Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Unrequited love is a ridiculous state, and it makes those in it behave ridiculously.
Richard Dawkins, River Out of Eden: A Darwinian View of Life|What are you?''I'm the Turtle, son. I made the universe, but please don't blame me for it; I had a bellyache.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Man is said to be a reasoning animal. I do not know why he has not been defined as an affective or feeling animal. Perhaps that which differentiates him from other animals is feeling rather than reason. More often I have seen a cat reason than laugh or weep. Perhaps it weeps or laughs inwardly — but then perhaps, also inwardly, the crab resolves equations of the second degree.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|I think I was his lifeline too. We were both adrift in New Your City. We were both surrounded by so many people, but ultimately we were terribly alone. Until we found each other.
LZ Granderson|I had always been a really peculiar child. My mom would tell you I grew up roughing it with the boys and playing with action figures and toy cars and stuff, but I also had an Easy Bake Oven... I find it amazing that in a really weird way, people are mad that they can't figure out my gender.
Epicurus|Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.
Kelley Armstrong, The Awakening|You guys are weird," Tori said.Simon sat on the crate beside me. "That's right. We are totally weird and completely uncool. Your popularity is plummeting just by being near us.
Karen Lord, The Best of All Possible Worlds|How many times have I turned away? How may voices have I chosen to ignore, my own not least of all? How far into darkness, into shadow, must one crawl not to see? And how can the blind walk out?" - C.V. Dreesman, The Marksmith
Donna Grant, Soul Scorched|How long has it been since you and your King were together?" he asked.	Rhi looked away, the tears returning again. "A very long time, but not so long that I don't remember the taste of his kiss or the way he would look at me and smile."	"You'll never move on unless you let go. What you need is another lover."	She cut him a look. "Are you applying for the position?"	"Would you take me?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you love someone, you will forgive him or her all the wrongs. You can make it right and love again.
David R. Stoddart|I believe in having fun first, and along the way, if you teach people, if you influence people, well and good.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|Once you let in the word, once you allow it to take root, it will spread like a mold through all of your corners and dark spaces— and with it, the questions, the shivery, splintered fears, enough to keep you permanently awake.
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, The Battle of Evernight|Mindful of not thanking their benefactors, in case, like wights, they took offense, she added, "Your kindness is gratefully acknowledged. May your trees be forever fruitful.
Ramana Maharshi|As citizens of a free society, we have a duty to look critically at our world. But if we think we know what is wrong, we must act upon that knowledge.
Alex Bosworth, Chip Chip Chaw!|I know grammar by ear only, not by note, not by the rules.
Blaise Pascal|Arbitrary power is like most other things which are very hard, very liable to be broken.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|From The Ghost Wars- on the concept of the Torah as ancient science fiction. “Take the story of the fall of the tower of Babel. Let’s say this represents not an act of God, nor a metaphor for this planet’s diverse linguistic heritage; but a catastrophic act of terrorism by the Divisionists to sever mankind from the neural net. The internet in this situation becomes mankind’s attempt to build a physical replacement for a natural ability long lost. Think of it as a wooden leg or a pacemaker.
Margaret Lovett, The Great and Terrible Quest|Silver hidden in the gold,Young man hidden in the old,Laughing lord with weeping eyes,Bring king and ring before sunrise! -Hilarion, The Great and Terrible Quest
Ashley Townsend, Defying Shadows|You can come if you want, but I'm going with or without you.Unless you're scared?
Lynn Cullen, The Creation of Eve|Yefgenii said, "The Americans spent millions of dollars designing a pen that would work in space. What did we do?" Gevorkian's head was down, his eyes were down. "What did we do?"Gevorkian lifted his head "We used pencils.""We used pencils.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|And that is how Goodwin problems were always fixed. Fix them on the surface but don't go to the root, always ignoring the elephant in the room. I think that morning was when I realized I'd grown up with an elephant in every room of my life. It was practically our family pet.
Vikram Seth, A Suitable Boy|But I too hate long books: the better, the worse. If they're bad they merely make me pant with the effort of holding them up for a few minutes. But if they're good, I turn into a social moron for days, refusing to go out of my room, scowling and growling at interruptions, ignoring weddings and funerals, and making enemies out of friends. I still bear the scars of Middlemarch.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|Most importantly, the epidemic was only news when it was not killing homosexuals. In this sense, AIDS remained a fundamentally gay disease, newsworthy only by the virtue of the fact that it sometimes hit people who weren't gay,
Christine F. Anderson, Forever Different: A Memoir of One Woman's Journey Living with Bipolar Disorder|I rehearsed Foucault's argument that the presence of madness on our doorstep is good for us, for it reminds us the life we live is only one among several human possibilities.
Wayne Muller, Sabbath: Finding Rest, Renewal, and Delight in Our Busy Lives|When you've only got two choices, and you don't like either of them, make a third choice.
Thomas Moore|The sweetest noise on earth, a woman's tongue; A string which hath no discord.
Oscar Wilde|And how delightful other people's emotions were!-much more delightful than their ideas, it seemed to him. One's own soul, and the passions of one's friends-those were the fascinating things in life.
Julie James, Practice Makes Perfect|We're out of time, Payton. You said it yourself: the only way we'll make it is for us to go into this together. I know we can do this. But I need you to believe it. You need to believe... in us."Peyton didn't say anything for a long moment, and J.D. could literally hear his heart beating. Then she finally answered."It would have to be called Kendall and Jameson."It took J.D a moment to catch on. Then he grinned. "No way. Jameson and Kendall. It's alphabetical.""You told our boss that you banged me on top of your desk.""Kendall and Jameson sounds great
Henry John Newman|More importantly, one could make the opposite argument to Leithart and Grant--that if good is guaranteed to win, then goodness becomes merely a means to an end rather than an end unto itself.
Heidi Reagan|It's a choice, it’s a bold move - disassembling the Box - and one that requires assertion, but the rewards are remarkable!!
Amy Neftzger, The War of Words|I am a prisoner of perception, a compulsory witness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When the week begins, think of how you will end it. When the week ends, think of how you did begin it. Start your week with joy. Smile at the storms in the week and though they might be so strong, be stronger than ever. Disregard disadvantages regardless of the situation and see 'this - advantage'. Don't be easily irritated by people or the actions of people; you harm your own emotions by doing so. Pardon people for their mistakes and do not give a precious thinking time to the mistakes of other. Life is all about learning lessons; only learn the lessons of life in every situation of life you meet. There is nothing so noble than working to please your solemn Maker. Think of the distinctive footprint you must live and leave. Know who your are; be who you are. Know what you want; live for what you want. Focus on the mission and don't lose focus of the vision. Enjoy a great week!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You empower ignorance if you as teacher hide yourself among the students because you know less and give less... Don’t hide your identity, make it a reality!
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|Mother, I share your concern, but I do not know how to be afraid of what I cannot change."- Sari
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am worthy of daily joy, and I will treat myself to a glorious day of complete bliss at least once per month.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|One in two recently evicted mothers reports multiple symptoms of clinical depression, double the rate of similar mothers who were not forced from their homes. Even after years pass, evicted mothers are less happy, energetic, and optimistic than their peers. When several patients committed suicide in the days leading up to their eviction, a group of psychiatrists published a letter in Psychiatric Services, identifying eviction as a “significant precursor of suicide.” The letter emphasized that none of the patients were facing homelessness, leading the psychiatrists to attribute the suicides to eviction itself. “Eviction must be considered a traumatic rejection,” they wrote, “a denial of one’s most basic human needs, and an exquisitely shameful experience.” Suicides attributed to evictions and foreclosures doubled between 2005 and 2010, years when housing costs soared.
Neil Gaiman, Norse Mythology|A simple "Hi" has potential to make you blush, if received from your crush.
Collette West, Inside Game|...There's a bit of a difference between a guy lying back being all sexy and come hither and mmrowr-worthy, and a man who has a toy stuffed parrot hanging from his nips.
Samuel Johnson|The only end of writing is to enable readers better to enjoy life, or better to endure it.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|We come here (literally) reaching for intimacy and love. But it seems soon after our arrival, we're made to believe that they're luxuries not necessities.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|My friends, life is so serious that if you are not aware of whom you are, your "youniversity" will be prestigious but unknown!
Dean Hughes, Far From Home|War is the greatest evil Satan has invented to corrupt our hearts and souls. We should honor our soldiers, but we should never honor war.
Sharon Creech|The problem, of course, is that there's no way of knowing that your last good day is your Last Good Day. At the time, it's just another good day.
Rachel Caine, The Dead Girls' Dance|At the very leadt, we can grab Monica and hustle her skanky ass back to her dad wile you brave, strong menfolk hold off the bad guys. Right?
John O. Brennan|Simply stated, the need for accurate intelligence and prescient analysis from CIA has never been greater than it is in 2013 - or than it will be in the coming years.
Laura Lippman, In a Strange City|The past was worth remembering and knowing in its own right. It was not behind us, never truly behind us, but under us, holding us up, a foundation for all that was to come and everything that had ever been.
Lant Pritchett, The Rebirth of Education: Schooling Ain't Learning|Perhaps more surprising, even the rich in developing countries also lag. For example, in Indonesia, the richest quintile has scores around 450--less than the 500 for the poorest quintile in Korea or the same as the poorest quintile in UK. So in poor countries, the richest are still getting a mediocre education, and the poor cannot be said to be getting any education at all.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Humility can weep over other men's weaknesses, and joy and rejoice over their graces.
Pawan Kalyan|The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.
Reid Hoffman, The Start-Up of You: Adapt to the Future, Invest in Yourself, and Transform Your Career|I had been thinking a lot about how the media has created this complex, fictionalized cartoon version of me, you know, this man-eating, jet-setting serial dater who reels them in, but scares them off because she’s clingy and needy; then she’s all dejected, so she goes into her lair and writes a song as a weapon. I mean, man, that’s pretty intense. And I started thinking about what an interesting character that person is. And, if I was that person, what would my life motto be, my mantra? What would I say? I think I’d own it.
Zach Weihrauch, A Better Story: Sermons from the Book of Genesis|Deteriorated science is a cult, so is imitative or deteriorated Sufism.
Amanda M. Lyons, Eyes Like Blue Fire|Nonsense! I have merely come to terms with the fact that I am perfect, and I have decided life must go on, and I must learn to live with myself...
Christina Dodd, The Barefoot Princess|Yes, I'm a man and everyone knows men are great hairy beasts scarcely tamed by civilization-Jermyn, Duke of Northcliff to Amy, Princess Beaumontaigne
Susan   Denning, Far Away Home|There is a phantom that flies with the banshees. It strangles the throat, pierces the heart and consumes the body with pain that only time and tears can expel.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|I must be overtired', Buttercup managed. 'The excitement and all.''Rest then', her mother cautioned. 'Terrible things can happen when you're overtired. I was overtired the night your father proposed.
Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence|The president, the secretary of state, the businessman, the preacher, the vendor, the spies, the clients and managers—all walking around Wall Street like chickens with their heads cut off—rushing to escape bankruptcy—plotting to melt down the Statue of Liberty—to press more copper pennies—to breed more headless chickens—to put more feathers in their caps—medals, diplomas, stock certificates, honorary doctorates—eggs and eggs of headless chickens—multitaskers—system hackers—who never know where they’re heading--northward, backward, eastward, forward, and never homeward—(where is home)—home is in the head—(but the head is cut off)—and the nest is full of banking forms and Easter eggs with coins inside. Beheaded chickens, how do you breed chickens with their heads cut off? By teaching them how to bankrupt creativity.
Maajid Nawaz|I mean, in some cases with libel laws, you know, they can write things about people who have no course of action, because they can't afford to take legal action against them.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You have no control over your growth or development. But you have a control on the direction of your growth and development! Go, grow towards impact directions!
Maggie Stiefvater, Ballad: A Gathering of Faerie|I pressed my hand against her hair, holding her to me, filled with the certainty that she was going to hurt me again and that I didn't have the strength to push her away before she did.
Tim Vivian, Saint Macarius, The Spiritbearer: Coptic Texts Relating To Saint Macarius The Great|Anger should be especially kept down in punishing, because he who comes to punishment in wrath will never hold that middle course which lies between the too much and the too little. It is also true that it would be desirable that they who hold the office of Judges should be like the laws, which approach punishment not in a spirit of anger but in one of equity.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Shut up, Julius! I mean, quiet a moment, Commander.
Ignatius of Loyola|Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work youbelieve in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you willfind happiness that you had thought could never be yours.
Ida B. Wells|Until the control of the issue of currency and credit is restored to government and recognized as its most conspicuous and sacred responsibility, all talks of the sovereignty of Parliament and of democracy is idle and futile.
Tom Rath|I hate the gym, so I try to diversify my workouts with swimming and basketball. Indoors, it's less boring than running. I do find that diet is key. I eat lots of lean protein, no soda, no fast food or fried foods, and a lot of water. But I love food and often cook.
Ted Hughes|Li, a willowy manboy with a shock of black hair atop a mouthful of bad teeth was the brother-in-law he had introduced to industrial espionage several years back. Rong often regretted that.
Ted Rubin|It's about "Moments," not Milestones.
James Salter|You must write as if each word is a precious drop of blood, or a tear to be saved in a glass phial.
G.K. Chesterton|He sees daily evidence that many things held to be true by nine-tenths of all men are, in reality, false, and he is thereby apt to acquire a doubt of everything, including his own beliefs.
Collette West, Game Changer|Look,” she said, “apparently you bring out my inner slut. I’m not going to thank you for that.”Wyatt smiled that sexy smile of his. “I could make you.”She pointed a finger at his nose. And then lowered it so it was pointed at another part of his anatomy entirely. “Don’t even think about it.”“Oh, I won’t,” he said silkily. “But you will.”And she knew he was right.
A. Violet End, The Billionaire Who Atoned to Me|Tristan looked at me with pleading eyes, as though he could forget for one moment how I was programmed to respond to him—how even now upon hearing his confession, I wanted nothing more than to suck his beautiful cock to fulfillment, to straddle him right here on the edge of this roof, to let him fuck every orifice he’d created on my body. I fought back the feelings of lust, wondering if I’d ever truly be myself again, if I’d ever be free of the programming.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|It's not the weather that's bad or good, it's whether you have good or bad mood. It's cloudy and cold, I feel happy and bold, As the storm unfolds, I turn silver in gold!
lauren klarfeld|A fight is like the perfect storm. It is risky and dangerous. But, as the African proverb goes, Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. Fights are often learning opportunities—if we’re willing to dig deep enough past our own egos.
Shirley Jackson, We Have Always Lived in the Castle|I would have liked to come into the grocery some morning and see them all, even the Elberts and the children, lying there crying with the pain of dying. I would help myself to groceries, I thought, stepping over their bodies, taking whatever I fancied from the shelves, and go home, with perhaps a kick for Mrs.Donell while she lay there. I was never sorry when I had thoughts like this; I only wished they would come true.
Mishi McCoy|Someone once told me that they didn't like me very much. I smiled and replied, "That's okay. For a long time, I didn't like myself either.
A.S. King, Ask the Passengers|Perfection is not real. Perfection is not human. Carlos is not perfect- no, even better- he is imperfect. Everything about him, and us, and all of this is imperfect. And those imperfections in our reality are the seams and cracks into which our outsized love can seep and pool.
J.L. Sheppard, Burdened By Desire|He hadn’t been able to help himself, couldn’t have stopped himself from kissing her even if he’d tried. Fighting with her was a million times better than dreaming, and the fight had conjured his soul to act, to kiss her. And that kiss was nothing like anything he had ever experienced before.He knew if he would die then, he’d die a happy man because it meant he’d savor her forever, relish her passion among his. She’d tasted so sweet, like the sweetest fruit or the sweetest dessert. Her lips were heaven on his, his heaven on Earth.
R.E. Vance, Paradise Lot: GoneGodWorld - Episode Two|Men of profound sadness betray themselves when they are happy: they have a mode of seizing upon happiness as though they would choke and strangle it, out of jealousy--ah, they know only too well that it will flee from them!
Billy Baldwin|My earliest memory is nursing and struggling to see the colored lights making up the map of the world, the famous backdrop for Larry King's TV show. There's an 'I-want-to-do-all-things-at-once' kind of theme to it.
Jeremiah Burroughs, The Evil of Evils: The Exceeding Sinfulness of Sin|A great leader may be executed in the name of malevolence, yet when his followers look upon his legacy they will see not only the man who once stood, but even more will they see the ideas for which he stood.
Gavin Newsom, Citizenville: Connecting People and Government in the Digital Age|For good or for bad, we define ourselves in many ways by the gadgets we use and the clothes we wear. We don't want to surround ourselves with cheap products. Nobody really aspires to that. We also don't want to pay for a diamond-encrusted ereader. We don't need bling; we just need to feel like the design speaks to us.
Nader al-Masri|Rockefeller once explained the secret of success. 'Get up early, work late - and strike oil.'
Sean DeLauder, The Least Envied|Of all the stories I have read about heroes, and all that I could ever read, of one thing I'm certain-he is mine.
Michelle Warren, He + She|He sighed and moved his hands under water, linking with mine. “You are like a drug to me. Dangerous. Addicting. I can’t get enough of you.” He brought our hands above water and kissed one of my hands, linked with his. “But I want more, more than just a night, more than just a few touches. And I have a feeling that once we cross that line, you will run away.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|I wanted to thank Trent, but all I could do was give him a faint smile before I lost consciousness. Everything had worked flawlessly. I had planned the perfect murder - my own.
Dana Candler, Deep Unto Deep: The Journey of His Embrace|What one heart finds in Him is so different than what another discovers, yet none less true.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The age measured from the date of birth is just a number, The mental age always makes the difference
Susan Mallery, Sweet Trouble|You’re only responsible for yourself, Jess. And that’s the only person you can control. Other people will either get it or they won’t but you can’t define yourself by their opinions.
Camilo Garzon|I felt for the first time that the library belonged here. The house was reclaiming its spirit, and the library, which had stood aloof and apart for so many years, was turning back into what it was always meant to be: the heart of this home.
Gustave Flaubert, November|For if it is rash to walk into a lion's den unarmed, rash to navigate the Atlantic in a rowing boat, rash to stand on one foot on the top of St Paul's, it is still more rash to go home alone with a poet
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|Disbelief held me down inside my footsteps, making my body heavy but my heart wild.
Sally Andrew, The Fire Dogs of Climate Change: An Inspirational Call to Action|I felt the full breadth and depth of the ocean around the sphere of the Earth, back billions of years to the beginning of life, across all the passing lives and deaths, the endless waves of swimming joy and quiet losses of exquisite creatures with fins and fronds, tentacles and wings, colourful and transparent, tiny and huge, coming and going. There is nothing the ocean has not seen
Nikki Sixx|I would like to show that I have a heart, that I am a human being and I have feelings. And to be this kind of role model, not only for beauty pageants but also for life.
Adam Leith Gollner, The Book of Immortality: The Science, Belief, and Magic Behind Living Forever|Of all the wars that have taken place wince then, none has endured so long as the conflict between knowledge and belief. For centuries now, knowledge has attempted, unsuccessfully, to supersede belief. But the entire clash stems from a misapprehension of the nature of belief. We can't not believe; and we won't ever know everything. We know this much: knowledge remains an endless advance toward an end point that endlessly recedes.
Dexter Palmer|The thing about memories wasn't that many of them inevitably faded, but that repeated recall of the ones you remembered burnished them into shining, gorgeous lies.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|Managing in-home nursing is not always easy. It can be terribly frustrating sometimes, and it can take a while to feel like everything is under control, but success is possible.
Frances Partridge, Love In Bloomsbury: Memories|My memories are not books. They are only stories that I have been over so many times in my head that I don't know from one day to the next what's remembered and what's made up. Like when you memorize a poem, and for one small unimportant part you supply your own words. The meaning's the same, the meter's identical. When you read the actual version you can never get it into your head that it's right and you're wrong.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we have reverence for God, we will have respect for one another.
Dalal Gebara|Made you the subject of my dreams, I was always the first to hear your screams. Haven't you had enough of all these schemes? Re-run all the scenes...Haven't you noticed we're being a bit too extreme? I know not everything is as it seems, but aren't you tired of floating downstream?
Ephrem the Syrian|Let books be your dining table, / And you shall be full of delights. / Let them be your mattress,/And you shall sleep restful nights
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself, free being.
Debasish Mridha|When you have left your life, you will be judged not for your possessions but for your contributions.
Shannon L. Alder|My mother had not acted for ten years. Not since a reviewer wrote that her portrayal of Lady Macbeth put him in mind of an exasperated society hostess burdened with unmannerly guests who had lost the new tennis balls, left the bathrooms in a mess, and finished the gin.
Duane Michals|There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
Gorgos|Because we are the only women who are mothers of men." Gorgo: when asked by a woman from Attica why Spartan women were the only women in the world who could rule men.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|And, on a wide view, I could see that it makes little difference whether one dies at the age of thirty or threescore and ten—since, in either case, other men and women will continue living, the world will go on as before. Also, whether I died now or forty years hence, this business of dying had to be got through, inevitably. Still, somehow this line of thought wasn't as consoling as it should have been; the idea of all those years of life in hand was a galling reminder!
Preeti Bhonsle|man and dog in rainThis too will pass,and I shall be a better man,said Adam, whenever a storm began.
Donna Lynn Hope|I challenge a man to a duel before allowing him near me, and then I take an arrow, dip it in poison, and drive it straight through his heart...But that's on a good day...when I purr and feel delightfully amorous. No need to mention what I'd do on a bad one.
Nomi Eve, Henna House|Hope is not a sin, neither is fidelity.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|With all control look for the hole, your mind gets weak, unless it’s truth you seek. Swirled and twirled into another world, into the smog, a doorway within the fog.” Deetkatu, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Michael Miller|Best not to take, yet doubt its strength,A leash with Demons at its length.
Ocean Vuong|Rush-hour on the A rain. A blind man staggers forth, his cane tapping lightlyown the aisle. He leans against the door,raises a violin to chin, and says I’m sorry to bother you, folks. But please. Just listen. And it kills me, the word sorry. As if something like musicshould be forgiven. He nuzzles into the wood like a lover, inhales, and at the first slow stroke, the crescendo seeps through our skin like warm water, we who have nothing but destinations, who dream of light but descend into the mouths of tunnels, searching. Beads of sweat fall from his brow, making dark roseson the instrument. His head swooning to each chord exhaled through the hollow torso. The woman beside me has put down her book, closed her eyes, the babyhas stopped crying, the cop has sat down, and I know this train is too fast for dreaming, that these iron jaws will always open to swallow a smile already lost.How insufficient the memory, to fail before death.how will hear these notes when the train slides into the yard, the lights turned out, and the songlingers with breaths rising from empty seats? I know I am too human to praise what is fading. But for now, I just want to listen as the train fillscompletely with warm water, and we are all swimming slowly toward the man with Mozart flowing from his hands. I want nothingbut to put my fingers inside his mouth, let that prayer hum through my veins. I want crawl into the hole in his violin.I want to sleep there until my flesh  becomes music.
Toni Sorenson|Don't ever let your day end in "could haves" and "should haves." Life is meant to be one experience after another. Say yes to everything that is good for you.
Joel Osteen|I'm gonna be blunt and plain, if one ever looks at me like that I'm gonna kill him and tell God he died.
Christopher Fowler, On the Loose|Many people go through their whole lives having no real sense of what their talents may be, or if they have any to speak of. Human resources are like natural resources; they’re often buried deep. You have to go looking for them, they’re not just lying around on the surface.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Beauty discrimination has become necessary, not from the perception that women will not be good enough, but that they will be, as they have been, twice as good.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico didn’t respond. He’d never had anyone talk to him this openly before, except maybe for Hazel. He felt like he was watching a flock of birds settle on a field. One loud sound might startle them away.
Campbell Scott|There never was any heart truly great and generous, that was not also tender and compassionate.
Seanan McGuire, Rosemary and Rue|And the kittykats would have to erect scaffolding and a pulley to get him down. Mind you, I wouldn't put that past them. Sometimes when they are behind the sofa supposedly purring, I think they are drilling.
Randeep Hooda|For some people, home is family and their mom's house or their girl or whatever, and I have those experiences as well, but the biggest thing for me is Chicago.
Sarah Dessen|Family isnt about blood relationships, its about the meaning behind them. I relize now that sharing chromosoms is not the only way to having a family, its about the friendship behind it.
Bam Zakariya| Let Art be your weapon, and you would never be defeated.
Thomas Carlyle, Essays on Goethe|If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all.
Tom Larcombe, Merlin's Travels|Is there anyone nearby you can speak to without words?”“I don’t know. I only know that there are those whose minds I can speak with that, when I show them how, speak back to my mind as well.
William Blake|This, then, is true liberty: the joy that comes in doing what is right. At the same time, it is also devoted service in obedience to righteous precept.
Scott A. Sandage|Let us be thankful for the fools,' Mark Twain wrote with typically dark humor in 1897. 'But for them the rest of us could not succeed.' Of all the paradoxes of failure in America, surely this is the darkest. Long ago, we saw through old fables of rags to riches; it is still fun to dream, but we know that we are partaking of a cultural myth. But if we do not quite believe in that kind of success, our faith in the myths of failure is unshaken. We are merrily cynical about whether the average tycoon really tugged on those bootstraps, but we still believe with deadly seriousness that the reasons for failure are usually individual-- "in the man." Failure is not the dark side of the American Dream; it is the foundation of it. The American Dream gives each of us the chance to be a born loser.
Gregory B. Sadler|Everything I have learned has not come from books, it has come experientially over time under pressure walking with Christ".~ R. Alan Woods [2012]
Joyce Meyer, Beauty for Ashes: Receiving Emotional Healing|I am not where I need to be, but, thank God, I am not where I used to be.
Randall Jarrell, Pictures from an Institution|It's ugly, but is it art?
Neal Stephenson|Once or twice I saw evidence that rats had been nesting among the books, rearranging them to make snug two and three-level homes for themselves and smearing dung on the covers to form the rude characters of their speech.
David Hume|We can only learn to know ourselves and do what we can - namely, surrender our will and fulfill God's will in us.
Joyce Meyer|When a woman puts on a heel, she has a different posture, a different attitude. She really stands up and has a consciousness of her body.
Orson De Witt, Earth Won't Miss You|There was the emptiness of space I was afraid to fall into, but the only real fear I’d ever actually had was to dive into the emptiness inside of myself.
James Patterson|Nudge threw her arms around my neck. 'I love you Max! I love all of us too!'Yeah, me too,' Said the Gasman. 'I don't care if we have our house, or a cliff ledge, or a cardboard box. Home is wherever we all are, together.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|Human rights are women’s rights, and women’s rights are human rights. Let us not forget that among those rights are the right to speak freely — and the right to be heard.
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|In the yard of the inn, Daffy Cadwaladyr introduced himself. "Short for Davyd," he said pleasantly.The Londoner looked as if she'd never heard a sillier name in her life.
Douglas Coupland, Generation A|Books turn people into isolated individuals, and once that's happened, the road only grows rockier. Books wire you to want to be Steve McQueen, but the world wants you to be SMcQ23667bot@hotmail.com.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|I am no feminist. Even though the term "feminism" is founded upon the basic principle of gender equality, it possesses its own fundamental gender bias, which makes it inclined towards the wellbeing of women, over the wellbeing of the whole society. And if history has shown anything, it is that such fundamental biases in time corrupt even the most glorious ideas and give birth to prejudice, bigotry and differentiation.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|My star will just be one of the stars, for you. And so you will love to watch all the stars in the heavens...they will all be your friends."-the little prince
Andre Weil|A season of suffering is a small assignment when compared to the reward. Rather than begrudge your problem, explore it. Ponder it. And most of all, use it. Use it to the glory of God.
Peter Capaldi|Because it's cheaper and easier to fly than ever before, air travel is becoming democratized.
Emma Abdullah, The Blue Box|The scientific creation story has majesty, power and beauty. and is infused with a powerful message capable of lifting our spirits in a way that its multitudinous supernatural counterparts are incapable of matching. It teaches us that we are the products of 13.7 billion years of cosmic evolution and the mechanism by which meaning entered the universe, if only for a fleeting moment in time. Because the universe means something to me, and the fact that we are all agglomerations of quarks and electrons in a complex and fragile pattern that can perceive the beauty of the universe with visceral wonder, is, I think, a thought worth raising a glass to this Christmas.
Greg Forster, Joy for the World: How Christianity Lost Its Cultural Influence and Can Begin Rebuilding It|To be likeable as a woman, it seems, you have to ensure that you’re also non-threatening and slightly useless.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|Being a monk was the strangest and most perverted way of life imaginable. Monks spent half their lives putting themselves through pain and discomfort that they could easily avoid, and the other half muttering meaningless mumbo jumbo in empty churches at all hours of the day and night. They deliberately shunned anything good—girls, sports, feasting and family life.
Kamand Kojouri|Having drunk the dregs of Your Love, I am intoxicated beyond recognition. Now, I only pray for the nearness of You so I may advance in my annihilation.
Sylvia Plath|I do not believe that artists or actors and people should be out there like voicing their full-blown opinions on politics because, let's face it, at the end of the day, I'm not that smart of a guy.
N.T. Wright, The New Testament and the People of God|What does it mean to be an advocate? In its broadest sense, advocacy means “any public action to support and recommend a cause, policy or practice.” That covers a lot of public actions, from displaying  a bumper sticker to sounding off with a bullhorn. But whether the action is slapping something on the back of a car or speaking in front of millions, every act of advocacy involves making some kind of public statement, one that says, “I support this.” Advocacy is a communicative act. Advocacy is also a persuasive act. “I support this” is usually followed by another statement (sometimes only implied): “...and you should, too.” Advocacy not only means endorsing a cause or idea, but recommending, promoting, defending, or arguing for it.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|As a South African I honestly cannot understand how people can't see South Africa as a unique nation, untied by ties of history, bonds of suffering, victory, struggles, hope - and in more ways than I ever before thought possible - blood.
Samuel Johnson|AuthorZoom- You do the writing, let us do the rest.
Moira Wegel|While it might have surprised onlookers, undergraduates in the 2000s were in fact having less sex than their predecessors in the 1980s and '90s - if you accepted their definition of sex as vaginal intercourse. (Those of us who grew up during the Clinton years learned from our president that activities other than intercourse do not constitute "sexual relations," however intimate they may be.)
Mark Sisson, Primal Blueprint 21-Day Total Body Transformation: A Step-by-Step, Gene Reprogramming Action Plan|Perhaps the most important thing I came to understand during my decade at HoJo's was that Americans had extremely open palates compared to French diners. They were willing to try items that lay outside their normal range of tastes. If they liked the food, that was all that mattered. I wasn't constantly battling ingrained prejudices as I would have been in France, where doing something as simple as adding carrots to boeuf bourguignon could have gotten me guillotined, not because carrots make the dish taste bad (they are great), but because it wouldn't be the way a boeuf was supposed to be made. In France, unless a dish was prepared exactly "right," people would know and complain. In the States, if it tasted good, then fine, the customer was happy. A whole new world of culinary possibilities had opened up before me.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|He'll come back," Simon said again. "For you.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|I didn't know someone could love me like this," she said. "Could love me and love me and love me without...needing space."Lincoln wasn't asleep. He rolled on top of her."There's no air in space," he said.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|This pure little drop from a pure little source was too sweet: it penetrated deep, and subdued the heart
Marcel Proust, Remembrance of Things Past: Volume I - Swann's Way & Within a Budding Grove|Every person is destroyed when we cease to see him; after which his next appearance is a new creation, different from that which immediately preceded it, if not from them all.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|All the thoughts/images in our minds, and all the emotions connected with our thoughts will sooner or later manifest as our reality.
Anita Moorjani, Dying to Be Me: My Journey from Cancer, to Near Death, to True Healing|Selfishness comes from too little self-love, not too much, as we compensate for our lack. There's no such thing as caring for the self too much, just as there's no such thing as too much genuine affection for others. Our world suffers from too little self-love and too much judgment, insecurity, fear, and mistrust. If we all cared about ourselves more, most of these ills would disappear.
Stephen Crane, Complete Poems of Stephen Crane|Young people have limited choices, but they are also useful human resources.
Confucius|Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself, and know that everything in life has purpose. There are no mistakes, no coincidences, all events are blessings given to us to learn from.
J.G. Ballard, The Unlimited Dream Company|Miriam - I'll give you any flowers you want!' Rhapsodising over the thousand scents of her body, I exclaimed: 'I'll grow orchids from your hands, roses from your breasts. You can have magnolias in your hair...!''And in my heart?''In your womb I'll set a fly-trap!
Tadao Ando|I hope America can also be the cultural leader of the world, and use this frontier spirit to lead and show others that we need courage to go places where we have not gone before.
Ellen Stofan|I don't see this planet being... they're talking about how they're turning around the environmental problems here, but I think it's already too late.
William Knox|MortalityOh, why should the spirit of mortal be proud?Like a swift-fleeting meteor, a fast-flying cloud,A flash of the lightning, a break of the wave,He passes from life to his rest in the grave.The leaves of the oak and the willow shall fade,Be scattered around, and together be laid;And the young and the old, the low and the high,Shall molder to dust, and together shall lie.Yea, hope and despondency, pleasure and pain,Are mingled together in sunshine and rain;And the smile and the tear, the song and the dirge,Still follow each other, like surge upon surge.'Tis the wink of an eye - 'tis the draught of a breath -From the blossom of health to the paleness of death,From the gilded saloon to the bier and the shroudOh, why should the spirit of mortal be proud?
Germany Kent|Whether you choose to move on from your struggles and enjoy life or waddle in your misery, life will continue.
Christopher Hitchens|A wide and vague impression exists that so-called Eastern religion is more contemplative, innocuous, and humane than the proselytizing monotheisms of the West. Don't believe a word of this: try asking the children of Indochina who were dumped by their parents for inherited deformities that were attributed to sins in a previous 'life.
Eileen Favorite, The Heroines|For a bookworm like Mother, a Brontë novel sister was better than a biological one.
Blaise Pascal|Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is right at their heels.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, your distinction can be found on Twitter, so, is your thought leadership impressing or depressing?
Kristen-Paige Madonia, Fingerprints of You|That amazing time in our lives is gone, and will never return. All the beautiful possibilities we had then have been swallowed up in the flow of time.
J.D. Robb, Indulgence in Death|Minute by minute, then hour by hour, then day by day. Work is solace," he said, "friends are comfort. Life is for the living. You and I know that, even though we spend so much time with the dead - maybe because of that we know we have to live. Chale has been a great help to me.""That's good," she said, thinking of the priest she'd suggested Morris talk to. "You can ... you know, anytime.""Yes." His lips curved. "I know. You're work, and a friend, so have been both solace and comfort.
Emma Goldman|My Mom said she learned how to swim when someone took her out in the lake and threw her off the boat. I said, 'Mom, they weren't trying to teach you how to swim.'
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|If we cannot be contented with our current lives and possessions, then we are feeding an appetite that no amount of money will ever satiate.
Ron Baratono|It's easy when you're climbing something. Don't look down, or even too far ahead. Focus on where you are in that moment.
Sunday Adelaja|Before we aspire after theoretical perfection in the amelioration of our political state, it is necessary that we possess those advantages which we have been cheated of, and which the experience of modern times has proved that nations even under the present conditions are susceptible.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Don't be polite.Bite in.Pick it up with your fingers and lick the juice that may run down your chin. It is ready and ripe now, whenever you are. You do not need a knife or fork or spoon.For there is no coreor stemor rindor pitor seedor skinto throw away.
Nicole  Rae|Being brave meant that though you might be frightened, you would face the greatest danger if you knew it was the right thing to do.
John Marchesella|The Waterbearer loves, loves, loves its freedom, but eventually, when freedom is the only goal, it can get a little limiting. That's when Aquarius realizes its freedom has become its prison.
Alfa H|I have no doubt that Taylor Swift will call one day after suffering writers block: "Alfa, I was told that you were the person to call." I gotcha girlfriend.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|I wouldn't live in a colony like that, myself, for a thousand dollars an hour. I wouldn't want it next door. I'm not too happy it's within ten miles. Why? Because their soft-headedness irritates me. Because their beautiful thinking ignores both history and human nature. Because they'd spoil my thing with their thing. Because I don't think any of them is wise enough to play God and create a human society. Look. I like privacy, I don't like crowds, I don't like noise, I don't like anarchy, I don't even like discussion all that much. I prefer study, which is very different from meditation-not better, different. I don't like children who are part of the wild life. So are polecats and rats and other sorts of hostile and untrained vermin. I want to make a distinction between civilization and the wild life. I want a society that will protect the wild life without confusing itself with it.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|A little while, their hunger unfulfilled,The mothlike worlds flit 'round the guttering sun.("Ephemera")
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|If you want more development in your relationship, move to an urban area.
Michael Benzehabe|Zoe leaned closer to Ruth, nearly nose to nose. “If they were made from better stuff, they would have pretended the fault was theirs. They would have made a moment of it--a pretty moment.
Craig Childs, The Animal Dialogues: Uncommon Encounters in the Wild|The elk that you glimpse in the summer, those at the forest edge, are survivors of winter, only the strongest. You see one just before dusk that summer, standing at the perimeter of the meadow so it can step back to the forest and vanish. You can't help imagining the still, frozen nights behind it, so cold that the slightest motion is monumental. I have found their bodies, half drifted over in snow, no sign of animal attack or injury. Just toppled over one night with ice working into their lungs. You wouldn't want to stand outside for more than a few minutes in that kind of weather. If you lived through only one of those winters the way this elk has, you would write books about it. You would become a shaman. You would be forever changed. That elk from the winter stands there on the summer evening, watching from beside the forest. It keeps its story to itself.
Sara  Humphreys, Brave the Heat|I can walk... see."I made my legs walk."What are you doing?""Vertical walkin'."Alec laughed. "Pitch Perfect?""Amazin' film.
Emmanuel Levinas|For others, in spite of myself, from myself.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|It doesn't matter how you conceive of divinity. It only matters that you see it in everything, including yourself.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A homely face does not guarantee a homely character. Appearance is the body, character is the spirit, and the soul bears the most vital qualities.
Brent Weeks, Shadow's Edge|Why is it, my shadow-striding friend, that we don't fear dreams? We lose consciousness, lose control, things happen with no apparent logic and abiding by no apparent rules.... We don't fear dreams, but we do fear madness, and death terrifies us.
Plato, The Republic|If our goal is to slow migration, then the best way to do so is to work for a more equitable global system. But slowing migration is an odd goal, if the real problem is global inequality.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Why do we have to do this in the middle of the night?” Taylor asked.“Because we don’t want the whole town knowing why we’re going and where we’re going.”“How can I tell anyone if I don’t even know myself?” Taylor stuck out her lower lip.“Water. We’re going to look for water,” Sam said.He could almost hear the wheels in Taylor’s head spinning. Then, “OMG, we’re out of water?” She bit her lip, took a couple of dramatic breaths, and wailed, “Do you mean we’re all going to die?”“That would be a pretty good example of why we’re keeping this secret,” Sam said dryly.“I just need to go—”“Uh-uh!” Sam said. “No you don’t, Taylor. You don’t bounce anywhere or talk to anyone without me agreeing. Are we clear?”“You know, Sam, you’re nice. And so very, very hot,” Taylor said. “But you’re not really much fun.”“Let’s get out of here while we can,” Dekka said. “I brought a gun, by the way.”“Are we going to be in danger?” Taylor cried.“The gun’s in case you get on my nerves, Taylor,” Dekka warned.“Oh, so funny,” Taylor said.
Peter Joseph|Google and Apple offer the image of a pseudo-commons to Internet users. That image recalls Nick Dyer-Whiteford's claim that, in light of the structural failures of neoliberal policies, capital could "turn to a 'Plan B', in which limited versions of commons, pollution trading schemes, community development and open-source and file-sharing practices are introduced as subordinate aspects of a capitalist economy, where voluntary cooperation subsidizes profit. One can think here of how Web 2.0 re-appropriates many of the innovations of radical digital activists, and converts them into a source of rent." Indeed, with the rise of the trademarked Digital Commons software platform and with the proliferation of university-based digital and media commons (which are typically limited to fee-paying and/or employed university community members), the very concept of the digital commons appears to be one of these reappropriations. But if, as part of what James Boyle describes as the "Second Closure Movement," this very rhetorical move signals the temporary defeats of the after-globalization and radical hacker movements that claimed the language of the commons, perhaps the advocacy for ownership of digital wares (or at least a form of unalienable, absolute possession, whether individual or communal) would provide a strategic ballast against the proprietary control of large swathes of information by apparently benevolent corporations and institutions. While still dangling in mid-air, the information commodity's consumption might thereby be placed more solidly on common ground.
Reinhold Messner, Mountains from Space: Peaks and Ranges of the Seven Continents|Powerful winds that crack the boughs of November! - and the bright calm sun, untouched by the furies of the earth, abandoning the earth to darkness, and wild forlornness, and night, as men shiver in their coats and hurry home. And then the lights of home glowing in those desolate deeps. There are the stars, though! - high and sparkling in a spiritual firmament. We will walk in the windsweeps, gloating in the envelopment of ourselves, seeking the sudden grinning intelligence of humanity below these abysmal beauties. Now the roaring midnight fury and the creaking of our hinges and windows, now the winder, now the understanding of the earth and our being on it: this drama of enigmas and double-depths and sorrows and grave joys, these human things in the elemental vastness of the windblown world.
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|Life shows us all colours, some bright and some shades of grey,Some accept with a smile, while some frown in every wayThoughts and memories never end but life does one day.Whole age passes by in wait of that old time to return,But those old days once gone, will never come back again,Rather we can just cherish them in the memories that burn,In the back of our mind and make us remember,How we used to be so crazy,In those old days…
Magda Alexander, Storm Conquered|Not anymore, the beast inside me roars. You’re no longer employed by Storm Industries. You can do what you want. The temptation to take her, to make her mine, has grown into a savage hunger which won’t be satisfied...
Erin Watt, Broken Prince|As you can see, I keep my word,” I call to the rest of the crowd. “Do not take advantage of my generosity, and I will not take advantage of your weakness.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|It appears that the solution of the problem of time and space is reserved to philosophers who, like Leibniz, are mathematicians, or to mathematicians who, like Einstein, are philosophers.
Fran Greene|Life is not a dress rehearsal. Finding love is all about taking a risk, taking control of your social life, and knowing that you won't waste today because tomorrow is a gift.
Teresa Lo, The Other Side: a Collection of Short Stories|But in the end I'd marry her to the one she herself loved. To a father, the man his daughter falls in love with herself always seems the worst. That's how it is.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|The best thing about America is that it gives you space. I like that. I like that you buy into the dream, it's a lie but you buy into it and that's all that matters.
Missionaries Who Love The Arab World, Live Dead: The Journey|Men and women of God through the centuries have lived out this abiding truth. There are no heroes of the faith who did not live out this extravagant lavishing of their time on Jesus. When we examine their private lives, we see that they needed to abide for strength and for wisdom. They were addicted to extravagant time in the presence of Jesus because it gave them life and joy and was the only thing that fulfilled them.
Tiphanie Yanique, Land of Love and Drowning|Fictions are realities we don't think of, that are happening to people we know nothing about.
Michelle Frost, Wisdoms of the Light|Music can make you feel things that aren’t yours—sadness, or love, or joy. A good song has a magic to it. It pulls you in and the feelings in the music take over and you become the music, you become the song.
Patrick L.O. Lumumba|If a country complains that they don’t have good leaders, those leaders are only as a result of the prevailing value system that every citizen of that country has been exposed to.
Thomas Hardy|I shall be up before you are awake; I shall be afield before you are up; and I shall have breakfasted before you are afield. In short, I shall astonish you all.
Charles   Williams|Our crucifixes exhibit the pain, but they veil, perhaps necessarily, the obscenity: but the death of the God-Man was both.
Marian Keyes, The Mystery of Mercy Close|I need you to get inside Wayne's head. I need someone who thinks a bit left field and in your own unpleasant way, Helen Walsh, you're a genius.He had a point. I'm lazy and illogical. I've limited people skills. I'm easily bored and easily irritated. But I have moments of brilliance. They come and they go and I can't depend on them but they do happen.
Nikki Rowe|blessed are those who can find light in dark places, courageous enough to feel when it's time to reflect & hopeful enough to believe when all seems impossible. We don't have enough pioneers like this, and I wonder if it's because they were afraid to live and afraid to learn?
Albert Camus|In just about every area of society, there's nothing more important than ethics.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|The skyscrapers of the city had finished scraping all the sky away, and the clouds overhead were exactly the color of concrete and I was safe and cold in a canyon of glass and steel.
Tayari Jones, Silver Sparrow|People say, that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger. But they are wrong. What doesn't kill you, doesn't kill you.
Isabel Miller, Patience & Sarah|You're being parental', I said. 'Go find that squid'.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|When you are the answer that must remain hidden, then you have everything to be worried about when so much people are asking the same question.” - Sari
Frank Oz|I really want to drive a Porsche GT1 car - also a McLaren, if I could fit. I want to do LeMans badly. I want to do Spa, a European series with World SportsCars.
Anonymous|I’m afraid, my blue-skinned friend - that matters of religion are absolute. True believers cannot be reasoned with. You either agree with their beliefs or you accept that you will be in eternal conflict with them.(Deathsworn Arc 4: Rise of the Archmage)
K. Crumley|Some day people will ask me what is the key to my success...and I will simply say, "good Karma.
D. H. Lawrence|If you want plenty of experience in dealing with difficult people, then have kids.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Where the hell is your guard?" She shouts. Damn if she doesn't sound like Haley. "I'm tired.""Do I look like I care? You're getting the hell pounded out of you. If you want to tap out, then tap out, but don't stand there and let him win.
Herbie Hancock|In the Mexican culture, we never miss a baptism, a birthday, a baby shower, a wedding shower, a wedding. You must show up. Otherwise, you'll be in big trouble.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|The thought went through my mind that we should film ourselves in our sexual act, and project our frenzied copulation permanently onto the walls of the tea-room, as a lesson to wake up the boring people who drank tea here, and to show them what life was really all about.
Luciano De Crescenzo|Knowledge is not a passion from without the mind, but an active exertion of the inward strength, vigor and power of the mind, displaying itself from within.
Robert Reich|To this day, with all of these muscle-bound guys, nobody hit the ball further than Mickey Mantle, with his natural strength.
Marjorie Pay Hinckley, Small and Simple Things|I know it is hard for you young mothers to believe that almost before you can turn around the children will be gone and you will be alone with your husband. You had better be sure you are developing the kind of love and friendship that will be delightful and enduring. Let the children learn from your attitude that he is important. Encourage him. Be kind. It is a rough world, and he, like everyone else, is fighting to survive. Be cheerful. Don't be a whiner.
Steven Weinberg|There are those whose views about religion are not very different from my own, but who nevertheless feel that we should try to damp down the conflict, that we should compromise it. … I respect their views and I understand their motives, and I don't condemn them, but I'm not having it. To me, the conflict between science and religion is more important than these issues of science education or even environmentalism. I think the world needs to wake up from its long nightmare of religious belief; and anything that we scientists can do to weaken the hold of religion should be done, and may in fact be our greatest contribution to civilization.
Willa Cather|There was a basic harmony between Antonia and her mistress [Mrs. Harling]. They had strong, independent natures, both of them. They knew what they liked, and were not always trying to imitate other people. They loved children and animals and music, and rough play, and digging in the earth. They liked to prepare rich, hearty food and to see people eat it; to make up soft white beds and to see youngsters asleep in them. They ridiculed conceited people and were quick to help unfortunate ones. Deep down in each of them there was a kind of hearty joviality, a relish of life, not over-delicate, but very invigorating. I never tried to define it, but I was distinctly conscious of it. I could not imagine Antonia's living for a week in any other house in Black Hawk than the Harlings.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Gabe scratched his double chin. "Maybe if you hurry with the seven-layer dip...And maybe if the kid apologizes for interrupting my poker game."Maybe if I kick you in your soft spot, I thought. And make you sing Soprano for a week.
Sarah Ruhl, Chekhov's Three Sisters & Woolf's Orlando|Loving for the second time isn’t sweet; it’s bitter, and hurt more than the first.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|She felt worthless and hollow. There was no hope of fixing this.And when hope is gone, time is punishment.
Jeff Schmidt, Disciplined Minds: A Critical Look at Salaried Professionals and the Soul-Battering System That Shapes Their Lives|It is a common enough mid-career urge: having taken care of life's immediate needs, some of us yearn to chase villains, right wrongs, fight on the side of the angels.
Daniil Kharms, Today I Wrote Nothing: The Selected Writings|It’s hard to say something about Pushkin to a person who doesn’t know anything about him. Pushkin is a great poet. Napoleon is not as great as Pushkin. Bismarck compared to Pushkin is a nobody. And the Alexanders, First, Second and Third, are just little kids compared to Pushkin. In fact, compared to Pushkin, all people are little kids, except Gogol. Compared to him, Pushkin is a little kid.And so, instead of writing about Pushkin, I would rather write about Gogol.Although, Gogol is so great that not a thing can be written about him, so I'll write about Pushkin after all.Yet, after Gogol, it’s a shame to have to write about Pushkin. But you can’t write anything about Gogol. So I’d rather not write anything about anyone.
Justin Spring, Secret Historian: The Life and Times of Samuel Steward, Professor, Tattoo Artist, and Sexual Renegade|The great liberal betrayal of this generation is that in the name of liberalism, communal rights have been prioritized over individual autonomy within minority groups. And minorities within minorities really do suffer because of this betrayal. The people I really worry about when we have this conversation are feminist Muslims, gay Muslims, ex-Muslims—all the vulnerable and bullied individuals who are not just stigmatized but in many cases violently assaulted or killed merely for being against the norm.
Raewyn W. Connell, Gender: in world perspective|When did you know you were a girl? When did I know I was a boy?" he said. "I knew my whole life. I can't tell you exactly when, but it wasn't like I was ten and realized, 'Oh gee, I must be a boy!' What people fail to realize is they made that decision way earlier than that. It just happened that their gender identity and their anatomy matched.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Man in the Arena: Selected Writings|We are bound in honor to strive to bring ever nearer the day when, as far is humanly possible, we shall be able to realize the ideal that each man shall have an equal opportunity to show the stuff that is in him by the way in which he renders service.
Zdravko Čurdinjaković|Again, I've missed you by a minute
Aziz Hamza, Eterlimus|What happened is the least of it. It’s a novel, and once you’ve finished a novel, what happened in it is of little importance and soon forgotten. What matter are the possibilities and ideas that the novelist’s imaginary plot communicates to us and infuses us with, a plot that we recall far more vividly than real events and to which we pay far more attention.
Marty Rubin|Happiness is what matters, feeling alive-not art or knowledge or money.
Craig Martelle, Endure|When the dust settles and we look back,will we be okay with what we see?" End Times Alaska by Craig Martelle
Kate Elliott, Traitors' Gate|When we seek from Zen (or from any spiritual path) the fulfillment of our fantasies, we separate from the earth and sky, from our loved ones, from our aching backs and hearts, from the very soles of our feet. Such fantasies insulate us for a time; yet in ten thousand ways reality intrudes, and our lives become anxious scurrying, quiet desperation, confusing melodrama.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 21|I find things hidden in books: dried flowers, locks of hair, tickets, labels, receipt, invoices, photographs, postcards, all manner of cards. I find letters, unpublished works by the ordinary, the anguished, the illiterate. Clumsily written or eloquent, they are love letters, everyday letters, secret letters and mundane letters talking about fruit and babies and tennis matches, from people signing themselves as Majorie or Jean....I can't bring myself to dispose of these snippets and snapshots of lives that once meant (or still do mean) so much.
Friedrich Nietzsche|A forecasting game is a kind of simulation, a kind of scenario, a kind of teleconference, a kind of artifact from the future - and more - that enlists the participants as 'first-person forecasters.'
Stephen Batchelor, Buddhism without Beliefs: A Contemporary Guide to Awakening|​Now I'm awake to the world. I was asleep before. That's how we let it happen. When they slaughtered Congress, we didn't wake up. When they blamed terrorists and suspended the constitution, we didn't wake up then, either. Nothing changes instantaneously. In a gradually heating bathtub, you'd be boiled to death before you knew it.
Francis Collins|Mozart's music is like an X-ray of your soul - it shows what is there, and what isn't.
James M. Cain, Double Indemnity|I knew what it felt like to have no say in who you were as a sexual being. It didn’t just strip away your dignity. It stripped away everything you were: your identity, your self-respect, your pleasure. Because it was all about the pleasure of the other person take, take, taking whatever they wanted from you, even if it was uncomfortable, or caused you pain. Even if you died from it, the other person still wouldn’t care, because it was all about them.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 2: Get Some|We are unimportant creatures in this universe. We are all alone for the moment. Nobody has ever sent us any holy book or whatsoever. To survive in this universe we must first understand that nobody can help us, nobody but ourselves! To be important creatures in this universe means is to be able to shape this universe in such a way that our existence become everlasting!
Michael D. O'Brien, A Landscape with Dragons: The Battle for Your Child's Mind|The mind is powerful, and you have more control than you think.
Debasish Mridha|Build a relationship with your inner self, you will never feel alone.
Chelsea Handler|In the media age, everybody was famous for 15 minutes. In the Wikipedia age, everybody can be an expert in five minutes. Special bonus: You can edit your own entry to make yourself seem even smarter.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|The development of the “We Believe” philosophy must be real and not cosmetic. Everyone must buy in and understand that it is not a motivational tool, but rather something very personal that should be lived and that all must believe in order for true success to be achieved.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|When a stone is dropped into a pond, the water continues quivering even after the stone has sunk to the bottom.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|There are things done today in electrical science which would have been deemed unholy by the very man who discovered electricity, who would themselves not so long before been burned as wizards.
Becky Chambers|Nobody should be alone," Sissix said. "Being alone and untouched...there's no punishment worse than that. And she's done nothing wrong. She's just different.
Wataru Watari, やはり俺の青春ラブコメはまちがっている 1|The next time you find yourself getting angry, ask yourself: Is this really something I want to give my time and energy to? Will doing so make any positive impact? If your answer is no, consider redirecting that anger-energy as soon as possible! Find something to do that will feed your soul, fuel your fire, passion and creativity. Find something that will bring something new and positive to this world.
Theodore Zeldin|what a sad pair we are," she said. "Surely we can manage a conversation on a topic other than our respective terrible evenings.
Jo Nesbø, The Redeemer|The proverb warns that, 'You should not bite the hand that feeds you.' But maybe you should, if it prevents you from feeding yourself.
Dada Bhagwan|If the ‘effect’ is experienced, [karmic] bondage is created. If one experiences the ‘effects’ alone by himself, the [karmic] bondage will not be sticky. If he involves another person in it, the karmic bondage will be sticky.
Katie Taylor|Boxing should focus on pitting champion versus champion - those are the fights that everyone wants to see. The sports also needs to work on developing new heroes and personalities. I'd like to see more vignettes on fighters, focusing on their lives, goals and stories. Boxers need to be larger than life.
Henry Sweet|Language is the expression of ideas by means of speech-sounds combined into words. Words are combined into sentences, this combination answering to that of ideas into thoughts.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We cannot learn if we are stuck in our mind’s conditioned way of thinking. We must be open to discovering the Truth, whatever it may turn out to be. This requires a state of openness, curiosity, and sincerity, a state of pure awareness, a state of observing reality without jumping to conclusions about what reality is. This state of direct experience is known in Zen as “beginner’s mind,” and it is essential to embody this state when we want to understand our experience.
Becky Wicks, Before He Was Famous|Ew. Can you not talk about my dad ogling people? Scarlett Johansson may be gorgeous, but still.”“It’ll be a challenge, but I think I can refrain from licking the screen,” Brendan deadpanned, placing the wine bottle on the coffee table next to the bowl of popcorn before settling into the chair where he’d been working on his computer ea
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To be relevant, you must seek knowledge.
Naomi Watts|When I was a little boy I used to borrow my father's hat, and make a press card to stick in the hat band. That was the way reporters were always portrayed in the movies.
Hermann Hesse, Pictor's Metamorphoses and Other Fantasies|I thought I wanted caprice and fire, but it turns out that what I really want is someone who will wake me up early so I don't miss a sunrise.
Robert J. Sawyer|If the only option you leave poor people with is to resort to violence in order to survive, they’ll do just that. And there are lots more poor people in this world than there are rich ones.
Pico Iyer|Death undoes us less, sometimes, than the hope that it will never come.
Frank Herbert, Dune|[W]hile the use of non-lethal weapons such as tasers and LEDIs may not necessarily reduce the number of civilian casualties, they have been largely accepted as the humane alternative to deadly force because they make the use of force appear far less dramatic and violent than it has in the past.Contrast, for instance, the image of police officers beating Rodney King with billy clubs as opposed to police officers continually shocking a person with a taser. Both are severe forms of abuse. However, because the act of pushing a button is far less dramatic and visually arresting than swinging a billy club, it can come across as much more humane to the general public. This, of course, draws much less media coverage and, thus, less bad public relations for the police.
Dylan Anders Porter|You can set your mind to anything, just keep concentrating.
J. Wilbur Chapman|Anything that dims my vision of Christ, or takes away my taste for Bible study, or cramps my prayer life, or makes Christian work difficult, is wrong for me, and I must, as a Christian, turn away from it.
James Fredericks|Much of the vitality in a friendship lies in the honoring of differences, not simply in the enjoyment of similarities".
Paul Klobusicky|Destiny lies before, should we choose to pursue it
Christopher K. Abts|Th e average person spends much of his or her lifetime buildingfinancial security, but it can be lost, never to be regained. That’swhy you need to carefully assess your definition of financialsecurity and make sure it is realistic for the goals that you haveset. You can take the necessary steps to put that plan in place,and never lose that financial security, and to pass on your valuesand assets to the coming generations.
Nico J. Genes|I like nature and I enjoy walking through the forest admiring its beauty and breathing not just the fresh air but, also the quietness and peacefulness of the place. There I feel serene. I feel I am accepted just the way I am whenever I arrive and for as long as I stay. Yes, there it doesn’t matter how I look, what country I come from, if I am from rich or poor family, what is my education, income, religion, sexual orientation and color of skin. It doesn’t even care if my hair looks messy and whether I wear the latest fashion cloths.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The heart symbolizes the center of our moral, spiritual, and intellectual life. It is the seat of our conscience and life.
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|It's a troubling paradox - I have total control, but only to the extent I have control over myself.
Birgitte Hjort Sorensen|You have to get along with people, but you also have to recognize that the strength of a team is different people with different perspectives and different personalities.
John Madden|Sports has always been a pass-through. You pay for something, and then you pass it through to television, you pass it through to advertisers, or you pass it through to season-ticket holders, luxury boxes and then the fans. Then it all adds up, and you take in more than you pass out.
Pierce Brosnan|My dad used to hunt ducks, and my mom would put them in the pot. We lived really modestly. We had very little money.
Stefan Edberg|Who I was back then, when I started on 'One Tree Hill,' is so different from who I am now. Coming off Laguna, being 19 years old, and thrown into this odd, ridiculous spotlight, wasn't for me. There have always been haters, and people don't want to give you a chance or the benefit of the doubt, but this show gave me an opportunity.
K. Howard Joslin, Honest Wrestling: Questions of Faith When Attacked by Life|And all I could do while I listened to this dude tell me how punk rock saved his life was think, Wow. Why did my friend waste all that time going to chemotherapy? I guess we should have just played him a bunch of shitty Black Flag records.
Kristan Higgins|I love all kinds of movies. I love a really good comedy and not the cheesy ones. My parents hate this, but I love horror films. Those are my favorite, and of course, dramatic roles. I'm really drawn to those as well. All different genres.
Peter Ackroyd, Albion: The Origins of the English Imagination|A letter from a French cleric to Nicholas of St. Albans, written c. 1178, rehearsed what was already a familiar perception: Your island is surrounded by water, and not unnaturally its inhabitants are affected by the nature of the element in which they live. Unsubstantial fantasies slide easily into their minds. They think their dreams to be visions, and their visions to be divine. We cannot blame them, for such is the nature of their land. I have often noticed that the English are greater dreams than the French.
Moriah McStay, Everything That Makes You|If a fight looks like a lot of fun, you should be suspicious. 'If you ain't scared of standing up for what's right, you ain't standing up for much.
Karen Salmansohn|It is not that I don't have a fear of sharks, it is that I have a respect for them, so that I know any more than if I were to go into the jungle, I would have a fear of tigers, that I would try to lower the odds.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man’s life is the standard of morality, but your own life is its purpose . If existence on earth is your goal, you must choose your actions and values by the standard of that which is proper to man—for the purpose of preserving, fulfilling and enjoying the irreplaceable value which is your life.
Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry|You have perhaps heard some false reportsOn the subject of God. He is not dead; and he is not a fable. He is not mocked nor forgotten--Successfully. God is a lion that comes in the night. God is a hawk gliding among the stars--If all the stars and the earth, and the living flesh of the night that flows in between them, and whatever is beyond themWere that one bird. He has a bloody beak and harsh talons, he pounces and tears--And where is the German Reich? There alsoWill be prodigious America and world-owning China. I say that all hopes and empires will die like yours;Mankind will die, there will be no more fools; wisdom will die; the very stars will die;One fierce life lasts.
Kenneth Koch|The poet is at the edge of our consciousness of the world, finding beyond the suspected nothingness which we imagine limits our perception another acre or so of being worth our venturing upon.
Fred G. Gosman|The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.
Judy Schachner, Skippyjon Jones|October—You were sleeping so peacefully that I was loath to wake you. Duke Torquill, after demanding to know what I was doing in your apartment, has requested that I inform you of his intent to visit after ‘tending to some business at the Queen’s Court.’ I recommend wearing something clinging, as that may distract him from whatever he wishes to lecture you about this time. Hopefully, it’s your manners.You are truly endearing when you sleep. I attribute this to the exotic nature of seeing you in a state of silence.—Tybalt
Vivienne Westwood|Whenever I think of the high salaries we are paid as film actors, I think it is for the travel, the time away, and any trouble you get into through being well known. It's not for the acting, that's for sure.
Denis Villeneuve|To avoid the trap of Europe fragmenting on the economy, security, and identity, we have to return to the original promises of the European project: peace, prosperity and freedom. We should have a real, adult, democratic debate about the Europe we want.
Ambrose Bierce|Revolution, n. In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
Alex Avrio, The Alchemist's Box|War is not an art, boy. Send a hundred men over a hill and know that they won’t make it. Hold a drummer boy, cut open from groin to neck, guts spilling out as he cries for his mother, telling him it’s going to be all right. Make him believe you. Be his commanding officer, his god. Let him let his guard down and be kind enough to snap his neck. War is butchery. And I am the better butcher.
Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships|If you expect honesty, be honest. If you expect forgiveness, forgive. If you expect a whole person, you have to be a whole person.
Kay Redfield Jamison|When you get to your mid-20s, you start to feel responsibilities for the things that you do and the people around you. It's a cool age.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|[I]t is the writer's duty to write fiction which promotes virtue, the good, the beautiful, and above all, the true. ... It is the writer's duty to hate injustice, to defy the powerful, and to speak for the voiceless. To be ... the severest critics of our own societies.
Henry Petroski|Research has shown that it takes 31 days of conscious effort to make or break a habit. That means, if one practices something consistently for 31 days, on the 32nd day it does become a habit. Information has been internalised into behavioural change, which is called transformation.
Kate Seredy, The Chestry Oak|All we know, Midnight. The best of all we know. For Chestry Valley and its master we loved. For Nana. For Sugarloaf and Brimstone Farm. For Pop and Mom and Tom. For the foals to come. For yesterday and for all tomorrows, we dance the best we know. For good-by.
Carl Sandburg|A society should never become like a pond with stagnant water, without movement. That's the most important thing.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Love by the sweat of thy brow.Not through whispered words of hollow sound or lofty dreams ne’er substance bound that more than oft do run aground. Nay, love with mighty, blistered hands that turn the soil and carve the land. A bearer of toil and golden band. Be strong! A founder of the feast! Protective knight who slays the beast! For promises and vows aloud are naught but wispy veneer shroud like cobwebs, frail, the airy words and wooing fail. So work, my darling. Toil as proof. Thy loyal heart be drained of youth and yet beat on, incessant sound. Both feet take root within the ground, and service be thy kingly crown.Love by the sweat of thy brow.
Alexander Chase|I think everything worked out the way it was supposed to. Mark's happier. I'm sober. There are still phone calls to be made, people I need to say something to. But everyone from Creed who I've offended or hurt, I ask for their forgiveness.
Jennifer Lowery, Taking Chances|He sucked in a breath, his head snapping back from hers. Groaning as he filled her, she arched her back against him, her nipples stroking his chest with the movement. They weren't going to make it to the living room. "Wall or floor?" he managed.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|It would behoove you to have your thesis finely tuned and the logical arguments utilized in support of it tightly woven into a credible, and creatively persuasive tapestry.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|If the rowan's roots are shallow, it bears no crown.
Greg  Gordon, The Following of Christ|We contract with them.”“And demons –”“Are one of those group.”“Like, from Hell?”“Sometimes. And sometimes from Park Avenue.
Fergie|If you embrace 'positive thinking,' you are - by definition - spurning 'negative thinking.' So it's as if you were on a teeter-totter and are trying desperately to put all your weight on one side - the 'positive thinking' side.
Dries van Noten|In the design process, there's a need to be culturally comprehensive.
George Foreman|They'll take everything, even your tears.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Every student, Shadowhunter and mundane alike, knew the name Herondale. It was Jace’s last name. It was the name of heroes.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If you reconnect with nature and the wilderness you will not only find the meaning of life, but you will experience what it means to be truly alive.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|She observed the dumb-show by which her neighbour was expressing her passion for music, but she refrained from copying it. This was not to say that, for once that she had consented to spend a few minutes in Mme. de Saint-Euverte's house, the Princesse des Laumes would not have wished (so that the act of politeness to her hostess which she had performed by coming might, so to speak, 'count double') to shew herself as friendly and obliging as possible. But she had a natural horror of what she called 'exaggerating,' and always made a point of letting people see that she 'simply must not' indulge in any display of emotion that was not in keeping with the tone of the circle in which she moved, although such displays never failed to make an impression upon her, by virtue of that spirit of imitation, akin to timidity, which is developed in the most self-confident persons, by contact with an unfamiliar environment, even though it be inferior to their own. She began to ask herself whether these gesticulations might not, perhaps, be a necessary concomitant of the piece of music that was being played, a piece which, it might be, was in a different category from all the music that she had ever heard before; and whether to abstain from them was not a sign of her own inability to understand the music, and of discourtesy towards the lady of the house; with the result that, in order to express by a compromise both of her contradictory inclinations in turn, at one moment she would merely straighten her shoulder-straps or feel in her golden hair for the little balls of coral or of pink enamel, frosted with tiny diamonds, which formed its simple but effective ornament, studying, with a cold interest, her impassioned neighbour, while at another she would beat time for a few bars with her fan, but, so as not to forfeit her independence, she would beat a different time from the pianist's.
Clare Bell, Ratha's Courage|Real courage is being kind again, after you've felt that your kindness was thrown in your face. To risk it once more, or even twice more takes a special strength.
C.J. Redwine, Deception|I reach up and pat them both on the head. "Poor things. If you had a boy that looked like Logan, you'd be kissing him every chance you had, too.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|He said after a little while, 'I see why you say that only men do evil, I think. Even sharks are innocent, they kill because they must.' 'That is why nothing can resist us. Only one thing in the worl can resist an evil-hearted man. And that is another man. In our shame is our glory. Only our spirit, which is capable of evil, is capable of overcoming it.
Jennifer Arnett, Day One: A Novella|The mind is weak, and it must be mastered, controlled. The body, it knows no master save for instinct and, unfortunately, it is built for terminal suffering.
Lynna Kivela, My Sociopath: From Sociopath Parents to Loving Sociopaths to Waking Up|Narcissism: It's Primal. No Productive Control of Energy: Seeks constant fresh sources of stimulation and is highly energized running from human-object to human-object, activity to activity, but does not accomplish anything and never evolves or learns from activities and the many people recycled through.
Ahmed Zewail|My day job may be exhausting, but cooking is my peace. My dream is to have a big family with lots of grandkids. And we'll get together every Sunday for a hearty dinner at our house, and we'll all live in flavorful bliss, happily ever after.
J.M. Coetzee, Foe|In a world of chance is there a better and a worse? We yield to a stranger's embrace or give ourselves to the waves; for the blink of an eyelid our vigilance relaxes; we are asleep; and when we awake, we have lost the direction of our lives. What are these blinks of an eyelid, against which the only defence is an eternal and inhuman wakefulness? Might they not be the cracks and chinks through which another voice, other voices, speak in our lives? By what right do we close our ears to them? (Susan Barton)
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|To withhold words is power. But to share our words with others, openly and honestly, is also power.
Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters|Instead, we'd do what we always did, the only thing we'd ever been dependably stellar at: we'd read.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|WHAT IS TRUTH?Truth is not a thingOr a concept.It is as multidimensionalIn its meaningAs it is in its reflection.It is both invisibleAnd visible.It carries tons of weight,But can be carried.It is understood first through the spiritBefore science,And felt in the heart,Before the mind.Truth is not always heard by reason,Because reason sometimesIgnores Truth.Always listen to your conscience.Your conscience is your heartAnd reason is your mind.Your mind is simply there to reasonWith your heart.But remember,Truth is in your heart,And only through your heartCan you connect to the light of God.He who is not motivated by his heartWill not see Truth,And he who thinks only with his mindWill be blind to Truth.He who does not thinkWith his conscience,Does not stand by God,For the language of lightCan only be decoded by the heart.He who reads and recites words of GodAlso does not stand by God –If he merely understandsWords with his mindBut not his heart.Truth is black and white,And the entire spectrumOf colors in-between.It can have many parts,But has a solid foundation.Truth lacks perfection,For it is the reflection of all,Yet its reflection as a whole,Is more beautifulThan the accumulated flawsOf the small.Truth is the only brandWorth breathingAnd believing.So stand for truthIn everything you do,And only thenDoes your life haveMeaning.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Dion Boucicault|Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|Surrealism, then, neither aims to subvert realism, as does the fantastic, nor does it try to transcend it. It looks for different means by which to explore reality itself.
Dante Alighieri|If I ever reach heaven I expect to find three wonders there: first, to meet some I had not thought to see there; second, to miss some I had expected to see there; and third, the greatest wonder of all, to find myself there.
Marshall Vandruff|One reason that people have artist’s block is that they do not respect the law of dormancy in nature. Trees don’t produce fruit all year long, constantly. They have a point where they go dormant. And when you are in a dormant period creatively, if you can arrange your life to do the technical tasks that don’t take creativity, you are essentially preparing for the spring when it will all blossom again.
Michael Hayden|When the intelligence is making a policymaker too happy, he ought to challenge it, and even if he doesn't, the intelligence briefer needs to launch a red team against his own conclusions to see if he can hold his ground.
Scott  Gardiner, The Dominion of Wyley McFadden|Always smile , make everyone happy , It can change the way a day is going , even deep in your heart you are sad .
Seno Gumira Ajidarma, Ketika Jurnalisme Dibungkam Sastra Harus Bicara|People sometimes imagine that just because they have access to so many newspapers, radio and TV channels, they will get an infinity of different opinions. Then they discover that things are just the opposite: the power of these loudspeakers only amplifies the opinion prevalent at a certain time, to the point where it covers any other opinion.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|Willpower, though important in its own way, is never enough. In order for you to be truly powerful, you must open up and trust in something beyond yourself—something you cannot prove for certain.
Shannon L. Alder|You can't turn love off like a light switch. If you could it wouldn't be love. It is something that you keep on, until the bulb burns out or someone replaces it.
Ellie Goulding|I'd like a male to listen to my music and find it kind of fascinating, what a girl goes through when they get heartbroken or get sad or get hurt by something.
Quammen, David|If you wish to view this as a cautionary tale, be my guest.
Ariel Winter|I would have to say the person with whom I am most in love is definitely my son, Everly Bear. Although I'm his dad, I'm also his friend.
Howard Jacobson, J|Their lips touched now, mouths pursed tight, their eyes open, both of them stock still. The moment held, a kind of such glorious confusion.
George Orwell|And if our book consumption remains as low as it has been, at least let us admit that it is because reading is a less exciting pastime than going to the dogs, the pictures or the pub, and not because books, whether bought or borrowed, are too expensive.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|You do me proud, Captain. But, dear, I want to say one thing and then I'm done; for you don't need much advice of mine after my good man has spoken. I read somewhere that every inch of rope in the British Navy has a strand of red in it, so wherever a bit of it is found it is known. That is the text of my little sermon to you. Virtue, which means honour, honesty, courage, and all that makes character, is the red thread that marks a good man wherever he is. Keep that always and everywhere, so that even if wrecked by misfortune, that sign shall still be found and recognized. Yours is a rough life, and your mates not all we could wish, but you can be a gentleman in the true sense of the word; and no matter what happens to your body, keep your soul clean, your heart true to those who love you, and do your duty to the end.
Mia Hamm, Go For the Goal: A Champion's Guide To Winning In Soccer And Life|But how a game plan came to be, what a finished plan looked like, I had no idea. I’d heard that all copies were shredded as soon as the game was over.
Matthew Haldeman-Time, Off the Record|Old Madame du Deffand and her friends talked for fifty years without stopping. And of it all, what remains? Perhaps three witty sayings. So that we are at liberty to suppose either that nothing was said, or that nothing witty was said, or that the fraction of three witty sayings lasted eighteen thousand two hundred and fifty nights, which does not leave a liberal allowance of wit for any one of them.
Pierce Brown, Morning Star|Robert Neville looked out over the new people of the earth. He knew he did not belong to them; he knew that, like the vampires, he was anathema and black terror to be destroyed. And, abruptly, the concept came, amusing to him even in his pain. ... Full circle. A new terror born in death, a new superstition entering the unassailable fortress of forever. I am legend.
Mark Twain|A big leather-bound volume makes an ideal razorstrap. A thing book is useful to stick under a table with a broken caster to steady it. A large, flat atlas can be used to cover a window with a broken pane. And a thick, old-fashioned heavy book with a clasp is the finest thing in the world to throw at a noisy cat.
Dee Brown|There's my education in computers, right there; this is the whole thing, everything I took out of a book.
Jenna Brooks, October Snow|When it was too late for rescue, it was still early enough for revenge.
Lauren Kate, Rapture|History can be rewritten, but at what cost?
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Simply put, the relative age of a philosophical perspective has nothing to do with its veracity. It is pure illusion to imagine that just because a view of life was held and put to words long ago, that it is more valid.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Living Buddha, Living Christ|We often think of peace as the absence of war, that if powerful countries would reduce their weapon arsenals, we could have peace. But if we look deeply into the weapons, we see our own minds- our own prejudices, fears and ignorance. Even if we transport all the bombs to the moon, the roots of war and the roots of bombs are still there, in our hearts and minds, and sooner or later we will make new bombs. To work for peace is to uproot war from ourselves and from the hearts of men and women. To prepare for war, to give millions of men and women the opportunity to practice killing day and night in their hearts, is to plant millions of seeds of violence, anger, frustration, and fear that will be passed on for generations to come. 
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|Get rid of your useless ceremonials and be educated like your ancient ancestors – Aryabhatta, Brahmagupta, Susruta and others. Make education your purpose of life and spread it among the masses.
S. Spencer Baker, Slabscape: Reset|mystery is not founded in ignorance, mystery is founded in imagination
Christopher Hitchens|I think it's child abuse to have someone in the public eye too young. Society basically values wealth and fame and power at the cost of well-being. In the case of a child, it's at the cost of someone's natural development. It's already hard enough to develop.
Nancy J. Cavanaugh, This Journal Belongs to Ratchet|A FriendSomeoneYou're happy to see,Who's happy to see you.SomeoneYou like for who they areNot just for what they can do for you.
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|Fairy tales represent hundreds of years of stories based on thousands of years of stories told by hundreds, thousands, perhaps even millions of tellers.
Sunday Adelaja|While we as people of  God are certainly called to feed the hungry and clothe the naked, that whole "we're blessed to be a blessing" thing can still be kind of dangerous. It can be dangerous when we self-importantly place ourselves above the world, waiting to descend on those below so we can be the "blessing" they've been waiting for, like it or not.
Lorri Faye|Sometimes change isn't what we want, but it might be what we need. Not everything is meant to last forever.
Rollis Fontenot Jr, Growing Up When Times Were Simple|To Howard Goodkin, for the immense work he did in his short life so Hispanic children can stand tall and proud.
Mark Twain, Life on the Mississippi|Now and then we had a hope that if we lived and were good, God would permit us to be pirates.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|The seventeenth century is everywhere a time in which the state's power over everything individual increases, whether that power be in absolutist hands or may be considered the result of a contract, etc. People begin to dispute the sacred right of the individual ruler or authority without being aware that at the same time they are playing into the hands of a colossal state power.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|PATCHES' OF AUTHORITYPreteens Adhere, Teens Challenge, Hideout, Elderly ShunKamil Ali
Jack Gilbert|DuendeI can't remember her name.It's not as though I've been in bedwith that many women.The truth is I can't even rememberher face. I kind of know how strongher thighs were, and her beauty.But what I won't forgetis the way she tore openthe barbecued chicken with her hands,and wiped the grease on her breasts.
Joe Reyes, Aftermath|He doesn't trust people because he knows they are all the same. Everyone cares about their own survival and nothing else, just like him. Since he is more than willing to kill for it, so are they. After all, he has endured through all these years, leading him to be alone, it was the only conclusion that made sense.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash.
Cote de Pablo|Beauty does not linger; it only visits. Yet beauty's visitation affects us and invites us into its rhythm; it calls us to feel, think and act beautifully in the world: to create and live a life that awakens the Beautiful. A life without delight is only half a life.
Francis A. Schaeffer, How Should We Then Live? The Rise and Decline of Western Thought and Culture|You could string a hundred endless days together,My soul would find no comfort from this pain.You laugh at my tale? You may be educatedBut you haven’t learned to love till you’re insane
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Because we feel ourselves to be separate from the world in which we live, we have also grown to feel quite alone in this world. Our sense of loneliness and isolation not only makes us feel depressed and miserable, but it also causes us to be anxious and afraid of the world and everyone in it. Because of this inherent fear, we put up all kinds of barriers to protect us from the world—barriers that we have created to keep us safe, but that really end up making us feel more alone, more miserable, and more afraid, as they prevent us from being our natural selves.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Jena took a seat on the sofa, and Cole found himself with another dilemma. Should he sit next to her or take the other chair? Such a decision shouldn’t feel momentous, but it did. It felt as momentous as a choice between the past and the future.	It felt like a choice between friendship and maybe more than friendship.	He sat next to her on the sofa.
Darynda Jones, The Dirt on Ninth Grave|The regular I both feared and salivated to see was names Reyes Farrow. Where others exuded aggression, deception, and insecurity, he literally dripped confidence, sex, and power. Mostly sex.
Arash Tabish|Something which is very much common in our society and our world at these days is that everyone worried and busy about stopping terrorism, let me to tell you that, Yes there is an easy way to stop Terrorism and that is by stop supporting terrorism, as we know everyone of us is responsible for our own future, we can make our future brighter or darker, we can make sure that we will have a peaceful future or a future full of problems and war, so we need to stop supporting terrorism and stop participating in it, cause we need to accept the fact that most of us from one way or another way supporting and participating terrorism so please stop supporting terrorism, Let's be positive and have hope for a better future and most important we need to refuse pick up guns and go war, remember we need to stay human cause i believe human Should not kill human. Let's refuse to pick up guns, go war and kill our fellow human beings.
Helen Fisher|A romantic or classical view of the French approach would have been to say, 'It's a French company; let no one attack it. Let's block any merger. But the reality is Alcatel-Lucent is not a French company; it's a global company. Its main markets are China and the U.S. Its ownership is foreign; most of its managers aren't French.
Danail Hristov, The End of the Jesus Era|Life continues even if no one has proven to us the shape and size of the Earth, even if no one has informed us about the composition of air and the depth of sky.We will not float in weightlessness simply because we have not read the lesson on gravity.
Mark Waid, Daredevil, Volume 7|Though death might still the show, life would be the most critiqued act of our existence. Own your stage.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|People die, I think, but your relationship with them doesn't. It continues and is ever-changing.
Sōseki Natsume|People may make fun of me because I’m wearing something odd, but it’s still good to be alive.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Handshakes, Hugs & Other Touching. Learning how to touch appropriately can elevate your presentation, demonstrate respect, and convey confidence.
Craig Johnson|Way back before you were born, Calla and Persephone and I were messing around with things we probably shouldn't have been messing around with--""Drugs?""Rituals. Are you messing around with drugs?""No. But maybe rituals""Drugs might be better.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|What a boon to live on the water! Such delicious shades and hues! This is a template worthy of the greatest painters. The textures of sand and stone could inspire incomparable sculptures, and the sounds - the steady lapping of the waves, the sweet chirping of the birds, make this a sanctuary.
Xavier de Maistre, Journey Around My Room and a Nocturnal Expedition Around My Room|Ephemeral spectator of an eternal spectacle, man raises for a second his eyes to Heaven, and closes them for ever; but, during that rapid second that is granted to him, from all the quarters of Heaven, and from the outer limits of the Universe, a consoling ray darts from each world and meets his eyes, to announce to him that some connection exists between him and infinity, and that even he is linked to eternity.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|Life is all about practicing for heaven." p 101.
Helmut Kohl|If I'm lucky, in my wildest dreams I can make a picture every three years.
Ron White|You need a good, healthy diet - it's about finding out what your body needs. Sugar is a disaster for skin, as is white flour.
Haruki Murakami, Kino|Sovereignty, loyalty, and solitude.
Debasish Mridha|Let it go with love, you will never lose anything.
Neil Patrick Harris|Too many leaders are so caught up in the momentum of work that they lose sight of the opportunity to connect with people. I discovered that the more fully present I was with other people, the more fully present they were with me, and the more productive our relationship became over time.
Jane Austen, MANSFIELD PARK By Jane Austen (illustrated) Original Version: 1814 (illustrated) Original Version By Jane Austen|I do not know where the error lies. I do not pretend to set people right, but I do see they are often wrong.
Emily Giffin|You are a Lightwood," Cecily said. "You stayed because you were loyal to your family name. It is not cowardice.""Wasn't it? Is loyalty still a commendable quality when it is misdirected?"Cecily opened her mouth, then closed it again. Gabriel was looking for her, his eyes shining in the moonlight. He seemed genuinely desperate to hear her answer. She wondered if he had anyone else to talk to. She could see how it might be terrifying to take one's moral qualms to Gideon; he seemed so staunch, as if he never questioned himself in his life and would not understand those who did."I think," she said, choosing her words with care, "that any good impulse can be twisted into something evil. Look at the Magister. He does what he does because he hates the Shadowhunters, out of loyalty to his parents, who cared for him, and who were killed. It is not beyond the realm of understanding. And yet nothing excuses the result. I think when we make choices-for each choice is individual of the choices we have made before-we must examine not only our reasons for making them but what result they will have, and whether good people will be hurt by our decisions.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|You cannot, it seems, let children run about the streets. People who have seen them running wild in Russia say that the sight is not a pleasant one.
Gena Showalter, Animal Instincts|Ten Things You Shouldn't Say on a Date.1. You're wearing that?2. Something smells funny.3. Where's the Tylenol?4. And to think, I first wanted to date your brother.5. I have a confession to make…6. My dad has a suit just like that.7. That man is hot. Look at him.8. My ex, may he rot in hell forever…9. You're going to order that? Seriously?10. You're how old?
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|If you can change the way people think, she said.The way they see themselves.The way they see the world.If you do that, you can change the way people live their lives.And that's the only lasting thing you can create.
Deyth Banger|If your life itself is not a message then no matter what you preach, your preaching will become a hypocrisy.
Meredith Russo, If I Was Your Girl|I felt guilty all of a sudden, as if just by existing and talking to him I was leading him on.
Vinita Kinra|We must all understand that life holds a lot of broken bits and pieces. We have storms and trials and sometimes fall flat on our face. It is how we are able to create something from this that will enable us to love ourselves more. It will help us to feel complete, whole and beautiful and allow us to soar.
bell hooks, remembered rapture: the writer at work|No black woman writer in this culture can write "too much". Indeed, no woman writer can write "too much"...No woman has ever written enough.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|She had no time for sleep, with the weight of the world upon her shoulders. And she feared to dream. Sleep is a little death, dreams the whisperings of the Other, who would drag us all into his eternal night.
Jacques Philippe, Interior Freedom|No circumstance in the world can ever prevent us from believing in God, from placing all our trust in him, from loving him with our whole heart, or from loving our neighbor. Faith, hope, and charity are absolutely free, because if they are rooted in us deeply enough, they are able to draw strength from whatever opposes them! If someone sought to prevent us from believing by persecuting us, we always would retain the option of forgiving our enemies and transforming the situation of oppression into one of greater love. If someone tried to silence our faith by killing us, our deaths would be the best possible proclamation of our faith! Love, and only love, can overcome evil by good and draw good out of evil.
Sherwood Anderson, Poor White|He wondered if he should try to talk to the boy like that. Perhaps the boy wondered why he didn't. But they had silence, and not many people had that.
Jane Austen, Emma|She looked back as well as she could; but it was all confusion. She had taken up the idea, she supposed and made everything bend to it.
Abu Bakr|I understand Tea Partyers' anger with the system, but they are in way over their heads and often racially motivated, and I can't be part of that.
John Powell, Will the Real Me Please Stand Up?: 25 Guidelines for Good Communication|When Marconi suggested the possibility of wireless transmission of sound (the radio),he was committed to a mental institution. But people like Lincoln, Edison, and Marconi were strongly motivated. So they didn't give up. They somehow knew that the only real failure is the one from which we learn nothing. They seemed to go on the assumption that there is no failure greater than the failure of not trying, and so they continued to try in the face of repeated failures.
Titus Lucretius Carus, On the Nature of Things|Furthermore, as the body suffers the horrors of disease and the pangs of pain, so we see the mind stabbed with anguish, grief and fear. What more natural than that it should likewise have a share in death?
Shane Carruth|'Harlem: The Unmaking of a Ghetto' is a surprise and a fresh way of looking at Harlem, connecting the black district with the architecture of its historical past.
J.Z. Colby, Journey|Some photographers could vomit on a piece of paper and call it art, you know... Hang it in the Guggenheim, or whatever. Sell a print for two hundred pounds? But I can't do that. I just-- Maybe I have too much respect for walls... or something.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|For once the commodities have been sold that were already on the market when their price was authoritatively fixed at a level below that demanded by the situation of the market, then the emptied store-rooms are not filled again. Charging more than a certain price is prohibited, but producing and selling has not been made compulsory. There are no longer any sellers. The market ceases to function. But this means that economic organization based on division of labour becomes impossible. The level of money-prices cannot be fixed without overthrowing the system of social division of labour.
Julia Child|It's one thing to lose weight, but it's another thing to eat healthy.
Edwin Thumboo, The Best of Edwin Thumboo|OnceThere was a quiet island,With a name.You must believe me When I say that sunlight, Impure but beautiful, Broke upon the bay, silveredThe unrepentant, burning moon.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Increasingly, we will be faced with a choice: whether to keep the oceans for wild fish or farmed fish. Farming domesticated species in close proximity with wild fish will mean that domesticated fish always win. Nobody in the world of policy appears to be asking what is best for society, wild fish or farmed fish. And what sort of farmed fish, anyway? Were this question to be asked, and answered honestly, we might find that our interests lay in prioritizing wild fish and making their ecosystems more productive by leaving them alone enough of the time.
Ray A. Davis|The tribe often thinks the visionary has turned his back on them. When, in fact, the visionary has simply turned his face to the future.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Your purpose, and its specific expressions, expands and accelerates as it becomes more similar to Nature’s purpose. The tools you need to apply it you collect along the path in discovering what that is. Time is there to provide you with the “opportunities” to find more creative responses to things like frustration, confusion and self-righteousness. As you gently, oh so gently and delicately, adjust to the requirements that exist in your actual circumstance, you are given the tools needed to surpass them.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Helda's been trying to impress me with the embroidery on the sheets. One more minute and I thought I might use them to hang myself.""My mother did the embroidery," Bittterblue said.Katsa clapped her mouth shut and glared at Helda. "Thank you, Helda, for mentioning that detail.
Annabeth Nash, Wild Pursuit|This is where being a modern woman can be very confusing. Half of me was annoyed that Quinn felt I needed protecting and the other half of me loved that he wanted to do it. Go figure.” Rosa Wild, "Wild Pursuit
Peter S. Beagle, The Fantasy Worlds of Peter Beagle|After the third [San Miguel], I am likely to announce that all writing is fantasy anyway: that to set any event down in print is immediately to begin to lie about it, thank goodness; and that it's no less absurd and presumptuous to try on the skin of a bank teller than that of a Bigfoot or a dragon.
Kristen Simmons, Article 5|You could hold me and I could hold you. And it would be so peaceful. Completely peaceful. Like the feeling of sleep, but awake in it together.
Susan Ertz, Anger in the Sky|Back and forth from Brooklyn to Manhattan. New York at night, from its bridges, is a miracle. When I first came to the city, it took all my fantasies and set them on fire, turned them into flickering constellations of light. Then it did the same with my history. As a dark speck of energy hurtling over the water toward that galaxy, I felt myself disappear. Relative to the image of infinity I was nothing, a clump of quantum matter skidding through the ether. It was as good as any drug.
Philip Reeve|Her face was very beautiful, he thought. He hadn't been sure before, but he was now. The mind that lived behind it made it beautiful, the same way that the flame inside a lantern makes the lantern beautiful.
Russell Brand|Some people were just getting on with their lives, chatting, being young. It simply wouldn't do.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|Tonight, I decided to take a stroll down to my local liquor store. Maybe I’ll find a refreshment to wash down this full moon. I hate showing up & the clerk fucking knows my name, perhaps because I’m a regular. Anyways got my shit, left…barely covering the tax. Took the long way home; to get away from that haunting typewriter. Sat down at some park bench, as I started to open my poison; A memory rushed into me. A empty bottle of Jack Daniel’s under the Christmas tree. I thought my dad would want another drink, so started to pour my bottle into the dirt & cried.
Voltaire|Back in the 1970s, Kodak tried to give $25m to a black civil rights organisation in Rochester, New York. The company's shareholders rose up in arms: making this politically charged offering wasn't the reason they had entrusted Kodak with their money. The donation was withdrawn.
Samuel F. Pickering Jr.|At that shameful stage in the development of our criticism, literary abuse would overstep all limits of decorum; literature itself was a totally extraneous matter in critical articles: they were pure invective, a vulgar battle of vulgar jokes, double-entendres, the most vicious calumnies and offensive constructions. It goes without saying, that in this inglorious battle, the only winners were those who had nothing to lose as far as their good name was concerned. My friends and I were totally deluded. We imagined ourselves engaged in the subtle philosophical disputes of the portico or the academy, or at least the drawing room. In actual fact we were slumming it.
Toni Sorenson|If you have no armsTo hold your crying child but your own armsAnd no legs but your own to run the stairs one more timeTo fetch what was forgottenI bow to youIf you have no vehicleTo tote your wee one but the wheels that you driveAnd no one else to worry, “Is my baby okay?”When you have to say goodbye on the doorsteps of daycareor on that cursed first day of schoolI bow to youIf you have no skill but your own skillTo replenish an ever-emptying bank accountAnd no answers but your own toSatisfy the endless whys, hows, and whens your child asks and asks againI bow to youIf you have no tongue to tell the truthTo keep your beloved on the path without a precipiceAnd no wisdom to impartExcept the wisdom that you’ve acquiredI bow to youIf the second chair is emptyAcross the desk from a scornful, judging authority waitingFor your child’s father to appearAnd you straighten your spine where you sitAnd manage to smile and say, “No one else is coming—I’m it.”Oh, I bow to youIf your head aches when the spotlight finally shineson your child because your hands are the only hands there to applaudI bow to youIf your heart aches because you’ve given until everything in you is goneAnd your kid declares, “It’s not enough.”And you feel the crack of your own soul as you whisper,“I know, baby. But it’s all mama’s got.”Oh, how I bow to youIf they are your life while you are their nurse, tutor, maidBread winner and bread baker,Coach, cheerleader and teammate…If you bleed when your child falls downI bow, I bow, I bowIf you’re both punisher and huggerAnd your own tears are drowned out by the running of the bathroom faucetbecause children can’t know that mamas hurt tooOh, mother of mothers, I bow to you.—Toni Sorenson
Caity Lotz|We are in the midst of a momentous catastrophe of world history, of a transformation of all aspects of life and of the entire inner human being This is perhaps fortunate for the artistic person, if he is strong enough to bear the consequences, because what we need is the courage to have inner experience.
Randa Manning-Johnson|Some females are so "pretty", that all they have are their looks. Don't allow your attitude and ego to deduct from your pretty ladies. No matter how cute you think you are... your attitude can make you ugly real quick.
Tim Harford, Adapt: Why Success Always Starts with Failure|I think making mistakes and discovering them for yourself is of great value, but to have someone else to point out your mistakes is a shortcut of the process.
Sunday Adelaja|When you love God for real, you will love His creation
Alva Noë|The widest cause of secularization may be the steady change of thinking so that there is the expectation that reason and a consideration of cause and effect will help with explanations. Supernatural power began to be removed from explanations of the process of life or society in the seventeenth century, and although there may be a nod towards astrology or the crossed finger today, superstition is not seriously used in decision making. ... Scientific thinking, which similarly developed in the seventeenth century, has been influential in bringing this change. We now see that tornadoes and earthquakes have rational explanations in terms of climatology and seismology rather than as divine punishments. Most people when deciding whether to take a new job, embark on a divorce, or simply plan a holiday will not seek divine guidance, but rather discuss with themselves or others the issues of cause and effect.
Philip Mauro|I had no knowledge of divine help, and all the world lost faith in gradual progress.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|There is a reason life has put you in the current circumstances,Life will always test you, it will always try to make you stronger.Life only wants you to be better then you were yesterday.
Adam Grant, Originals|Having a sense of security in one realm gives us the freedom to be original in another. By covering our bases financially, we escape the pressure to publish half-baked books, sell shoddy art, or launch untested businesses. When
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|For a woman, all resurrection, all salvation, from whatever perdition, lies in love; in fact, it is her only way to it.
John    Hennessy|Would you teach me, Seth?’Seth smiled and leaned back in his seat. ‘You do realise, of course, that you have no idea what you ask of me?’ Seth replied after a moment.‘Of course,’ Christopher replied quietly. ‘Could you tell me?’‘No. That is the problem you see,’ Seth said. ‘Magic is something you can never prepare someone for. Magic will make you, Christopher. It will find all the secret empty places of longing in you and fill them more surely than any other love. And magic will break your heart.’ A slight, rather sad smile crossed Christopher’s face for a moment. ‘I know what you’re thinking. You think your heart is already broken, you think that this crooked and winding way is the only path left for you now. But you’re wrong. The heart breaks like every wave on the beach and there’s a darkness you’ll have to pass through that you can’t even see from where you are now.
Timothy Findley, Not Wanted On The Voyage|In the dark that followed - Lucy said; "where I was born, the trees were always in the sun. And I left that place because it was intolerant of rain. Now, we are here in a place where there are no trees and there is only rain. And I intend to leave this place - because it is intolerant of light. Somewhere - there must be somewhere where darkness and light are reconciled. So I am starting a rumour, here and now, of yet another world. I don't know when it will present itself - I don't know where it will be. But - as with all those other worlds now past when it is ready, I intend to go there.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to do research, to approach the study of the issue from all sides
Carolyn Crane|Most people think happiness is about gaining something, but it's not. It's all about getting rid of the darkness you accumulate.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have strength, why won’t you work?
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Enemy-occupied territory---that is what this world is. Christianity is the story of how the rightful king has landed, you might say landed in disguise, and is calling us to take part in a great campaign of sabotage.
Matthew Polly, American Shaolin: Flying Kicks, Buddhist Monks, and the Legend of Iron Crotch: An Odyssey in the New China|There are no good men among the living, and no bad ones among the dead
Wayne W. Dyer|When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Glenn Greenwald|...Americans didn’t stick to cities, which makes us different from the people in other industrialized countries. We no sooner arrived in town, turning those towns into great mid-century metropolises, than we decided to take off for the green world beyond, so that by the 1970 Census, we had become the first suburban nation in the history of the world. And Detroit led the way, with a population curve up and down just like everywhere else, but with its urban decline a lot steeper over the past sixty years—so typical a place that it only looks like an exception.
M.B. Dallocchio|Love and hate, despite their polar opposites, are both feelings that are induced by passion. I can handle that. It’s the indifference I don’t know how to process.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|Macy: “In Truth,” I said, “there are no rules other than you have to tell the truth.”Wes: “How do you win?” he askedMacy: “That,” I said, “is such a boy question.
Amy Zhang|No one explains this to you, he thought. That there are so many things without solution.
Esteban Urayoán|I always fill the chat box, almost every day, and end up deleting my heart.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|One of the ways that your project, your personal healing, or your social invention can change the world is through story. But even if no one ever learns of it, even if it is invisible to every human on Earth, it will have no less of an effect.
|To whoever it is that is going through a heart break or a disappointing experience, stay strong and always remember that time accompanied with repeated positive interpretations are the best healers.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In times of trouble, may the Lord keep you safe.
Sunday Adelaja|There is, though I do not know how there is or why there is, a sense of infinite peace and protection in the glittering hosts of heaven. There is must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, and not in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever is more than animal within us must find its solace and its hope. I hope, or I could not live. And so, in hope and solitude, my story ends.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Do you know what a fate map is in biology? It’s a map of which cells in an embryo should develop into which specific adult tissues. But what they should develop into isn’t necessarily what they actually do develop into. They can be manipulated, or change on their own, and end up as something completely different from what they were fated for.
Epicurus|When, therefore, we maintain that pleasure is the end, we do not mean the pleasures of profligates and those that consist in sensuality, as is supposed by some who are either ignorant or disagree with us or do not understand, but freedom from pain in the body and from trouble in the mind. For it is not continuous drinkings and revelings, nor the satisfaction of lusts, nor the enjoyment of fish and other luxuries of the wealthy table, which produce a pleasant life, but sober reasoning, searching out the motives for all choice and avoidance, and banishing mere opinions, to which are due the greatest disturbance of the spirit.
Charles R. Mackriel|The thing about pain, whether physical or emotional, is there's no running away. You can't escape it and you can't hide from it. Not by ignoring it, not by drugging it, not by doing a swan dive into a bottle. Sooner or later you'll have to take a breath, let the pain rush in and get to the other side like your life depends on it. Because it does.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Sonnets to Orpheus|Let This Darkness Be a Bell TowerQuiet friend who has come so far,feel how your breathing makes more space around you.Let this darkness be a bell towerand you the bell. As you ring,what batters you becomes your strength.Move back and forth into the change.What is it like, such intensity of pain?If the drink is bitter, turn yourself to wine.In this uncontainable night,be the mystery at the crossroads of your senses,the meaning discovered there.And if the world has ceased to hear you,say to the silent earth: I flow.To the rushing water, speak: I am.
Charlotte Eriksson|I have rooted myself into this quiet place where I don’t need much to get by. I need my visions. I need my books. I need new thoughts and lessons, from older souls, bars, whisky, libraries; different ones in different towns. I need my music. I need my songs. I need the safety of somewhere to rest my head at night, when my eyes get heavy. And I need space. Lots of space. To run, and sing, and change around in any way I please—outer or inner—and I need to love. I need the space to love ideas and thoughts; creations and people—anywhere I can find—and I need the peace of mind to understand it.
Michael Bloomberg|I feel like looking in the mirror when you brush your teeth, yes, I see lines, and then I smile and I see things here and there. But that's just, you know, you - that's your journey, you know?
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|Humility is just as much the opposite of self-abasement as it is of self-exaltation. To be humble is not to make comparisons. Secure in its reality, the self is neither better nor worse, bigger nor smaller, than anything else in the universe. It *is*--is nothing, yet at the same time one with everything. It is in this sense that humility is absolute self-effacement.To be nothing in the self-effacement of humility, yet, for the sake of the task, to embody its whole weight and importance in your earing, as the one who has been called to undertake it. To give to people, works, poetry, art, what the self can contribute, and to take, simply and freely, what belongs to it by reason of its identity. Praise and blame, the winds of success and adversity, blow over such a life without leaving a trace or upsetting its balance.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage|That's what I believe. I believe that universe wants to be noticed. I think the universe is improbably biased toward consciousness, that it rewards intelligence in part because the universe enjoys its elegance being observed. And who am I, living in the middle of history, to tell the universe that it-or my observation of it-is temporary?
Toni Morrison|She is a friend of mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions | Uns|What makes someone irresistible,is not their looks, but the way they can make your mind tickle,your heart race and your soul smile, all at once.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|Delirious as it can be, sex is only one kind of intimacy, and yet has become the cultural catchment area for all kinds of needs because our understanding of intimacy is so poor. Brutal work schedules, related geographic isolation, and the concomitant fracturing of families has meant that there is little time for intimacy, and even less to teach the necessary skills. But intimacy, the axis of romance, is slow, based on the sharing of a life rather than show. In terms of intimacy, folding laundry together or sharing the feeding of a child can have more impact than the most extravagant bouquet.
Edith Wharton|One of the great things about travel is you find out how many good, kind people there are.
Patrick Stewart|People ask me how it happens that my children are all so promptly obedient and so happy. As if it chanced that some parents have such children or chanced that some have not! I am afraid it is only too true, as someone has remarked, that "this is the age of obedient parents!" What then will be the future of their children? How can they yield to God who have never been taught to yield to human authority? And how well fitted will they be to rule their own households who have never learned to rule themselves?
Stan Sakai|I traveled to Morocco once, and I only saw one television when I was there, but I did go into this dirt cave and I saw this kid chopping tomatoes and pita, and he had a picture on the wall of Jean-Claude Van Damme holding a gun. That connected with him on the other side of the world, so no wonder these big movies are made - they have a mass appeal.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|He pulled out handcuffs and snapped them around my wrists. "Where's your bag? You didn't bring your staff?""I have it. It's hidden." Charlie was currently tucked inside the leg of my Harry Potter pajama bottoms, which were beneath my jeans, but that fell under the category of TMI.
Klaus Kinski|Every time you use the word 'healthy,' you lose. The key is to make yummy, delicious food that happens to be healthy.
Meghan Wier, Confessions of an Introvert: The Shy Girl's Guide to Career, Networking and Getting the Most Out of Life|It is not always a bad thing for you to be challenged by life and to struggle; however, as you go through these times, you have to be careful not to lose yourself in the process.
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|I discovered in nature the non utilitarian delights that I sought in art. Both were a form of magic, both were a game of intricate enchantment and deception.
Anselm Kiefer|September 11 was terrible but, if one goes back over the history of the IRA, what happened to the Americans wasn't that terrible.
Gemma Jackson, Through Streets Broad and Narrow|A library — a place full of books! Imagine!" Ivy couldn't imagine a place closer to heaven. Think of all the books you could read!
Kimberly Karalius, Love Fortunes and Other Disasters|Librarians were like guardian angels, with graying hair and beady eyes, magnified through reading glasses, and always read to recommend new literary windows to gaze through.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|As one man said, "I got a pretty good education. It took me years to get over it." That's what spirituality is all about, you know: unlearning. Unlearning all the rubbish they taught you.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I mean the women who, without any of the prerogatives of youth and beauty, demand continual slavery from their men....They sit back complacently and watch their husbands slave for them; and, without furnishing any of the pleasantries of life for their husbands, they demand the sort of continual attention that a charming fiancée might get....They are harridans and shrews who continually nag and scold until the men are driven idiotic.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|With every breath, I breathe in so much of inspiration. I feel if there is one thing as free and as important as oxygen, it's inspiration.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|You see it is important to understand how damaged people don’t always know how to say yes, or to choose the big thing, even when it is right in front of them. It’s a shame we carry. The shame of wanting something good. The shame of feeling something good. The shame of not believing we deserve to stand in the same room in the same way as all those we admire. Big red As on our chests. I never thought to myself growing up, be a lawyer. An astronaut. The President. A scientist. A doctor. An architect. I didn’t even think, be a writer. Aspiration gets stuck in some people. It’s difficult to think yes. Or up. When all you feel is fight or run.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Let your body work until it is spent, but keep your mind to yourself.
Carol Cassella, Oxygen|It is amazing, though, what pains your subconscious will undergo in achieve sustainable peace.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|It is amazing, the number of business executives and senior leaders who get to be appointed and elevated to positions of authority on the basis of technical competences whilst lacking essential grooming on basic good manners and customs of conduct that must come from the home training process.
Ralph Moody|Son, there are times a man has to do things he doesn't like to, in order to protect his family.
William Hazlitt|The Bible may be the truth, but it is not the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Joseph Addison|We talk about what's important to Hispanics: education, family, creating an environment in which you can achieve what you want to achieve because there aren't going to be obstacles in your way.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|[Hearing] was distinct from listening, which could only be achieved when hearing was combined with giving a shit.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A truly good person will speak truth, act with truth, and stand for Truth. A truly good person is not afraid to think from their heart; therefore, allowing nonconformist decisions, viewpoints, and perspectives to lead their life. By following their heart, they stand with their conscience, and only with God.
David Foster Wallace, Brief Interviews with Hideous Men|Okay, you know, is it weird to get so depressed watching a children’s Christmas special— Oh, wait, I shouldn’t say that. I mean, that’s not a good word. It’s not just “sadness,” the way one feels sad at a film or a funeral. It’s more of a plummeting quality. Or the way, you know, the way that light gets in winter just before dusk, or the way she is with me. All right, at the height of lovemaking, you know, the very height, when she’s starting to climax, and she’s really responding to you now, you know, her eyes widening in that way that’s both, you know, surprise and recognition, which not a woman alive could fake or feign if you really look intently at her, really see her. And I don’t know, this moment has this piercing sadness to it, of the loss of her in her eyes. And as her eyes, you know, widen to their widest point and as she begins to climax and arch her back, they close. You know, shut, the eyes do. And I can tell that she’s closed her eyes to shut me out. You know, I become like an intruder. And behind those closed lids, you know, her eyes are now rolled all the way around and staring intently inward into some void where l, who sent them, can’t follow.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|Maturity,” Bokonontells us, “is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unlesslaughter can be said to remedy anything.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|She wanted him to tell her that when you love someone so hard and so fierce, it was all right to do things that you knew were wrong.
Charles Herrick, Breath of Kenya: A Missionary Journal|Take away health, wealth, and material success and all you have is each other. Maybe that's the place we should start.
Nick Flynn, Another Bullshit Night in Suck City|Drinking people are loud people. This is loston children, who make monkey bars of noise,climbing through and over its steel pipesuntil they king the metal smell of mountain.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|Listening is one of the most important things a brand can do online. If your brand is just broadcasting its own agenda, it isn’t truly engaging in a conversation.
Barbara Taylor Bradford, Being Elizabeth|Now look here, Smithers. They's two kind's of stealing. They's the small kind, like what you does, and the big kind, like I does. Fo' de small stealing dey put you in jail soon or late. But fo' de big stealin' dey puts your picture in de paper and yo' statue in de Hall of Fame when you croak. If dey's one thing I learned in ten years on de Pullman cars, listenin' to de white quality talk, it's dat same fact. And when I gits a chance to use it . . . from stowaway to emperor in two years. Dat's goin' some!
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|In this case, two wrongs made a major right.
Garret Keizer, Help: The Original Human Dilemma|Everyone believes in sin, the people who charge their peers with political incorrectness and the people who regard political correctness as the bogey of a little mind. What everyone does not believe in, as nearly as I can tell, is forgiveness.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|Terrible things happened when you were least expecting them...But it seemed that wonderful things could happen too. You could be forced to take a trip, not knowing who you would meet. Not knowing that it would change your life.
|Money can buy you attention, but it can never buy you true respect.
Rachael Ray|I tried to make up for being 5 ft. 3 in. by affecting a strut and adopting the voice of a much bigger man... dating tall, beautiful women... But nothing I could do, after Ava had left me, would add a single inch to my height.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism Is a Humanism|For many have but one resource to sustain them in their misery, and that is to think, “Circumstances have been against me, I was worthy to be something much better than I have been. I admit I have never had a great love or a great friendship; but that is because I never met a man or a woman who were worthy of it; if I have not written any very good books, it is because I had not the leisure to do so; or, if I have had no children to whom I could devote myself it is because I did not find the man I could have lived with. So there remains within me a wide range of abilities, inclinations and potentialities, unused but perfectly viable, which endow me with a worthiness that could never be inferred from the mere history of my actions.” But in reality and for the existentialist, there is no love apart from the deeds of love; no potentiality of love other than that which is manifested in loving; there is no genius other than that which is expressed in works of art.
Thomas Jefferson|...We are all Federalists,and we are all Republicans.
Erin Bow|Now then," he mused, "how does one fly a dragon?
Sarah Arthur, The One Year Daily Grind|The Lord is close to the brokenhearted; which means that if the rest of us want to get close to God, we seek them out-not because of what we could possible offer them, as if we're the spiritual first responders on the scene to save the day, but because we recognize how much they have to teach us about who God really is." -Quoted by Sarah Arthur, Author of The One Year Daily Grind.
David Bellavia, House to House: An Epic Memoir of War|The stomach is the seat of all feeling. The heart is the seat of the conscience. The mind is the seat of the ego. Your body is the seat of the soul. When a man goes out in the night and looks up at the universe, he is observing a mirror of himself. The universe within us, is a reflection of the universe we see out our eyes.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|And no, I think i'm better than you because I am better than you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus Christ said the gate that leads to destruction is wide and the way is broad, but the gate which leads to life is straight and the way narrow.
George Orwell, Politics and the English Language|Prose consists less and less of words chosen for the sake of their meaning, and more and more of phrases tacked together like the sections of a prefabricated hen-house.
Margaret Feinberg, Hungry for God: Hearing God's Voice in the Ordinary and the Everyday|Hunger for God compels us to seek the Lord. At times our desire for God overcomes our physical desires, and the ache for God is palpable. Throughout the Scriptures, God is faithful to reward those who search for him. Written during one of King David's low points, while living on the run in the wilderness, he cries, "Oh God, you are my God, earnestly I seek you; my soul thirsts for you, my body longs for you, in a dry and weary land where there is no water." Though David hides in the wilderness, he doesn't stay there physically or spiritually. When we seek God with our whole hearts and souls, he promises to reveal himself to us." -Hungry for God
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|The feminist call was for women to embrace ways of seeing beauty and adorning ourselves that are healthy, life-affirming, and not overly time-time consuming.
Judy Balan|I have a phonetic fetish. All I want is to find a man whose last name ends in 'Vrski' and marry him. Try saying VRSKI. Oh, don't be a tight-ass. SAY IT. Don't you love the purring sound it makes in your mouth? It's the kind of name I love waking up to every morning - 'Good morning, BlahBlahVrski', the kind I can brag about on Facebook - 'Judy Balan has now changed her name to Judy SomethingVrski' and the kind I can scream in a fit of passion - 'Ohhhhh Vrrrrssskkkkiiiii!
Jean Zimmerman, The Orphanmaster|There was something ghost-like and insubstantial about gases to these early chemists. They called liquids that turned into gases easily, "spirits." Methyl alcohol, they called "wood spirit"; ethyl alcohol, "wine spirit." Even today, alcoholic beverages are frequently referred to as "spirits." (Modern Arabs, from whose language the word "alcohol" was taken, call ethyl alcohol "spirit" from the English. This is a queer exchange.)
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|I recently cleared up my Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS). The condition is real, it has a sound foundation as to why it occurs in the human, and can be cleared up by taking the appropriate steps.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Live life daringly. In one moment in time, you will be gone.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Sadly, when a person's possessions distract him from his purpose, he usually ends up losing both.
J. Paul Getty|Fidelity, Bravery, and Integrity set the expectations for behavior; they set a standard for our work. More than just a motto, for the men and women of the FBI, Fidelity, Bravery, and Integrity is a way of life.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|... there was one new metallic monstrosity stacked in one corner that she hadn’t seen the last time she was a visitor to his strange chamber, it appeared to be a mass of hard drives all fused together, but they looked too sophisticated to be merely hard drives.“What on earth is that?” “That’s my Kung Fu,” he said proudly, patting the top of the futuristic-looking stack.“Is that what you wanted to show me?”“No, but it’s impressive, isn’t it?”“If you say so.”Steves sighed and shook his head, so few people could appreciate the intellectual complexity of an almost untraceable hacking device.
Amir Khusrau, The Writings Of Amir Khusrau :700 years after the prophet : a 13th-14th century legend of Indian-sub-continent|I am the king of kingsO Sheikh! Not naked like you, I love madness, dynamism, but I am not distraughtAn infidel, an idolator, I am not one of the pious. I am going towards the mosqueBut I am not a Muslim.
Eric Greitens, The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL|Perhaps when a man has special knowledge and special powers like my own, it rather encourages him to seek a complex explanation when a simpler one is at hand.
Paula Stokes, Vicarious|Rose lived the same life I did, but she doesn’t have PTSD. No bad dreams, no missing memories. Sometimes I’m jealous that she seems to deal with everything better than I do. But then I’ll catch her with this hollow look in her eyes and think maybe she just disguises everything for my benefit.Maybe she’s broken on the inside too.
Lisa Ross|One must make allowances for a parental instinct that has been starving for twenty-five or thirty years. It is famished, it is crazed with hunger by that time, and will be entirely satisfied with anything that comes handy; its taste is atrophied, it can't tell mud cat from shad. A devil born to a young couple is measurably recognizable by them as a devil before long, but a devil adopted by an old couple is an angel to them, and remains so, through thick and thin.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|The call of God is a call according to the nature of God; where we go in obedience to that call depends entirely on the providential circumstances which God engineers, and is not of any moment. The danger is to fit the call of God into the idea of our own discernment and say, “God called me there.” If we say so and stick to it, then it is good-bye to the development of the life of God in us.
Jayne Castel, The Breaking Dawn|Love doesn’t rule the world. The lust for power and dominance over others is what drives men – always has, always will.
Vladimir Lenin|Can you see why I can't stand a lie? People have been lying to me all my life. Even the person I loved the most in the world."Sometimes people lie for good reasons," Jonah said. "To keep you safe, or to avoid breaking your heart, or to make it possible for you to go on living.
Samuel Beckett|Estragon: You see, you feel worse when I'm with you. I feel better alone, too.Vladmir: Then why do you always come crawling back?Estragon: I don't know.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|You are a soul. You are a creator. You are an individual, absolutely and positively one of a kind. You are an energetic being of love with enough power inside of you to change this entire world forever.
Juan Pablo Galavis|And this fine young prince had fallen in love with a Nobody from Nowhere -- as princes sometimes do, though not as often as romantic tradition would have you believe.
Peter L. Bernstein, Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk|All choices are fraught with peril, but inaction is the most perilous of all.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|These are the things before me. And as I stand here at the door of glory, I look behind me for the last time. I look upon the history of men, which I have learned from the books, and I wonder. It was a long story, and the spirit which moved it was the spirit of man’s freedom. But what is freedom? Freedom from what? There is nothing to take a man’s freedom away from him, save other men. To be free, a man must be free of his brothers. That is freedom. This and nothing else.
Shelly Thacker, His Forbidden Touch|You have not known very many men.""I have no wish to know any others. I love this one.
N.B. Roberts, Halton Cray|Sometimes Death lurks after them for days, weeks, or even months, waiting for their time... Sometimes it doesn’t, and I’ve often raced that omnipresent Reaper to one portion of its work.
Brandon Villasenor, I Can't Stop Drinking About You|Keep people in your life who truly love you, motivate you, and make you happy. If you know people who do none of these things, let them go.
Auliq Ice|If one wishes to be a great project manager, one needs to talk less and write more.
Tony Judt|The historian’s task is not to disrupt for the sake of it, but it is to tell what is almost always an uncomfortable story and explain why the discomfort is part of the truth we need to live well and live properly. A well organized society is one in which we know the truth about ourselves collectively, not one in which we tell pleasant lies about ourselves.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|That thing, that tiny part of The Land of Elyon, is gone but not entirely forgotten. Elyon had his reason for sending you and me on this journey. Sometimes we see something as plain as a dying leaf and our hearts grow sad, but we must always hold true and fight on, Alexa. Whatever happens to us, we will not be forgotten in the end. He will remember us.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|Men are not born equal in themselves, so I think it beneath a man to postulate that they are. If I thought myself as good as Sokrates I should be a fool; and if, not really believing it, I asked you to make me happy by assuring me of it, you would rightly despise me. So why should I insult my fellow-citizens by treating them as fools and cowards? A man who thinks himself as good as everyone else will be at no pains to grow better. On the other hand, I might think myself as good as Sokrates, and even persuade other fools to agree with me; but under a democracy, Sokrates is there in the Agora to prove me wrong. I want a city where I can find my equals and respect my betters, whoever they are; and where no one can tell me to swallow a lie because it is expedient, or some other man's will.
Sanhita Baruah|He saw her red eyes filled with tears of anger. "Tell me why this rage?" He asked holding her in his arms. "Why do you fence for yourself so much?She sighed and muttered, "Because all I really want is nothing but to be proved wrong.
Aidan Chambers, Postcards from No Man's Land|It is not growing like a treeIn bulk, doth make Man better be;Or standing long an oak, three hundred year,To fall a log at last, dry, bald, and sere:A lily of a dayIs fairer far in MayAlthough it fall and die that night;It was the plant and flower of Light.In small proportions we just beauties see;And in short measures life may perfect be (Ben Jonson)
Debasish Mridha|Love is like electricity, you can’t see it, but it can enlighten you or it can burn you.
Kendall Kulper, Salt & Storm|His mind has the clearness of the deep sea, the patience of its rocks, the force of its billows.
Seekerohan|And after everything been said and done, the mind only believes what our heart feels.
Markelle Grabo, The Spell Master|As long as he is around, I don't fit into your life." - Nathan
JoAnne Kenrick, When A Mullo Loves A Woman|Have you ever met someone for the first time, but in your heart you feel as if you’ve met them before?
Leot Felton|Many nights I watch the sun set. Many nights I watch the moon. They fascinate me. They’re the only things I get to share with everyone: the stars, the moon, the universe.
Johnny Cash|Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
Edgar Watson Howe|When I get hold of a book I particularly admire, I am so enthusiastic that I loan it to someone who never brings it back.
John Dufresne, No Regrets, Coyote|Get up, and wipe your lip, Camille. It seems you are bleeding.
Anna   Stevens, Turn Your Dreams And Wants Into Achievable SMART Goals!|If you want something better for your life, you've got to start by believing you deserve it.
J. C. Read|You can forget what people said and did, but you can never forget how they made you feel. You can forgive the people who hurt you, but you will remember what the taught you.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|I merely repeat, remember always your duty of enmity towards Man and all his ways. Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy. Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend. And remember also that in fighting against Man, we must not come to resemble him. Even when you have conquered him, do not adopt his vices. No animal must ever live in a house, or sleep in a bed, or wear clothes, or drink alcohol, or smoke tobacco, or touch money, or engage in trade. All the habits of Man are evil. And, above all, no animal must ever tyrannise over his own kind. Weak or strong, clever or simple, we are all brothers. No animal must ever kill any other animal. All animals are equal.
Deborah Feldman, Unorthodox: The Scandalous Rejection of My Hasidic Roots|Eight months in the woods have hardened me, or at least firmed up my beliefs that if a man’s going to fend for himself, then he needs to leave his credit card at home.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|It is clear from our Lord's prayer that He does not intend for us to withdraw from contact with the world of non-Christians (John 17:15). Instead, He said we are to be 'the salt of the earth' and 'the light of the world' (Matthew 5:13-14).
Katherine Catmull, Summer and Bird|Do you wrestle with dreams? Do you contend with shadows? Do you move in a kind of sleep? Time has slipped away. Your life is stolen. You tarried with trifles, Victim of your folly.
Jason E. Royle, The Beheading of John|Sometimes I wonder which is worse: To have to kill because it is your job, or to have no remorse for all the murderous things you have done?
Tanya Masse|No REGRETS. Just LESSONS learned, BLESSINGS recognized and HUMOR found.
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|But if you live your life without feeling and compassion for your fellowman—you are as an animal—'an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth' & happiness & peace of mind is not attained by living thus.
Jason Isbell|I am not someone who is ashamed of my past. I'm actually really proud. I know I made a lot of mistakes, but they, in turn, were my life lessons.
Corallie Buchanan, Watch Out! Godly Women on the Loose|Was I interrupting? I thought it was over." Rhys gave me a smile dripping with venom. He knew-through that bond, through whatever magic was between us, he'd known I was about to say no. "At least Feyre seemed to think so.
Joe Dilley, The Game Is Playing Your Kid: How to Unplug and Reconnect in the Digital Age|Every sea to scare the sailor, I have sailed.
Charlie Chaplin|By simple common sense I don't believe in God, in none.
Tamara Agha-Jaffar, A Pomegranate and the Maiden|Prisoners!" Finan shouted, and I suspected he was shouting at me because I had so blatantly ignored my own insistence that we take men captive.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|I blushed. You haven't seen a bald man in his sixties blush? Oh, it happens, just as it does to a hairy, spotty fifteen-year-old. And because it's rarer, it sends the blusher tumbling back to that time when life felt like nothing more than one long sequence of embarrassments.
Seneca|The willing, Destiny guides them. The unwilling, Destiny drags them.
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|Way back in 1831, Michael Faraday, one of the founders of our modern understanding of electromagnetism, was asked by an inquiring politician about the usefulness of this newfangled "electricity" stuff. His apocryphal reply: "I know not, but I wager that one day your government will tax it".
John Swartzwelder, The Time Machine Did It|Doing something positive will help turn your mood around. When you smile, your body relaxes. When you experience human touch and interaction, it eases tension in your body.
|If success was an overnight journey, its prize would become valueless.
Samir Okasha, Philosophy of Science: A Very Short Introduction|I am Nom-O-Tron,' said the machine, in a big, boomy voice, so loud that Astra was afraid her mum and dad or some other grown-ups would hear and come to see who was sneaking a bedtime snack. 'Shhh!' she said. 'Have you got any biscuits?
Beyonce Knowles|I know it sounds a bit corny, but I do think that beauty and sexiness come from within.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Without the heart it’s not worship, it’s a stage play.
Audrey Meadows|I believe that it is irresponsible, it is basically part of the crisis of leadership in D.C. to not look at Social Security and understand that there has got to be a solution posed. We've got to take a look at it and make sure that we create a solution so our seniors aren't left out in the cold.
William C. Bryant|Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Oh ... My twitchy witchy girl I think you are so nice, I give you bowls of porridge And I give you bowls of ice-cream.
Les Brown|you don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.
Adrienne Mayor|There is no justice in social justice, and there is no equality in social equality.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When God leads you to it, He will give it to you.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 5|...having a child is like casting off your own childhood forever. It's as if it's only then that you really grasp what it means to be a man. You're scared too that all your weaknesses will be laid bare, because fatherhood demands more than you can give.... I always felt I had to earn your love, because I loved you so, so much.
Max Frei, The Stranger|People are made in such a way that if something inexplicable happens to them, they write it off to an overheated imagination.
Hunter S. Thompson, Generation of Swine: Tales of Shame and Degradation in the '80's|There never were greed and cunning in the world yet, that did not do too much, and overreach themselves. It is as certain as death.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|There are three people in your life: your great love, the one you want to have children with, and the one whom you can spend the rest of your life with. If you find that last one first, you have it made.
Bill Goldberg|I think it's useful, as a famous person, to have as little separation between the perception of you and how you really are - because otherwise I'd be sitting here thinking I'm keeping secrets, and wondering when you're going to find out.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|Don't. Tell me when, then. And before you say never, take a good look at me and tell me if you see a man who's easily deterred.
Tony DiTerlizzi|I remember being in a history lesson and saying to my teacher, 'How come you never talk about black scientists and inventors and pioneers?' And she looked at me and said, 'Because there aren't any.'
Jo Brand|I used to do bell ringing in Benenden church. It was really good fun, actually. My best friend's dad was the local vicar, and so it was expected as her best friend that I would go to church every Sunday with her.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A revived spirit, a renewed soul.
Barton Gellman|We in the United States believe in the protection of minorities; we recognize the contributions that they can make and the leadership that they can provide; and we do not believe that any people - whether majority or minority, or individual human beings - are 'expendable' in the cause of theory or of policy.
David Twohy|Torture, including practices like waterboarding, violates the legal and moral standards of all civilized nations.
George Gordon Byron|The light of love, the purity of grace,The mind, the Music breathing from her face, The heart whose softness harmonised the whole —And, oh! that eye was in itself a Soul!
Criss Jami|It is not that men become too intelligent for God,' says the Apologist, 'but rather they become too arrogant for intelligence.
Frank Schätzing|We cannot fathom the marvelous complexity of an organic being; but on the hypothesis here advanced this complexity is much increased. Each living creature must be looked at as a microcosm--a little universe, formed of a host of self-propagating organisms, inconceivably minute and as numerous as the stars in heaven.
Vera B. Williams|The passion to teach, to share deeplyexperienced “lessons from life,” is embedded in all literature.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Just as chillingly as Manuel took police to the spot where he had buried 17-year-old Isabella Cooke, it was reminiscent of this when Brady took police to Saddleworth Moor in Yorkshire, when he and Hindley were flown there by helicopter to walk on the graves of more victims.
Iain Banks, The State of the Art|With biting solemnity he spoke. “What are you holding on to as Mara? Why are you holding on to what does not exist and was once known? Why not let her be dusts to the winds of Teracia, insignificant in the eyes of what Atheists believe?” Teracia was home to the American Spiritualist headquarters and a very large expanse of forestry. Roma, to keep Mara’s last wishes had visited Teracia, against his Atheist believes, to spread her ashes so her soul may roam free. What soared through Roma was more sadness than anger in the moment. But the anger was enough to push him head first into Retina. “How dare you? You stupid son of a bitch…Ahh!” The force that took Roma forward took them over the compliant material that was the railing and they became subject to gravity. The impact resisting, antigravity flooring broke the majority of their fall. And as Roma traveled the approximately fifteen inches resistance flight back in the air, “I’ll kill you,” he told Retina. While Retina was silently thanking Dr. Hunter, a QueXtgen scientist who had just saved their lives without knowing it, for the scientific design of the house, “I’ll kill you…” Roma said as his body touched the floor, before losing consciousness.
Michael Strahan|Huh,” groaned Father Gabe. “I sympathize with you, Tommy. Relationships can be a crap shoot. You think you’re going to roll a seven and up pops snake eyes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not waste your time and life, searching for a job.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Witness also that when we talk about literature, we do so in the present tense. When we speak of the dead, we are not so kind.
Victor Hugo, Ninety-Three|Nature is pitiless; she never withdraws her flowers, her music, her fragrance and her sunlight, from before human cruelty or suffering. She overwhelms man by the contrast between divine beauty and social hideousness. She spares him nothing of her loveliness, neither wing or butterfly, nor song of bird; in the midst of murder, vengeance, barbarism, he must feel himself watched by holy things; he cannot escape the immense reproach of universal nature and the implacable serenity of the sky. The deformity of human laws is forced to exhibit itself naked amidst the dazzling rays of eternal beauty. Man breaks and destroys; man lays waste; man kills; but the summer remains summer; the lily remains the lily; and the star remains the star....As though it said to man, 'Behold my work. and yours.
Margaret Atwood, The Animals in That Country|Distraction leaches the authenticity out of our communications. When we are not emotionally present, we are gliding over the surface of our interactions and we never tangle in the depths where the nuances of our skills are tested and refined. A medical professor describes the easy familiarity with which her digital-native resident students master medical electronic records—but is troubled by the fact that they enter data with their eyes focused on their digital devices, not on the patient in the room with them. Preoccupation with technology acts as a screen between the student and the patient’s real emotion, real fear, and real concern. It may also prevent these residents from noticing physical symptoms that the patient fails to mention. The easy busyness of medical record entry is a way to sidestep the more challenging dynamics of human connection. But experienced physicians know that interpersonal skills are essential to mastering the art and science of medical diagnosis.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your mind is your guide! With a clever mind, you will have a life full of light! Improve your mind, improve your real savior!
Scott Stabile|It's important to work on our personal growth, and part of that work is learning, and accepting the fact that we are absolutely enough, as we are. Some of our most profound changes manifest by simply embracing who we've been all along.
George Orwell|I'm no more modern than ancient, no more French than Chinese, and the idea of a native country, that is to say, the imperative to live on one bit of ground marked red or blue on the map and to hate the other bits in green or black, has always seemed to me narrow-minded, blinkered and profoundly stupid. I am a soul brother to everything that lives, to the giraffe and to the crocodile as much as to man.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|We waste so much energy trying to cover up who we are when beneath every attitude is the want to be loved, and beneath every anger is a wound to be healed and beneath every sadness is the fear that there will not be enough time. When we hesitate in being direct, we unknowingly slip something on, some added layer of protection that keeps us from feeling the world, and often that thin covering is the beginning of a loneliness which, if not put down, diminishes our chances of joy. It’s like wearing gloves every time we touch something, and then, forgetting we chose to put them on, we complain that nothing feels quite real. Our challenge each day is not to get dressed to face the world but to unglove ourselves so that the doorknob feels cold and the car handle feels wet and the kiss goodbye feels like the lips of another being, soft and unrepeatable.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Yeah, you bet Romani.' Percy bared his forearm and showed them the brand he'd got at Camp Jupiter- the SPQR mark, with the trident of Neptune. 'You mix Greek and Roman, and you know what you get? You get BAM!' He stomped his foot, and the empousai scrambled back. One fell off the boulder where she'd been perched.
Brian South, The Zombie Sheriff Takes Tucson: A Love Story|Fear blossomed within her - not like a flower, but like blood welling from a gunshot wound, spreading throughout her entire body.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada|Consciousness consists in a being becoming objective to itself; … it is nothing apart, nothing distinct from the being which is conscious of itself.
Frances Winkler|I'm collector of stuff that people make with their brain. I keep them in little jars and I take them out and play with them sometimes too. The stuff, not the people.
Tracy Kidder, Strength in What Remains: A Journey of Remembrance and Forgiveness|If I had created myself, I would be taller, blond, and more well endowed, financially. I would have cast out spiders and bad-hair days. Therefore, and hence, I believe strongly in a Creator who not only gave me the gift, but the free will to create my own journey through life.
Upton Sinclair|There are some things in this world you rely on, like a sure bet. And when they let you down, shifting from where you've carefully placed them, it shakes your faith, right where you stand.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|If you are losing faith in human nature, go out and watch a marathon.
Laura Mvula|A timid person is frightened before a danger, a coward during the time, and a courageous person afterward.
Andre Agassi, Open|Make sure your LinkedIn profile has a targeted headline. Not only should the headline clearly state your career focus, it’s also the most important place to add a keyword or two, because this influences how you appear in search results
J.K. Rowling|We are the Library," Coppelia pointed out. "What we don't know, we research.
Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary|Far better it is for you to say: "I am a sinner," than to say: "I have no need of religion." The empty can be filled, but the self-intoxicated have no room for God.
Laurie R. King, The Beekeeper's Apprentice|I took to the Bodleian library as to a lover and ... would sit long hours in Bodley's arms to emerge, blinking and dazed with the smell and feel of all those books.
Victor Pelevin, The Sacred Book of the Werewolf|While a democratic process is morally desirable for arriving at a decision, it doesn’t necessarily produce the best outcomes.
Christina Rasmussen, Second Firsts Live Laugh and Love Again|When the dream that was no longer can be, you have to dream a different dream.
Willard Scott|I loved my mom so much because she had to work on a penny just to put food on the table... During the Depression in the United States, everybody had a tough time. And I was so hurt because she was crying that she didn't have any food for us for Thanksgiving.
Stanley Kramer|The truth is lived, not taught.
Jens Bjørneboe, Moment of Freedom: The Heiligenberg Manuscript|Still there are people who grasp freedom at once, who don't doubt, don't hesitate—but accept themselves as the measure of themselves and of everything, and who don't seem to show any dread. In some cases there are people who have the strength to do it and the innate wisdom to understand what the price is. In other cases they are people who have no idea what they're doing, who choose freedom out of ignorance and lack of understanding—they know nothing about any price, and they go under when the price is demanded. It means ruin to choose to think for oneself if one can't think.
Andrew Durbin|For real human beings, the only realism is an embodied realism.
Russell Pearce|What I loved about the acting class was that you got to think all day long about a person that wasn't you, and figure out why they were sad and what they wanted, what they dreamed.
Alex Campbell|Now where there are no parts, there neither extension, nor shape, nor divisibility is possible. And these monads are the true atoms of nature and, in a word, the elements of things.
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Vor Game|Think of the glory. Think of your reputation. Think how great it'll look on your next resume."On my cenotaph, you mean. Nobody will be able to collect enough of my scattered atoms to bury. You going to cover my funeral expenses, son?"Splendidly. Banners, dancing girls, and enough beer to float your coffin to Valhalla."- Miles coaxing Ky Tung to agree to an almost suicidal mission
Matthew Donnelly|The worlds high on doing and distracting and as result we need to keep doing and it doesn’t really matter what we are doing, as long as it is distracting.
|She went downstairs slowly and sat in front of the fire, rocking herself to and fro as she imagined all of the harm he might have suffered: she could see him enticed into a car by a stranger, she could see him knocked down by a lorry in the road, she could see him falling into the Thames and being carried away by the tide. It was her instinctive belief, however, that if she dwelled upon such scenes in sufficient detail she could prevent them from occurring: anxiety was, for her, a form of prayer. And then she spoke his name aloud, as if she were able to conjure him into existence.
Linda Gray Sexton, Bespotted: My Family's Love Affair with Thirty-Eight Dalmatians|For people with patience, time with a dog is a little slice of heaven.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|It's true. I've seen it when the crescent moon shone bright on a cold, dark night. The darker the night, the brighter God's smile.
Tony   Taylor, Counters|I saw Sonora before me, so otherworldly, so desolate, some cast-out mistress on the pale blue planet, and longed suddenly to stay.
Lady Gaga|I'm a little bit naked, but that's okay.
Sylvia Earle|The perfect date for me would be staying at home, making a big picnic in bed, eating Wotsits and cookies while watching cable TV.
Matthew De Abaitua, If Then|He spoke slowly, his voice deeper and louder, every word tacked nine-inches deep into the beams of our minds.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Innovation is to connect the dots - synthesizing that goes in one mind, and teamwork through collective insight.
George Leonard, Mastery: The Keys to Success and Long-Term Fulfillment|Our preoccupation with goals, results, and the quick fix has separated us from our own experiences.
Peggy Randall-Martin|Everybody makes mistakes, but when the same ones become consistent, they are commitments.
Jim Henson|Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
Jason Mraz|Because I trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (At least, today I feel that way.) I think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of.
William Faulkner, Light in August|Though children can accept adults as adults, adults can never accept children as anything but adults too.
Frederick Dale Bruner, Matthew: The Churchbook Matthew 13-28|Luther and Calvin believed that both the Roman church on the right and the Zwinglian and Anabaptist churches on the left made the Lord's Supper too much a place WHERE BELIEVERS DID THINGS FOR GOD - either by offering Christ to God (Rome) or by offering their deep devotion to God (the Radical Protestants). The main direction of the Supper, in both of these views, was up.
Marjorie Spiegel, The Dreaded Comparison: Human and Animal Slavery|Now there was no sign of any foul weather, but when one wishes to do a thing . . . one finds no lack of reasons for the doing.
Sylvia Plath|I am helpless as the sea at the end of her string. I am restless. Restless and useless. I, too, create corpses.
Barack Obama|Your ego can become an obstacle to your work. If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|... They paid some madman who thought he was a decorator a lot of money to make the place look hip and unique. May be it's my lack of fashion sense talking, but I thought they should have held out for one of those gorillas who has learned to paint. The results would have been of similar quality, and they could have paid in fresh produce.- Harry Dresden, Small Favor, Jim Butcher
Louise Penny|Loss was like that, Gamache knew. You didn't just lose a loved one. You lost your heart, your memories, your laughter, your brain and it even took your bones. Eventually it all came back, but different. Rearranged
Robyn Carr, Sunrise Point|Don't leave yet," he said, his voice hoarse. "Let me do something. Let me feed you. Hold you. Rub your shoulders. Change your oil. Anything, please.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Union Moujik|...An ethnically heterogeneous society without a unifying hero is bound to be torn apart by internal strife. Only a man capable of bringing about a workable consensus between the diverse people is truly a hero. Such a man has to be a true disciple of peace, unity, solidarity and justice.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Give yourself permission to see and feel the extraordinary events in your own life. In internalizing them, you also will find your perspective about life and its meaning will change, resulting in growth and expansion of your soul.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Again: How to More Intelligently Start Again After a Breakup, Divorce and the Death of a Loved One|As long as you leave to others the responsibility to make you happy, you are going to be miserable, because it is actually your job.
Mark Doty|And then we ease him out of that worn-out body with a kiss, and he's gone like a whisper, the easiest breath.
Peter Benchley, Jaws|God isn't going to scribble across the sky. "The shark is gone.
Marianne Williamson|When you think about Twitter and you think what a dumb stupid throwaway technology, and then you have the Iranian elections and it actually saves the day - you can't prejudge technologies now because they have effects you may not have intended.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|In a clock, stop but one wheel and you stop every wheel, because they are dependent upon one another. So when God has ordered a thing for the present to be thus and thus, how do you know how many things depend upon this thing? God may have some work to do twenty years hence that depends on this passage of providence that falls out this day or this week.
Meghan Daum, The Unspeakable: And Other Subjects of Discussion|For my mother’s entire life, her mother was less a mother than splintered bits of shrapnel she carried around in her body, sharp, rusty debris that threatened to puncture an organ if she turned a certain way.
Chris Mentillo|Before You Begin Writing Your Book, Ask Yourself A Very Important Question: What Kind of Results Do I Plan To Receive From Writing This Book? If You Say Money, Then Don't Bother Even Writing The Book.
Robert Sylvester|Someone's always saying  "It's not whether you win or lose " but if you feel that way  you're as good as dead.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton|When you perceive a truth, look for the balancing truth.
Denise Van Outen|I've surfed the Web and the whole dating connection. I find that pretty fascinating, but no real leads.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|Nature grows where the atmosphere is conducive – a bit of oxygen, soil, moisture and we see plants growing. Even between the stones. Exactly the same way, if we are happy and honest to ourselves, our creative glands gets activated and soon we get the astonishing solution to our challenges.
Arthur Koestler|The principal mark of genius is not perfection but originality, the opening of new frontiers.
Anderson, Christie|The forlorn notes of Cristofori’s Dream replaced the eerie silence, sending a chill up my neck. The piano sang in desperation. Lamenting strings pierced the air as if grieving on my behalf. The notes edged through my mind, and I stared across the room, right through the beige wall to the void beyond. My eyes labored through nothingness, searching for the tiniest fragment of hope to no avail.
Kristen Henderson|Another funny thing about living in this city is how easy it can be to lose track of people. We're all so busy, always rushing around, so wrapped up in our own stuff. It stops occurring to us to check in with friends. I mean REALLY check in with them.
Remmy Duchene, So Into You|What makes Capa a great photo journalist?" asks a reporter covering a 1998 retrospective of his work. "We see his own appetite for life, his mix of urgency with compassion . . . the artistic thrust of his photography always had more to do with its emotional pitch, which remained genuine and deeply felt." Or, in Capa's own words, a great picture "is a cut out of the whole event which will show more of the real truth of the affair to some one who was not there than the whole scene.
Eric Massa|Independence is all very well, but we animals never allow our friends to make fools of themselves beyond a certain limit; and that limit you've reached.
Aisha Mirza|Everyone is familiar with the phenomenon of feeling more or less alive on different days. Everyone knows on any given day that there are energies slumbering in him which the incitements of that day do not call forth, but which he might display if these were greater. Most of us feel as if a sort of cloud weighed upon us, keeping us below our highest notch of clearness in discernment, sureness in reasoning, or firmness in deciding. Compared with what we ought to be, we are only half awake. Our fires are damped, our drafts are checked. We are making use of only a small part of our possible mental and physical resources. Stating the thing broadly, the human individual thus lives far within his limits; he possesses powers of various sorts which he habitually fails to use.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|The chief purpose of life, for any of us, is to increase according to our capacity our knowledge of God by all means we have, and to be moved by it to praise and thanks.
Baruch Spinoza|The limitless loving devotion to God, and the gift God makes of Himself to you, are the highest elevation of which the heart is capable; it is the highest degree of prayer. The souls that have reached this point are truly the heart of the Church.
Barry N. Malzberg, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|He began as a minor imitator of Fitzgerald, wrote a novel in the late twenties which won a prize, became dissatisfied with his work, stopped writing for a period of years. When he came back it was to BLACK MASK and the other detective magazines with a curious and terrible fiction which had never been seen before in the genre markets; Hart Crane and certainly Hemingway were writing of people on the edge of their emotions and their possibility but the genre mystery markets were filled with characters whose pain was circumstantial, whose resolution was through action; Woolrich's gallery was of those so damaged that their lives could only be seen as vast anticlimax to central and terrible events which had occurred long before the incidents of the story. Hammett and his great disciple, Chandler, had verged toward this more than a little, there is no minimizing the depth of their contribution to the mystery and to literature but Hammett and Chandler were still working within the devices of their category: detectives confronted problems and solved (or more commonly failed to solve) them, evil was generalized but had at least specific manifestations: Woolrich went far out on the edge. His characters killed, were killed, witnessed murder, attempted to solve it but the events were peripheral to the central circumstances. What I am trying to say, perhaps, is that Hammett and Chandler wrote of death but the novels and short stories of Woolrich *were* death. In all of its delicacy and grace, its fragile beauty as well as its finality.Most of his plots made no objective sense. Woolrich was writing at the cutting edge of his time. Twenty years later his vision would attract a Truffaut whose own influences had been the philosophy of Sartre, the French nouvelle vague, the central conception that nothing really mattered. At all. But the suffering. Ah, that mattered; that mattered quite a bit.
Sayo Masuda|When I was a nursemaid at the home of the landowners, a nun who happened to pass once gave me something square and white.Timidly I licked it and discovered that it was sweet and delicious. I realize now that it must have been a sugar cube;but still, more than twenty years later, I remember clearly the joy I felt then. It's not just children; everyone seems to be deeply touched by unexpected joy brought to them by others and is unable to forget it. That child will be grown up by now, and if he hasn't forgotten me, whenever he sees a crying child he'll want to say a kind word and wipe the kid's nose. And when that kid grows up, he'll do the same. To do something kind for another is never a bad feeling; it fosters a spirit of caring for other people. And who knows,after a hundrend years, human beings may even learn to cooperate with one another...Yes, that was it: I'd try to teach children that if they felt glad when someone gave them a single piece of candy,then they in turn should give to others.
Brian Selznick, The Invention of Hugo Cabret|The idea of going to the movies made Hugo remember something Father had once told him about going to the movies when he was just a boy, when the movies were new. Hugo's father had stepped into a dark room, and on a white screen he had seen a rocket fly right into the eye of the man in the moon. Father said he had never experienced anything like it. It had been like seeing his dreams in the middle of the day.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|Walking with Murphythrough the bone-freezing chilltoward the bus stop,I start shivering.And somehow,when he slips his arm around meto warm me up,it feels right.Righter than anything ever has.
Lorilyn Roberts, Children of Dreams|The problem with parenting today? Children are not raised! They are just born and fed and clothed. Then upon them are placed ornaments for the eyes of others to see: superficial actions and ways, all of which pass away as sure as the sun sets every evening! Why are you not raising nobility? Why are you not raising Knights and Queens? Feed those souls, give them character!
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|You cannot do anything good for a dead man! Whatever goodness you want to do for him, do it when he is alive!
John Green, Paper Towns|It is never too early to start thinking about your own death and the deaths of those you love. I don’t mean thinking about death in obsessive loops, fretting that your husband has been crushed in a horrific car accident, or that your plane will catch fire and plummet from the sky. But rational interaction, that ends with you realizing that you will survive the worst, whatever the worst may be. Accepting death doesn’t mean that you won’t be devastated when someone you love dies. It means you will be able to focus on your grief, unburdened by bigger existential questions like “Why do people die?” and “Why is this happening to me?” Death isn’t happening to you. Death is happening to us all.
Adele Theron|A journey to try is not worthy to start, better to love none than starting over in relationships and getting dropped like a coin that won't get tossed.
C. JoyBell C.|A lot of pieces I have written have to do with courage. As a result, people think that I am naturally brave. But what people don't know, is that I grew up with phobias and many fears. I was scared of everything. So, I write of courage not because I have not known fear, but I write of courage because I have walked with fear but I have made the choice not to fear it.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|I'm still looking for someoneWho said they were here for me,And I thought I was once there for you.But when troubles are nearer than friends,And the road comes to an end,What could I do?I wish I could fly away like you.
Frank Forencich, Exuberant Animal: The Power of Health, Play and Joyful Movement|Warning: Before beginning an program of physical inactivity, consult your doctor. Sedentary living is abnormal and dangerous to your health.
Walter de la Mare, Rhymes and Verses: Collected Poems for Young People|Cat hate reflects an ugly, stupid, loutish, bigoted spirit. There can be no compromise with this Ugly Spirit.
Julian Barnes, A History of the World in 10½  Chapters|For the point is this: not that myth refers us back to some original event which has been fancifully transcribed as it passed through collective memory; but that it refers us forward to something that will happen, that must happen. Myth will become reality, however sceptical we might be.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|You must liberate your mind of such dogmatic ideals, rid yourself of this unending illusion that stories have clear beginnings and endings. Stories never begin, nor do they end. They are comprised of people living an endless cycle of interacting, influencing each other, and parting ways. As long as stories are told they should not have clear endings.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|We're on the same wavelength. We're connected that way, even if I'm away from her.
Virginia Heffernan|Unless you are rich, and can con vales center in a sanatorium estate (where visitors came down a tiered, oceanside lawn to found you ato your easel) you have to keep going when you're depressed. That means phone calls, appointments errands, holidays, family, friends, and colleagues.
Josh Hopkins|At that time, I feel sad, and I feel no one knows how hard I work and how many tears. They only know the score. At that time, I feel very lonely because no one understands since they haven't been world No. 1 before.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|I do not see how it is possible for a man to die worth fifty million of dollars, or ten million of dollars, in a city full of want, when he meets almost every day the withered hand of beggary and the white lips of famine. How a man can withstand all that, and hold in the clutch of his greed twenty or thirty million of dollars, is past my comprehension. I do not see how he can do it. I should not think he could do it any more than he could keep a pile of lumber on the beach, where hundreds and thousands of men were drowning in the sea.
Ashmita Acharya, The Beginning: The Tears of My Heart|Some feel lucky, if they haven't got to be happy, as they don’t like their frame of mind to be unravelled and prefer to be left well enough alone. ( "C’est quand le bonheur ?" )
Albert Einstein, Ideas and Opinions|Gandhi, the greatest political genius of our time, has pointed the way. He was shown of what sacrifices people are capable once they have found the right way. His work for the liberation of India is a living testimony to the fact that a will governed by firm conviction is stronger than a seemingly invincible material power.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|And one of the reasons why he likes her is because she’s so different from him. She’s as big as four-fifths of five-eighths of fuck all, but she takes no bullshit from anyone. She even talks back to the Sarge, which is like watching a mouse bark at a pitbull.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|There was beauty in the idea of freedom, but it was an illusion. Every human heart was chained by love.
Marta Mrotek, Miracle in Progress: A Handbook for Holistic Recovery|Such is the strange situation in which modern philosophy finds itself. No former age was ever in such a favourable position with regard to the sources of our knowledge of human nature. Psychology, ethnology, anthropology, and history have amassed an astoundingly rich and constantly increasing body of facts. Our technical instruments for observation and experimentation have been immensely improved, and our analyses have become sharper and more penetrating. We appear, nonetheless, not yet to have found a method for the mastery and organization of this material. When compared with our own abundance the past may seem very poor. But our wealth of facts is not necessarily a wealth of thoughts. Unless we succeed in finding a clue of Ariadne to lead us out of this labyrinth, we can have no real insight into the general character of human culture; we shall remain lost in a mass of disconnected and disintegrated data which seem to lack all conceptual unity.
Elizabeth Schechter, Heart's Master|I pulled on the restraints, frustrated, hurting, and completely devastated. I could feel tears sliding down my skin, into my ears, and back over my scalp. Which told me that they’d cut off my hair, too. For some reason, that little bit of vanity was what it took to undo me completely.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes . . . we grow homesick for heaven. Many times in the midst of the sin, suffering, and sorrow of this life there is a tug at our soul. That is homesickness coupled with anticipation.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Words disappear in the air, but writing remains. If you want something to be remembered about you, write it down
Joseph O'Connor, Star of the Sea|...but as his father used to say when he had a few drinks taken, you couldn't expect bloody miracles when you were talking about God.
Aaron B. Powell, Quixotic|You’re noble enough, Baudelaires. That’s all we can ask for in this world.
Aditi Dufare, The Mysterious Night|People love to do such things, attempting to degrade other individuals for their mistakes to fulfill their inner will in order to feel more noteworthy.
Kobe Bryant|What has kept the world safe from the bomb since 1945 has not been deterrence, in the sense of fear of specific weapons, so much as it's been memory. The memory of what happened at Hiroshima.
Dean Young, Elegy On Toy Piano|When you are 70% sure, act /because the other 30% is reserved for hope /which is doubt turned upside-down.
Jessica Riskin, The Restless Clock: A History of the Centuries-Long Argument Over What Makes Living Things Tick|What was it like to live amidst such machines, to be familiar with them, to have them shape one's earliest intuitions about machinery: how it works, what it does, how it compares to living creatures?
Amy Reed, Clean|I don’t feel great, but I also don’t feel terrible, either, and I guess that’s how normal people feel most of the time. They live in the space between black and white, and their ups and downs are various shades of gray, not the extreme highs and lows I’ve always thought of as normal. I think that’s one of the major differences between us and them, between addicts and Normies. Somewhere along the line we got stuck on this roller coaster that only knows how to go to the highest up and the lowest low. We get high so we can feel invincible and perfect, but the feeling never lasts. Gravity always wins, and we fall fast, to a place lower and darker than many people will probably ever know. And the crazy thing is that this is just normal for us. We cycle through these extremes all the time, and it’s become as natural as breathing. Exhausting, but natural.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Would you like to know your future?If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator.So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.
Brodi Ashton, Everneath|I should say no to prove a point", He said, his eyebrows pulled together. "But I would hate myself later if I said no and you never asked me again" - Travis
Al Álvarez, The Savage God: A Study of Suicide|From that altitude, the world looked calm and vivid and possible. But by the time we landed at Prestwick the clouds were down like the black cap on a hanging judge.
A.S. Byatt, The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye|To most people today, the name Snow White evokes visions of dwarfs whistling as they work, and a wide–eyed, fluttery princess singing, "Some day my prince will come." (A friend of mine claims this song is responsible for the problems of a whole generation of American women.) Yet the Snow White theme is one of the darkest and strangest to be found in the fairy tale canon — a chilling tale of murderous rivalry, adolescent sexual ripening, poisoned gifts, blood on snow, witchcraft, and ritual cannibalism. . .in short, not a tale originally intended for children's tender ears. Disney's well–known film version of the story, released in 1937, was ostensibly based on the German tale popularized by the Brothers Grimm. Originally titled "Snow–drop" and published in Kinder–und Hausmarchen in 1812, the Grimms' "Snow White" is a darker, chillier story than the musical Disney cartoon, yet it too had been cleaned up for publication, edited to emphasize the good Protestant values held by Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm. (...) Variants of Snow White were popular around the world long before the Grimms claimed it for Germany, but their version of the story (along with Walt Disney's) is the one that most people know today. Elements from the story can be traced back to the oldest oral tales of antiquity, but the earliest known written version was published in Italy in 1634.
Robert M. Gates, Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War|Whatever actually happened or was said, McChystal's refusal to defend himself - to give me any ammunition to use on his behalf - made it impossible for me to save his job. But to this day, I believe he was given the bum's rush by Biden, White House staff, and NSS who harbored deep resentment toward his unyielding advocacy the previous fall of counterinsurgency and a huge troop surge in Afghanistan; who interpreted his public comments back than as "boxing in" the president; and who continued to oppose the strategy approved by the president and the way McChrystal was implementing it. I am convinced the "Rolling Stone" article gave the president, egged on by those around him in the White House, and himself distrustful of the senior military, and opportunity he welcomed to demonstrate vividly - to the public and to the Pentagon - that he was commander in chief and fully in control of the military.
H.P. Lovecraft, Cats and Dogs|Marco could not have known about the mystical effect of a full moon on cats and books left on their own in the library. Not until he saw the lines breathe, the words unveiled.
Christopher McCandless|In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the beginning there was a fruit stand. The fruit of life on one side, and the fruit of intelligence on the other. While most chose life, humanity chose intelligence, and became the dominate species on this planet.
Dinaw Mengestu, How to Read the Air|We are only here for a little while, and our bodies belong to ourselves and no one else.
Nora Ephron, Crazy Salad and Scribble Scribble: Some Things About Women and Notes on Media|A rational man never distorts or corrupts his own standards...in order to appeal to the irrationality, dishonesty or stupidity of others.
Justin Bienvenue, The Macabre Masterpiece: Poems of Horror and Gore|I Know Many Horror Authors Are Depressed or Act Miserable With Their lives. This Seems To Go With The Territory. For Example, Best-selling Horror Author, Joe Hill Talks About His Own Depression And Anxiety And How He Is Too Afraid To Take A Pill Because, of How This May Diminish And Destroy His Creative Side of Writing Horror. I Myself Happen To Feel The Exact Opposite. I Almost Always Noticed A More Creative Output In My Writing When On Pills.
Anais Nin|English people don't have very good diction. In France you have to pronounce very particularly and clearly, and learning French at an early age helped me enormously.
Sophie Barnes, How Miss Rutherford Got Her Groove Back|And then of course there was her opinion to consider. Would she ever care to entertain the thought of kissing him, let alone marrying him? He was willing to bet his life that she wasn't. Not yet anyway. Therefore, he had made up his mind. He had devised a carefully thought-out plan, its sole purpose being to eventually ensure Emily's hand in marriage. And he would do it the old fashioned way--through trickery.
Stephen Decatur|Reason and justice grip the remotest and the loneliest star. Look at those stars. Don’t they look as if they were single diamonds and sapphires? Well, you can imagine any mad botany or geology you please. Think of forests of adamant with leaves of brilliants. Think the moon is a blue moon, a single elephantine sapphire. But don’t fancy that all that frantic astronomy would make the smallest difference to the reason and justice of conduct. On plains of opal, under cliffs cut out of pearl, you would still find a notice-board, “Thou shalt not steal.
Justin Simien|I often say never write about white people. Not many people realize what I mean by this. Its pretty simple. Some may think its unrealistic to have an ethnically diverse cast but its ten times more unrealistic to see a cast of only white people. Like I don't know where you've grown up but the world isn't that way, at least not if your reading this post in English.
Don Rickles|When I am dead, I hope it may be said: His sins were scarlet, but his books were read.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Unconditional love corresponds to one of the deepest longings, not only of the child, but of every human being; on the other hand, to be loved because of one's merit, because one deserves it, always leaves doubt; maybe I did not please the person whom I want to love me,maybe this, or that—there is always a fear that love could disappear. Furthermore, "deserved" love easily leaves a bitter feeling that one is not loved for oneself, that one is loved only because one pleases, that one is, in the last analysis, not loved at all but used.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|During my lifetime I have dedicated myself to this struggle of the African people. I have fought against white domination, and I have fought against black domination. I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve. But if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.
Sarah Silverman, The Bedwetter: Stories of Courage, Redemption, and Pee|Many governments employ torture but this was the first time that the element of Saturnalia and pornography in the process had been made so clear to me. If you care to imagine what any inadequate or cruel man might do, given unlimited power over a woman, then anything that you can bring yourself to suspect was what became routine in ESMA, the Navy Mechanics School that became the headquarters of the business. I talked to Dr. Emilio Mignone, a distinguished physician whose daughter Monica had disappeared into the precincts of that hellish place. What do you find to say to a doctor and a humanitarian who has been gutted by the image of a starving rat being introduced to his daughter's genitalia? Like hell itself the school was endorsed and blessed by priests, in case any stray consciences needed to be stilled.
Howard Zinn|Greed and corruption isn't in the world.It's in the people".
Samantha Shannon, The Mime Order|Words are everything. Words give wings even to those who have been stamped upon, broken beyond all hope of repair.
Clyde Brion Davis, The Great American Novel|Federal Officer: "The arms piled on the ground were not worth 10 cents a ton.
Augusten Burroughs, Running with Scissors|I found I could listen without envy to Letty's singing, and afterwards when the applause came, I did not mind that Mrs Knowles was heaping praises upon her. Peter's hands were on my chair, and when I leaned back I could feel them against my shoulders.
Ortega y Gasset|But the man we are now analysing accustoms himself not to appeal from his own to any authority outside him. He is satisfied with himself exactly as he is. Ingenuously, without any need of being vain, as the most natural thing in the world, he will tend to consider and affirm as good everything he finds within himself: opinions, appetites, preferences, tastes. Why not, if, as we have seen, nothing and nobody force him to realise that he is a second-class man, subject to many limitations, incapable of creating or conserving that very organisation which gives his life the fullness and contentedness on which he bases this assertion of his personality?
Kirstie Collins Brote, Beware of Love in Technicolor|I grinned. “So you are human after all.” I touched his chest, feeling him breathe hard in and out. “I always thought you were made of steel, you know,” I said.“Superman?” Nat arched his eyebrows.“No, the Tin Man,” I answered back. I settled my head against his chest, turning my ear to listen to his heartbeat. “I sometimes wondered if you had a heart.” - Summer, Perfect Summer
Northern Adams, Mickey and the Gargoyle|Diversion is pernicious to depressives. Our lives are like waking dreams--correction, nightmares--where monsters chase us, never breaking off pursuit in order to rest or to eat or to look for easier prey. Diversion prevents us from confronting those monsters. If we never confront them, we have no hope of ever defeating them. Diversion does NOT work.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|Sometimes you have to realise that things will never change if you don’t make a change yourself, and sometimes, you need to realise that it only happened so that you could learn something.
Vannevar Bush|The fundamental concept in social science is Power, in the same sense in which Energy is the fundamental concept in physics.
Michel de Montaigne|A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He does not say  "My men were beaten " he says  "I was beaten."
Sunday Adelaja|If you suffer some losses, remember that after humility a reward from God will always follow
Gerard Manley Hopkins, The Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins|...Where we, even where we mean To mend her we end her, When we hew or delve:After-comers cannot guess the beauty been. Ten or twelve, only ten or twelve Strokes of havoc únselve The sweet especial scene, Rural scene, a rural scene, Sweet especial rural scene.
Louis C.K.|Persephone told me that you said it wasn't as good as you expected it. When she kissed you, I mean."Something flickered behind his eyes, but it was gone so fast that I couldn't tell what it was. "No, it was not. I find little joy in showing affection to somebody who does not return it.""Yeah, me too." I covered his hand with mine and pressed my lips against his palm. "It hurts being the one who loves more.
Hubert Martin|She was poetry written in pen, scribbled and scrawled again and again.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|The government is indeed an institution, but "the market" is nothing more than an option for each individual to chose among numerous existing institutions, or to fashion new arrangements suited to his own situation and taste.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are a follower of Jesus Christ , then the world around you will also be subdued
Sara Sheridan|While I'm frustrated at the amount I'm expected to take on in the present, the 1950s woman was frustrated by being excluded - not being allowed to take things on at all.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|Ego said, 'treat me like a game and I will show you how it's played'; Soul replied, 'ego can never lose; it is always a winner because ego is playing against itself [ego is me; soul is we]'.
Hugo Pratt|In a lifeworld, where we can be what we are, and not what people expect us to be, we can escape a blank and void existence, which is linked to wrecking ennui. Boredom often slips into revulsion and nausea, for not being able to find an identity and not succeeding in acquiring individuality with the quality of authenticity. ("Like a frozen image")
Anonymous|i'm in love with every creature on earth.. i don't want nobody to suffer, because i can feel the pain from all of them.. and i want to gave them love.. every creature on earth...
Paolo Bacigalupi|The more I write stories for young people, and the more young readers I meet, the more I'm struck by how much kids long to see themselves in stories. To see their identities and perspectives—their avatars—on the page. Not as issues to be addressed or as icons for social commentary, but simply as people who get to do cool things in amazing worlds. Yes, all the “issue” books are great and have a place in literature, but it's a different and wildly joyous gift to find yourself on the pages of an entertainment, experiencing the thrills and chills of a world more adventurous than our own.And when you see that as a writer, you quickly realize that you don't want to be the jerk who says to a young reader, “Sorry, kid. You don't get to exist in story; you're too different.” You don't want to be part of our present dystopia that tells kids that if they just stopped being who they are they could have a story written about them, too. That's the role of the bad guy in the dystopian stories, right? Given a choice, I'd rather be the storyteller who says every kid can have a chance to star.
Jean Vanier|A proverb in the Old Testament states: 'He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city'.It is when we become angry that we get into trouble. The road rage that affects our highways is a hateful expression of anger. I dare say that most of the inmates of our prisons are there because they did something when they were angry. In their wrath they swore, they lost control of themselves, and terrible things followed, even murder. There were moments of offense followed by years of regret. . . .So many of us make a great fuss of matters of small consequence. We are so easily offended. Happy is the man who can brush aside the offending remarks of another and go on his way.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you do what you love, the seemingly impossible becomes simply challenging, the laborious becomes purposeful resistance, the difficult loses its edge and is trampled by your progress.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|But before we cue the brass section to blare "The Stars and Stripes Forever," it might be worth taking another moment of melancholy silence to mourn the thwarted reconciliation with the mother country and what might have been. Anyone who accepts the patriots' premise that all men are created equal must come to terms with the fact that the most obvious threat to equality in eighteenth-century North America was not taxation without representation but slavery. Parliament would abolish slavery in the British Empire in 1833, thirty years before President Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation. A return to the British fold in 1776 might have freed American slaves three decades sooner, which is what, a generation and a half? Was independence for some of us more valuable than freedom for all of us? As the former slave Frederick Douglass put it in an Independence Day speech in 1852, "This is your Fourth of July, not mine.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Behaviours and habits are therefore the end result of the entire value chain and cannot be changed in a sustainable manner by scratching the surface - you have to dig deeper. This is why jail time, threats and sanctions without appropriate rehabilitation programs will not change a person unless they embark on a personal journey/program to initiate the process of change from the inner core – how the programs in their brain are wired to influence their beliefs.
Bill Gates|It's impossible to move, to live, to operate at any level without leaving traces, bits, seemingly meaningless fragments of personal information.
Thomas Babington Macaulay|Just as he who gives his life to serve a great idea is admirable, he who avails himself of a great idea to serve his personal hopes of glory and power is abominable, even if he too risks his life.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|So Janie waited a bloom time, and a green time and an orange time. But when the pollen again gilded the sun and sifted down on the world she began to stand around the gate and expect things. What things? She didn't know exactly. Her breath was gusty and short. She knew things that nobody had ever told her. For instance, the words of the trees and the wind. She often spoke to falling seeds and said, 'Ah hope you fall on soft ground,' because she had heard seeds saying that to each other as they passed. She knew the world was a stallion rolling in the blue pasture of ether. She knew that God tore down the old world every evening and built a new one by sun-up. It was wonderful to see it take form with the sun and emerge from the gray dust of its making. The familiar people and things had failed her so she hung over the gate and looked up the road towards way off. She knew now that marriage did not make love. Janie's first dream was dead, so she became a woman.
Debasish Mridha|If you know how blessed you are, you will never ever complain.
Dean Cavanagh|But you knew what would happen. Why would you choose to walk right into a situation where you know the person is going to be hurtful? It kills me to see you do that, and you do it all the time. It's like a form of insanity. - Peter MorrowYou call it insanity, I call it optimism. - Clara Morrow
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Happiness earned, not given.
Leonard Bernstein|This will be our reply to violence:to make music more intensely,more beautifully,more devotedly than ever before.
David B. Lentz, The Fine Art of Grace: A Novel|God's grace does not come to people who morally outperform others, but to those who admit their failure to perform and who acknowledge their need for a Savior
William Kittredge|Don't worry about meaning. If a story's any good, it can't help but have meaning. Let the PhDs tell you what your story means.
Gail Carriger, Poison or Protect|There is, one knows not what sweet mystery about this sea, whose gently awful stirrings seem to speak of some hidden soul beneath...
Arlen Specter|I don't want to be any more interesting than I am. I love the life that I get to live, which is one of real independence and privacy and autonomy.
Aaron David|Go for your goal, be ambitious. Do what you dream, unlock your wishes.
Jaycee Ford|Everyone wants to protect their heart, but without pain, one can never have joy.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|Lada made her face stone, her heart a mountain. A mountain that would never be pierced to let cold, clear water flow. “Nothing holds me here.
Carl Lotus Becker, The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth Century Philosophers|We perceive, as from a great distance, a thousand years filled with dim shapes of men moving blindly, performing strangely, in an unreal shadowy world.
Unknown|The synopsis looked good,the cover looked nice,you opened the book,and began a new life.You found a new home,you met some new friends,you kept on reading,hoping it would never end.You danced through the pages,you sang out the words,you felt all their joy,and all their pain and hurt.The pages cut your fingers,the words cut your heart,like the author had a knife,and was tearing your soul apart.You laughed with the characters,and with them you cried,you fell in love with them, too,and with them you died,and when the book reached its end,and your broken heart couldn't heal,you suddenly realized that It's not real
Colleen Truscott Fry|We are all Romeos looking for our Juliet, but never finding her.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Fear banged at the door; Love answered,and discovered the disturbance had gone.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|In the past you have suppressed and denied the ego system. The ego has not been raised to awareness, but once you start to raise it to awareness and the stuff starts getting flushed up, there is a strong tendency to want to project. Even though the ego is now being unveiled, you are seeing that the mind is still very strongly invested in it and that is where the guilt comes in. The transcendence will eventually come where we are able to detach in our mind from those false thoughts, from the attack thoughts; we will be able to just calmly see the false as false. But that is one of the stages that we go through. Once it starts to get flushed up there is a real tendency to project – to be what Jesus calls the unhealed healer. You want to go around and give healing without having healed yourselves and it is just to watch as we do this, and go through it.
ejump - 2016|Merry christmas to those who celebrate it...forgive your enemy, tolerance to your opponents, generosity to your friends, LOVE to your family, be good example to the kids and respect to yourself..is the best gift during this holy day...may you have the most joyful year!!! (Ejump,2016)
Marty Rubin|My feeling about work is that it's an unnecessary evil, so I've always done my best to avoid it.
Wilder Dwight Bancroft|Facts, and facts alone, are the foundation of science... When one devotes oneself to experimental research it is in order to augment the sum of known facts, or to discover their mutual relations.
Philip Larkin|Caught in the center of a soundless fieldWhile hot inexplicable hours go byWhat trap is this? Where were its teeth concealed?You seem to ask.I make a sharp reply,Then clean my stick. I'm glad I can't explainJust in what jaws you were to suppurate:You may have thought things would come right againIf you could only keep quite still and wait.
Stephen King, Everything's Eventual: 14 Dark Tales|In a marriage, words are like rain. And the land of a marriage is filled with dry washes and arroyos that can become raging rivers in almost the wink of an eye. The therapists believe in talk, but most of them are either divorced or queer. It's silence that is a marriage's best friend.
Ben Okri|The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
K.B. Shinn, Restless Beauty: A Fractured Faerie Tale|The literary fairy tale became an acceptable social symbolic form through which conventionalized motifs, characters, and plots were selected, composed, arranged, and rearranged to comment on the civilizing process and to keep alive the possibility of miraculous change and a sense of wonderment.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|You must always be puzzled by mental illness. The thing I would dread most, if I became mentally ill, would be your adopting a common sense attitude; that you could take it for granted that I was deluded
David Graeber, Fragments of an Anarchist Anthropology|Barriers to accumulation are perpetually dissolving and re-forming around the issue of so-called natural scarcities and on occasion, as Marx might put it, these barriers can be transformed into absolute contradictions and crises.
Richard Castle|At its best fashion is a game. But for women it's a compulsory game, like net ball, and you can't get out of it by faking your period. I know I have tried. And so for a woman every outfit is a hopeful spell, cast to influence the outcome of the day. An act of trying to predict your fate, like looking at your horoscope. No wonder there are so many fashion magazines. No wonder the fashion industry is worth an estimated 900 billion dollars a year. No wonder every woman's first thought is, for nearly every event in her life, be it work, snow or birth. The semi-despairing cry of "but what will I wear?" Because when a woman says I have nothing to wear, what she really means is there is nothing here for who I am supposed to be today.
Vishwanath S J|Fear doesn't let you fail, it releases you from illusion!
Julie Andrews|If one tries to think about history, it seems to me - it's like looking at a range of mountains. And the first time you see them, they look one way. But then time changes, the pattern of light shifts. Maybe you've moved slightly, your perspective has changed. The mountains are the same, but they look very different.
Jay-Z|If you want your tree to produce plenty o' fruit, you've got to cut it back from time to time. Same thing with your neural cells. Some people might call it brain damage. I call it prunin'.
Hubert Martin|I was lost in the moments I decided to keep. To be awake in a dreamless sleep. And in that place between dream and sleep, I planted some more things I would like to keep.
Kelley Armstrong, Omens|Take note, Anderson. Size and martial ability do not need to come with a correlating decrease in intelligence.
Charles R. Swindoll, Rise & Shine: A Wake Up Call|Emotional pain is a terrible thing to endure, but the solution is not anything unbiblical.
Shinya Yamanaka|It is a medical fact that children can have a better chance in life with better looks, better health and more vigor if the teeth, nose, throat and mouth are taken proper care of at the crucial time of childhood.
Kanan Makiya|Even with the desire for a better life, we can be reluctant to do the work of boundaries because it will be a war. The battle falls into two categories: outside resistance we get from others and the resistance we get from ourselves.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|Death is not your termination but your transition into eternity, so there are eternal consequences to everything you do on earth. Every act of our lives strikes some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
T.C. Carrier|One can never "fall" in love, you must rise to it's level of consciousness. Love is not a feeling, it's a state of MIND!
David W. Earle|In order for a person to be able to “turn our lives and our wills” over requires something very difficult for a spiritually wounded person to accomplish - Trust. Yet, to accomplish this step, trust of the spirit must be present.
Peter  Rogers|The night before a biochemistry class, I read the last year's lecture notes. I look at the pictures in the book. Now, I've got the general concept. Sure...There's a couple of details to fill in and a a few things to memorize. But that's no big deal. I've got the big picture, and that's all I need.Bring it on professor, I'm ready.That's right.The next day, I'm a goalie sitting in the front row."Nothin gets past me."My ability to comprehend a biochemistry lecture just went from 30% to 95%. I went on to score 780 out of a possible 800 on the medical school boards exam in biochemistry. Given that the 99th percentile began around 690, this was one of the highest scores in the USA, perhaps the highest.
Debasish Mridha|In life, you achieve nirvana when you learn to love unconditionally.
Jodi Picoult|At 17, the smallest crises took on tremendous proportions; someone else's thoughts could take root in the loam of your own mind; having someone accept you was as vital as oxygen. Adults, light years away from this, rolled their eyes and smirked and said, 'This too shall pass' - as if adolescence was a disease like chicken pox, something everyone recalled as a milk nuisance, completely forgetting how painful it had been at the time.
Deyth Banger|A crack of lightning, an explosion of thunder, the sound of pounding rain.
Venkat Gandhi|In 2011 India’s Test team was crowned as world cricket’s leading side for the first time in its history. The foundations for this global domination can be traced to a decade earlier, when a career-defining performance by VVS Laxman helped to turn a whole series on its head as India, in the face of a seemingly unassailable deficit, staged an unbelievable recovery to go on and overpower what many considered to be the finest cricket team ever assembled.
Benedict Jacka, Cursed|I don’t sell spells, and I don’t sell tricks. I don’t carry illusions or marked cards or weighted coins. I cannot sell you an endless purse or help you win the lottery. I can’t make that girl you’ve got your eye on fall in love with you, and I wouldn’t do it even if I could. I don’t have a psychic hotline to your dead relatives, I don’t know if you’re going to be successful in your career, and I don’t know when you’re going to get married. I can’t get you into Hogwarts or any other kind of magic school, and if you even mention those stupid sparkly vampires I will do something unpleasant to you.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Retribution|Sasha snorted. "I have never in my extremely long life seen anyone take so long to answer a question. It's like you went into your brain and got lost. you need a bread crumb, buddy?" He made a noise like he was calling his pet. "Here Lassie, here. Come back girl.
Emily Thorne|And that - he pointed ahead - is the road to Hell. That's where we're going. I have always heard it was paved with good intentions, said Simon
Damon Galgut, Arctic Summer|Don't worry, I plan on living a long time.""Why are you making a bucket list, then?""Because if you wait until you're really dying, it's too late.
Voltaire|Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you want money, you must work to earn it.
Adrienne Mayor|We are used to thinking of Amazon myths in terms of violence against uppity women, but the ancient evidence also reveals a vision of gender equality.
Jamie Chung|A lot of restaurants serve good food, but they don't have very good service.
Chuck Norris|What's David's role? David looks good, that's what David does. David looks good, and I'm the funny one, that's what I hear constantly. But I keep telling him that looks fade.
Boris Pasternak|Man is born to live, not to prepare for life. Life itself, the phenomenon of life, the gift of life, is so breath-takingly serious!
John Yokoyama, When Fish Fly: Lessons for Creating a Vital and Energized Workplace from the World Famous Pike Place Fish Market|You listen to people so that you can imagine them, and you hear all the terrible and wonderful things people do to themselves and to one another, but in the end the listening exposes you even more than it exposes the people you’re trying to listen to.
Sallie Krawcheck|People say to me, 'Has being a woman helped or hindered your career?' And the answer is yes.
Sam Yagan|My work involves online dating, but I believe almost every behavior exhibited online has an offline corollary. Really, the medium doesn't change human nature.
Elaine Seiler, Your Multi-Dimensional Workbook: Exercises for Energetic Awakening|He was following the Earth through its days, drifting with the rhythms of its myriad pulses, seeping through the webs of its life, swelling with its tides, turning with its weight.
James Patterson, Max|He could totally be your boyfriend," [Angel] went on with annoying persistance. "You guys could get married. I could be like a junior bridesmaid. Total could be your flower dog.""I'm only a kid!" I shrieked. "I can't get married!""You could in New Hamps
Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell|The days passed in a dream. I pictured our reunion again and again, played it out in my mind over and over until I’d almost worn a groove in my thoughts, so deep that it seemed the only thing I could think of was our reunion. Anticipation is a gift. Perhaps there is none greater. Anticipation is born of hope. Indeed it is hope’s finest expression. In hope’s loss, however, is the greatest despair.
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|The closer and more completely you can come to explaining what a work of art means, the less like art it seems.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian|When you handle books all day long, every new one is a friend and a temptation.
George Carlin|And here's something else, another problem you might have: Suppose your prayers aren't answered. What do you say? "Well, it's God's will." "Thy Will Be Done." Fine, but if it's God's will, and He's going to do what He wants to anyway, why the fuck bother praying in the first place? Seems like a big waste of time to me! Couldn't you just skip the praying part and go right to His Will? It's all very confusing.
Hávamál - The sayings of the high one|To be the cynosure of all eyes, do the extraordinary when you are least expected.
Jamie A. Hughes|The longer a life, the challenge is not the distance between destinations, but the difficulty of travelling light. My soul’s a portmanteau packed full, one half filled with what was, the other with what is, what should be.
Dada Bhagwan|All day long, no one is at fault for anything. Whatever faults we see; we see them because of our own defects.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|We get so wrapped up in what we should do, what we think we can’t do because of our problems, what material goods we need, what kind of person we wish we were…but we never ask our soul what it wants, at the core of everything.
Naomi Klein|In a time in which Communist regimes have been rightfully discredited and yet alternatives to neoliberal capitalist societies are unwisely dismissed, I defend the fundamental claim of Marxist theory: there must be countervailing forces that defend people's needs against the brutality of profit driven capitalism.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|At least I understood that writing was this: an impulse to share with other people a feeling or truth that I myself had. Not to preach to them, but to give it to them if they cared to hear it.
Junius Williams, Unfinished Agenda: Urban Politics in the Era of Black Power|There are turning points in everyone's life when we have to fight, even if we have to do it by ourselves and in public.
Philippa Gregory, The Queen's Fool|But would I have chosen to be Paul? I'd miss Will too much, the feel of his shins.
Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery|Our lives are part of a unique adventure... Nevertheless, most of us think the world is 'normal' and are constantly hunting for something abnormal--like angels or Martians. But that is just because we don't realize the world is a mystery. As for myself, I felt completely different. I saw the world as an amazing dream. I was hunting for some kind of explanation of how everything fit together.
Saminu Kanti|Politics is like a branches on a tree, they all grow in different directions but their roots remain as one.
Carol Alt|I got into being vegan because I was simply looking to benefit from being more compassionate. I have since come to learn that it is an animal-based diet that is responsible for the overwhelming majority of cases of cancer, heart disease, diabetes, obesity, multiple sclerosis, and all kinds of other problems.
Naima Simone, Killer Curves|She gritted her teeth. "You can't just... get into my bed like this."	A ghost of a smile played across his face.	"I already have," he murmured.
John Berger|Happiness is not something to be pursued, it is something met, an encounter. Most encounters, however, have a sequel; this is their promise. The encounter with happiness has no sequel. All is there instantly. Happiness is what pierces grief.
Agatha Christie|A human being is primarily a bag for putting food into; the other functions and faculties may be more godlike, but in point of time they come afterwards. A man dies and is buried, and all his words and actions are forgotten, but the food he has eaten lives after him in the sound or rotten bones of his children. I think it could be plausibly argued that changes of diet are more important than changes of dynasty or even of religion....Yet it is curious how seldom the all-importance of food is recognized. You see statues everywhere to politicians, poets, bishops, but none to cooks or bacon-curers or market gardeners.
Alfred Hayes, In Love|I made spasmodic efforts to work, assuring myself that once I began working I would forget her. The difficulty was in beginning. There was a feeling of weakness, a sort of powerlessness now, as though I were about to be ill but was never quite ill enough, as though I were about to come down with something I did not quite come down with. It seemed to me that for the first time in my life I had been in love, and had lost, because of the grudgingness of my heart, the possibility of having what, too late, I now thought I wanted. What was it that all my life I had so carefully guarded myself against? What was it that I had felt so threatened me? My suffering, which seemed to me to be a strict consequence of having guarded myself so long, appeared to me as a kind of punishment, and this moment, which I was now enduring, as something which had been delayed for half a lifetime. I was experincing, apparently, an obscure crisis of some kind. My world acquired a tendency to crumble as easily as a soda cracker. I found myself horribly susceptible to small animals, ribbons in the hair of little girls, songs played late at night over lonely radios. It became particularly dangerous for me to go near movies in which crippled girls were healed by the unselfish love of impoverished bellhops. I had become excessively tender to all the more obvious evidences of the frailness of existence; I was capable of dissolving at the least kind word, and self-pity, in inexhaustible doses, lay close to my outraged surface. I moved painfully, an ambulatory case, mysteriously injured.
Paul Isaacs|A book written within, contains ideas and thoughts from all over, where each page explains itself.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Were I a philosopher, I should write a philosophy of toys, showing that nothing else in life need to be taken seriously, and that Christmas Day in the company of children is one of the few occasions on which men become entirely alive.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|In the realm of the unknown, difficulties must be viewed as a hidden treasure! Usually, the more difficult, the better. It's not as valuable if your difficulties stem from your own inner struggle. But when difficulties arise out of increasing objective resistance, that's marvelous!
Jeff Goins, Wrecked: When a Broken World Slams into your Comfortable Life|We who are rich with respect to the rest of the world must come to grips with our own poverty if we are going to make a difference. We must allow our hearts to be broken so we can make things whole once again. We must fall apart before we can build up. Anything else is not compassion. It may raise money or impress the neighbors, but it won't satisfy.
Giorgio Roversi, The Amorality of Atheism|It is no coincidence that every civilisation in human history has recognised at its foundation an element of sacredness, to which the civil authority is ultimately bound. The sacred is an awareness of moral boundaries that are not circumscribed by us, of an ultimate reason that cannot be found in us. It is the realisation that what binds us together as a society is something that lies beyond ourselves, and that human beings have an inherent value that cannot be arbitrarily limited or denied by political, economic or social power.
Debasish Mridha|You are the love, the lover, and the beloved.
Risa Lavizzo-Mourey|Increasingly we know that we're going to have multiple medical conditions, and the person who's got the greatest incentive to manage those conditions is the patient him or herself.
Anne Carson, Decreation|THE PRESOCRATIC PROBLEM[all snap flags]Parmenides named his gun The Hot Power of the Stars. His gun was one, uncreated, imperishable, timeless, changeless, perfect, spherical. Spherical was the problem.
Nevada Barr, The Rope|Their love was like a prison, and I the willing inmate.
Solamon Energy|Solamon Energy Corp (SSL), "The Company", is neither offering nor has offered any shares for sale to the general public IPO and has not engaged any agents to do so, as shares can only be traded through GXG Markets by authorized brokers. Potential investors cautioned against solicitation by any unauthorized brokers to purchase SSL:GXG (London) shares. Economic Frauds has been reported. No affiliation with unauthorized offshore broker activity Fisher Capital (FCM) fraud.
Auberon Herbert|Why should you desire to compel others; why should you seek to have power— that evil, bitter, mocking thing, which has been from of old, as it is today, the sorrow and curse of the world—over your fellow-men and fellow-women? Why should you desire to take from any man or woman their own will and intelligence, their free choice, their own self-guidance, their inalienable rights over themselves; why should you desire to make of them mere tools and instruments for your own advantage and interest; why should you desire to compel them to serve and follow your opinions instead of their own; why should you deny in them the soul—that suffers so deeply from all constraint—and treat them as a sheet of blank paper upon which you may write your own will and desires, of whatever kind they may happen to be? Who gave you the right, from where do you pretend to have received it, to degrade other men and women from their own true rank as human beings, taking from them their will, their conscience, and intelligence—in a word, all the best and highest part of their nature—turning them into mere empty worthless shells, mere shadows of the true man and women, mere counters in the game you are mad enough to play, and just because you are more numerous or stronger than they, to treat them as if they belonged not to themselves, but to you? Can you believe that good will ever come by morally and spiritually degrading your fellow-men? What happy and safe and permanent form of society can you hope to build on this pitiful plan of subjecting others, or being yourselves subjected by them?
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|People don't appreciate music any more. They don't adore it. They don't buy vinyl and just love it. They love their laptops like their best friend, but they don't love a record for its sound quality and its artwork.
Sun Yat-sen|Feminism is nothing but equality, and actually, feminism benefits men because it liberates us and it releases us from many stigmas imposed by the macho culture on us as well. So if more of us could understand that it's nothing but equality, I think many agendas in terms of equality would have advanced quicker because it really helps us as well.
David Baldacci, The Christmas Train|Brave Americans in past wars didn't die for the actual flag--they died for the freedom it represents, including the freedom to burn it.
Sebastian Barry|While I can’t walk on water, I can certainly wobble on whisky.
Theodore Sturgeon|Astronauts have been stuck in low-Earth orbit, boldly going nowhere. American attempts to kick-start a new phase of lunar exploration have stalled amid the realisation that NASA's budget is too small for the job.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|It's the mind that sees, not eyes.
Andre Rieu|I didn't really want to live, so anything that was an investment in time made me angry... but also I just felt sad. When the hopelessness is hurting you, it's the fixtures and fittings that finish you off.
Bryan Cranston|I don't see divorce as a failure. I see it as the end to a story. In a story, everything has an end and a beginning.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|In moments of prayer, people tend to pose as a critic and point out perceived flaws in God's art.
Russell Means|If our nation goes over a financial Niagara, we won't have much strength and, eventually, we won't have peace. We are currently borrowing the entire defense budget from foreign investors. Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security. That is not, as our military friends say, a 'robust strategy.'
Magda Szubanski, Reckoning: A Memoir|In the aftermath of destruction, a silence settles – the stillness of fresh loss. People’s cheerful chatter is fainter, the blue color of sky dimmer; now that horror is undeniable and feels inescapable, the value of life seems lessened.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|Guess that's thirty-one pieces of silver you've got now, huh? Sleep well, Judas.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|I feel love is like a cigarette –you know it is not good for you but by the time you realize, you are so addicted to it that you can't leave it.
E.G. Kardos, The Amulet: Journey to Sirok|Yes, I am your enemy, as I was in my other incarnations, but that is my nature, and it is something I cannot escape. As I am defeated today, I tell you to believe what you will. Just as you believe in yourself, your worst enemies believe in themselves
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|In the hands of thinking humanity, the purpose of the tool of Divinity or Religion is not the service of bookish doctrines, but the realization of the self.
Holly Hood, Wingless|Death is around everyone’s corner, people try to run and hide from it, but it al-ways catches up with them. Like a bad scene from a horror movie. Death stalks you like a lion, waiting for just the right moment to attack. You can run but sooner or later you’ll trip and death will devour you. Did anyone know the secret to outrun death? No one that lived to tell about it, that’s saying something right?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Make it your goal to become more like Christ by refusing to let sin have its way, and pursuing instead that which is pure and good in the sight of God.
John Marsden, So Much to Tell You|I feel like I'm dropping such a long way down again." "I seem to be dropping into a cold dark wet place, where no one's been before and noone can every follow. There's no future there; just a past that sometimes fools you into thinking it's the future. It's the most alone place you can ever be and, when you go there, you not only cease to exist in real life, you also cease to exist in their consciousness and in their memories.
Yasmina Khadra|Was I still myself? If so, who was I? I wasn’t really interested in knowing that. It had no sort of importance for me anymore. Some moorings had broken, some taboos had fallen, and a world of spells and anathemas was springing up from their ruins. What was terrifying about this whole affair was the ease with which I passed from one universe to another without feeling out of place. Such a smooth transition. I had gone to bed a docile, courteous boy, and I’d awakened with an inextinguishable rage lodged in my very flesh. I carried my hatred like a second nature; it was my armor and my shirt of Nessus, my pedestal and my stake; it was all that remained to me in this false, unjust, arid, and cruel life.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|Garrick was panting when he replied, “You’re not forcing me to do anything. I just want you to be sure. You can say stop at anytime.” His lips pulled wide. “You don’t need to make up a new pet.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|The harder you slam a ball into the ground, the higher it bounces back up... A divorce, a breakup, losing a job, or just feeling seriously down can ground you, rough you up a bit, leave calluses on your feet and grit under your finger nails. But more than that, it leaves you wiser and stronger next time... Life is about experiencing opposites isn’t it?
Lisa Kessler, New Moon|My father’s corporation, the Nero Organization, supplied assassins for hire. Killing was our business, and business had been good for years.
Santosh Kalwar|I am not protecting myself or preaching you my story, Reasons will be many but life will move on even in painful journey.
Tamara Hughes|Food stall owners reach out with menus, calling out their dinner selections like midway prizes
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|How did that go” [Butler] asked. “Your first lengthy conversation with a girl your own age.”“Fabulous,” said Artemis, his voice dripping with sarcasm. “We’re planning a June wedding.
Michelle Rowen, Dark Kiss|Now, now. Southern ladies don’t French-kiss and tell.
Mehek Bassi|Whenever I use to think of others, I had to sacrifice myself...., Its called life in earth where you had to think a lot to do or not to do, the things you like or dislike.....
Jay Crownover, Riveted|No one had ever given me any idea on how to handle it when the right one came along, but you weren't the right one for him.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|That which isn’t love, isn’t god.
Tanya Masse|Hana yori dango. Dumplings over flowers. It basically means that someone should value needs over wants, substance over appearance. As in, make sure you have food and shelter before you burn money on something extravagant. And, you know, choose genuine friends who will be there for you over pretty, shallow ones. Don't get carried away by beauty if it leaves you empty.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The mind provides a person with the mental fortitude to survive any physical or spiritual crisis. For the present time, I am satisfying myself by building a little shop in the back of my mind, a place where stillness resides and a jangle of thoughts can come and visit. I am building a room of my own, a room that I can retreat to when needed, a place where I am always welcomed regardless of the trappings of this ordinary and finite life. I do not need much as far as earthy rewards, but I certainly will not spurn food, drink, companionship, love, affection, friendship, or other physical, emotional, spiritual, aesthetic, and sensuous pleasures that find their way to my humble doorstep.
Nancy Yi Fan, Sword Quest|A pair of starfighters. Jedi starfighters. Only two.Two is enough.Two is enough because the adults are wrong, and their younglings are right.Though this is the end of the age of heroes, it has saved its best for last.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|None of these apparent sightings interested Hawksmoor, since it was quite usual for members of the public to come forward with such accounts and to describe unreal figures who took on the adventitious shape already suggested by newspaper accounts. There were even occasions when a number of people would report sightings of the same person, as if a group of hallucinations might create their own object which then seemed to hover for a while in the streets of London. And Hawksmoor knew that if he held a reconstruction of the crime by the church, yet more people would come forward with their own versions of time and event; the actual killing then became blurred and even inconsequential, a flat field against which others painted their own fantasies of murderer and victim.
John Darnielle, Wolf in White Van|I am metaphysical being, mystical and emotional, skeptical and cynical, happy and boisterous, loud and bawdy, quiet and melancholy, tender and cruel, full of mirth and despair. Inherent inconsistences mark me as part of nature, which is neither cruel nor fair, or reliable or predictable.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If you are a true Christian, you will not give way at home to bad temper, impatience, fault-finding, sarcasm, unkindness, suspicion, selfishness, or laziness.
Sanjay Dutt|When I was in Philadelphia during the Depression in 1930 or '31, I got a very sad job as a night watchman in a garage. The cars in the garage had been abandoned by their owners, since they had lost their jobs and couldn't keep up the payments.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|Preserve the spirit of a ‘lost’ age, when time moved slower.
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|seriously. “Just because you can’t experience everything doesn’t mean you shouldn’t experience anything.-Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything
Warren E. Burger|The legal system is often a mystery, and we, its priests, preside over rituals baffling to everyday citizens.
Brent Green, Questions of the Spirit: The Quest for Understanding at a Time of Loss|Looking at death can be life-affirming. It doesn’t need to mire us in thoughts of uselessness, nihilism, self-recrimination, and indifference to the future. Just a reminder that our days are numbered invites us to consider our blessings, strengthen our resolve to carry on, and escalate our compassion for all creatures, great and small.
Steve Mnuchin|Spend the first six to 12 months building a great product or service that people love, rather than chasing investors. When the time comes to engage investors, you will be meeting them from a position of strength. This makes all the difference.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Remember, I am always 12 steps ahead..
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|Now that she had run away and seen a bit of the country, Cora wasn't sure the document described anything real at all. America was a ghost in the darkness, like her.
Jay Woodman|Whenever he can, Werner records what the partisans say on magnetic tape. Everybody, he is learning, likes to hear themselves talk. Hubris, like the oldest stories. They raise the antenna too high, broadcast for too many minutes, assume the world offers safety and rationality when of course it does not.
M.E. Thomas, Confessions of a Sociopath: A Life Spent Hiding in Plain Sight|He has been known to devour men.” “He’s a cannibal?” Cadmus asked in horror. “Well, not really,” Daemon replied. “He is a Cyclops. He does not eat his own kind — just men and only those who challenge him … he does not hunt them.
Ed Begley, Jr.|Each of us should take personal responsibility for our diet, and our children's diet, and the government's role should be to make certain it provides the best information possible to help people stay healthy.
Aleister Crowley, Magick Without Tears|That will solve nothing, my lord.” His wife strode into the kitchen, stiff pride shining in her eyes. “I told you to keep her in hand.” Brodick glared at his cousin, wondering just when his life had turned inside out. Druce scowled at the sweet smile Brodrick’s wife cast toward him. He lifted his finger and pointed at her. “She bit me.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|The more people explore the world, the more they realize in every country there's a different aesthetic. Beauty really is in the eye of the beholder.
Stewart Stafford, The Vorbing|But a vague jealousy, one of those dormant jealousies that develop between brothers or sisters almost unnoticed until maturity, only to burst out when one of them marries or has a stroke of good fortune, kept them constantly on the alert in a fraternal, unaggressive hostility. They did love each other, yet they kept an eye on each other.
Bill Frist|I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.
M.F. Moonzajer|What you love is a clue to your calling and talent.As you assume the responsibilities of the present, take time to enjoy the privileges available to you now. Today's action will speak better of tomorrow and more.
Laurie Lee, Cider With Rosie|Bees blew like cake-crumbs through the golden air, white butterflies like sugared wafers, and when it wasn't raining a diamond dust took over which veiled and yet magnified all things
Søren Kierkegaard|Mine’: what does this word mean? Not what belongs to me, but what I belong to, what contains my whole being, which is mine only so far as I belong to it. My God is not the God that belongs to me, but the God to whom I belong; and so, too, when I say my native land, my home, my calling, my longing, my hope. If there had been no immortality before, this thought that I am yours would be a breach of the normal course of nature.”—Johannes the Seducer, from_Either/Or_
Laurie Helgoe|To survive, you've got to keep wheedling your way. You can't just sit there and fight against odds when it's not going to work. You have to turn a corner, dig a hole, go through a tunnel - and find a way to keep moving.
Federico Fellini|I don’t like the idea of “understanding” a film. I don’t believe that rational understanding is an essential element in the reception of any work of art. Either a film has something to say to you or it hasn’t. If you are moved by it, you don’t need it explained to you. If not, no explanation can make you moved by it.
Tracey Emin|We have three cats. It's like having children, but there is no tuition involved.
Guy de Maupassant|When good Americans die, they go to Paris.
Kelley Armstrong, Visions|Once your life has caused the creation of a desire, your workis done, and natural forces and laws will take over.
Mariel Hemingway, Out Came the Sun: Overcoming the Legacy of Mental Illness, Addiction, and Suicide in My Family|…there is rarely any rhyme or reason in suicides. They can be a cry for help gone wrong, or a punishment to those you’re leaving behind, or one fateful twenty-minute window when you lose your bearings and can’t find the reasons to go on.
Fahad Rashiq|None of us are perfect, so a true friend will never look for defects in you as a person, it won't even cross their mind. Your happiness will be their main concern.
Jeffery Deaver|Too small is our world to allow discrimination, bigotry and intolerance to thrive in any corner of it, let alone in the United States of America.
Patrick O'Brian, The Nutmeg of Consolation|Sir,’ said Stephen, ‘I read novels with the utmost pertinacity. I look upon them--I look upon good novels--as a very valuable part of literature, conveying more exact and finely-distinguished knowledge of the human heart and mind than almost any other, with greater breadth and depth and fewer constraints.
Debasish Mridha|In life, nothing is impossible to achieve when you have enthusiasm, optimism, confidence, and commitment.
Hélène Cixous|To fly/steal is woman’s gesture, to steal into language to make it fly.
Mira Nair|When I planned my wedding the first time, my ex-husband and I, we were both struggling comics. I had a TV show that had gotten cancelled. Basically, I rented a wedding gown; the reception hall smelled like feet.
Anne Holm, I Am David|We humans are prone to err, and to err systematically, outrageously, and with utter confidence. We are also prone to hold our mistaken notions dear, protecting and nourishing them like our own children. We defend them at great cost. We surround ourselves with safe people, people who will appreciate our cherished views. We avoid those who suggest that our exalted ideas, our little emperors, have no clothes.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Peaceful is the one who's not concerned with having more or less.Unbound by name and fame, he is free from sorrow from the world and mostly from himself.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Do you see that patch of blue in the sky, fighting to be seen through the clouds?""Yes." She nodded, but her brows were scrunched in obvious confusion as to what his point would be."That was my life when I met you. After Mellie died, my life was a constant rainy day. I couldn't imagine the sun ever shining again. Then I met you, and the dark clouds started to drift away. I could see blue skies again and they were pushing out the clouds. As I got to know you, there were more blue skies and sunshine in my life.
Seth Shostak|My father values talent. He recognizes real knowledge and skill when he finds it. He is color blind and gender neutral. He hires the best person for the job, period.
BikeSnobNYC, The Enlightened Cyclist: Commuter Angst, Dangerous Drivers, and Other Obstacles on the Path to Two-Wheeled Trancendence|...the concept of marketing is almost as old as humanity itself...suffice it to say here that it took almost no time for a wily serpent to sell Adam and Eve on a shiny apple from the Tree of Knowledge, at which point they became not only the first humans but also the first marketing demographic, and God expelled them from the Garden of Eden for being total consumerist dupes. (p. 40)
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Acknowledge that there is a defect in human nature, a built-in waywardness that comes from man’s rebellion against God.
Helen Oyeyemi, What is Not Yours is Not Yours|The wooden devil got a good laugh out of the ones who passed by, though. They were so funny she couldn't even feel sorry for them. They tried so hard to keep track of time. Whenever they were together they couldn't let sixty of their minutes pass without asking each other what time it was; as if time was a volatile currency that they either possessed or did not possess, when in fact time was more of a fog that rose inexorably over all their words and deeds so that they were either forgotten or misremembered.
C. JoyBell C.|Today, young girls measure the quality of their beauty based upon its entertainment value. The more people are entertained by their beauty, the more beautiful they think they must be. This is very unfortunate and I would like young girls to know that their beauty is a crown; not a clown. And crowns are best worn with elegance and serenity.
Charles Yu, Sorry Please Thank You: Stories|Nobody wants to know how you feel, yet, they want you to do what they feel.
Steven Levenkron, The Best Little Girl in the World|Some of us are born to live and to fight, Echo. Others are born to fight for their right to live. When those two collide, there’s hell to pay.
Andy Raskin|As far as I’m concerned, eighteen holes of golf is the only happiness that money can buy. - Momofuku Ando
Oscar Wilde, Lord Arthur Savile's Crime and Other Stories|Very little of the great cruelty shown by men can really be attributed to cruel instinct. Most of it comes from thoughtlessness or inherited habit. The roots of cruelty, therefore, are not so much strong as widespread. But the time must come when inhumanity protected by custom and thoughtlessness will succumb before humanity championed by thought. Let us work that this time may come.
Mahatma Gandhi|I believe though I do not comprehend, and I hold by faith what I cannot grasp with the mind.
Grigoris Deoudis|Freedom is to stand naked at the moment, having no expectations, nothing to lose or to gain. The empty then is fulfilled, just to be emptied again at the next moment. The Absolute Freedom is, to become every path, at any given moment.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Raven and Other Poems|I saw thee once - only once - years ago:I must not say how many - but not many.It was a July midnight; and from outA full-orbed moon, that, like thine own soul, soaring,Sought a precipitate pathway up through heaven,There fell a silvery-silken veil of light,With quietude, and sultriness, and slumber,Upon the upturn'd faces of a thousandRoses that grew in an enchanted garden,Where no wind dared stir, unless on tiptoe -Fell on the upturn'd faces of these rosesThat gave out, in return for the love-light,Their odorous souls in an ecstatic death -Fell on the upturn'd faces of these rosesThat smiled and died in the parterre, enchantedBy thee, and by the poetry of thy presence.Clad all in white, upon a violet bankI saw thee half reclining; while the moonFell upon the upturn'd faces of the roses,And on thine own, upturn'd - alas, in sorrow!Was it not Fate, that, on this July midnight -Was it not Fate, (whose name is also Sorrow,)That bade me pause before that garden-gate,To breathe the incense of those slumbering roses?No footsteps stirred: the hated world all slept,Save only thee and me. (Oh, Heaven! - oh, G**!How my heart beats in coupling those two words!)Save only thee and me. I paused - I looked -And in an instant all things disappeared.(Ah, bear in mind the garden was enchanted!)The pearly lustre of the moon went out:The mossy banks and the meandering paths,The happy flowers and the repining trees,Were seen no more: the very roses' odorsDied in the arms of the adoring airs.All - all expired save thee - save less than thou:Save only divine light in thine eyes -Save but the soul in thine uplifted eyes.I saw but them - they were the world to me.I saw but them - saw only them for hours -Saw only them until the moon went down.What wild heart-histories seemed to lie enwrittenUpon those crystalline, celestial spheres!How dark a wo! yet how sublime a hope!How silently serene a sea of pride!How daring an ambition! yet how deep -How fathomless a capacity for love!But now, at length, dear Dian sank from sight,Into a western couch of thunder-cloud;And thou, a ghost, amid the entombing treesDidst glide away. Only thine eyes remained.They would not go - they never yet have gone.Lighting my lonely pathway home that night,They have not left me (as my hopes have) since.They follow me - they lead me through the years.They are my ministers - yet I their slave.Their office is to illumine and enkindle -My duty, to be saved by their bright fire,And purified in their electric fire,And sanctified in their elysian fire.They fill my soul with Beauty (which is Hope,)And are far up in Heaven - the stars I kneel toIn the sad, silent watches of my night;While even in the meridian glare of dayI see them still - two sweetly scintillantVenuses, unextinguished by the sun!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If your positivity immune system is low, any exposure to a person afflicted with negativity can poison your life.
Aaron Johnson|When I was a kid, I used to imagine animals running under my bed. I told my dad, and he solved the problem quickly. He cut the legs off the bed.
J.R.R. Tolkien|I met a lot of things on the way that astonished me. Tom Bombadil I knew already; but I had never been to Bree. Strider sitting in the corner at the inn was a shock, and I had no more idea who he was than had Frodo. The Mines of Moria had been a mere name; and of Lothloriene no word had reached my mortal ears till I came there. Far away I knew there were the Horselords on the confines of an ancient Kingdom of Men, but Fanghorn Forest was an unforeseen adventure. I had never heard of the House of Eorl nor of the Stewards of Gondor. Most disquieting of all, Saruman had never been revealed to me, and I was as mystefied as Frodo at Gandalf's failure to appear on September 22.J.R.R. Tolkien, in a letter to W.H. Auden, June 7, 1955
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|One simple glance can convey to your recipient that you are . . .•	Present•	Interested•	Paying attention•	Being respectful•	Listening•	Confident•	Engaged•	Caring•	Dedicated•	Appreciative•	Empathetic•	Focused•	Supportive•	Trustworthy•	Acknowledging•	ExcitedThis list barely scratches the surface; however, it opens the conversation about how vital your eye contact is for making positive first impressions.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|Time is not something to be killed. Doing so suffocates a part of us, writing off part of our life that could, or rather should, be spent doing something meaningful.
Margaret Mead|Disgust with injustice may sharpen the desire for justice. Readers who don’t see this connection merely wish to be entertained, and I have neither skill nor desire to turn the agony of a people into entertainment.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|The time of a man's life is as a point; the substance of it ever flowing, the sense obscure; and the whole composition of the body tending to corruption. His soul is restless, fortune uncertain, and fame doubtful; to be brief, as a stream so are all things belonging to the body; as a dream, or as a smoke, so are all that belong unto the soul. Our life is a warfare, and a mere pilgrimage. Fame after life is no better than oblivion. What is it then that will adhere and follow? Only one thing, philosophy. And philosophy doth consist in this, for a man to preserve that spirit which is within him, from all manner of contumelies and injuries, and above all pains or pleasures; never to do anything either rashly, or feignedly, or hypocritically: only to depend from himself, and his own proper actions: all things that happen unto him to embrace contentendly, as coming from Him from whom he himself also came; and above all things, with all meekness and a calm cheerfulness, to expect death, as being nothing else but the resolution of those elements, of which every creature is composed. And if the elements themselves suffer nothing by their perpetual conversion of one into another, that dissolution, and alteration, which is so common unto all, why should it be feared by any? Is not this according to nature? But nothing that is according to nature can be evil.
Patrick O'Brian, H.M.S. Surprise|I waited for him to come out. He didn't. I considered going in after him, but knew the fact that I had readied myself to kill him did not mean that he had readied himself to die.
Wallace Stevens|The Great Man... is colder, harder, less hesitating, and without fear of 'opinion'; he lacks the virtues that accompany respect and 'respectability,' and altogether everything that is the 'virtue of the herd.' If he cannot lead, he goes alone... He knows he is incommunicable: he finds it tasteless to be familiar... When not speaking to himself, he wears a mask. There is a solitude within him that is inaccessible to praise or blame.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Put your past into context, live the first day of your best life.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Happiness. We're tearing our hair out to try to find a definition of it, for heaven's sake. Is it joy? People will tell you that it isn't, that joy is a fleeting emotion, a moment of happiness, which is always welcome, mind you. And then what about pleasure, huh? Oh, yes, that's easy, everybody knows what that is, but there again it doesn't last. But is happiness not the sum total of lots of small joys and pleasures, huh?
Piccolo Fortunato, Piccolo: An Intern's Tale|How many humans over thousands of years have stood thus with their horses, seeing in them the lines of universal perfection, the majesty of grace and power, feeling stronger and more beautiful themselves for their contact with the magical power of such a steed? Such is the lure of the horse. In a world in which grace is neither synonymous nor usually compatible with power, the horse has remained an ancient symbol of strength and elegance, an icon of a majestic essence that exists far outside mere human beings. Because of the space that lies between us — only the cruelest amongst us ever truly conquers a horse — there is magic. “ — Margot Page
Eric Holder|I think what we're going to hear is that we didn't meet the basic, minimum standards required for a facility such as the one we had in Benghazi. And the request for more security personnel went unheeded, unanswered, and consequently, you know, you have the death of four Americans.
Joseph Brodsky|A person sets out to write a poem for a variety of reasons: to win the heart of his beloved; to express his attitude toward the reality surrounding him, be it a landscape or a state; to capture his state of mind at a given instant; to leave - as he thinks at that moment - a trace on the earth.
Winston Graham, Demelza|Everything at the moment, my dear, no doubt seems disgusting. I know the mood too well. But being in that mood, Ross, is like being out in the frost. If we do not keep on the move we shall perish.
Vironika Tugaleva|No loss is without opportunity. No failure is without valuable lessons. Plunge in. It will, at worst, be a valuable experience.
Henry Melvill|There are strangers, people we don't know, who care about is.
Terrence Real, How Can I Get Through to You? Closing the Intimacy Gap Between Men and Women|Despite all of their flaws and difficulties, these men don't want to walk out on their own lives, leave their wives and children. They want to come home.
George Konrad|To him that waits all things reveal themselves, provided that he has the courage not to deny, in the darkness, what he has seen in the light.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|I appreciate the beauty and balm of flowers but I have never enjoyed receiving them because then I have to watch them die, and worse...throw them away.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|Fearful leaders side-step issues instead of dealing with them, cover up mistakes instead of owning up to mistakes; they skulk back into the shadows and hope that the crisis—whatever it is—will somehow blow over instead of facing their fears. Worse, they resort to lies and deception to cover up the truth.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Why live for tomorrow, when you’re not even through living today! Focus on what you can accomplish now and create the tomorrow's you desire today….
Daniel   Stern, Swingland: Between the Sheets of the Secretive, Sometimes Messy, but Always Adventurous Swinging Lifestyle|I didn’t make choices based on what I liked or didn’t like. I simply accepted what they chose for me. My role had always been to react and adapt to what was decided by other people, by outside circumstances, or in my mind, by God. My voice went unheard in my own life.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Because I know you, Percy Jackson. In many ways, you are impulsive, but when it comes to your friends, you are as constant as a compass needle. You are unswervingly loyal, and you inspire loyalty. You are the glue that will unite the seven.
Phil Cooke|Just like using drugs and alcohol to numb the pain can -- and does -- lead to addiction, using social media to fill the void of relationships, or other needs, often leads to addiction, as well.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|What can I do but stand with my mouth open, no sound emerging? My lips move and I wave my arms making gestures from the other side of the glass, which I can’t penetrate.…people can speak out of anything, though the struggle takes years. The problem is, whatever I say about the present feels false-nothing contains it all, or catches the depth of things, or their terrible one-dimensionality.What am I living on? Someone said the other day, “that old irrepressible-impossible- hope.” And I thought no, this doesn’t feel like hope. But maybe that’s what hope is, no shining thing but a kind of sustenance, plain as bread, the ordinary thing that feeds us. How could we confuse this optimism, when it has nothing to do with expecting things to get better?Hope has to do with continuing, that’s all…I can imagine now, where I couldn’t before, this long erosion of faith, this steady drawing from one’s strength, until what’s left is tenuous, transparent.
Katie McGarry, Long Way Home|Violet moves, a readjustment, and I expect her to pull away. But instead, she leans further into me, her head on my shoulder, and her sweet scent becomes a warm blanket.  No other place I'd rather be in the world right now. No place at all.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian|The whole thing becomes like this evil enchantment from a fairy tale, but you're made to believe the spell can never be broken.
Salman Rushdie|I'm quite a softy, yes. I have a blank spot with respect to visual art, but I have perhaps a compensating hypersensitivity to poetry and music.
Samuel Sagan, Regression : Past Life Therapy for Here and Now Freedom|To do nothing for the gomers was to do something, and the more conscientiously I did nothing the better they got.
G.K. Chesterton|Whatever we may think of the merits of torturing children for pleasure, and no doubt there is much to be said on both sides, I am sure we all agree that it should be done with sterilized instruments.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To tell your soul that you love it, is like remembering who you are after being in a coma for a hundred years. Your face will beam the light of a hundred galaxies.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Tonight, can we just pretend that you want me too?
George Orwell|What would happen to the world without those who do, think, work, produce? Those are the egotists. You don’t think through another’s brain and you don’t work through another’s hands. When you suspend your faculty of independent judgment, you suspend consciousness. To stop consciousness is to stop life.
Evgeny Morozov|'Solutionism' for me is, above all, an unthinking pursuit of perfection - by means of technology - without coming to grips with the fact that imperfection is an essential feature of liberal democracy.
Stephenie Meyer, The Host|I know that man is capable of great deeds. But if he isn't capable of great emotion, well, he leaves me cold.
Roger Cardinal, Figures of Reality|Perceiving the world as well designed and thus the product of a designer, and even seeing divine providence in the daily affairs of life, may be the product of a brain adapted to finding patterns in nature. (38)
Jock Camp, How To Suck Cock Deep|The value of a sex manual does not lie in its length or duration, but whether or not the problem it addresses works.
David Clement-Davies|That we can never know," answered the wolf angrily. "That's for the future. But what we can know is the importance of what we owe to the present. Here and now, and nowhere else. For nothing else exists, except in our minds. What we owe to ourselves, and to those we're bound to. And we can at least hope to make a better future, for everything.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|There are lots of real reasons to decide to leave something or someone, but there are lots of other reasons that are less valid and less real and less about a relationship than our own minds: Fear (of screwing up, of being left, of not being good enough), restlessness, resistance to growing up, PMS, not knowing how to live without drama, fearing that you're getting happy, and happiness is boring. The thing that scared me the most was the knowledge that if I stayed, something was going to change, and that something was probably me. I didn't know what changed me would look like, or if I would like her more or less than I already did. Would I still recognize myself? Would I still be myself?
Bruce Lee|The More we value things, the less we value ourselves
Sanjeev Bhaskar|Fitness has always been one of my strengths. I can do all the long-distance runs. When I was at school and we entered the competitions, I used to do the 100m, 200m, and the 1500m as well, so it's never just been a pace thing.
Elizabeth Edwards|It took me a really long time to decide who I want my circle to be and who I want to surround myself with. Once you make that choice, that is where I feel like I have built my strength. This is my life choice. These are the people that make me feel good about me, and that I love and adore and will do anything for.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|People go on marrying because they can't resist natural forces, although many of them may know perfectly well that they are possibly buying a month's pleasure with a life's discomfort.
Timothy M. Houston, The Referral Rules! 7 Ways to Get More Profitable Referrals|Networking is not a part-time or occasional exercise. Everywhere we go, we haven an opportunity to network with others.
Laurie A. Helgoe|He felt if he could not be alone, and if he could not be left alone, he would die.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Are guilt and regret not messages from inside of us, letting us know that our moral compasses have been recalibrated and are pointing in the right direction?
Debasish Mridha|I don't care if you love me or not, but I care that I love you without any thought.
Saddam Hussein, The Revolution and Woman in Iraq|The participation if women in some armies in the world is in reality only symbolic. The talk about the role of Zionist women in fighting with the combat units of the enemy in the war of 5 June 1967 was intended more as propaganda than anything real or substantial. It was calculated to intensify and compound the adverse psychological effects of the war by exploiting the backward outlook of large sections of Arab society and their role in the community. The intention was to achieve adverse psychological effects by saying to Arabs that they were defeated, in 1967, by women.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Alice Alone|You don't have to be part of a couple to be happy, you know.
Soichiro Honda|I feel that the best companies are started not because the founder wanted a company but because the founder wanted to change the world... If you decide you want to found a company, you maybe start to develop your first idea. And hire lots of workers.
Orrin Woodward|The pursuit of goodness leads to greatness, but the pursuit of greatness, whether by a man or a nation, leads to ruin…. [G]ood men build; great men destroy. They destroy because they try to control something other than themselves and that always leads to destruction.
Dada Bhagwan|As the Self [Pure Soul], one never dies; it is only the beliefs that die.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|The aesthetic construct, and nothing else, has taught us to expose ourselves to a non-enslaving experience of rank differences. The work of art is even allowed to 'tell' us, those who have run away from form, something, because it quite obviously does not embody the intention to confine us. 'La poesie ne s'impose plus, elle s'expose' Something that exposes itself and proves itself in this test gains unpresumed authority. In the space of aesthetic simulation, which is at once the emergency space for the success and failure of the artistic construct, the powerless superiority of the works can affect observers who otherwise take pains to ensure that they have no lord, old or new, above them.
V.E. Schwab|If you don't have the support and love and caring and connection that you get from a family, you don't have much at all.
Kamand Kojouri|We will not be measured by the world’s standards anymore. We will be measured by the plumb line of God’s Word. We will be people who live out our Christianity by walking faithfully in obedience to God. We will love mercy and justice. We will love others the way God loves us— unconditionally, relentlessly, and with grace.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What we’re searching for will determine where we arrive, or if we arrive. And right in the middle of such risky choices, Christmas is God perfectly solving the problem by showing us what to search for and then bringing it to us.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|I have the nagging sense that my true friends are waiting for me, beyond college, unusual women whose ambitions are as big as their past transgressions, whose hair is piled high, dramatic like topiaries at Versailles, and who never, ever say "too much information" when you mention a sex dream you had about your father.
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Vipassana meditation is an ongoing creative purification process. Observation of the moment-to-moment experience cleanses the mental layers, one after another.
Stephen King|This life, which had been the tomb of his virtue and of his honour, is but a walking shadow; a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more: it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other|There comes a time in some relationships when no matter how sincere the attempt to reconcile the differences or how strong the wish to recreate a part of the past once shared, the struggle becomes so painful that nothing else is felt and the world and all its beauty only add to the discomfort by providing cruel contrast.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders.
Matthew Norman, Domestic Violets|I was angry at God until I came to understand that it isn't God's fault when people mistreat me. I still have my doubts at times, but I try to remember that God has given them the same free will that He's given me.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Writing is a miserable, awful business. Stay with it. It is better than anything in the world
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|At any given moment, your circumstances can change. You may not be where you want to be right now. You may not even be doing what you prefer to do. But, if you change your way of thinking and realize that you have all the opportunities available to you just like each one of us. You can begin to focus on what you want to achieve and make it happen
Billi Jean, Silver's Chance|Nice. Wait--- so, does he know? Does he know he's the only person who's ever flipped your pancake?
Richard Carlson|Every day, tell at least one person something you like, admire, or appreciate about them.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is not the power; it is the potential power. Willing is not the action, but potential action.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism and Money [Goddess of wealth; Lakshmi] are very much at odds [have great enmity]. There should be just enough egoism to accomplish one’s work. Beyond that, any expanded egoism and money have great enmity. Money (Lakshmi) stays away from it.
Cheryl Strayed|If, as a culture, we don’t bear witness to grief, the burden of loss is placed entirely upon the bereaved, while the rest of us avert our eyes and wait for those in mourning to stop being sad, to let go, to move on, to cheer up. And if they don’t — if they have loved too deeply, if they do wake each morning thinking, I cannot continue to live — well, then we pathologize their pain; we call their suffering a disease.We do not help them: we tell them that they need to get help.
Scott Westerfeld, Afterworlds|What did a happy ending even mean in real life, anyway? In stories you simply said, 'They lived happily ever after,' and that was it. But in real life people had to keep on living, day after day, year after year.
Shampa Sharma|When you love your work, it works better.
P. J. O'Rourke|I'm grateful for everything. I'm grateful for my health, and I'm so grateful for the love in my life.
Debasish Mridha|Dreaming is good, but without taking actions, a dream is just hope.
Theodore Bikel|Let's go on a road trip and like it, not dread it! There are no barriers, there is no fear.
Louis Armstrong|If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
Will Rogers|Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine.
Ufuoma Apoki|However difficult death is for us to accept, we must... how would we learn to appreciate each moment if it were not precious? If life were forever?
Dr. Seuss|I feel like life is really short, and it's important to enjoy yourself and embrace whatever comes your way, whether it's a challenging day or a great day, just welcome it with open arms. No matter who you are, you can't escape challenges; they are part of life.
Sam Harris & Maajid Nawaz|I never heard enough damnation from your pulpit. Many mornings I had to strain to take hold of what you were saying, Reverend. I couldn't figure it out, and got dizzy listening, the way you were dodging here and there. A lot of talk about compassion for the less fortunate, I remember that. Never a healthy sign, to my way of thinking, too much fuss and feathers about the poor. They're with us always, the Lord Himself said. Wait till the next go-around, if the poor feel so sorry for themselves on this. The first shall be last. Take away damnation, in my opinion, a man might as well be an atheist. A God that can't damn a body to an eternal Hell can't lift a body up out of the grave either.
Jessica Savitch|In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|True empathy is not about waiting to understand another person; it is about proactively seeking to do so. It takes effort to give another person your full time and attention; to ask others how they are feeling and if they coping well with things. And don’t overlook those closest to you. Never take anyone for granted. Avoid being too preoccupied to sit down and talk with your children, partners and colleagues.
Jacques Tardi, Goddamn This War!|The last time I saw Collin was in 1917, at the foot of Mort-Homme.Before the great slaughter, Collin’d been an avid angler. On that day, he was standing at the hole, watching maggots swarm among blow flies on two boys that we couldn’t retrieve for burial without putting our own lives at risk.And there, at the loop hole, he thought of his bamboo rods, his flies and the new reel he hadn’t even tried out yet.Collin was imaging himself on the riverbank, wine cooling in the current his stash of worms in a little metal box and a maggot on his hook, writhing like… Holy shit. Were the corpses getting to him?Collin. The poor guy didn’t even have time to sort out his thoughts. In that split second, he was turned into a slab of bloody meat. A white hot hook drilled right through him and churned through his guts, which spilled out of a hole in his belly.He was cleared out of the first aid station. The major did triage. Stomach wounds weren’t worth the trouble. There were all going to die anyway, and besides, he wasn’t equipped to deal with them.Behind the aid station, next to a pile of wood crosses, there was a heap of body parts and shapeless, oozing human debris laid out on stretchers, stirred only be passing rats and clusters of large white maggots. But on their last run, the stretcher bearers carried him out after all… Old Collin was still alive.From the aid station to the ambulance and from the ambulance to the hospital, all he could remember was his fall into that pit, with maggots swarming over the open wound he had become from head to toe… Come to think of it, where was his head? And what about his feet?In the ambulance, the bumps were so awful and the pain so intense that it would have been a relief to pass out. But he didn’t. He was still alive, writhing on his hook. They carved up old Collin good. They fixed him as best they could, but his hands and legs were gone. So much for fishing.Later, they pinned a medal on him, right there in that putrid recovery room.And later still, they explained to him about gangrene and bandages packed with larvae that feed on death tissue. He owed them his life. From one amputation and operation to the next – thirty-eight in all – the docs finally got him “back on his feet”. But by then, the war was long over.
Terry Bradshaw|Now, guitar was pretty cool. Everybody knew something on the guitar. So I wanted to play guitar, but I told my dad if he wanted me to keep studying something, I'd like to study piano.
Judith Minty, Letters to My Daughters|I give you this to take with you:Nothing remains as it was. If you know this, you canbegin again, with pure joy in the uprooting.
Robin Caldwell|I am so very grateful that I serve a God who walks the difficult roads with us, whether we recognise Him there or not. I am so very grateful for a God who has experienced betrayal, fear and death himself and overcomes them all.
T. S. Eliot|Christmas in Bethlehem. The ancient dream: a cold, clear night made brilliant by a glorious star, the smell of incense, shepherds and wise men falling to their knees in adoration of the sweet baby, the incarnation of perfect love.
Muhammad Yunus|In World War II, jazz absolutely was the music of freedom, and then in the Cold War, behind the Iron Curtain, same thing. It was all underground, but they needed the food of freedom that jazz offered.
Seamus Heaney|The way we are living,timorous or bold,will have been our life.
Adam Silvera, History Is All You Left Me|I see you, Khya. I've always seen you. And except for you tendency to pretend you hate me most days, I like what I see.
Roger Schank|In summary, a good teacher does the following:- never tells a student anything that the teacher thinks is true- never allows himself to be the ultimate judge of his own students' success- teacher practice first, theory second (if he must teach theory at all)- does not come up with lists of knowledge that every student must know- doesn't teach anything unless he can easily explain the use of learning it- assigns no homework, unless that homework is to produce something- groups students according to their interests and abilities, not their ages- ensures that any reward to a student is intrinsic- teaches students things they may actually need to know after they leave school- helps students come up with their own explanations when they have made a mistake- never assumes that a student is listening to what he is saying- never assumes that students will do what he asks them to do if what he asked does not relate to a goal they truly hold- never allows pleasing the teacher to be the goal of the student- understands that students won't do what he tells them if they don't understand what is being asked of them- earns the respect of students by demonstrating abilities- motivate students to do better, and does not help them to do better- understands that his job is to get students to do something- understands that experience, not teachers, changes belief systems- confuses students- does not expect credit for good teaching
Kristin Cashore, Fire|She had thought she'd already reached her capacity for pain and had no room inside her for more. But she remembered having told Archer once that you could not measure love on a scale of degrees, and now she understood that it was the same with pain. Pain might escalate upwards, and, just when you'd thought you'd reached your limit, begin to spread sideways, and spill out, and touch other people, and mix with their pain. And grow larger, but somehow less oppressive. She had thought herself trapped in a place outside the ordinary feeling lives of other people; she had not noticed how many other people were trapped in that place with her.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Education being a change of behavior as a result of experience brings about wisdom and knowledge. While knowledge comes from what we read or study, wisdom comes from what we observe and experience.The purpose of education is not to affect negatively but to positively affect. When I see people using whatever wisdom or knowledge they have to cheat, I see an abuse of education all borne out of ignorance.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|I never saw a lad, page or prince, so eager to learn to do a thing right.
Tupac Shakur, Resurrection, 1971-1996|I don't understand how people canstand next to you one year,and next year, they cannot. They're going crazy, screaming. They can't take it that you're there. But last year I was in the same club,walking around,lonely like a motherfucker. Couldn't get a date or a dance. I was too skinny, too something,and now, "He's just adorable. He's just, oh!
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|You said the other day life was long,' I shot back. 'Which is it?' 'It's both,' she said, shrugging. 'It all depends on how you choose to live it. It's like forever, always changing.'Kristy and Macy; p.135
Michael Xavier|The problem with memories is they get more valuable with time, 	and the places we keep them get weaker with age.
Jenny Valentine, Broken Soup|Tucker: "But she gave me the perfect gift."Clara: "What?"Tucker: "You.
Plato|I have been up to see the Congress and they do not seem to be able to do anything except to eat peanuts and chew tobacco, while my army is starving.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Shrewdly crafted political agendas, innately complex philosophies, man-made religions, governments and regimes of every sort, and all the endless volumes of man-manufactured wisdom and penned prose all completely failed to redeem mankind and make us better. When the best of our efforts failed to redeem the worst of our behaviors, God declared enough as enough and a baby was born.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Oleander Girl|In the white marble hall of the hotel, I'm waltzing with Rajat. The music is a river and we're dancing in it. It winds against our bodies, muscular as a serpent.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unleashed|Never, do you hear me? I will give up my friends, my country, my duty, and even my honor—but never you.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|i am a woman and i am alone,and i cannot tell which one of the twoi love being more.
Christopher Hitchens, Unacknowledged Legislation: Writers in the Public Sphere|As soon as they leave, Leon says to me: "I disagree, sir. There are people who aren't insane, and I'm one of them. People who generalize are mentally ill.
Kamila Shamsie|So she became a woman who held her head high, not in arrogance, or contempt, but because she knew that it was a form of cowardice to make a choice and then pretend you didn’t really make it
Erin Kellison, Awakened by Fire|The dragon in him didn't want to give her a choice. Just wrap around her and smolder smugly, daring anyone who came near to cross him. Mine.
