Rosamunde Pilcher|Anyhow, I had found something out about an unknown privation, and I realized how a general love or craving, before it is explicit or before it sees its object, manifests itself as boredom or some other kind of suffering. And what did I think of myself in relation to the great occasions, the more sizable being of these books? Why, I ﻿saw ﻿them, first of all. So suppose I wasn't created to read a great declaration, or to boss a palatinate, or send off a message to Avignon, and so on, I could see, so there nevertheless was a share for me in all that had happened. How much of a share? Why, I knew there were things that would never, because they could never, come of my reading. But this knowledge was not so different from the remote but ever-present death that sits in the corner of the loving bedroom; though it doesn't budge from the corner, you wouldn't stop your loving. Then neither would I stop my reading. I sat and read. I had no eye, ear, or interest for anything else--that is, for usual, second-order, oatmeal, mere-phenomenal, snarled-shoelace-carfare-laundry-ticket plainness, unspecified dismalness, unknown captivities; the life of despair-harness or the life of organization-habits which is meant to supplant accidents with calm abiding. Well, now, who can really expect the daily facts to go, toil or prisons to go, oatmeal and laundry tickets and the rest, and insist that all moments be raised to the greatest importance, demand that everyone breathe the pointy, star-furnished air at its highest difficulty, abolish all brick, vaultlike rooms, all dreariness, and live like prophets or gods? Why, everybody knows this triumphant life can only be periodic. So there's a schism about it, some saying only this triumphant life is real and others that only the daily facts are. For me there was no debate, and I made speed into the former.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another and building a successful family is like building a home. A successful family based on unity, forgiveness and love takes careful planning, but it's worth every moment.
Chris Burkmenn|When we look back at life we realize no true moment defined us, but in fact the events leading up to that moment.
Liezi, The Book of Master Lie|If an earth with no other creatures but only humans would be possible, it would be unbearably boring!
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|Where are you hiding my love?Each day without you will never come again.Even today you missed a sunset on the ocean,A silver shadow on yellow rocks I saved for you,A squirrel that ran across the road,A duck diving for dinner.My God! There may be nothing left to show youSave wounds and wearinessAnd hopes grown dead,And wilted flowers I picked for you a lifetime ago,Or feeble steps that cannot run to hold you,Arms too tired to offer you to a roaring wind,A face too wrinkled to feel the ocean's spray.
Voltaire|One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.
Drew  Hayes, The Utterly Uninteresting and Unadventurous Tales of Fred, the Vampire Accountant|Albert died in an unfortunate accident sometime ago and was raised as a zombie by his amateur necromancer friend, Neil. Bubba was a new friend we had acquired in Vegas when helping him gain back the freedom he had previously gambled away. The fourth member of our group, a government agent and my girlfriend named Krystal, was out of town for work this week, thus I was conducting my first weekly scrabble tournament with just the three of us. Which leaves only me to be accounted for in the explanation. My name. which I hope you know by now. is Frederick Frankford Fletcher and I am a vampire, though still not the type that inspires swooning or terror.
Jeffy Thomas|I sing, no matter who is listening coz it is my natural way of expression.
Loyd Boldman, The Gravity Addict|I’m Temple Claybourne, an upright, warm-blooded hairy mammal, Caucasian, skidding into my fourth decade of existence, the progeny of meat-eating Anglo-Saxon tribal chieftains, left-handed, flat of foot, with low cholesterol and a predictably receding hairline, carrying a zero debt load, a nervous driver, nervous in crowds, nervous around women, hungry with curiosity, a collector of comforting, unnecessary things.
Cornel West|I still think it's essential for a parent to cook with their children. Weighing out the ingredients and learning where the food comes from is educational, but it also helps to place meal times at the heart of family life. We never had dinner in front of the TV.
Leisa Rayven|If I don’t really try, I can’t really fail, right?
J.G. Ballard, The Kindness of Women|As Miriam released my hand I felt that she and Midwife Bell had returned to a more primitive world, where men never intruded and even their role in conception was unknown. Here the chain of life was mother to daughter, daughter to mother. Fathers and sons belonged in the shadows with the dogs and livestock, like the retriever growling at Midwife Bell's unfamiliar car from the window of my neighbours' living room.
Alfred Enoch|My father was a legendary copywriter. He wrote 'Timex Takes a Licking and Keeps on Ticking.' He named Earth Day 'Earth Day.' It falls on his birthday, April 22. Earth Day, birthday. So the idea came easily.
Haruki Murakami|The laugh left a bitter taste in our mouths, but we laughed out all the same.
C. JoyBell C.|I am a broken person. And I know exactly where my cracks are and how deep they run. I don't pretend to not be a broken person and therein lies the big difference. Because the truth is, we are all broken in places, but it is those who know exactly where and how they are broken, who also know exactly where and how they are whole! And we may not be whole in all places and in all ways, but we take whatever wholeness that we do have, and we make good of it. And we try hard to work on the broken parts, and we ask for help when we need it.
Lyza Matociños|I’ve done some soul searching… Looked deep within myself, ya know? I've reached the conclusion that 'Fuck You!' is my spirit animal, and some mother fuckers are going to pay. You can help me or you can walk… but I’m in this. I’m in ‘til the end,” Wednesday said.
Eileen Myles|For the last 20 years of my life, I've had the mantra to do amazing parts with amazing people in amazing projects, so I'm attracted to good story, writing and character and good people. That's what I'm always searching for and I don't think that's ever going to change.
Shia LaBeouf|The suicide bomber's imagination leads him to believe in a brilliant act of heroism, when in fact he is simply blowing himself up pointlessly and taking other people's lives.
Erin Heatherton|When I get up in the morning and put on a pink or a green wig, I see myself as a piece of animation. It lets me be the person I want to be, a person who's not embarrassed to have fun.
Gary Patton|Beyond the family or particular Christian tradition, how much effort do we make to consider what the Mennonites or the Episcopalians, the Baptists or the Pentecostals, the Methodists or the Presbyterians have to say to the rest of us out of their DIFFERENCES, as well as out of the affirmation in common with other Christians? As I suggested earlier, our patterns of ecumenicity tend to bracket out our differences rather than to celebrate and capitalize upon them. Finding common ground has been the necessary first step in ecumenical relations and activity. But the next step is to acknowledge and enjoy what God has done elsewhere in the Body of Christ. And if at the congregational level we are willing to say, 'I can't do everything myself, for I am an ear: I must consult with a hand or an eye on this matter,' I suggest that we do the same among whole traditions. If we do not regularly and programmatically consult with each other, we are tacitly claiming that we have no need of each other, and that all the truth, beauty, and goodness we need has been vouchsafed to us by God already. Not only is such an attitude problematic in terms of our flourishing, as I have asserted, but in this context now we must recognize how useless a picture this presents to the rest of society. Baptists, Presbyterians, and Roman Catholics failing to celebrate diversity provide no positive examples to societies trying to understand how to celebrate diversity on larger scales.
Michele McKnight Baker, Sandpaper Sisters|Alone in the worn mahogany paneled library surrounded by hundreds of books that filled every shelf and lined every wall from floor to ceiling, Lady Butler contemplated, How odd it is that a room filled with millions of words can be so silent.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Accept what life offers you and try to drink from every cup. All wines should be tasted; some should only be sipped, but with others, drink the whole bottle.
Martin Luther|I know a beautiful garden, where there are a great many children in fine little coats, and they go under the trees and gather beautiful apples and pears, cherries and plums; they sing and run about and are as happy as they can be. Sometimes they ride on nice little ponies, with golden bridles and silver saddles. I asked the man whose garden it is, “What little children are these?” And he told me, “They are little children who love to pray and learn and are good.
Otto von Bismarck|Transient bodies are only subject to destruction through their substance and not through their form, nor can the essence of their form be destroyed; in this respect, they are permanent.
Morag Barrett, Cultivate: The Power of Winning Relationships|Forget "six degrees of separation" today it's "six degrees of CONNECTION.
Robin Wright|I have been very happy, very rich, very beautiful, much adulated, very famous and very unhappy.
Jonathan Edwards, Works of Jonathan Edwards|Crying is good for the soul, or so they say.
Melanie Exler|When God became lonelyhe created man,or was itwhen man became lonelyhe created God.
Jessica Sorensen, The Secret of Ella and Micha|At least tell me you won? And that the scratches and dings were totally worth it." "Of course. They're always worth it," he says with a hidden meaning that only the two of us could ever understand.
Neil Gaiman, Dream Country|But he did not understand the price. Mortals never do. They only see the prize, their heart's desire, their dream... But the price of getting what you want, is getting what you once wanted.
Barista Uno|I was driven to go into book writing by the very nature of journalism and blogging. Both are ephemeral. Journalists and bloggers can have humongous egos. But in the end, what they write is really a passing show. I wanted something more lasting — a record of sorts, something people can look back to and relish again like hot, home–brewed coffee.
Colette, My Mother's House & Sido|A few days later, I found my mother beneath the tree, motionless with excitement, her head turned toward the heavens in which she would allow human religions no place.
Haley Lu Richardson|As a British fashion designer, it is an amazing, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be creative director of Team GB as the hosting nation of the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Joe Niemczura, The Sacrament of the Goddess|Why is it that one of the best songs in the world has to be written by the BeeGees?"Benedict
Benjamin N. Cardozo|As powerful as is our soul's call, so potent are the forces of Resistance arrayed against it. We're not alone if we've been mowed down by Resistance; millions of good men and women have bitten the dust before us.
Socrates|The children now love luxury. They have bad manners, contempt for authority; they show disrespect for elders and love chatter in place of exercise.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your professional experience can strengthen your resume, increase your earning potential, prove dependability, instill trust, and open new doors of opportunity which would remain closed otherwise.
Meg Moseley, When Sparrows Fall|If by doing some work which the undiscerning consider 'not spiritual work' I can best help others, and I inwardly rebel, thinking it is the spiritual for which I crave, when in truth it is the interesting and exciting, then I know nothing of Calvary love.
Matt Abrams, She's Toxic|All of my days are held in your hand, crafted into your perfect Plan.
Pythagoras|Everything rusts, rots, crumbles, vanishes. The infinite will just take a little bit longer.
Kate DiCamillo, Raymie Nightingale|How shall I tell you of the world you faceStrident with sound of weapons and of hate,Make you aware now of the narrowing spaceBetween the hope of mortal and his fate?
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|Lucille, please make them go away!” she moaned, her voice muffled.	“Do you think I am a divine being sent from the celestial realm to guard you from the harsh punishment of rousing from your slumber?” 	“Is that a yes?”	“I am surrounded by idiots.
Tiffany McDaniel, The Summer that Melted Everything|To measure a man's happiness only by what he gets, and not also by what he expects to get, is as futile as to try and express a fraction which shall have a numerator but no denominator.
James Philip Head|With true beauty, there is no illusion.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|The ordinary man is aware of his surroundings, first, by naming and labelling them; second, by linking them with past memory of them; and third, by relating them to his own personal self. The illumined egoless man is simply aware of them, without any of these other added activities.
Lauren Groff, The Monsters of Templeton|It was somehow clear, even then, that the monster had been lonely. The folds above its eye made the old face look wistful, and it emanated such a strong sense of solitude that each human standing in the park that day felt miles from the others, though we were shoulder-to-shoulder, touching.
J.M. Barrie|A sharp pain in her chest became more intoxicating with each breath she took. There it was. The reason she had forced herself to keep her distance from love. Why she had given up on trusting someone not to hurt her. Because a broken heart, no matter how figurative, was an unbearable pain to endure. And sometimes, no matter how much you want to be with someone, there’s never a guarantee that they want you back.
Dimitri Debaene|Distance is but metrics, unmeasurable is the heart
Colm Wilkinson|Raising children uses every bit of your being - your heart, your time, your patience, your foresight, your intuition to protect them, and you have to use all of this while trying to figure out how to discipline them.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|However, I suppose VH1 *is* selling me something; they're selling nostalgia, which means they're selling my own memories back to me, which means they're selling me to me.
J. Robert Oppenheimer, The Flying Trapeze: Three Crises For Physicists|The experience of seeing how our thought and our words and our ideas have been confined by the limitation of our experience is one which is salutary and is in a certain sense good for a man's morals as well as good for his pleasure. It seems to us [scientists] that this is an opening up of the human spirit , avoiding its provincialism and narrowness.
Jennifer Michael Hecht, Stay: A History of Suicide and the Philosophies Against It|We are humanity, Kant says. Humanity needs us because we are it. Kant believes in duty and considers remaining alive a primary human duty. For him one is not permitted to “renounce his personality,” and while he states living as a duty, it also conveys a kind of freedom: we are not burdened with the obligation of judging whether our personality is worth maintaining, whether our life is worth living. Because living it is a duty, we are performing a good moral act just by persevering.
Debasish Mridha|Use your love to change the world, but never change your love for any reason.
Julianna Scott, The Holders|I don't need to see the trail to know you're at the end of it. My grandfather's compass may not work, but mine is still true.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Always try to come back to your senses when in love, because that's the moment you become almost carried away by sensuality and sentiments.
Levon Peter Poe|If you love someone, you NEED to tell them this:"I AM YOURS!NO ONE can make me change that. I SUBMIT my heart to you. I give you MY LIFE not because I have to but because I trust you to care for it. I Love you. That shall never change. EVER!"Say it to them so they hear it. Prove it to them so they KNOW IT.Live it with them so they never doubt it.
Charlie Donlea, Summit Lake|Can anyone name a president who really had the citizens in mind during the majority of his decisions in office? None of them did, and the current ones don’t either. It’s all about power, keeping power, and dishing out power to those who throw the most money at them.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes a thought is closer to truth, to reality, than an action. You can say anything, you can do anything, but you can't fake a thought.
Russell Brand, My Booky Wook|I want to change the world, and do something valuable and beautiful. I want people to remember me before I'm dead, and then more afterwards.
Augustine of Hippo, The City of God|For as the same fire causes gold to glow brightly, and chaff to smoke; and under the same flail the straw is beaten small, while the grain is cleansed; and as the lees are not mixed with the oil, though squeezed out of the vat by the same pressure, so the same violence of affliction proves, purges, clarifies the good, but damns, ruins, exterminates the wicked. And thus it is that in the same affliction the wicked detest God and blaspheme, while the good pray and praise.
Grandma Moses|If life had a second edition, how I would correct the proofs.
William Saroyan, Love, here is my hat|When you realized that you would have to ask for help, you did not feel humiliated. And when you learned that someone needed help, you showed them all that you had learned without fearing that you might be revealing secrets or being used by others. To he who knocks, the door will open.He who asks will receive.He who consoles knows that he will be consoled.Even if none of these things happens when you are expecting it to, sooner or later you will see the fruits of the thing you shared with such generosity.
San Juan de la Cruz|While I don't equate the dark night with depression, I do think our depressive moods could be imagined spiritually rather than only psychologically.
Hermann Hesse|I am a star in the firmamentthat observe the world, despises the worldand consumed in its heat.I am the sea by night in a stormthe sea shouting that accumulates new sinsand to the ancient makes recompense.I am exiled from your worldof pride polite, by pride defrauded,I am the king without crown.I am the passion without wordswithout stones of the hearth, without weapons in the war,is my same force that make me sick
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Forever, Interrupted|If you want to be a strong, maturing Christian, your first priority is to develop a closer relationship with God.
Olivia Ames Hoblitzelle, Ten Thousand Joys & Ten Thousand Sorrows: A Couple's Journey Through Alzheimer's|Darling, if I think of all I miss now, I will go crazy. I should not think of that. I only want to think of all that I still have, and then I am rich. Your spirit is always around me, in your diary, our letters, all the things you got for our household. How proud we were of that! And the nearly six years! O God, I thank you for those years. If I never had met you, I would now not have all the sorrow; but I would have missed these riches -- and do these years not abundantly balance the lonely years I face without you?
Robert Frost|We think the fire eats the wood. We are wrong. The wood reaches out to the flame. The fire licks at what the wood harbors, and the wood gives itself away to that intimacy, the manner in which we and the world meet each new day.
Samantha Young, Fall from India Place|I won't lie to you. This changes things. It may even change you. I know it will change me.""I guess it's a reminder of the uncertainty in life and the foolishness of merely existing when the world is pleading with you to live. If you take anything from this, please take that. We take life for granted. We have to stop that. We have to start living.
David Sheff, Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction|I'm not sure if I know any 'functional' families, if functional means a family without difficult times and members who don't have a full range of problems.
Bette Lee Crosby, The Regrets of Cyrus Dodd|As I grow ever closer to the end of my time, I look back at this life and tell you that the only thing I would wish to give up is the regret I've carried in my heart for all these years. At long last I have come to realize the things I once counted as regrets were indeed blessings that I was too blind to see.
Andy Serkis|My relationship with shoes has always been linked to shoes, women, women in their shoes and performance.
Tom Vater|Mee and Ow sat in the shade of a mango tree and were doing their make-up. Both of them wore gloves that reached all the way up to their elbows, to keep the tropical sun off their skins. They looked briefly at Maier, with the curiosity usually reserved for a passing dog. It was too early for professional enthusiasm.
Jim Butcher, Changes|She frowned at me. "You need some rest. You look like hell. And you're obviously tired enough to have gotten the giggles."Wizards don't giggle," I said, hardly able to speak. "This is cackling.
George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo|And there was nothing left for me to do, but go. Though the things of the world were strong with me still. Such as, for example: a gaggle of children trudging through a side-blown December flurry; a friendly match-share beneath some collision-tilted streetlight; a frozen clock, bird-visited within its high tower; cold water from a tin jug; toweling off one’s clinging shirt post–June rain.Pearls, rags, buttons, rug-tuft, beer-froth. Someone’s kind wishes for you; someone remembering to write; someone noticing that you are not at all at ease.
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|Oh-ho, so you are a witch. More like a witchling, as you're too small to be a full witch.” (Emmerich)
J. F. Powers|We emphasize that we believe in change because we were born of it, we have lived by it, we prospered and grew great by it. So the status quo has never been our god, and we ask no one else to bow down before it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Cursing, telling smutty stories, smearing the good name of another, and referring irreverently to God and the Scriptures may be considered as coming under the expression corrupt speech. Our speech is to be clean, pure, and wholesome.
Voltaire, The Works: Voltaire|A true god surely cannot have been born of a girl, nor died on the gibbet, nor be eaten in a piece of dough... [or inspired] books, filled with contradictions, madness, and horror.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|A blade of grass is a commonplace on Earth; it would be a miracle on Mars. Our descendants on Mars will know the value of a patch of green. And if a blade of grass is priceless, what is the value of a human being?
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Maybe because I knew Haze and Kate so well by then the passage leapt out at me, clear and sharp as di
Elliott Abrams|Fuel prices are at the center of our lives. They affect our ability to travel, stay warm, and feed ourselves.
Machado de Assis|The best thing to do is to loosen my grip on my pen and let it go wandering about until it finds an entrance. There must be one – everything depends on the circumstances, a rule applicable as much to literary style as to life. Each word tugs another one along, one idea another, and that is how books, governments and revolutions are made – some even say that is how Nature created her species.
Rodney Dangerfield|You gotta look out for number one, but don't step in number two!
Jordon Sagel|To create growth in business, you must control your branding, marketing, and lead generation.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|How satisfying will it be to know that no matter what happens to your relationship and no matter where or with whom he ends up in his life that you taught him everything he knows...? Catty? Maybe, but that’s a fun thought.
Renzo Piano|I think New Orleans is such a beautiful city. It looks like a fairytale when you walk through the French Quarter or the Garden District. There is such a lush sense of color, style, architecture - and the people themselves.
S.A. Bodeen, The Compound|Yeah, well, wish in one hand, crap in the other, and see which fills up first
Shannon L. Alder|When you find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you back when you hang up on him, who will stand in front of you when other’s cast stones, or will stay awake just to watch you sleep, who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats, who will hold your hand when your sick, who thinks your pretty without makeup, the one who turns to his friends and say, ‘that’s her’, the one that would bear your rejection because losing you means losing his will to live, who kisses you when you screw up, watches the stars and names one for you and will hold and rock that baby for hours so you can sleep…..you marry him all over again.
S.J. Kincaid|They'd taken everything. Everything, and people simply had let them. People had meekly surrendered the world to them in hopes those CEOs would finally have enough, finally have reason to leave them be. But Tom knew better.
Mike Trout|The days I'm not doing videos, I always have random stuff. We do production meeting stuff. Those are so stupid. Everyone's like, 'We like you; we don't know what to do with you.' I'm like, 'Cool.'
Stanley Hauerwas|Going to a restaurant is one of my keenest pleasures. Meeting someplace with old and new friends, ordering wine, eating food, surrounded by strangers, I think is the core of what it means to live a civilised life.
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|Musicians have always had a better understanding of love than the rest of us. Over the years they have told us that love: is like a rock, is here to stay, is all you need, will find a way, will keep us together, will tear us apart, sucks.
Stephen J. Binz|There is a value in repetition. When we repeat certain phrases and even actions, like fingering prayer beads, we create a quiet rhythm within our spirits. The beating of our heart is a repetition as is the rhythm of our breathing. All of life has its rhythms, and the repetition of familiar prayers can bring our interior spirits into harmony with the Divine Heartbeat and the breathing of the Divine Christ.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|Prosperity is always built on slave labor. Ask any Ameri-can't. Or Bulgari-can. Yes, we can, eat from a trash can...
Kent Alan Robinson|An email cannot be ignored. You may wish an email was not sent to you, because you learned what you did not want to know, but it must be acted upon because there is now a permanent record linking you to that information.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|I came to a most profound realization. For the first time in my life, I have complete control over what happens in the here and now. It is not a wish. It is not some concoction of false hope. It is reality in here and now.''HOPE- Season of Romance
Khalil Gibran|Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|You forsake all that you hold dear,for a dream that is not your own;you would rather live a liethan live your life aloneUniverse of Us and on thoughtcatalog
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Young women today feel vulnerable to judgment; if a harsh sentence is passed (or even suspected or projected), it is not her reputation that suffers so much as the stability of her moral universe. They did not have long to explore the sexual revolution and make it their own. Before the old chains had grown cold, while young women were still rubbing the circulation back into their ankles and taking tentative steps forward, the beauty industries levied a heavy toll on further investigations, and beauty pornography offered them designer bondage.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|Men have nothing in common with me--there is no point of contact; they have foolish little feelings and foolish little vanities and impertinences and ambitions; their foolish little life is but a laugh, a sigh, and extinction; and they have no sense. Only the Moral Sense. I will show you what I mean. Here is a red spider, not so big as a pin's head. Can you imagine an elephant being interested in him-- caring whether he is happy or isn't, or whether he is wealthy or poor, whether his sweetheart returns his love or not, whether his mother is sick or well, whether he is looked up to in society or not, whether his enemies will smite him or his friends desert him, whether his hopes will suffer blight or his political ambitions fail, whether he shall die in the bosom of his family or neglected and despised in a foreign land? These things can never be important to the elephant; they are nothing to him; he cannot shrink his sympathies to the microscopic size of them. Man is to me as the red spider is to the elephant. The elephant has nothing against the spider--he cannot get down to that remote level; I have nothing against man. The elephant is indifferent; I am indifferent.
Kevin Roose, The Unlikely Disciple: A Sinner's Semester at America's Holiest University|...I realized how naive I was. My aunt Tina was right: this stuff does exist, and it does hurt people, and although there are lots of people at Liberty who condemn violence against gays--including Dr. Falwell himself--the number of students who want to give them the Goliath treatment isn't zero. In fact, the number who live in my room isn't zero.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Riuscirò anch'io a realizzare i miei sogni? C'è un piccolo burrone tra la realtà e i sogni, il problema è riuscire a oltrepassarlo senza caderci dentro, a volte diventa difficile e si viene risucchiati dal mondo.
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|At least I had frost on my nose, boots on my feet, and protest in my mouth.
Peter Arnett, Flash! The Associated Press Covers the World|the library is the last free space for the gathering and sharing of knowledge: “Our attention cannot be bought and sold in a library.” As a tradition barely a century and a half old in the United States, it gives physical form to the principle that public access to knowledge is the foundation of democracy ["What Libraries Can (Still) Do," The New York Review Daily, October 26, 2015].
Matthew Quick, Boy21|I can always look up at the cosmos and marvel, no matter what happens. And when I look up at it, I feel as though my problems are small. I don't know why, but it always makes me feel better.
C. JoyBell C.|I am an extremely sincere individual. I am sincere, to a fault. One of the many things that I have come to realize, to learn, is that sincerity must be reserved and given only to those who deserve it. And one must save one's emotions, channeling them only to the people who are worthy of it. One must not throw one's pearls to the pigs.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|How often do we tell our own life story? How often do we adjust, embellish, make sly cuts? And the longer life goes on, the fewer are those around to challenge our account, to remind us that our life is not our life, merely the story we have told about our life. Told to others, but—mainly—to ourselves.
John Updike|Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wind in the Door|Who makes you least confused?""Calvin" There was no hesitation here. "When I'm with Calvin, I don't mind being me""You mean he makes you more you, don't you?""I guess you could put it that way.
B.J. Daniels, Wild Horses|Ten books in and the Red Stone Security series is still going strong because of you, my wonderful readers. Thank you.
Christian D. Larson|So long as we do not know definitely what we want, our forces will be scattered, and so long as our forces are scattered, we will accomplish but little, or fail entirely. When we know what we want, however, and proceed to work for it with all the power and ability that is in us, we may rest assured that we will get it. When we direct the power of thinking, the power of will, the power of mental action, the power of desire, the power of ambition, in fact, all the power we possess on the one thing we want, on the one goal we desire to reach, it is not difficult to understand why success in a greater and greater measure must be realized.
Michelle Cuevas, Beyond the Laughing Sky|The missions were always changing- sometimes collecting jars of rain, paper bags of hiccups, adopting lost moonbeams and folding them into cake batter. Or perhaps investigating glittering slug trails left in the moonlight, finding the owners of abandoned buttons, or playing the sousaphone for caterpillars still in their cocoons.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as you are, come to Christ Jesus, He will change you, to what you ought to be.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|For the yesterdays and todays, and the tomorrows I can hardly wait for - Thank you.
Tokugawa Iehiro|One must not judge other cultures by the standars of one's one,' said Aunt Hilda
David Hasselhoff|My wife and I have a schizophrenic son. We didn't want to accept this for 30 years, so we put him under great pressure when we shouldn't have. He just wanted to be looked after, and we didn't respect that. We tried to make him independent.
Gene Wolfe, The Citadel of the Autarch|Yes", Kumiko said, seriously. "Exactly that. The extraordinary happens all the time. So much, we can't take it. Life and happiness and heartache and love. If we couldn't put it in story - ""And explain it -""No!" she said, suddenly sharp. "Not explain. Stories do not explain. They seem to, but all they provide is a starting point. The story never ends at the end. There is always after. And even within itself, even by saying that this version is the right one, it suggests other versions, versions that exist in parallel. No, story is not an explanation, it is a net, a net through which the truth flows. The net catches some of the truth, but not all, never all, only enough so that we can live with the extraordinary without it killing us." She sagged a little, as if exhausted by this speech. "As it surely, surely would.
Ziggy Marley|Love is a positive effect. Love can never have a negative effect, only a positive effect.
Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar|Sporting competitions seem to be what we obsess over, frankly. So if we can put engineering, science, technology into a format of healthy, fun competition, we can attract all sorts of kids that might not see the kind of activity we do as accessible or rewarding.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|We are all One in this World.With one Dream in every People's mind.Money is only to Use for our daily sustenance.Born rich is only to be respected, not to make others down.Upgrowing with many knowledge around us is an opportunity.Born Smart is a gift.But to Grow up with respecting this all is an attitude that opens every door what will be closed for others, and respected by all humans.Jan Jansen
Georg C. Lichtenberg|On this shrunken globe, men can no longer live as strangers.
Truman Capote, Summer Crossing|When he was in the army he'd picked up a great many girls: sometimes nothing happened except a lot of talk, and that was all right too: because it didn't matter what you said to them, for in those transient moments lies or truth were arbitrary and you were whatever you wanted to be.
Tessa Dare, When a Scot Ties the Knot|Cited from Chuck Palahniuk, 2003 - do not suffer do not rejoice, be not complimented or offended by such gifts. Judge not, lest ye be judged (Ejump, 2017)
James     Baldwin|This is the only real concern of the artist, to recreate out of the disorder of life that order which is art.
Brian T. Shirley|My ship came in,then it sank!
Mercedes Lackey, Beauty and the Werewolf|Adults tend to repress their pleasure. Sad to say, I think we become adults only through disappointment, grief, and lies. So of course gradually we become tough, less sensitive.
Tara Brach, True Refuge: Finding Peace and Freedom in Your Own Awakened Heart|Each time you meet an old emotional pattern with presence, your awakening to truth can deepen. There’s less identification with the self in the story and more ability to rest in the awareness that is witnessing what’s happening. You become more able to abide in compassion, to remember and trust your true home. Rather than cycling repetitively through old conditioning, you are actually spiraling toward freedom.
C. JoyBell C.|Someone once said that integrity comes from caring about what other people think of you; but I don't think that integrity comes from caring what other people think about you. I think that integrity comes from you caring about how you affect other people. If your integrity comes from caring about what others think about you, then your integrity will have no foundation and it will always change based upon other people. And that's not integrity at all.
Kate Summerscale, The Suspicions of Mr. Whicher: A Shocking Murder and the Undoing of a Great Victorian Detective|Nothing can be more slightly defined than the line of demarcation between sanity and insanity ... Make the definition too narrow, it becomes meaningless; make it too wide, and the whole human race becomes involved in the dragnet. In strictness we are all mad when we give way to passion, to prejudice, to vice, to vanity; but if all the passionate, prejudiced and vain people were to be locked up as lunatics, who is to keep the key to the as
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|I looked down at my clothes. They were slashed to pieces and full of bullet holes, but I was fine. Not a mark on me.Nico's mouth hung open. "You just . . . with a sword . . . you just—""I think the river thing worked," I said."Oh gee," he said sarcastically. "You think?
Shannon Kaiser|No matter how much someone else loves you or you love other people, if you don’t love yourself then it can never be enough.
Charles Pellegrino, Ghosts of the Titanic|Watching that great ship fly up, and up, and up against the night was an awakening, a vivid flash of something like God, something more powerful than nature itself. And it is us. And we know. We who have seen.
Mary Harris Jones|The idea of education has been so tied to schools, universities, and professors that many assume there is no other way, but education is available to anyone within reach of a library, a post office, or even a newsstand.
George Gissing|The child, screaming for refuge, senses how feeble a shelter the twig hut of grown-up awareness is. They claim strength, these parents, and complete sanctuary. The weeping earth itself knows how desperate is the child's need for exactly that sanctuary. How deep and sticky is the darkness of childhood, how rigid the blades of infant evil, which is unadulterated, unrestrained by the convenient cushions of age and its civilizing anesthesia. Grownups can deal with scraped knees, dropped ice-cream cones, and lost dollies, but if they suspected the real reasons we cry they would fling us out of their arms in horrified revulsion. Yet we are small and as terrified as we are terrifying in our ferocious appetites.
Michelle R. Hebl, Handbook for Teaching Introductory Psychology: Volume II|But nothing in my previous work had prepared me for the experience of reinvestigating Cleveland. It is worth — given the passage of time — recalling the basic architecture of the Crisis: 121 children from many different and largely unrelated families had been taken into the care of Cleveland County Council in the three short months of the summer of 1987. (p18)The key to resolving the puzzle of Cleveland was the children. What had actually happened to them? Had they been abused - or had the paediatricians and social workers (as public opinion held) been over-zealous and plain wrong? Curiously — particularly given its high profile, year-long sittings and £5 million cost — this was the one central issue never addressed by the Butler-Sloss judicial testimony and sifting of internal evidence, the inquiry's remit did not require it to answer the main question. Ten years after the crisis, my colleagues and I set about reconstructing the records of the 121 children at its heart to determine exactly what had happened to them... (p19)Eventually, though, we did assemble the data given to the Butler-Sloss Inquiry. This divided into two categories: the confidential material, presented in camera, and the transcripts of public sessions of the hearings. Putting the two together we assembled our own database on the children each identified only by the code-letters assigned to them by Butler-Sloss. When it was finished, this database told a startlingly different story from the public myth. In every case there was some prima fade evidence to suggest the possibility of abuse. Far from the media fiction of parents taking their children to Middlesbrough General Hospital for a tummy ache or a sore thumb and suddenly being presented with a diagnosis of child sexual abuse, the true story was of families known to social services for months or years, histories of physical and sexual abuse of siblings and of prior discussions with parents about these concerns. In several of the cases the children themselves had made detailed disclosures of abuse; many of the pre-verbal children displayed severe emotional or behavioural symptoms consistent with sexual abuse. There were even some families in which a convicted sex offender had moved in with mother and children. (p20)
Holly Bourne, Am I Normal Yet?|I want you to promise me that you'll stop comparing yourself to everyone else.' 'What?' I broke off the hug, not understanding. 'You. Evelyn. You're always like, 'I wish I coulld be like this' or 'I wish I could be more like so-and-so'. You're obsessed with being normal, but that's well boring, and you're extraordinary, Evie. Promise me you'll stop trying to stop stop being you'.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever happens to us, God gives grace to endure and overcome the situation.
Lisa Unger, Sliver of Truth|Any historian knows...that possibilities and history are connected. It's not simply our hard work, but that we lived in circumstances in which prosperity wasn't taken away. For most people, for most of history, it's not true that religion, work and love have led to successful, happy lives. Instability, fear, disease, and war are so much more common that our lives are tremendous exceptions. Isn't that miraculous?
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Do not judge a man by where he stands, but how he reached there.
Sara Secora|His eyes never blinked or wavered from mine, encompassing me in a field of control.
David Wolfe, The Sunfood Diet Success System|When you are attracted to, and eat, fruits, occasionally a seed will be carried within you to a fertile ground.
John Howard Griffin|I was frightened of so many things, in my vanity, that ultimately i couldn't protect myself any other way. Try not to be like that, okay? Be sure to keep your tummy warm, try to relax, both your heart and your body, try not to get flustered.Live like a flower. You have that right. It's something you can achieve, for sure, in your lifetime. And it's enough.
Janet Crain|Each store will fulfil some of your needs, but no individual store can meet all of your needs. Learning how to set realistic expectations now and in future relationships requires you to examine each of the existing stores to see what they can offer.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|Nobody needs saving, just a little bit of empathy
Benjamin Wood, The Bellwether Revivals|Look to the past only to find ways to improve your present and future, never to find regrets. Don’t let what has happened in the past limit your life now. Let your past expand your life.
Jerome Bruner, The Culture of Education|Being able to "go beyond the information" given to "figure things out" is one of the few untarnishable joys of life. One of the great triumphs of learning (and of teaching) is to get things organised in your head in a way that permits you to know more than you "ought" to. And this takes reflection, brooding about what it is that you know. The enemy of reflection is the breakneck pace - the thousand pictures.
Julie Harvey Delcourt, Rook and Raven|Wheels turning, the motorcycle’s roar grows steady, which, too, is a form of silence.
Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron|Meditation takes us just as we are, with our confusion and our sanity. This complete acceptance of ourselves as we are is called maitri, or unconditional friendliness, a simple, direct relationship with the way we are.
Lemony Snicket, When Did You See Her Last?|It was a puzzle, a dark and lonely one, and if I were a piece in this puzzle, I did not know where it belonged. I needed to put myself aside, just for a little while, until I saw where I might fit in.
Chris Mentillo|You Can Not Me Honest To Others, If You Are Not First Honest With Yourself.
Shelina Zahra Janmohamed, Love in a Headscarf|In this modern day, when only what we see is allowed to have certainity, and when scientific data seems to hold the trump card for truth, when only what can be measured exists, love defies all these strictures and dances joyfully before the eyes of human beings, teasing them with the promise of the unknown.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Maybe you never considered yourself a bully, a batterer or an abuser before, but maybe you are — to yourself.
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|and while he did all the actual dancing, I remember whirling around and around the porch those hot summer days so long ago and never wanting to stop.
Temple Grandin, Thinking in Pictures: My Life with Autism|Unfortunately, most people never observe the natural cycle of birth and death. They do not realize that for one living thing to survive, another living thing must die.
Markus Zusak|But sometimes I wanted to feel like a child, to know that he would stand in front of me while waves crashed towards us or arrows come at us.
Salvatore Quasimodo|The death industry markets caskets and embalming under the rubric of helping bodies look 'natural,' but our current death customs are as natural as training majestic creatures like bears and elephants to dance in cute little outfits, or erecting replicas of the Eiffel Tower and Venetian canals in the middle of the harsh American desert.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|In the tabernacle of grace, all your obstacles will be tackled. Wake up to see it happen live. You are victorious in all things!
Deyth Banger|Enemy are your friends"... YOOU ARE FUCKING DRUNK... THIS CONCLUSION IS FUCKING WRONG.
Rae Carson, The Girl of Fire and Thorns|My mind is the only sanctuary that has not been stolen from me. Men have tried to breach it before, but I've learned to defend it vigorously, for I am only safe with my innermost thoughts.
Amit Kalantri|Responsibility and duty are different things, you can sacrifice your responsibility for your duty but you cannot sacrifice your duty for your responsibility.
Michael R. French, Once Upon a Lie|We must believe we are capable of transcending evil, of not needing to hide in the darkness or surrender to our basest fears.
Anonymous|One cannot simply read the Bible, like other books. One must be prepared really to enquire of it. Only thus will it reveal itself. Only if we expect from it the ultimate answer, shall we receive it. That is because in the Bible God speaks to us. And one cannot simply think about God in one’s own strength, one has to inquire of him. Only if we seek him, will he answer us.
Shalom Auslander|In this era where you can be anything you want to be, it is very alluring to miss the most important mark in life - fulfillment and meaning; Remember that, what you can do may not be necessarily what you are called to do
Frederic Bastiat|The federal government was responsible for building the levees, engineering the levees, and consequentially, the federal government is responsible for repairing the damage that has been done, which has not been completed yet.
Jennifer A. Nielsen|If he put us in dresses, we wouldn't suddenly become women
Jen Campbell, The Bookshop Book|Since the dawn of humanity, stories have allowed each of us to be many.
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|I think the influence of books is neither direct and more predictable. Books themselves are too unruly, and so are readers.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
Walter Scott|People don't know that when there is something running in my mind, I start smiling. If I'm angry, I smile and blush.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We can find peace among ourselves, when we find peace with nature.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|Why does this mean so much to you, Jon?"The Prince turned. "Because he's my friend. Because I always know where he stands, and where I stand with him. Because I think he'd die for me and--and I think I'd die for him. Is that enough?
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|If I’m a monster, mademoiselle, it’s because man’s cruelty has made me so.
Soman Chainani, The School for Good and Evil|Vanity of vanities, all is vanity, and there is nothing new under the sun, as Solomon said more than three thousand years ago.
Susan Estrich|I have long understood that losing always comes with the territory when you wander into the gambling business, just as getting crippled for life is an acceptable risk in the linebacker business. They both are extremely violent sports, and pain is part of the bargain. Buy the ticket, take the ride.
Jodi Meadows, Incarnate|You could just tell when a person belonged somewhere. That is something you can't fake, no matter how hard you try
James     Baldwin, The Devil Finds Work|Only as we live, think, feel, and work outside the home, do we become humanly developed, civilized, socialized.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|You know you are truly alive, when you care for every living thing. One day soon, it will be the norm to view others not as competition, but gifts to share this gorgeous planet with, and we will not be able to imagine the loss of but one.
Charles Williams|Forgiveness really is so misunderstood, as well as the power it can release in an individual.
Theodore Roosevelt|...if we do not know how to defend ourselves, our women and our places of worship by force of suffering, i.e., nonviolence, we must, if we are men, be at least able to defend all these by fighting." (MLK)"...If given a choice between violent resistance and passive acceptance, King and Gandhi both accepted violence..." "...like violence, it [non-violent resistance] was aggressive, but it was spiritually, bot physically, so." "...At the same time the mind and the emotions are active, actively trying to persuade the opponent to change his ways and convince him that he is mistaken and to lift him to a higher level of existence.
Deepak Chopra, Buddha: A Story of Enlightenment|Asita had been raised on this knowledge. He knew also that all these planes merged into each other like wet dyed cloths hung too close on the line, the blue bleeding into the red, the red into the saffron yellow. Lokas were apart and together at the same time. Demons could move among humans, and often did. The re-verse, a mortal visiting the demon loka, was much rarer.
Jason Lee|I'm not a big spender or shopper. Neither am I extravagant, nor do I have big expenses. I mainly spend on travel. I don't buy overpriced clothes, as I feel such expenses are unnecessary. I probably wouldn't buy expensive watches or jewellery either.
Anne Lamott|Jazz music is to be played sweet, soft, plenty rhythm.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|Such a dark green, his eyes. They reminded her of the forest, of all the dangers lying dormant behind that verdant cloak of leaves.
Lauren Rowe, The Club|Find what you're good at. whatever it is, and become excellent at it. Excellence isn't magic - it's habit, the by product of doing something over and over and striving to be the best at it. Simply figure out what your passion is, and resolve to make excellence your habit.
Avra Amar Filion, The Ellison Effect|Buhari is a man of integrity and I respect him a lot. But because majority of those who have looted this country to poverty are afraid to end up in jail or loose their ill gotten wealth, they chose to fabricate lies against Buhari. They hire hungry and morally corrupted scholars to do the dirty jobs on their behalf.
Zayn Malik|My mom really inspired me. She has always taught me it's not about us, it's about what we can give back.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|What I believe is that when it comes to big things in life, there are no accidents. Everything happens for a reason. You are here for a reason -- and it's not to fail and die.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself, the divine soul.
Tom Cunningham|Sometimes, life is like mountain climbing. After you've achieved your biggest goals, you must return to the starting point to complete the journey and share your story with others to encourage them for their climb.
Jason  Taylor, Lead Yourself To Financial Success: How To Become A Great Leader, Add Value To Any Organization, And Increase Overall Prosperity In As Little As Three Months|If you want to lead, study Moses; if you want to manage study Pharaoh.
Criss Jami, Healology|But sometimes to keep Evil from getting in, you have to let Good out.
Jack Campbell, Steadfast| If you love something, Set it free... If it comes back, it's yours, If it doesn't, it never was yours.... " But if it comes back and dies, It wasn't ever real.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|War is ruthless murder, yet it is justifiable only when a country is defending its turf from outside intruders. To convince soldiers to attack another country for no other reason than greed or strategic positioning requires creativity. And most of the time, soldiers do not really know whether they are on the side of the attackers or the defenders. This is where people misunderstand war. When you attack another country for its resources, you are the pirate. But when you protect your country from the pirates, you are the hero.
Hallie Ephron|Obviously, in dealing with a relationship, sexuality has to be involved, and jealousy and emotions like that. And I don't know, I've always been intrigued by those emotions.
Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses|What do you mean "Ewww"?How is my tuna breath worsethan peanut butter?
Nikki Rowe|It takes a tremendous amount of strength to be a single mother. To hold down the forte of a home, a life and your child's entire happiness.
Ashley Ormon|I want to know we're not pushing children toward the traditions of life, but instead cultivating them to grow in their own specific purposes, and make the dreams of their youth become realities as they age.
Dane Cook|There's been times when I've had heartbreaking moments and I'm like, 'I can't believe you said that,' or 'I can't believe you did that'. And it hurts, it still hurts, and it'll always hurt, but I've never had somebody that I truly cared about just walk out on me, whether it was a boyfriend, or an aunt, mom or dad.
David Rains Wallace, The Klamath Knot: Explorations of Myth and Evolution|Long dismissed as children's stories or 'myths' by Westerners, Australian Aboriginal stories have only recently begun to be taken seriously for what they are: the longest continuous record of historic events and spirituality in the world.
Holly Bourne, Am I Normal Yet?|I feel like I'm stuck inside my body. Everyone's moved forward, but I've been stuck in the same place. Since I've come into all this awareness lately, the hardest part has been remembering who I used to be, the dreams that died, the years I've lost.
George Carlin|A flag is supposed to represent everything that a country does. It doesn't only represent the good things. If you burn the flag, you're burning the flag for what you perceive to be the bad things the country has done. it's only a symbol. It's only a piece of cloth.
Voltaire|Love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes, extends and preserves. Its eternal goal is life.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Kalahari Typing School for Men|We shall change all that...because it is possible to change the world, if one is determined enough, and if one sees with sufficient clarity just what has to be changed.
Debasish Mridha|Hope is the desire to bloom, but faith believes and visualizes the bloom.
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|True biblical love is a selfless commitment of one's body, soul, and spirit to the betterment of the other person.
Anita Valle, Maelyn|Maelyn smiled. If books could have litters, she'd be just as happy.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|But language is malleable, and it is not always on the side of truth. This is something every writer knows. Words make and unmake the world with terrifying rapidity, and they do so without moral distinction…There is a battle going on right now over the words we use, over who has the right to speak and who does not. (Katie Kitamura)
Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living|What you have within you in your life is what you are after death. If you have explored it to some extent, you would see how life continues after death, and know that after death the consequences of the way that you have lived follow.
Michelangelo|All art stems from a place of alienation. Intimate and alone. Most people are oppressed by the opinion of others, but I was not that way. I was afraid of the repercussions of not doing what I was told to do, what I was called to do by a creator.
Noah Baumbach|As a kid, I thought of myself as a funny person who secretly wanted to be serious, but now I think maybe I'm a serious person who secretly wants to be funny.
Anthony Liccione|Confidence, is like a belt worn around the waist. Wear it too tight, you come off cocky and arrogant, wear it too loose, you come off timid and a walk over, but wear it fit and snug, it will uphold you in every step of the way.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The well of salvation is gospel of Jesus Christ, the Saviour.
|At no given point in life should you stop aiming for a better mindset, a greater drive, and the attainment more positive results.
Edwin Booth|About 10,000 years ago, males and females were acting equitably and were treating one another as equals, and then males took over the power, because they have physical power and physical strength.
Tamara Hoffa, Heart of a Soldier|DPRK translates to Democratic People’s Republic of Korea—and if the words Democratic and Republic sound like a good thing, well, it’s oxymoronic because the Korea we’re talking about here is the communist one in the North, and when I said the pastor’s father was their guest, what I really meant is he was shot down, captured, tortured, and held prisoner by a depraved enemy in what today can only be described as a failed state.
Santosh Kalwar|Friendship is selfless love, care, respect, and honor not a profitable opportunity.
Charles R. Swindoll|The matters we or the world might consider trivial, He cares about and wants to remedy. He longs to relieve our worries and has promised to supply our most fundamental needs.
Joan Klempner|Some like to sleep. Some like to read late into the night without catching a wink. In a world of dreamers, both are essential.
Oliver Markus Malloy|I saw a documentary about prostitution in Holland a few years ago, that said over there health insurance actually pays for monthly visits to a prostitute for the disabled, because they feel that sex is part of a healthy life, so unmarried disabled men have a right to have sex, even if it's with a paid prostitute. Pretty bizarre, huh? Can you imagine a US health insurance company picking up the bill for your romp in the hay with a hooker?
Kamand Kojouri|To begin to know ourselves we must have sincere conversations with ourselves as if with a good friend. We must answer without reserve, listen without judgement, and accept without condition. That is self-love.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|Dreaming is good, without working on it's simply a myth!
Suzanna J. Linton, Willows of Fate|The thunder of horses’ hooves grows ever louder, but, still, I do not move. The thunder of those hooves, the thudding of my heart, and the gasping in my lungs make such a cacophony, it’s a wonder I hear Edmund at all.
David Gemmell, Wolf in Shadow|What is your name?"Why?"So I can mark your grave...
Criss Jami|Pride is pride not because it hates being wrong, but because it loves being wrong: To hate being wrong is to change your opinion when you are proven wrong; whereas pride, even when proven wrong, decides to go on being wrong.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|Maybe I'll go where I can see stars, he said to himself as the car gained velocity and altitude; it headed away from San Francisco, toward the uninhabited desolation to the north. To the place where no living thing would go. Not unless it felt that the end had come.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|Homo economicus was surreptitiously taken as the emblem and analogue for all living beings. A mechanistic anthropomorphism has gained currency. Bacteria are imagined to mimic "economic" behavior and to engage in internecine competition for the scarce oxygen available in their environment. A cosmic struggle among ever more complex forms of life has become the anthropic foundational myth of the scientific age.
Susie Larson, Embracing Your Freedom: A Personal Experience of God's Heart for Justice|Imagine yourself in Harriet Tubman's shoes. Fighting to be freed from deplorable conditions. Placing one foot in front of the other, putting slavery behind you. If a petite, abused slave can rise up, fight for freedom, secure the freedom of others, and change her world, so can I. And so can you.
Pat Schneider, Another River|We must remember balance and moderation. Patience can be spiritually enriching and virtuous… but when taken in excess, it turns to procrastination, the poison of inaction.
Leo Szilard|The whole idea is you can't sit around and do nothing. You have to get up and start living one day at a time. That's what I did my entire career. You can't sit around and say, 'Oh, poor me. Nobody likes me. Nobody is giving me a job.' You have to get up and go. If you sit at home and do nothing, that is what is going to happen.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I’ll always be your friend,” he said. “Your best friend, if you let me. But I want to be your lover, too.” He groaned and shifted in his chair. “Soon. I want to be that soon.” Then a look came over him. “Oh Gina…I didn’t even court you! God, I should date you first before I beg you to take off your clothes!
Lee Grant|Cove is essentially a collaboration, coordination and communication tool for the administration of organizations and communities, from the Stanford Graduate School of Business Entrepreneurship Club to church groups and schools.
Jeno Marz, Falaha's Journey: A Spacegirl's Account in Three Movements|The only woman who would wear a gown like this one, love, is one who knows the power she wields and isn’t afraid to use it.
David Thewlis|So nevertheless, what I'm saying is that what one is - one's parameters are constantly narrowed by one's success, and my desire is to widen my field even if I risk failure.
Debalina Haldar|When you're afraid because you don't know what comes next, I will be there to love you through it. So, I guess today, I'm asking you to let me.
Rafael Nadal|Cross the wrong state border with your gun, or wake up one morning to new legislation or a new presidential executive order, and suddenly you're the bad guy, not the good guy. No wonder some gun owners seem so touchy; they feel, at some level, like criminals in waiting.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|I loved Enso Roshi’s teachings. I loved learning about life. I loved life. It was a good thing to feel. I loved life, and I loved learning, and I was still learning. I was not, yet, done. At the end of our journeys, there would be an end to the journey. Maybe. If I was lucky. If providence shone down upon me gently. I would find love. I would find acceptance. Complete love. Complete acceptance. I would know, that the self, is an illusion. I would come to enlightenment, but that would also mean, there would be no ‘I’ there. I would realize that the ‘I’ was an illusion, all along, just like some great dream. This is what the wise sages say, the great teachings, the mystical teachings, not only from the East, but also from the West. The Gospel of Saint Thomas. Thomas Merton. Thomas, like I was Thomas, and also doubting, the main reasons I’d chosen the name. If nothing else, it was lovable, just as it is. My life. Even the parts I didn’t love, could I love them? The struggles. It was all part of the journey, and would I not look back fondly on this, at some time? Look at how arduous and sincere I’d been. Look at how worried I’d been. Look at how insecure I’d been. Look at how I’d struggled. Trying to find my way. Would I not look back upon myself, affectionately and fondly and with love?
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|No matter what your spiritual condition is, no matter where you find yourself in the universe, your choice is always the same: to expand your awareness or contract it.
Thucydides|I don't need to go onto Facebook and pretend to have friends I've never even met. To my mind, that kind of destroys the meaning of the word 'friend.' I take exception to that. Because I value and respect friendship.
Colette|Mortals are easily tempted to pinch the life out of their neighbor's buzzing glory, and think that such killing is no murder.
Chris Lange, An Era Apart|I met Ana doing free weights,” Roger said. “This hard-body señorita was putting me to shame on squats, and I asked her how she got such a tight ass —”“And then she decked you.”“Nah, she loved it! She’s real proud of that butt — she should be. She took me to one of her classes, and I got hooked. She’s a Zumba instructor.”Grant absorbed that information for a moment. “You do...Zumba?”“It’s great! Much more fun than PT. You just get going...” He did a little two-step maneuver on the city street, dancing to an unknown Latin beat. “Cha cha cha. Heeuh? Ana does this a little better than me...”Grant tried to hold it in. He really did. But his body quivered, his shoulders shook, and soon a whooping laugh erupted — which lasted quite a few seconds.Roger abruptly stopped his dance. “You judge, Madsen. Not cool.
Jeanette Vaughan|Jess Pepper's review of the Avalon Strings:'In a land so very civilized and modern as ours, it is unpopular to suggest that the mystical isle of Avalon ever truly existed. But I believe I have found proof of it right here in Manhattan.To understand my reasoning, you must recall first that enchanting tale of a mist-enshrouded isle where medieval women--descended from the gods--spawned heroic men. Most notable among these was the young King Arthur. In their most secret confessions, these mystic heroes acknowledged Avalon, and particularly the music of its maidens, as the source of their power.Many a school boy has wept reading of Young King Arthur standing silent on the shore as the magical isle disappears from view, shrouded in mist.The boy longs as Arthur did to leap the bank and pilot his canoe to the distant, singing atoll. To rejoin nymphs who guard in the depths of their water caves the meaning of life. To feel again the power that burns within. But knowledge fades and memory dims, and schoolboys grow up. As the legend goes, the way became unknown to mortal man. Only woman could navigate the treacherous blanket of white that dipped and swirled at the surface of the water.And with its fading went also the music of the fabled isle.Harps and strings that heralded the dawn and incited robed maidens to dance evaporated into the mists of time, and silence ruled.But I tell you, Kind Reader, that the music of Avalon lives. The spirit that enchanted knights in chain mail long eons ago is reborn in our fair city, in our own small band of fair maids who tap that legendary spirit to make music as the Avalon Strings.Theirs is no common gift. Theirs is no ordinary sound. It is driven by a fire from within, borne on fingers bloodied by repetition. Minds tormented by a thirst for perfection.And most startling of all is the voice that rises above, the stunning virtuoso whose example leads her small company to higher planes.Could any other collection of musicians achieve the heights of this illustrious few? I think not.I believe, Friends of the City, that when we witnes their performance, as we may almost nightly at the Warwick Hotel, we witness history's gift to this moment in time. And for a few brief moments in the presence of these maids, we witness the fiery spirit that endured and escaped the obliterating mists of Avalon.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Hope is a fire more ravenous than the flames of temptation.  For if only a portion of it poisons your veins, it is enough to make you stand against ridiculous odds again and again and again.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|I venture the challenging statement that if American democracy ceases to move forward as a living force, seeking day and night by peaceful means to better the lot of our citizens, fascism will grow in strength in our land.
Courtney Giardina, Behind the Strings|True love can be overwhelming, and sometimes painful. It is a kaleidoscope of emotions, all sorts of different colours blending together into one. It's gravity so powerful - an unstoppable force. True love is a natural muse; you will puzzle over it, dream about it, and be lost in it. It consumes you wholeheartedly.
Zeena Schreck|The physical union of a man and a woman, in essence, is a supernatural act, a reminiscence of paradise, the most beautiful of all the hymns of praise dedicated to the Creator by the creature; it is the alpha and the omega of all creation.
Stefan Emunds|True: fear is the beginning of wisdom, but love perfects it!
Celia Rivenbark, Stop Dressing Your Six-Year-Old Like a Skank: And Other Words of Delicate Southern Wisdom|What do you want?" Sophronia was moved to exasperation."Me? Stockings and breeches to come back in fashion. I do miss seeing a man's calves.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with the Romantics|By studying human history, we can realize how much of human stupidity has fallen on fertile ground. Is gravity guilty for such an occurrence too?
Sunday Adelaja|But wait ooo ....Alcohol(Outings & Fashion), Women/Men, Money, Thats all about it.you call this fun ? These don't satisfy ME and you both know how you feel when you are alone. IT STINKSJESUS SATISFIES, NOT CHURCH.
J.A. London, Darkness Before Dawn|Better overcautious than missing a jugular vein, as the saying goes."That was a very morbid saying. Maybe only vampire said it.
David Levithan, Love Is the Higher Law|It is nice to be important, but it is very important for you to be nice to people
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Some teach “universalism”—that eventually everybody will be saved and the God of love will never send anyone to hell. They believe the words “eternal” or “everlasting” do not actually mean forever. However, the same word which speaks of eternal banishment from God is also used for the eternity of heaven.
Saint Augustine|I thank God that I'm a product of my parents. That they infected me with their intelligence and energy for life, with their thirst for knowledge and their love. I'm grateful that I know where I come from.
Alexander Pope|The first holy truth in God 101 is that men and women of true faith have always had to accept the mystery of God's identity and love and ways. I hate that, but it's the truth.
Winona LaDuke|Sure I am of this, that you have only to endure to conquer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whether you have teeth or not, smile! Because our world always needs a smile!
Jeffrey Gitomer|The stones were sharp,The wind came at my back;Walking along the highway, Mincing like a cat.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|There was a moment of silence as they imagined a future in which there existed an organisation that stole imagination for, undoubtedly, a sinister plan.
Billy Joel|Grammys, American Music Awards, successful albums, I'd pick my kids any day over any of it.
Blake Lively|I know how to set an irrigation tube, and I helped with the harvest. I learned the law of the harvest without even knowing I was learning it. On the farm, you learn early that you reap what you sow.
Flannery O'Connor|All living things contain a measure of madness that moves them in strange, sometimes inexplicable ways. This madness can be saving; it is part and parcel of the ability to adapt. Without it, no species would survive.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To be able to impact the society and to be an agent of change, you have to make yourself available to serve.
Elizabeth Edwards|Well, there's nothing better than putting your feet up on a Sunday afternoon and grabbing a good book.
Cristin Harber, Chased|He didn’t touch her. He didn’t have to. Tingles exploded down her neck, shooting toward her navel.
Chelsea Handler, Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea|Seconds later, the female security officer grabbed a pair of my father's shorts from the top of the duffel bag, and emptied out the contents of his pockets. A lighter, three nail files, a pocket wrench, a pair of pliers, a screwdriver, and a nectarine fell onto the folding table. I looked at the woman, looked at my father, and then looked around to see if anyone else was watching.  "What's the problem?" my father asked the woman.  "Sir, I'm going to have to take this lighter away from you," she said.  "The lighter?" I asked her. "What about the bomb kit he's carrying around? He could do a lot more damage to a person with that wrench."  "I need the wrench!" he shrieked.  "For what?"  "What if something goes wrong with the plane?
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|It’s a way of talking about lust without talking about lust, he told them. It is a way of talking about sex, and fear of sex, and death, and fear of death, and what else is there to talk about?
Truman Capote|I have an extremely strong, masculine mind and a feminine sensibility level, which is kind of an unusual combination. Both men and women tell me things and I can relate on two levels simultaneously.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Lacanian Author|At first the creative mind submits to its entry into the symbolic register and gets itself structured like everyone else. Then he balks at a fateful moment which becomes a turning point in the history of his mental growth. From the entry into the imaginary order where he acknowledges his ego and then to the symbolic order where he recognizes his place in the society and finally in his de-symbolization or a refusal to obey the Law that is the rules of the world of symbols, a creative genius is born.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|Might there come a timeWhen we stand over a graveAnd mourn ourselves?Mourn the past, a previous life?Shall we weep for the passing of time?Shall we grieve for unfulfilled dreams?In my naivety; in my beliefIn immortal youth, I sleep walk through life.Someone... wake me up.Please.Wake me up.
Jay Stringer, How to Kill Friends and Implicate People|You want them to give Batman counselling sessions?""It's genius. Just make Bruce Wayne get over his shit, then, presto, no more Batman. The baddies win by default.
H.M. Ward, The Wedding Contract|At times like these, size really does matter," I point out, at I extend my ginormous umbrella over her in a way that stops any rain droplets from falling on her.My Best Valentine's Day Ever, A Short Story by Zack Love
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|What did we know? This was early days. We had no idea what was out there. How dangerous it might be. It was just a school maths problem. They never asked that in the exams, did they? Like, “If John walks at three miles an hour from London to Brighton, and he's attacked by rabid grown-ups four times, and they bite his right leg off, how long will it take him to bleed to death?
Ken Robinson|Global poverty is a complex web of interlinked problems. There is no one 'silver bullet' that will solve global inequality. Multiple contributing factors must be tackled in parallel. Yes, education alone is unlikely to lead to employment without economic reform to address the demand side in much of the developing world.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Covetousness gives birth to violence, while violence gives birth to oppression.
Bill Mego, The Limbus of the Moon|If you have to worry about a man, he's not worth worrying about.
Jonathon Miller Weisberger, Rainforest Medicine: Preserving Indigenous Science and Biodiversity in the Upper Amazon|I think the church has done a pretty good job at reaching the "down and outers" but not a good job at reaching the "up and outers." I feel like one of my mandates is to reach corporate America with a message that relates to them. As an avid reader, I realized that the church at large was not speaking the language of corporate America or strategically to the needs of a corporate man/woman.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|...The important people in our lives leave imprints. They may stay or go in the physical realm, but they are always there in your heart, because they helped form your heart. There's no getting over that.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|I know now that we never get over great losses; we absorb them, and they carve us into different, often kinder, creatures. ...We tell the story to get them back, to capture the traces of footfalls through the snow.
Tana French, The Likeness|Well, you have the right to make a sacrifice of yourself, but I'll be damned if I'll let you sacrifice me!
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Colin. Just the name made Alessandro’s gut burn. He knew the man wanted his wife, even if Brianna was too blind to see it. The moron had been cuckolded by the paragon of supposed virtue, his wife Carrie and now he had finally opened his eyes and seen what Alessandro had known all along. Brianna put every other woman in New York to shame. No woman could come near her beauty, her passion, her fire. Colin had tossed her aside for the angelic Carrie and now he was changing his mind. Oh no you don’t, you miserable fucker. “Her friend indeed,” Bernardo drawled, his Italian accent thick with unmistakable implication. “Dat’s da truth. He no make her cry all da time.” That was directed at Alessandro, with small dark accusatory eyes. “He nice.” Alessandro couldn’t look at those eyes without feeling a sickening pang of guilt. She’s mine! He wanted to scream. Mine! Mine! Mine! “Oh yes. Very nice. He was very nice when he held her at the cemetery and very nice when he was dancing with her at Adresca.” That made Alessandro’s head lift in surprise. “Oh yes, my boy. She’s been there, cleaning up the rubble and word is that she’s working on re-opening it. Her friend Colin has been quite helpful in that endeavour.” “I don’ like how you say dat,” Will said scowling. “Really young William, I only speak the truth,” Bernardo taunted. Alessandro’s mind was racing. NO! Not Colin. He could not let that imbecile take Brianna away from him. He’d have to be eliminated somehow. Alessandro began to plot all the different ways he could ensure that Colin Neally stayed away from his wife, permanently. They all involved grisly, violent methods. He could not be allowed to win Brianna.
Lech Walesa|The days of our lives, for all of us, are numbered. We know that. And yes, there are certainly times when we aren't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like. It's called being human.
Jeb Bush|My parents couldn't give me a whole lot of financial support, but they gave me good genes. My dad is a handsome son-of-a-gun, and my mom is beautiful. And I've definitely been the lucky recipient. So, thank you, Mom and Dad.
Margaret Atwood, Stone Mattress: Nine Tales|According to Tobias, women hang around longer because they’re less capable of indignation and better at being humiliated, for what is old age but one long string of indignities? What person of integrity would put up with it?
Bhavik Sarkhedi|We are all a little broken, looking for something whole to hang on to. But sometimes, what seems whole is even more broken than we are.
Jill Lepore|Innovation and disruption are ideas that originated in the arena of business but which have since been applied to arenas whose values and goals are remote from the values and goals of business. People aren’t disk drives. Public schools, colleges and universities, churches, museums, and many hospitals, all of which have been subjected to disruptive innovation, have revenues and expenses and infrastructures, but they aren’t industries in the same way that manufacturers of hard-disk drives or truck engines or drygoods are industries. Journalism isn’t an industry in that sense, either.Doctors have obligations to their patients, teachers to their students, pastors to their congregations, curators to the public, and journalists to their readers--obligations that lie outside the realm of earnings, and are fundamentally different from the obligations that a business executive has to employees, partners, and investors. Historically, institutions like museums, hospitals, schools, and universities have been supported by patronage, donations made by individuals or funding from church or state. The press has generally supported itself by charging subscribers and selling advertising. (Underwriting by corporations and foundations is a funding source of more recent vintage.) Charging for admission, membership, subscriptions and, for some, earning profits are similarities these institutions have with businesses. Still, that doesn’t make them industries, which turn things into commodities and sell them for gain.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui|I love morning television because it's the most vulnerable time of day, when you are at your rawest, and if I have the ability to make viewers smile, that's a gift from God.
Bakhtiyar Ali, I STARED AT THE NIGHT OF THE CITY|Dreams are often dangerous.Those endowed with an imagination don't run a way from this world, They think about the fate of all its creatures. They worry even about the flowers and the ants. But someone with a dream wants to make everyone service his dream.Ghazalnus
Novalis, Novalis: Philosophical Writings|I mean, Tarantino is such a SHMUCK 90 percent of the time. But ten percent of the time, I've seen genius shining off the guy.
Jeffrey Bell|The power of forgiveness is huge; it is really big, and it can save this world.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I had any hand in it at all there’s a chance that it might be beautiful, but it simply cannot not be majestic.
Joseph Gold, Read for Your Life: Literature as a Life Support System|If you read a story that really involves you, your body will tell you that you are living through the experience. You will recognize feelings that have physical signs - increased heart rate, sweaty palms, or calm, relaxed breathing and so on, depending on your mood. These effects are the same you would feel in similar real-life experiences - fear, anger, interest, joy, shame or sadness. Amazingly, you can actually 'live' experience without moving anything but your eyes across a page.
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|She had one of those husky voices that sounded as if she were permanently coming down with a cold. Men seemed to find that sexy in a woman, which Jackson thought was odd because it made women sound less like women and more like men. Maybe it was a gay thing.
James Joyce, Ulysses|People recover differently. Some change cities, some fall in love and some begin writing.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|I'm not formed by things that are of myself alone. I wear my father's belt tied around my mother's blouse, and shoes which are from my uncle. This is me. Just as a flower does not choose its color, we are not responsible for what we have come to be. Only once you realize this do you become free, and to become adult is to become free.
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|They need a social mechanism to make us require conformity of one other, and the best way to do that is to provide a mechanism to make us punish our own deviants.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Parents expect only two things from their children, obedience in their childhood and respect in their adulthood.
Katherine McIntyre, Rising for Autumn|We deal with so many nightmares on a regular basis. When I’m watching a horror movie, there’s a pattern, a sense of control in them. I’m just an observer, not having to deal with any of the repercussions. It’s a nice dream to think monsters play by the rules, that they’ve got a pattern you can unlock and follow. Real life’s messy, and the chaos leaves you devastated in the wake.
Roman Payne|A tired man lay down his headin a dusty room so dim,and for so long his wife did shakeand yell to waken him.Meanwhile his thoughts, his dreams, did stirof sandy, red bullfights,of powder-blasts in the airand carnival delights.Yet still his wife was in despairin a dusty room so dim,for she knew death was a whorenot far from tempting him.
Victoria Erickson|Half of me is filled with bursting words and half of me is painfully shy. I crave solitude yet also crave people. I want to pour life and love into everything yet also nurture my self-care and go gently. I want to live within the rush of primal, intuitive decision, yet also wish to sit and contemplate. This is the messiness of life - that we all carry multitudes, so must sit with the shifts. We are complicated creatures, and ultimately, the balance comes from this understanding. Be water. Flowing, flexible and soft. Subtly powerful and open. Wild and serene. Able to accept all changes, yet still led by the pull of steady tides. It is enough.
Eric Idle|I have a very personal feeling about how special America is, and I know how precious freedom is. It is a sacred gift, sanctified by those who have lived it and those who have died defending it. My right to speak my mind, to have a voice, to be what some have called 'opinionated,' is a right I deeply and profoundly cherish.
Emo Philips|Watching movies in the U.S. is great fun because they get every joke, they smile, they laugh so much; it's a great feeling.
Brittany Burgunder|Just because your heart is beating, doesn't mean you're alive.
Debasish Mridha|When your heart is calm and filled with love, you will not be touched by stress or anxieties.
Alex Garland, The Beach|James started to laugh. His chin hurt where she'd smacked him twice, his foot throbbed where she'd stepped on it, and his entire body felt as if he'd swum through a rosebush, which wasn't as far off the truth as it sounded. Yet still he started to laugh.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|If you're going through hell, keep going.
Enric Sala|Of all the planets apart from Earth in our solar system, Mars is the most hospitable. Yeah. Right. Better keep my visit short. And yet, despite the discomfort, the danger, I love it here. I love coming back for these imaginary vacations. The sights are amazing.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Were it not for the melanin in our skin, myoglobin in our muscles and haemoglobin in our blood, we would be the colour of mitochondria. And, if this were so, we would change colour when we exercised or ran out of breath, so that you could tell how energized someone was from his or her colour.
Gloria Estefan|I kept saying that I'd never live in L.A., and I didn't think I would. But that's where the work is, and I ended up making a lot of friends there, and my old friends moved out to Los Angeles too. And also, I think when you're famous, its hard to live in a small town.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|…more than a half million books, all of them smelling like dust and ink, two terrible smells that blend mystically to make something beautiful. Powells is another church to me, a paperback sort of heaven.
Quentin R. Bufogle|A friend told me that one day he and I would be rich and famous. I told him that I'd trade my half of the fame, for his half of the money.
Saul Bellow, The Adventures of Augie March|It is as though the practices organizing a bustling city were characterized by [city practitioners', everyday citizens'] blindness. The neworks of these moving, intersecting writings compose a manifold story that has neither author nor spectator, shaped out of fragments of trajectories and alterations of spaces: in relation to representations, it remains daily and indefinitely other.
Seneca, Moral Letters to Lucilius, Vol. 2|Our genuine happiness comes from doing things we feel good about, not from doing things that make us feel good.
Stevie Nicks|I would just love to do something where I'd have to train and work really hard and do one of those types of action movies, which a lot of women are doing now.
Shane Filan|From 1865 to 1965, my race, the black race, was one of the most competitive, entrepreneurial, Christian, moral races in our country. We had the highest percentage of entrepreneurs in the country, the highest percentage of marriage in the country.
Anca Ioviţă|Reading and writing, like everything else, improve with practice. And, of course, if there are no young readers and writers, there will shortly be no older ones. Literacy will be dead, and democracy - which many believe goes hand in hand with it - will be dead as well.
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|Whenever you get something in this world, you lose something too — that's just the way things work.
Dennis R. Blanchard, Three Hundred Zeroes: Lessons of the Heart on the Appalachian Trail|...do not spare any reasonable expense to come at early and true information; always recollecting, and bearing in mind, that vague and uncertain accounts of things [are]... more disturbing and dangerous than receiving none at all.
Jenim Dibie|She is brave and strong and broken all at once. As she speaks it is as if her existence is no longer real to her in itself, more like a living epitaph to a life that was.
Jessica Sorensen, Unbeautiful|To me, he is art, poetry for the eyes and heart. He is the most terrifyingly beautiful guy I have ever seen. And his scars have to tell a story...
Upton Sinclair, I, Candidate for Governor: And How I Got Licked|More generally, as I shall repeat in Chapter 8, one of the truly bad effects of religion is that it teaches us that it is a virtue to be satisfied with not understanding.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|The wisest were just the poor and simple people. They knew the war to be a misfortune, whereas those who were better off, and should have been able to see more clearly what the consequences would be, were beside themselves with joy.
Paul Strathern|How do I know anything about the world around me? By the use of my senses. But I can be deceived by my senses, A straight stick looks bent when it is dipped into water. How do I even know that I am awake, that the whole of reality is not a dream? How can I tell it is not a fabric of delusion woven by some malicious cunning demon simply to deceive me? By a process of persistent and comprehensive questioning it is possible to place in doubt the entire fabric of my existence and the world around me, Nothing remains certain. But in the midst of all this there is nevertheless one thing which does remain certain. No matter how deluded I may be in my thoughts about myself and the world, I still know that I am thinking, This alone proves me my existence, In the most famous remark in philosophy, Descartes concludes: 'Cogito ergo sum'-'I think, therefore I am.
Nunki Artura|Day’s thoughts were interrupted when Detective Johnson strolled into the conference room and announced proudly, “Detective Day, you are going to love me, handsome.”“Oh yeah, you finally got me that date with Channing Tatum?” Day quipped.Day heard God huff with annoyance, not bothering to turn around and face them.
Cameron Diaz|Being young isn't about age, it's about being a free spirit. You can meet someone of 20 who's boring and old, or you can meet someone of 70 who's youthful and exciting. I met Fred Astaire when he was 72 and I was 21, and I fell in love with him. He certainly was a free spirit.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|To witness miracles unfold in your experience, count your blessings and be thankful. Perceived small blessings accumulate to be the most powerful.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|If you will not die for us, you cannot ask us to die for you.
Craig Groeschel, Altar Ego: Becoming Who God Says You Are|Even when you think you have your life all mapped out, things happen that shape your destiny in ways you might never even have imagined. The coincidences or little miracles that happen every day of your life are hints that the universe has much bigger plans for you than you ever dreamed of for yourself.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you have experienced injustice and insulted by the ungodliness, then you are a candidate to stand against the same.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|Uh, hi," she said, lifting a hand in greeting.	"Hi yourself," Liam said, feeling remarkably calm, under the circumstances. "Did you just walk out of that closet?" He looked her over, taking in her unusual attire, jewels, sword, and all. She looked exotic, stunningly beautiful, and in some intangible way, more herself than he'd ever seen her.	"Nice outfit. Special occasion?" He was fairly certain she hadn't just come from a costume ball. Unless it was one that involved some kind of giant pumpkin and a fairy godmother.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Photoshop is just like makeup. When it’s done well it looks great, and when it’s overdone you look like a crazy asshole.
William Shakespeare|Men become civilized, not in proportion to their willingness to believe, but in proportion to their readiness to doubt.
Jacques Delille|Fate chooses our relatives, we choose our friends.
Terry Spear, Between a Wolf and a Hard Place|Brett will need some clothes if someone can drop some by.”	“All we need is a bear rug,” Meghan said.
Ondjaki, The Whistler|The morning was, therefore, a mixture of a plenitude of densities, from the presence of the placid birds, to the mundane premonition, to the spring of small glisters which accompanied that autumnal rain. The music, in a simple whistle, recreated a new universe with the parish and all the hearts that were witness to it- padre, pigeons, swallows, the world!- were clothed in a new carnivalesque colouring: a celebration from within.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Communism as I see it has no place in the United States, and the American people will not stand for its teachings.
Marie Rutkoski|Coming from Chicago, I like a white Christmas.
Matshona Dhiliwayo|The greatest treasures are not found in museums, but in our hearts.
|Success has proven to us over and over again that one's dream would become impossible to achieve, if one continuously convinces oneself to believe so.
Joel Sartore|Looking into the mirror I ask myself:"You live in a house equipped with air conditioning.You eat tasty food.You utilize convenient transportation to travel.You utilize convenient information technology to live.Could you not say that you, who do all this, are not a dictator?Isn't it right that you life is supported by somebody else's death?Doesn't your life that exists at the expense of somebody else's sacrifice infinitely resemble the life of a dictator who only cares about his own life?"-Yasumasa Morimura (excerpt from "Mr. Morimura's Dictator Speech").
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|But what of Ham? It didn’t matter if he told anyone about his drunken father or not, if he chided him or tried to dress him, if he lifted his struggling body back into bed, if he took his hand and told him where to place his feet, none of this changed the fact of what he’d seen. It’s possible he opened a door innocently, followed the sound of Noah’s voice cursing God and the sky, possible he didn’t even look, that he turned away before seeing. And it’s likely that Noah hadn’t noticed the door opening, couldn’t have told you who had come in, which son, wouldn’t remember anyway. Apparently it’s God’s call. Ham saw his father drunken and naked, and for this he was cursed, and all of his offspring, and the races that led from these offspring, accursed forever.
Guy de Maupassant, Une vie|Alecto… what do you think would happen if people found out about you? Your abilities, your life, Mearth’s super 8 films, those powers of yours… how would they react?”“I don’t know,” said Alecto, “but ordinary people like a show, especially when it’s a disturbing one. They enjoy seeing misery… probably because it allows them to pretend that they themselves are not so miserable, too. Also, they would probably find out about you, how you know about Personifications, how you saw the films… they would put us in cages and throw peanuts at us, I guess.”“All joking aside, Alecto.…”“Who is joking, Mandy Valems?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from acquaintances, and you are clever; from friends, and you are intelligent; from enemies, and you are shrewd; but learn from all, and you are wise.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Verbalize someone's actions back to them. Menace them with language, the language mirror. Death by feedback.
William Hurt|Wisdom lies neither in fixity nor in change, but in the dialectic between the two. A constant coming and going: wisdom lies in the momentary.
Debasish Mridha|Love is what makes you bloom like a flower with a smile, beauty and fragrance.
Big Sean|I grew up with a pretty tough mom. She was a self-appointed neighborhood watchdog, and if she saw that any of the local boys were up to no good, she would scold them on the spot. Although she is only 5 feet 2, she was famous in our neighborhood for intimidating men three times her size and getting them to do the right thing.
Hilarie Owen|Leadership is an unlimited resource and as such, is a lifelong pursuit of learning. That learning must be to transform 'leader of position' to 'leadership with moral purpose'.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|In reality, man is a mosaic of wills; and the will of each instinct, each desire, each purpose, is the intensity of that instinct, desire or purpose.
Tariq Ramadan|The 21st century - and the atheists - needs the presence of religion, just as religion must deal with the real challenges and the thinkers of the day in order to sharpen the conscience and the intelligence of those who study the timeless sacred texts in a spirit of responding to the questions of their time.
Priscilla Koranteng, Trails to the Stream: Poetry and Inspiration for Everyday Living|I am more than good enoughTo accomplish everything I can be,I will wake up todayThe history could have been different.But I am here now.
Christine Feehan, Water Bound|I just want to be loved, is that so wrong?!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Excellence is to keep beating your own standards every day. If you don't have a standard for yourself, you have no records to beat; and if you don't have any record to beat, you can't excel. What is your current standard?
William Gibson, Pattern Recognition|I was like a ten-year-old kid who had been scraped off a mother's love so sudden and surreal that I kept hoping I could chant a few magical words and slowly, Mama Jas would materialise in front of me.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|In the digital economy, if you can't be trusted you have no business doing business.
Henry James|The only obligation to which in advance we may hold a novel, without incurring the accusation of being arbitrary, is that it be interesting.
Michael Piller|A writer is very much like the captain on a star ship facing the unknown. When you face the blank page and you have no idea where you're going. It can be terrifying, but it can also be the adventure of a lifetime.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|This withdrawal from the day's turmoil into creative silence is not a luxury, a fad, or a futility. It is a necessity, because it tries to provide the conditions wherein we are able to yield ourselves to intuitive leadings, promptings, warnings, teachings, and counsels and also to the inspiring peace of the soul. It dissolves mental tensions and heals negative emotions.
Charles D'Ambrosio, Loitering: New & Collected Essays|Every fundamentalism focuses on end times, and Armageddon is, in a sense, a rhetorical trope, an emphatic and overwhelming conclusion, meant to wrap up and make tidy the mistaken wanderings of history. For a fundamentalist the end is one of the forms desire takes, a passion no different from lust or avarice, intense with longing and the need for fulfillment and relief. It’s like they’re horny for apocalypse. They get off on denouements, which partly explains why Hell House never amounted to much more than a series of murderous conclusions. It focused only on that part of a story where life finds itself fated. Inside every act a judgement was coiled. Real people with their ragged and uncertain lives, their stumbling desires, their bleak or blessed futures, would only break into the narrative, complicating the story, dragging it on endlessly.
Jared Taylor|The German deli was run by a distant cousin of Kaiser Wilhelm and the Great Neck Jews loved the place; they flocked to Kuch's. They said to one another, What a character he is, Otto, strictly old country, I'm telling you. Gus didn't think that Negroes would rush to shop in a store run by some retired slave owner, eager to share memories of fun times on the plantation, praising Massa's old-fashioned Mississippi charm. Jews were still chasing that absurd, wishful feather. Eventually, Jews would become like everybody else. They'd elevate small grievances; they'd cherish hurt feelings and ill treatment like they were signs of virtue.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|In essence, you are neither inferior nor superior to anyone. True self-esteem and true humility arise out of that realization. In the eyes of the ego, self-esteem and humility are contradictory. In truth, they are one and the same.
Piers Anthony, Centaur Aisle|Dor woke again as dawn came. The sun had somehow gotten around to the east, where the land was, and dried off so that it could shine again.
Julia Cameron, The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life|Bela had thought she knew what love felt like, but when she saw Sanjay at the airport after six long months, her heart gave a great, hurtful lurch, as though it were trying to leap out of her body to meet him. This, she thought. This is it. But it was only part of the truth. She would learn over the next years that love can feel a lot of different ways, and sometimes it can hurt a lot more.
Ricky Lee, Para Kay B|Ang great love mo, hindi mo makakatuluyan. Ang makakatuluyan mo ay yung correct love.
Joel Fuhrman|Health is not a condition of matter, but of Mind.
Tadao Ando|We have contributed through Indian culture; so many international collections are Indian-inspired. Why we don't make an international impact? We have talent, but we have not leveraged it, not married commerce to design.
Joe Dilley, The Game Is Playing Your Kid: How to Unplug and Reconnect in the Digital Age|Despite all our amazing ability, ingenuity, technology and industry humans are the one species who have not mastered the art of simplicity.
Neil Simon|I did my first film when I was in the final year of my graduation. At that time, I was still a kid, and I couldn't read the industry very well.
Ogwo David Emenike|Invariably, we all are 'MIND LORDS'.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Men feel about sex the way vampires feel about blood. They don't just like it, they crave it. That's why vampire stories always have strong sexual undercurrents. A vampire's hunger is simply a metaphor for a man's lust. And if a guy is paying attention to you, he wants to have sex with you.
|Majority of people don't see the amount of work and years ambitious people invest behind the scenes, but as soon as they succeed with their dreams, they would insinuate that they were lucky.
Barbra Streisand|The highest art is always the most religious, and the greatest artist is always a devout person.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|Whatever happened next, good or bad, it would be wonderful finding out.
David Rakoff, Don't Get Too Comfortable: The Indignities of Coach Class, The Torments of Low Thread Count, The Never-Ending Quest for Artisanal Olive Oil, and Other First World Problems|...'fundamentalism' and 'liberalism' and terrorism.' These labels only tell us partial truths. We must use them humbly, guardedly, Niebuhr would say, aware of the limitations of our own vision and of our own capacity for misunderstanding and self-deception.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|You are perfect in your own dysfunctional way. And it’s exactly what I want." - Fenn
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|ENTER THIS DESERTED HOUSEBut please walk softly as you do.Frogs dwell here and crickets too.Ain't no ceiling, only blueJays dwell here and sunbeams too.Floors are flowers - take a few.Ferns grow here and daisies too.Whoosh, swoosh - too-whit, too-woo,Bats dwell here and hoot owls too.Ha-ha-ha,hee-hee,hoo-hoooo,Gnomes dwell here and goblins too.And my child, I thought you knewI dwell here...and so do you.
Bob Marley|[Reggie] had a way of picking the bad ideas, which is why we should’ve just said no.(from GAMELAND Episode 1: Deep into the Game)
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|You shouldn't do that," said Laura. "You could set yourself on fire.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|In those pamphlets that they give at mental health centers where they list the ten or so symptoms that would indicate a clinical depression, 'suicide threats' or even simple 'talk of suicide' is considered cause for concern. I guess the point is that what's just talk one day may become a real activity the next. So perhaps after years of walking around with these germinal feelings, these raw thoughts, these scattered moments of saying I wish I were dead, eventually I too, sooner or later, would succumb to the death urge. In the meantime, I could withdraw to my room, could hide and sleep as if I were dead.
Ahmad Ardalan, The Gardener of Baghdad|The first step toward change is awareness. If you want to get from where you are to where you want to be, you have to start by becoming aware of the choices that lead you away from your desired destination.
Angelina Assanti, Mark Taylor's Checkered Past|Why, oh why was I standing entranced when I should have been releasing my inner she wolf on his arse?
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|The modern State, whether in a totalitarian or a democratic country, has far too much power, and we are probably right to fear it.
Pepper Winters, Quintessentially Q|I’d kill for you, Tess. I have killed for you. Don’t undermine me by fearing others. Fear me. Let me rule you!
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of thecat, although in this case there were three determinate states the catcould be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|All people have regrets. Warriors are no exceptions.One would hope it was possible to distinguish between events caused by one's carelessness or lack of ability and those caused by circumstances or forces beyond a one's control. But in practice, there is no difference. All forms of regret sear equally into the mind and soul. All forms leave scars of equal bitterness.And always, beneath the scar, lurks the thought and fear that there was something else that could have been done. Some action, or inaction, that would have changed things for the better. Such questions can sometimes be learned form. All to often, they merely add to the scar tissue.A warrior must learn to set those regrets aside as best he can. Knowing full well that they will never be far away.
Jason Priestley|What is missing from today's dialogue is the effect autism is having on families, our society and what the unknown factors are. The 300lb. gorilla in the room is that our children with autism today will soon become adults with autism.
Natalie Portman|You have to keep your sanity as well as know how to distance yourself from it while still holding onto the reins tightly. That is a very difficult thing to do, but I'm learning.
Rahm Emanuel|My first winner was on Legal Steps, in Ireland, at Thurles, in March 1992. I rode for Jim Bolger, and his stable jockey was Christy Roche.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|You said we all want there to be more than this! Well, there's always more than this. There's always something you don't know.
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|Now constipation was quite a different matter...It would be dreadful for the whole world to know about troubles of that nature. She felt terribly sorry for people who suffered from constipation, and she knew that there were many who did. There were probably enough of them for a political party - with a chance of government perhaps - but what would such a party do if it was in power? Nothing, she imagined. It would try to pass legislation, but would fail." (p, 195)
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|Once again, my hero. And here I’m supposed to be the one saving him.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Conscience is the true power. It resides within us. The intention to be absolutely truthful and the willingness to put the benefit of all before personal benefit hold the power to change the world. !is intention and willingness is of course ethical choice, but it is also the most natural, reasonable, and intelligent choice when we realize what we really are. If people begin to use the full power of conscience in all the choices they make in their everyday life, from presidential elections to purchasing things in the grocery store, the world will change.
Leigh Ann Henion, Phenomenal: A Hesitant Adventurer's Search for Wonder in the Natural World|All of life is a trust fall, and I'm awakening to the thrill, rather than the fear, of being suspended midair.
Luca Cordero di Montezemolo|My husband is pretty particular about his cars. In his opinion, the Mercedes are the best of the best.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Nobody is bored when he is trying to make something that is beautiful, or to discover something that is true.
J.H. Lee|Cowgirl Courage isn't the lack of fear, but the courage to take action in the face of fear.
Andrea Dworkin|Male supremacy is fused into the language, so that every sentence both heralds and affirms it. Thought, experienced primarily as language, is permeated by the linguistic and perceptual values developed expressly to subordinate women. Men have defined the parameters of every subject. All feminist arguments, however radical in intent or consequence, are with or against assertions or premises implicit in the male system, which is made credible or authentic by the power of men to name. No transcendence of the male system is possible as long as men have the power of naming... As Prometheus stole fire from the gods, so feminists will have to steal the power of naming from men, hopefully to better effect.
Sophia Myles|I know a lot of Eastern Europeans, and because of what they have been through and what they have seen, they have an attitude where they are not easily fooled.
Terry Pratchett, Nation|I've seen a look in dogs' eyes, a quickly vanishing look of amazed contempt, and I am convinced that basically dogs think humans are nuts.
Werner A. Lind, Lifeblood|Don't you ever wonder if this life has just gotten old and stale? When suddenly faced with my possible demise, I can't think of one thing I would miss, except you." - Vampire, Michel Baptiste
Charbel Tadros|Magick is not a supernatural power granted by spirits or demons. True magick is a natural power which exists in every person, and we have neglected it because of misguided principles.
Walt Whitman|WE two boys together clinging,One the other never leaving,Up and down the roads going, North and South excursions making,Power enjoying, elbows stretching, fingers clutching,Arm'd and fearless, eating, drinking, sleeping, loving.No law less than ourselves owning, sailing, soldiering, thieving,threatening,Misers, menials, priests alarming, air breathing, water drinking, onthe turf or the sea-beach dancing,Cities wrenching, ease scorning, statutes mocking, feeblenesschasing,Fulfilling our foray.
John Ratzenberger|Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor.
Joshua Waitzkin|When counting on learning from innovation, there are great successes but also failures. The Wright Brothers invented the aircraft and started an amazing process of innovation, where we now have planes that carry 500 passengers. Along the way there were some silly looking vehicles that crashed early on.
Joey W. Hill, Hostile Takeover|Cary rocked back on his heels and twirled one index finger around another in a sign meaning, wrapped around your fi
Meghan Daum|Analyzing data from 79 men and women who wore inconspicuous devices that recorded some of their conversations over the course of four days, researchers from Washington University and the University of Arizona found a correlation between feelings of well-being and the amount of time spent talking every day. Moreover, the more substantive your conversations, the happier you're likely to be. In other words, heart-to-hearts trump small talk. (LA Times, "A lof of happy talk", March 11, 2010, A21.)
Richard C. Carrier, Why I Am Not a Christian: Four Conclusive Reasons to Reject the Faith|Not by discussions nor by argument, but by lifting up Christ shall we draw men unto Him.
K.I. Hope, We Are Making the World a Better Place|I wake up and look at that bridge, try to count the red taillights I see heading east every morning, a kind of rosary as I pray for another crisis to dwarf the one defining us right now.
Mark Buchanan|I might paraphrase Churchill and say: never have I received so much for so little.[Exemplifying humility, upon accepting the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.]
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|The jealousy holds neither the colours and nor the places. It is voiceless and timeless a time bomb within you to blow up only you, not others.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|I have heard Silvius, an excellent physician of Paris, say that lest the digestive faculties of the stomach should grow idle, it were not amiss once a month to rouse them by this excess, and to spur them lest they should grow dull and rusty; and one author tells us that the Persians used to consult about their mostimportant affairs after being well warmed with wine.
Shane L. Koyczan|You are scared to relive them, the vulnerability of succumbing. So you think to shove them into a box at the back of your closet makes them less of a ticking time bomb?
Gyomay M. Kubose, Everyday Suchness: Buddhist Essays on Everyday Living|Forget self pity, live life! Be the artist of your own life.
Sunday Adelaja|The Roman Catholic portrait at the reception of the Indian YMCA displayed the generic Christ, the timorous, blonde-haired, blue-eyed face upturned to the heavens, a lost middle-class student searching for guidance in an inhospitable world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you kick a lion when it is down, God help you when it gets up.
Munia Khan, To Evince the Blue|Night after night on starry wingsNight lovers soared so highMiles apart, across the oceansTheir love forgot to sighIn heavenly flight’s timelessnessThat highest height treasuredInto the deepest of all bluesTheir depth of love measured.From the poem 'The Ballad of Night Lovers
Bruce Springsteen|Don’t take yourself too seriously. Take yourself as seriously as death itself. Don’t worry. Worry your ass off. Have iron-clad confidence, but doubt. It keeps you alive and alert! Believe you are the baddest ass in town – and [that] you suck! It keeps you honest. Be able to keep two completely contradictory ideas alive and well inside of your heart and head at all times. If it doesn’t drive you crazy, it will make you strong. And when you walk on stage tonight to bring the noise, treat it like it’s all we have – and then remember it’s only rock’ n’ roll.
Michael E. Porter, HBR's 10 Must Reads on Strategy|Someone once told me that, when your operations are not good, you should not talk strategy," says Iyer. "Fair enough. But the opposite is also true. If operations are good, then you must talk strategy.
Martin Luther|Not only does God play dice, but... he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen.
Plato, Apology|For to fear death, my friends, is only to think ourselves wise without really being wise, for it is to think that we know what we do not know. For no one knows whether death may not be the greatest good that can happen to man.
Abraham Cahan|As with fascism, the rise of Islamic totalitarianism has partly to do with its populist appeal to the class resentments of an economically oppressed population and to anger at political subordination and humiliation.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|The essence of all human rights is the equality of the entire human race, which the Qur’ān assumed, affirmed, and confirmed. It obliterated all distinctions among men except goodness and virtue (taqwā)
Jon Rappoport interview with ex-vaccine Researcher|An old man spoke to his grandson. "My child," he said. "Inside everyone there is a battle between two wolves. One is Evil. It is anger, jealousy, greed, inferiority, lies, and ego. The other is Good. It is joy, peace, love, hope, humility, kindness, empathy, and truth." The boy thought for a moment. Then he asked, "Which wolf wins?" A moment of silence passed before the old man replied. And then he said, "The one you feed." - Native American Folk Tale
Jerome K. Jerome, The Angel and the Author|Be not the first by whom the new is tried, Nor yet the last to lay the old aside,” is a safe rule for those who would always retain the good opinion of that all-powerful, but somewhat unintelligent, incubus, “the average person,” but the pioneer, the guide, is necessary. That is, if the world is to move forward.
Julie   Johnson, Erasing Faith|Nobody sees me like you do, and without you, I’ll be invisible. I exist because you see me.
Crissi Langwell, The Road to Hope|Maddie breathed in deep, inhaling the scent of breakfast and dish soap, clean laundry and wood floors, sunshine and a room filled with love. It smelled like home.
Donald Richie, The Donald Richie Reader: 50 Years of Writing on Japan|I think that everything you do helps you to write if you're a writer. Adversity and success both contribute largely to making you what you are. If you don't experience either one of those, you're being deprived of something.
Marian Vere, Once Upon A Second Chance|Whoever thought up the phrase ‘Absence makes the heart grow founder’ was an idiot.Absence makes a bitch go crazy. -Elli, While Shea is Away
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Long looking with admiration produces change. From your heroes you pick up mannerisms and phrases and tones of voice and facial expressions and habits and demeanors and convictions and beliefs. The more admirable the hero is and the more intense your admiration is, the more profound will be your transformation. In the case of Jesus, he is infinitely admirable, and our admiration rises to the most absolute worship. Therefore, when we behold him as we should, the change is profound.
Michael Ender|If you read a lot, you will know a lot.
Sebastian Faulks, Birdsong|All my life I had lived on the presumption that there was no existence beyond... flesh, the moment of being alive... then nothing. I had searched in superstition... But there was nothing. Then I heard the sound of my own life leaving me. It was so... tender. I regretted that I had paid it no attention. Then I believed in the wisdom of what other men had found before me... I saw that those simple things might be true... I never wanted to believe in them because it was better to fight my own battle. You can believe in something without compromising the burden of your own existence.
Steven Hatfill|I think the reaction to a World War II situation would be the same today as it was in 1942. Initially, people would question, but once patriotism got stirred up, the whole thing would gather momentum and we'd all pull together.
Gary Zukav, The Heart of the Soul: Emotional Awareness|What—in other words—would modern boredom be without terror? One of the most boring documents of all time is the thick volume of Hitler’s Table Talk. He too had people watching movies, eating pastries, and drinking coffee with Schlag while he bored them, while he discoursed theorized expounded. Everyone was perishing of staleness and fear, afraid to go to the toilet. This combination of power and boredom has never been properly examined. Boredom is an instrument of social control. Power is the power to impose boredom, to command stasis, to combine this stasis with anguish. The real tedium, deep tedium, is seasoned with terror and with death.There were even profounder questions. For instance, the history of the universe would be very boring if one tried to think of it in the ordinary way of human experience. All that time without events! Gases over and over again, and heat and particles of matter, the sun tides and winds, again this creeping development, bits added to bits, chemical accidents—whole ages in which almost nothing happens, lifeless seas, only a few crystals, a few protein compounds developing. The tardiness of evolution is so irritating to contemplate. The clumsy mistakes you see in museum fossils. How could such bones crawl, walk, run? It is agony to think of the groping of the species—all this fumbling, swamp-creeping, munching, preying, and reproduction, the boring slowness with which tissues, organs, and members developed. And then the boredom also of the emergence of the higher types and finally of mankind, the dull life of paleolithic forests, the long long incubation of intelligence, the slowness of invention, the idiocy of peasant ages. These are interesting only in review, in thought. No one could bear to experience this. The present demand is for a quick forward movement, for a summary, for life at the speed of intensest thought. As we approach, through technology, the phase of instantaneous realiza-tion, of the realization of eternal human desires or fantasies, of abolishing time and space the problem of boredom can only become more intense. The human being, more and more oppressed by the peculiar terms of his existence—one time around for each, no more than a single life per customer—has to think of the boredom of death. O those eternities of nonexistence! For people who crave continual interest and diversity, O! how boring death will be! To lie in the grave, in one place, how frightful!
Robert Louis Stevenson|Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
Ellen J. Barrier|To succeed in everything we do, we must have a desire to dream of things some would think are impossible.
Dada Bhagwan|The suffering that is there in this world is such that it will fall off (go away), but people give support to it.
Molière, The Misanthrope|We ought to punish pitilessly that shameful pretence of friendly intercourse. I like a man to be a man, and to show on all occasions the bottom of his heart in his discourse. Let that be the thing to speak, and never let our feelings be beneath vain compliments
Geoffrey O'Brien, Sonata for Jukebox: An Autobiography of My Ears|The question of what exactly we remember when we listen to old recordings, or whether it can be called remembering at all, becomes less and less answerable over a lifetime.
Prince Akwarandu|As a character I am dead, as a writer I am not.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|You understand why you must go through with this marriage.”“You say you couldn’t live with yourself if anything happened to Caspida. Yet you ask me to live with myself, knowing I sentenced you to this!” He holds up the lamp. “What’s the difference?”I look away angrily. “The difference is that this is my choice, Aladdin.”“Well, it’s a stupid choice!”I stand up. “Promise me you’ll go through with it.”He shuts his eyes.“Promise me! Please!”He opens his eyes then, and they are filled with pain. But he nods.“I have to hear you say it.”“I promise.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|When society involves the anarch in a conflict which in which he does not participate inwardly, it challenges him to launch an opposition. He will try to turn the lever with which society moves him. Society is then at his disposal, say, as a stage for grand spectacles that are devised for him. Everything changes; the fetter becomes fascinating, danger an adventure, a suspenseful task.
Dada Bhagwan|People live for two reasons. There are those who live for the Soul; such people are very rare. All others live for money. All day is spent for money, money, money!
Maurice Chevalier|Successful people realize the importance of a healthy body and a healthy mind. They know that the two are inextricably inter-linked and imperative for their smooth functioning. They follow a strict regimen of healthy habits which include right eating, adherence to meal times, a holistic exercise plan that suits one’ s age and a mind full of positivity. It is established that the first three invariably impact the fourth.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Don't hate the bullies. Experience tells me that hating them, or being angry with them, will always make it worse. Instead, put your arm around them. Love them. Tell them that they are valuable. Tell them that you expect great things from them. They will stop the bullying. They will stop, because they will start to love themselves. And people who love themselves don’t bully others.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Something is always born of excess: great art was born of great terror, great loneliness, great inhibitions, instabilities, and it always balances them.
Edwin Louis Cole|God is a verb, not a noun.
Asma Naqi|Through the passage of my life I have learned, that the power of positive association is so much stronger than any amount of negativity in the world. No matter how dark it is, a tiny beam of light is all it takes to kill the darkest of darkness.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Yeah! Bring it on lake!" -Coach Gleeson Hedge
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|In Sarasota, Florida, Stephen King reminded me of the joy of just writing every day.
David Levithan, Wide Awake|There is an illusion about America, a myth about America to which we are clinging which has nothing to do with the lives we lead and I don't believe that anybody in this country who has really thought about it or really almost anybody who has been brought up against it--and almost all of us have one way or another--this collision between one's image of oneself and what one actually is is always very painful and there are two things you can do about it, you can meet the collision head-on and try and become what you really are or you can retreat and try to remain what you thought you were, which is a fantasy, in which you will certainly perish.
Jonathan Maberry, Patient Zero|No one wants to go through life alone, fighting battles single-handedly their whole life. Not even the hardiest of heroes. That’s just a miserable existence. Everyone needs someone in their corner, right?...Even if you could,” I wrinkled my brow, “would you really want to? By all accounts, it gets lonely being your own hero.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes I feel so helpless and inadequate, and wonder if I have done enough to make the Gospel clear. But I also know that only the Holy Spirit can open others’ eyes to the truth.
Darrell Calkins|There are so many stereotypes, prepackaged concepts and platitudes out there in our thinking on the divine, and the associated emotions those produce; it’s very difficult to transcend. But that’s ultimately what experiencing the divine is all about: transcending stereotypes, concepts and platitudes. As soon as one falls back on an acceptable definition or understanding, it disappears. It’s like water; the moment you try to grasp it, you lose it.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Everything was hysterically funny, even the playground slide was smiling at us, and at some point, deep in the night, when we were winging on the jungle gym and showers of sparks were flying out of our mouths, I had the epiphany that laughter was light, and light was laughter, and that this was the secret of the universe.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|When we lay the soil of our hard lives opened the rain of grace and let Joy permeate our cracked and dry places, let joy soak into our broken skin and deep crevices, life grows. How can this not be the best thing for the world? for us? The clouds open when we mouth thanks. p. 58
Ivanka Trump|Working with some of the best makeup artists has taught me a lot of amazing tricks to making me feel more confident, and I can't wait to share them with you guys.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Belladonna Bay|Indeed, the condition of human nature is just this; man towers above the rest of creation so long as he realizes his own nature, and when he forgets it, he sinks lower than the beasts. For other living things to be ignorant of themselves, is natural; but for man it is a defect.
George Whitefield|As someone who has researched and written about the Mexican cartels and the futile 'war on drugs' for coming on twenty years, I know how tough a subject it is. Mind-bending, soul-warping, heartbreaking, it challenges your intellect, your beliefs, your faith in humanity and God.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|What is he rudest question you can ask a woman? 'How old are you?' 'What do you weigh?' No, the worst question is 'How do you juggle it all?' people constantly ask me, with an accusatory look in their eyes. 'You're fucking it all up, aren't you?' their eyes say. My standard answer is that I have the same struggles as any working parent but with the good fortune of working my dream job.
Katerina Kostaki, Cosmic Light|and what happens around us ,simply happens because we haven't learned to love .Till this moment ,people would have to go through the same paths ,experience similar events ,blinded ,full of wrath,imprisoned and bounded by themselves.They will star at their fellows seeing what they are unable to see on themselves....Themselves!
Mary Wollstonecraft|Your grandparents came of age in the Great Depression, when everyday life was about deprivation and sacrifice, when the economic conditions of the time were so grave and so unrelenting it would have been easy enough for the American dream to fade away.
Renae A.Sauter|When you claim your amazing, limitless self you are simply owning the highest truth of who you are.
Meg Cabot, Princess in Love|Traumatized people chronically feel unsafe inside their bodies: The past is alive in the form of gnawing interior discomfort. Their bodies are constantly bombarded by visceral warning signs, and, in an attempt to control these processes, they often become expert at ignoring their gut feelings and in numbing awareness of what is played out inside. They learn to hide from their selves.” (p.97)
Risa Lavizzo-Mourey|A greater focus on design in all new homes would make the best use of land, create homes and public spaces, and reinforce the structures of urban life.
Pete Hamill|Instead of getting hard ourselves and trying to compete, women should try and give their best qualities to men - bring them softness, teach them how to cry.
Jennifer Egan|When the clock stops on a life, all things emanating from it become precious, finite, and cordoned off for preservation. Each aspect of the dead person is removed from the flux of the everyday, which, of course, is where we miss him most. The quarantine around death makes it feel unlucky and wrong--a freakish incursion--and the dead, thus quarantined, come to seem more dead than they already are.... Borrowing from the dead is a way of keeping them engaged in life's daily transactions--in other words, alive.
Josh Stern|When it comes to relationships, I find it best to have two feet out the door
Valdek|But you've slipped under my skin, invaded my blood and seized my heart
Tyra Banks|No, I like to wear as least amount of makeup as I can during my everyday life because I'm just all about keeping my skin healthy and hydrated and I love to laugh and have a great time and smile - that's when I feel the most pretty so I just want to make sure that I stay happy.
Nora Roberts, Blood Brothers|Do dogs understand death? Do they have souls? Do they go to heaven? I have alway believed so, but this [event] confirmed that all of God's creatures , humans and animals, have a soul and that we will all be reunited in heaven. My pastor once told me, "If there are no dogs in heaven, I don't want to go." I agree.
Travis Fimmel|It may not always be profitable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofitable not to be online.
Stephanie Witter, Patch Up|Bitch, please,” Brady pursed his lips like a duck. “You know I’ll be the belle of the cell block with my creamy smooth skin and my tight little ass.
Jaeda DeWalt|Anyone can plot a course with a map or compass; but without a sense of who you are, you will never know if you're already home.
Sarvesh Jain, The Awakening Wisdom of Life: Probably the best Quotation Book in the world|Are you a kind of person who likes to keep all your emotions hidden from the people around you! Do you prefer restraining your feelings a little too much! In that case, you must know that too much emotional suppression can have catastrophic impact over your body.
Walter Rudolf Hess|Maybe that's what love is—sacrificing yourself to save another, taking the insult or taking the hit.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|This mundus tenebrosus, this shaddowy world of Mankind, is sunk into Night; there is not a Field without its Spirits, nor a City without its Daemons, and the Lunaticks speak Prophesies while the Wise men fall into the Pitte. We are all in the Dark, one with another. And, as the Inke stains the Paper on which it is spilt and slowly spreads to Blot out the Characters, so the Contagion of darkness and malefaction grows apace until all becomes unrecognizable. Thus it was with the Witches who were tryed by Swimming not long before, since once the Prosecution had commenced no Stop could be put to the raving Women who came forward: the number of Afflicted and Accused began to encrease and, upon Examination, more confess'd themselves guilty of Crimes than were suspected of. And so it went, till the Evil revealed was so great that it threatened to bring all into Confusion.And yet in the way of that Philosophie much cryed up in London and elsewhere, there are those like Sir Chris. who speak only of what is Rational and what is Demonstrated, of Propriety and Plainness. Religion Not Mysterious is their Motto, but if they would wish the Godhead to be Reasonable why was it that when Adam heard that Voice in the Garden he was afraid unto Death? The Mysteries must become easy and familiar, it is said, and it has now reached such a Pitch that there are those who wish to bring their mathematicall Calculations into Morality, viz. the Quantity of Publick Good produced by any Agent is a compound Ratio of his Benevolence and Abilities, and such like Excrement. They build Edifices which they call Systems by laying their Foundacions in the Air and, when they think they are come to sollid Ground, the Building disappears and the Architects tumble down from the Clowds. Men that are fixed upon matter, experiment, secondary causes and the like have forgot there is such a thing in the World which they cannot see nor touch nor measure: it is the Praecipice into which they will surely fall.
Diana Wynne Jones, Hexwood|I discovered very quickly that criticism is a form of optimism, and that when you are silent about the shortcomings of your society, you're very pessimistic about that society. And it's only when you speak truthfully about it that you show your faith in that society.
H.W. Brands, The First American: The Life and Times of Benjamin Franklin|Ben Franklin advises his grandson not to let even the American Revolution interrupt his studies, urging of young adulthood, "This is the time of life in which you are to lay the foundations of your future improvement and of your importance among men. If this season is neglected, it will be like cutting off the spring from the year.
George Grossmith, The Diary of a Nobody|The grey of a bitter, starved-looking morning. The town like a mortally wounded creature, torn by shells, gashed open by bombs. Dead streets - streets of death - death in streets and their houses; yet people still able to sleep and still sleeping.
Joshua Oppenheimer|We no longer sing and dance. We don't know how to. Instead, we watch other people sing and dance on the television screen. Christmas, which was once a festival of active enjoyment, has turned into a binge of purely passive pleasures.
Voltaire, Candide|I meant to write about death, only life came breaking in as usual
Vironika Tugaleva|Culture is like a giant mirror which enables us to see who we are more clearly. The various facets of a culture also provide us with the means to change what we do not like in the mirror, and retain what we cherish most.
Robin McKinley, The Blue Sword|The true free-will ain't a matter of choosing one of many choices...but of creating variety of options, then deciding the best choice of all.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The early bird gets the first worm, but the wisest bird gets the fastest one.
Roger Ebert|I love devastating movies, documentaries and hummingbirds (yes, in that order).
Colleen Hoover, November 9|I embraced her and she did not object at all. She let herself be kissed and kissed back, but coolly, without conviction, absently, as if she were smoking a cigarette.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Power|Sirens blasted, breaking the silence and spinning me around. The shrill sound was all too familiar, and I snapped into action. Vicious excitement replaced the restlessness, and I knew just how screwed up that was, but right then? Oh yeah, I could use a fight. Yesterday in the quad had been child’s play.Grabbing the Glock loaded with titanium bullets, I hooked it into the holster and fit it around my thigh. I snatched the daggers off the dresser and headed out the door, not even bothering with grabbing a shirt.I came to a complete stop as Josie’s door swung open.What in the holy fuck were Alex and Josie doing together? For just a few seconds, the three of us were literally frozen, staring at each other as the sirens blared overhead.And then Alex broke the silence.“Really?” she said dryly, eyeing me with a smirk. “You’re going to fight with the awesomeness of your six-pack as a weapon?”I arched a brow. “Yeah, you know, I was going to test out the whole abs of steel theory thing. The gun attached to my thigh and the daggers in my hands are just props. Mainly for show. Don’t want to take away from the gloriousness that is my body, though.”Her smirk flipped into a grin. “Whatever.” She started forward. Up ahead, a tall figure stepped out in the hall, and light glinted off the titanium daggers in his hands. Aiden. Of course their room had to be close to mine.Of. Course.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The words. Why did they have to exist? Without them, there wouldn't be any of this.
Vikrmn, 10 Alone|The most colorful thing in the world is black and white, it contains all colors and at the same time excludes all.
Jimmy Carter|I started to make a study of the art of war and revolution and, whilst abroad, underwent a course in military training. If there was to be guerrilla warfare, I wanted to be able to stand and fight with my people and to share the hazards of war with them.
Edward Hopper|If you could say it in words, there would be no reason to paint.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Purple Hibiscus|The educated ones leave, the ones with the potential to right the wrongs. They leave the weak behind. The tyrants continue to reign because the weak cannot resist. Do you not see that it is a cycle? Who will break that cycle?
Josephine Akhagbeme|FIGHT FOR FREEDOMWe must fight for the true freedom the founders of this great nation fought for.And our sons and daughters spilled their blood for.We must fight for our next generation - our children.We must fight for our values.We must fight to preserve our way of life that has taken over two hundred years to establish.We must fight against the external forces that vowed in their dark minds, to exterminate our foundation to extinction.The American Constitution has endured for generations, and I echo the same sentiment of Patrick Henry “Give me liberty or give me death”.Give us the same freedom our founding fathers established generations past.We as a people have to take back what our enemies are trying to steal from us.This fight has to be on our knees in prayer.This is our Country!This is our future!This is our freedom!God bless America!©joaministries All rights reserved.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|With the Book hitching rides, hiding on people, guess we’re all going to be dressing like skanks for a while, huh? Skintight or skin. Dude, everybody’s everything’s gonna be hanging out, and some o’ those fat chicks at the abbey are gonna gross my eyeballs right outta my head. Muffin tops and camel toes, gah!
Angela Khristin Brown|The Truth Is That I Was Recognized For Stubbornness And Not Goodness. Even, Though I Was Very Intelligent And Sent To School By A Little Few Supports From Sponsors And My Mother. My Brain Was Never Ever Cool. Due To All The Mistakes I Saw From A Very Tender Age From All Those Whom I Looked Upon As Elders And Shinning Examples. Although They Where Some Good Examples Which Still Live On. Still The Early Damaged As Already Been Done. So It Led Me Dropping Out Of School In To Working And Using The Great Ancient Vedic Philosophies I Have Been Hearing From The Very Beginning Of My Conception In My Mother Womb Till The Day I Was Born And Forever. I Used Them All To Materialize Many Of My Dreams And Practice Mysticism Coupled With Spiritualism To Keep My Self Secured And Keep Cool Depending On God.
Courtney Milan, The Heiress Effect|Forget Batman: when I really thought about what I wanted to be when I grew up, I wanted to be my dad.
Imania Margria|Secrets are a part of life. Their mysteries make our world beautiful. Their depths inspire our hearts, intrigue our minds, and embrace our very souls.
Bryan Way, Life After: The Void|Lies aren't true, so why would anyone tell them?
T.S. Eliot|Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.
Juliet Marillier, Heir to Sevenwaters|His touch was like a bard's on his instrument, and it awakened a deep and mysterious music in my body.
Robin Benway, Emmy & Oliver|Smitt walked up next to James and watched the planet slowly grow larger. "They say the water used to be so blue you could see it from space.
Jenni Schaefer, Life Without Ed: How One Woman Declared Independence from Her Eating Disorder and How You Can Too|We can change the world one thought at a time, one child at a time, one family at a time, one community at a time, one city, one state and one country at a time.
Anthony Liccione|They say blood is thicker than water, but I say ice, can be more solid than blood, when times get cold.
Justin W.M. Roberts, The Policewoman|I've known him since dirt was new, Papaw laughed. We go way back...Dawg Papaw, that's a long time! Mark exclaimed.
Paul Stamets|Death is always around the corner, but often our society gives it inordinate help.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I don’t want to believe in boxes or one-way relationships; I’m naïve, you see. I’d rather moon the moon than flip off a friend, but sometimes I flip so I don’t get flipped. And I still think I’m misunderstanding the Golden Rule.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|As in all such technological nightmares, the principal task is to foresee what is possible; to educate use and misuse; and to prevent its organizational, bureaucratic and governmental abuse.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|What do you know? This is where it all began,” he said.“Began?”“This is exactly where I was when I wanted to kiss you,” he whispered, his lips brushing along my neck causing me to melt under his touch. “So bad.”“Except this time there’s no drunk netballer squawking at us,” I teased.“I wouldn’t care if the seven horseman of the Apocalypse charged through the garden right now, nothing’s gonna stop me from doing this.” He leaned down and captured my lips with tenderness, a completely perfect kiss, like it always was.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|Real sex is as much about reciprocity as it is exploration and if you need a reason to resent a man later on, just consider the guy who doesn’t believe in cunnilingus...
Albert Camus|There's room for the Gap, but the joy of dressing is an art.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|You stole a boat,” she snapped. “What am I doing with you, you boat-stealing lunatic?
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|Presumably, the bells of the Church of the Ascension had been reclaimed by the Bolsheviks for the manufacture of artillery, thus returning them to the realm from whence they came. Though for all the Count knew, the cannons that had been salvaged from Napoleon's retreat to make the Ascension's bells had been forged by the French from the bells at La Rochelle; which in turn had been forged from British blunderbusses seized in the Thirty Years War. From bells to cannons and back again, from now until the end of time.
J. Kyle McNeal, Birthrights|Learn when to talk and when to listen. If you're unsure, listen.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|He wins his battles by making no mistakes.Making no mistakes is what establishes the certainty of victory, for it means conquering an enemy that is already defeated.
Jill Shalvis, Slow Heat|Tag opened the door to his knock, and with a look of disappointment, peered behind Wade."You got someone better coming over?" Wade asked him."Pizza," Tag said.
Robin Hobb, Blood of Dragons|I’ve had librarians say to me, “People in my school don’t agree with homosexuality, so it’s difficult to have your book on the shelves.” Here’s the thing: Being gay is not an issue, it is an identity. It is not something that you can agree or disagree with. It is a fact, and must be defended and represented as a fact.To use another part of my identity as an example: if someone said to me, “I’m sorry, but we can’t carry that book because it’s so Jewish and some people in my school don’t agree with Jewish culture,” I would protest until I reached my last gasp. Prohibiting gay books is just as abhorrent…Discrimination is not a legitimate point of view. Silencing books silences the readers who need them most. And silencing these readers can have dire, tragic consequences. Never forget who these readers are. They are just as curious and anxious about life as any other teenager.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Return of Sherlock Holmes|It is a pity he did not write in pencil. As you have no doubt frequently observed, the impression usually goes through -- a fact which has dissolved many a happy marriage.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|And I saw you and I thought, she'd be a cosy fit inside my arm.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Nothing can replace a daily time spent alone with God in prayer. We can also be in an attitude of prayer throughout the day—sitting in a car or at our desks, working in the kitchen, even talking with someone on the phone.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Boomer had asked her once, in a telephone call from Virginia, “Why does this stuff, these hand-painted hallucinations that don’t do nothin’ but confuse the puddin’ out of a perfectly reasonable wall, why does it mean so much to you?” It was a poor connection, but he could have sworn he heard her say, “In the haunted house of life, art is the only stair that doesn’t creak.
Ian Fleming|If men are honest, everything they do and everywhere they go is for a chance to see women.
Jordan Silver, Broken|She was sweet, genuine, sexy as fuck, and broken. That was the one thing he kept coming back to. Even as she tried to put on a brave front, he could see that she was still suffering. He wasn’t sure if his natural brand of fuck ‘em and bounce was gonna be any help to her, but he knew he didn’t like the raw deal she’d gotten. If he could bring her out of that shell just a little, give her some of her own back well then.
Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi|I never knew how much I missed pickles and pickle juice. It's like, an overwhelming feeling that I can't even explain.
Dean Karnazes|All I watch is the Food Network. I took a cheesemaking class a few weeks ago, and I told my family and friends to only get me kitchen stuff on my birthday. I'm into every kind of cookbook and anything by Anthony Bourdain. I'd love to own a restaurant if I could find the right chef.
Jon Ronson|In the gray world above, I hear myself howling with laughter. Far below me, in the psychic abyss that is part of the Darkness, I hear another howling, one full of joy and pain, rage and celebration.Not just another witch is coming, my foolish Sisters, but Witch.
Bernard Werber, Empire of the Ants|Memories of the past year came tumbling down on me. The recent changes and reverses were almost overwhelming. I was learning that life flowed like a river. When the run-off was normal, the water ran smoothly. But if there came a downpour, it gushed. In the likeness to a flooding river, life events were caught up in the course of the devouring stream.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative. Have faith in yourself. Have faith in the human first, then God if you want.
Erich Fromm|Just as modern mass production requires the standardization of commodities, so the social process requires standardization of man, and this standardization is called equality. 
Santosh Kalwar, Nature God|Nothing is build, just like that, everything around the world has some value and the purpose.
John A. Ashley|Everyone says that you should live like there is no tomorrow, but I think it’s even more important to live like there is no yesterday. Your future means so much more than your past.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest|Animals and nature are known to open our hearts, calm us, and reduce blood pressure and stress.
Steve Irwin|Nana...how come being happy and making your dreams come true are two different things? Even now, I still don't know why...
Simone Elkeles, Chain Reaction|Alex and Carlos—the tag team from hell. They’re the last people I need shit from right now. If they decide to trail me, too, I’ll have an entire entourage.“I’m fine.”“Then sit up and talk to us.”“Okay, in that case I’m not fine. Go away.” I moan. “Unless you want me to puke all over you.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Let no one misunderstand our idea; we do not confound what are called 'political opinions' with that grand aspiration after progress with that sublime patriotic, democratic, and human faith, which, in our days, should be the very foundation of all generous intelligence.
Malcolm X|There are many lay people and scholars alike, both with and without the Muslim community, who feel that the pure orthodox Islam of the fundamentalists could never survive outside the context of its seventh-century Arabian origins. Apply twenty-first-century science, logic, or humanistic reasoning to it and it falls apart.They believe this is why Islam has always relied so heavily on the threat of death. Question Islam, malign Islam, or leave Islam and you will be killed. It is a totalitarian modus operandi that silences all dissent and examination, thereby protecting the faith from ever having to defend itself.
Panait Istrati|Now we will live!” This is what the hungry little boy liked to say, as he toddled along the quiet roadside, or through the empty fields. But the food that he saw was only in his imagination. The wheat had all been taken away, in a heartless campaign of requisitions that began Europe’s era of mass killing. It was 1933, and Joseph Stalin was deliberately starving Soviet Ukraine. The little boy died, as did more than three million other people. “I will meet her,” said a young Soviet man of his wife, “under the ground.” He was right; he was shot after she was, and they were buried among the seven hundred thousand victims of Stalin’s Great Terror of 1937 and 1938. “They asked for my wedding ring, which I….” The Polish officer broke off his diary just before he was executed by the Soviet secret police in 1940. He was one of about two hundred thousand Polish citizens shot by the Soviets or the Germans at the beginning of the Second World War, while Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union jointly occupied his country. Late in 1941, an eleven-year-old Russian girl in Leningrad finished her own humble diary: “Only Tania is left.” Adolf Hitler had betrayed Stalin, her city was under siege by the Germans, and her family were among the four million Soviet citizens the Germans starved to death. The following summer, a twelve-year-old Jewish girl in Belarus wrote a last letter to her father: “I am saying good-bye to you before I die. I am so afraid of this death because they throw small children into the mass graves alive.” She was among the more than five million Jews gassed or shot by the Germans.
Jo Baker, Longbourn|Words had become overnight just little coins, insignificant and unfreighted, to be exchanged for ribbons, buttons, for an apple or an egg.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|We perhaps know more than we care to admit, keeping it down in the dark places of our memory-disavowed. When we eat factory-farmed meat we live, literally, on tortured flesh. Increasingly, that tortured flesh is becoming our own.
Audrey Hepburn|What is needed, rather than running away or controlling or suppressing or any other resistance, is understanding fear; that means, watch it, learn about it, come directly into contact with it. We are to learn about fear, not how to escape from it.
Tariq Ramadan|The more you look into and understand yourself, the less judgmental you become towards others.
Sara Dormon, If You're a Christian and Everyone Likes You... Something's Wrong|Perhaps too, it is innocence that allows the young to hear Aviad more clearly when he calls, and encourages their hearts to follow Him, even when they do not recognize His voice for what it is.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|I’m not the smartest guy in the world, but I’m certainly not the dumbest. I mean, I’ve read books like "The Unbearable Lightness of Being" and "Love in the Time of Cholera", and I think I’ve understood them. They’re about girls, right? Just kidding. But I have to say my all-time favorite book is Johnny Cash’s autobiography "Cash" by Johnny Cash.
Wordions|You must be able to say "I understand," before you can say "I agree," or "I disagree," or "I suspend judgment.
Alec Guinness, Blessings in Disguise|Because it was natural, could he not see that it was marvelous? Poor creature!
Alan Bradley, A Red Herring Without Mustard|Prepare to evacuate soul in ten, in nine, eight.Chloe's splashing through the ankle-deep back-up of renal fluid from her failed kidneys.Death will commence in five.Five, four.Around her, a parasitic life spray paints her heart.Four, three.Three, two.Chloe climbs hand-over-hand up the curled lining of her own throat.Death to commence in three, two.Moonlight shines in through the open mout...h.Prepare for the last breath, now.Evacuate.Now.Soul clear of body.Death commences.Now.
Mizuki Nomura, Book Girl and the Suicidal Mime|Yes. We will live the rest of our lives in hell. It's not so bad: as long as you're prepared for it, you can live anywhere.
Ian McEwan|I'm sorry to disappoint you, but my experience belongs to me, not the collective bloody unconscious.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|I took the sleeper out of Glasgow, and as the smelly old train bumped out of Central Station and across the Jamaica Street Bridge, I stared out at the orange halogen streetlamps reflected in the black water of the river Clyde. I gazed at the crumbling Victorian buildings that would soon be sandblasted and renovated into yuppie hutches. I watched the revelers and rascals traverse the shiny wet streets. I thought of the thrill and danger of my youth and the fear and frustration of my adult life thus far. I thought of the failure of my marriage and my failures as a man. I saw all this through my reflection in the nighttime window. Down the tracks I went, hardly aware that I was going further south with every passing second.
Steven Singh Babbar|Dont regret that it just got over, but instead Move on for More!
Al Bernstein|When asked how long I've worked here  I replied  "since the day they threatened to fire me."
S.C. Parris, The Immortal's Guide|Because, my dear Eric, I have tasted the secret knowledge. I know how much to say and when to pull back. I know what to see and not see. And now that I have become whole again, I can never go back. All these things he has given me. Better than my supposed mother and father ever could. For that, I owe him my life and allegiance.
Felipe VI of Spain|When people endure a traumatic event, they are either defeated or made stronger. On Sept. 11, I told New Yorkers, 'I want you to emerge stronger from this.' My words were partially a hope and partially an observation that people in New York City handle big things better than little things. I could not be more proud of the way my city responded.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a courtroom, be he any color of the rainbow, but people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box. As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash.
Ryan Lilly|Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.
Edward Vilga, Downward Dog|By becoming clearly contemplative in a matter of weeks, my prayer had been given a particular and novel cast; and this was matched by the distinctness in the reprecussions my daily sessions of exercises were having on my everyday life, as well as on the many different occupations which a monk is vowed to carry out. The genuine sense of euphoria that followed the exercises persisted in me and transfigured my day. During the early months I had to face up to the sort of difficulties which put one's nerves to the test, and which would certainly have put me on my back before. As it was, everything went off so smoothly and I took it all so well that I trained everyone under my charge to develop the attitude of 'accepting rather than undergoing.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|Either a species learns to control its own population, or something like disease, famine, war, will take care of the issue.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|High magic requires a great clarity of thought, you see, and women's talents do not lie in that direction. Their brains tend to overheat.
Deyth Banger|How could I wish for it for so long, only to come back and find it gone. To be here, in my technical house, and discover that home is now someplace different.
Debasish Mridha|When you love someone who hates you, that is the practice of divine love.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|There is a point when grief exceeds the human capacity to emote, and as a result one is strangely composed-
Wendy Goerl|Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. --Benjamin Franklin, Historical Review of Pennsylvania, 1759
Libba Bray, Lair of Dreams|I love you."He breaks.His voice. His back. His knees. His face. He breaks. He has to hold on to the side of his desk. He can't meet my eyes. "I love you," he says, his words harsh and soft all at once. "I love you and it isn't enough. I thought it would be enough and I was wrong. I thought I could fight for you and I was wrong. Because I can't. I can't even face you anymore--
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Only a rebuke that 'has something in it' will sting, will have the power to stir our feelings, not the other sort, as we know.
David Brin, Startide Rising|Oh, I’m sorry. Did you want a fan club? You are right. I loved the movie, and you were perfect in it, you were absolutely amazing. Definitely Oscar material.
Zakiyya Rosebelle, The Happy Rosy Day Book, Happiness Blossoms: A Keepsake Gratitude Journal|The older I get, the more I seem to be able to appreciate my "neighbor" (whomever I happen to be with at the moment). Oh, sure, I've always tried to love my neighbor as myself; however, the more experiences I've had, the more chances I've had to see the uniqueness of each person... as well as each tree, and plant, and shell, and cloud... the more I find myself delighting every day in the lavish gifts of God, whom I've come to believe is the greatest appreciator of all.
Melissa Lee-Houghton, A Body Made of You|I do not write to you, but of you,/because the paper that we write on/is our perishable skin.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|Your stepfather? I'd like to meet him."Oh no... why?"I'm not sure that's a good idea."Christian unlocks the door, his mouth in a grim line."Are you ashamed of me?""No!" It's my turn to sound exasperated. "Introduce you to my dad as what? 'This is the man who deflowered me and wants to start a BDSM relationship'. You're not wearing running shoes.
W. E. B. Du Bois|Every single substitute teacher growing up could not pronounce my name, so whenever someone pauses, I'm like, 'Oh, that's me.'
Anonymous|The reality is that its in our best interest to make a choice out of the lots or two. Good or bad, but still a decision must be made in order to move on. Its a waste of time to be between two opinions.Good thing is you can always repent or change your mind if you find out you made the wrong choice but if you linger ....oh dear
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We derive insightful perception by observing and studying, comparing and contrasting. Without investigating why we prefer the veil of life to the cloak of death and without considering how to create dangerously, live honorably, and die gloriously without remorse and regret, we risk dissipating what precious little shelf life our brittle humanity grants us.
Marya Mannes|I am not like a pebble on the beach - a grain of sand on the seashore or just one of millions of human beings past, present and future. No, I am a unique human being loved by God as if I were an only child - the only fruit of his creative powers.
Rashid Jorvee|Keep your expectation with God only, not with Human.
Charli XCX|As a child, I had a teacher who told me, 'Look, Anne, one person can't make a difference.'
Louis Sachar|Am I cured?” “No. You’re someone who is different, but who wants to be the same as everyone else. And that, in my view, is a serious illness.” “Is wanting to be different a serious illness?” “It is if you force yourself to be the same as everyone else. It causes neuroses, psychoses, and paranoia. It’s a distortion of nature, it goes against God’s laws, for in all the world’s woods and forests, he did not create a single leaf the same as another. But you think it’s insane to be different, and that’s why you chose to live in Villete, because everyone is different here, and so you appear to be the same as everyone else. Do you understand?” Mari nodded. “People go against nature because they lack the courage to be different, and then the organism starts to produce Vitriol, or bitterness, as this poison is more commonly known.
Michael   Lewis|When you are a pessimist and the bad thing happens, you live it twice,' Amos liked to say. 'Once when you worry about it, and the second time when it happens.
Adam Kirk Smith|Entitlement is such a cancer, because it is void of gratitude.
Adam McHugh|The weakness was the first feature, the other what will do if I was this character? One of the best questions ever I have asked, it's one great from it comes another and another...
Washington Irving, Life Of George Washington|America is a land of wonders, in which everything is in constant motion and every change seems an improvement.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|For the health of my mind, body, and spirit, I choose to walk with:Gratitude not Envy;Faith not Worry;Confidence not Fear;Kindness not Anger.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|Pudge/Colonel: "I am sorry that I have not talked to you before. I am not staying for graduation. I leave for Japan tomorrow morning. For a long time, I was mad at you. The way you cut me out of everything hurt me, and so I kept what I knew to myself. But then even after I wasn't mad anymore, I still didn't say anything, and I don't even really know why. Pudge had that kiss, I guess. And I had this secret. You've mostly figured this out, but the truth is that I saw her that night, I'd stayed up late with Lara and some people, and then I was falling asleep and I heard her crying outside my back window. It was like 3:15 that morning, maybe, amd I walked out there and saw her walking through the soccer field. I tried to talk to her, but she was in a hurry. She told me that her mother was dead eight years that day, and that she always put flowers on her mother's grave on the anniversary but she forgot that year. She was out there looking for flowers, but it was too early-too wintry. That's how I knew about January 10. I still have no idea whether it was suicide. She was so sad, and I didn't know what to say or do. I think she counted on me to be the one person who would always say and do the right things to help her, but I couldn"t. I just thought she was looking for flowers. I didn't know she was going to go. She was drunk just trashed drunk, and I really didn't think she would drive or anything. I thought she would just cry herself to sleep and then drive to visit her mom the next day or something. She walked away, and then I heard a car start. I don't know what I was thinking. So I let her go too. And I'm sorry. I know you loved her. It was hard not to." Takumi
Tariq Ramadan|We tend to view ourselves as this, lying in contradiction with everything that is not ourselves, that.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|People are not dying of lack of money but of lack of esteem and awareness. ("Kein Schwein ruft mich an")
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|Miracle is going to WORK with you ,only if you are going to do same with Miracle..!!
Harper Lee|I wished for nothing beyond her smile, and to walk with her thus, hand in hand, along a sun warmed, flower bordered path.
Eve Plumb|At no time in history have we succeeded in making, in a timely fashion, a specific vaccine for more than 260 million people.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|I shook again, tasted plum, and suddenly the words were pouring out of me."She said I sang before I spoke. She said when I was just a baby she had the habit of humming when she held me. Nothing like a song. Just a descending third. Just a soothing sound. Then one day she was walking me around the camp, and she heard me echo it back to her. Two octaves higher. A tiny piping third. She said it was my first song. We sang it back and forth to each other. For years."I choked and clenched my teeth."You can say it,"Auri said softly."It's okay if you say it.""I'm never going to see her again,"I choked out. Then I began to cry in earnest."It's okay,"Auri said softly."I'm here. You're safe.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The greatest joys in life are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in our quiet hopes and labors for others.
Kathy Hepinstall|It seemed incredible that this day, a day without warnings or omens, might be that of my implacable death.
Debasish Mridha|Come, let us build bridges of love with each other with the cement of kindness and pillars of trust.
Ari Berk & Carolyn Dunn|Writing on role of victim, how we chose to be one in life , why we do it and how we can be free of that.Victim is a role we take very early in our life for many reasons. Like to protect ourselves, to be visible, to be listened, by fear, for approval and many others.It's the armour we create around us because we do not have any choices other then this. Slowly it become in our subconscious nature. We attract people in our life who are victimiser and we become victim again.We are used by them, we feel weak and overpowered by them.How do we know that we are in this role?It's very important for us to know that we are victim and its not doing good or serving us anymore. When we are victim we feel helpless, no power within, we physically too are unhealthy and our grounding is not stable.Find hard to make decision about anything, some of us find comfort in when other shows sympathy or pity towards us.We clearly need to know and accept that we have armour this role so far because there was no option or alternatives for us.Then slowly we can start choosing things, people which can bring us in our own body where we can tap that hidden power in us.Ask for help, engage in activity which will help you to break free of this mindset. We need to change our own energy frequency to attract people who are warrior, who are courageous and brave. Who can show us what does it feel to have courage and power within.Mantra isI do not need you my dear armour any more. Thank you for looking after me so long but now I am strong, confident and courageous to break free of this. I do not accept the role of Victim any more.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|In spite of the horror, in spite of the tragedy, in spite of the weeks of sleepless nights, I'm finally alive. I'm not pretending. I feel real. I'm not playing charades anymore. I wouldn't go back to the way I was for anything. I'm really like a different person. I'm where I am, and I'm making the most of it. I know I'm courageous now. I found out I had it in me to face this. — Barbara
C.D. Reiss, Resist|I urge you all today, especially today during these times of chaos and war, to love yourself without reservations and to love each other without restraint. Unless you're into leather.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|It’s not a lie,” Shallan said, “if everyone understands and knows what it means.”“Mm. Those are some of the best lies.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Aura," he whispered, "I wish I could wipe away just one of your tears. Then I'dfeel like a person again. Like I'm something more than a bunch of light.
Richard Preston|Having recorded his first album, 'Tapestry,' in 1969, in Berkeley, California, during the student riots, McLean, a native New Yorker, became a kind of weather vane for what he called the 'generation lost in space.'
Jim Costa|This business is always changing. If you're going to be a leader, you've got to take chances.
William Styron, Set This House On Fire|What this country needs... what this great land of ours needs is something to happen to it. Something ferocious and tragic, like what happened to Jericho or the cities of the plain - something terrible I mean, son, so that when the people have been through hellfire and the crucible, and have suffered agony enough and grief, they’ll be people again, human beings, not a bunch of smug contented cows rooting at the trough.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|But we have to learn to be free. We have to, Nell. Doesn't mean happy all the time, or okay all the time. It’s okay not to be okay. I told you that, but I'm relearning it myself. But not being okay doesn't mean you stop living.
Sophie Hannah|The romantic idea is that everybody around a writer must suffer for his talent. I think a writer is a citizen of humanity, part of his nation, part of his family. He may have to make some compromises.
Chani Lynn Feener, Unhinged|And, as the storm of water thrashed the very pinnacles that toppled into mist, he had seen the ribs of cliff laid bare and bleeding—as it were the laceration of a living land that he looked on. Then, ‘Corne et tonnerre!’ he had seemed to cry to himself, ‘the very world is torn by some inhuman power, and flows to the sea in rivers of purple!’ and he heard the bells of the ocean receding innumerably, choke at their moorings, muffled and congested with the floating scum of carnage that no wind might ruffle and only God’s fire cleanse.Now, in a moment, he saw that what he had taken for land was in truth a great cliff built up of human bodies—a vast reserve of human force accumulated by, and for the use of, a single dominant will. And this cliff was washed by the waves of an ocean of blood, to which its life contributed in a thousand spouting rivulets. And it was compact of limitless pain; and the cry of torture never ceased within it. And suddenly the dreamer—as in the way of dreams—felt himself to be a constituent agony of that he gazed upon—a pulp of suffering self-contained, yet partaking of the wretchedness of all.
Renita D'Silva, Monsoon Memories|But he’s an untouchable, Shirin.’ ‘He’s my Untouchable Prince Charming, then. Only I am allowed to touch him.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Probably she was right 'i love her, I'm honest with my feelings' these are my problems not her.' Xavier left this note on the napkin with a pen he was offered to comment in suggestion book at Gloria Jeans.
M. Basilea Schlink|If we are discouraged because we lack repentance and excuse ourselves by saying that it does not lie in our power to obtain a contrite heart, because repentance can only be granted as a miracle of the Holy Spirit, it is a sign that our thinking has been clouded by the Enemy.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Falling in love, although it resulted in altered body chemistry and was therefore real, was a hormonally induced delusional state, according to him. In addition it was humiliating, because it put you at a disadvantage, it gave the love object too much power. As for sex per se, it lacked both challenge and novelty, and was on the whole a deeply imperfect solution to the problem of intergenerational genetic transfer.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Jaxton met his gaze for just a second, then scowled and turned away.The recognition in that look was painful; years of recollections and long forgottenemotions buzzed through his brain. Ashamed of the flare of attraction he'd just allowedhimself, he turned away and faked a smile.
Fionnula Flanagan|I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.
Stanley Hauerwas, Hannah's Child: A Theologian's Memoir|All discourses and disciplines proceed from commitments and beliefs that are ultimately religious in nature. No scientific discourse (whether natural science or social science) simply discloses to us the facts of reality to which theology must submit; rather, every discourse is, in some sense, religious. The playing field has been leveled. Theology is most persistently postmodern when it rejects a lingering correlational false humility and instead speaks unapologetically from the the primacy of Christian revelation and the church's confessional language.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Nereus spun and expanded, turning into a killer whale, but I grabbed his dorsal fin as he burst out of the water.A whole bunch of tourists went, "
Scott Stabile|I can think of no greater way to live my life than with as much love as I can give, as often as I can give it.
Susan Shapiro Barash, Tripping the Prom Queen: The Truth About Women and Rivalry|Every time we cheer the downfall of a powerful woman, we're giving ourselves the message that power is bad and we shouldn't desire it. Every time we revel in a beautiful woman's aging or weight gain, we reinforce the idea that we, too, are less valuable if we are old or overweight. Every time we gloat over a woman's loss of a husband to a younger, prettier rival, we are reminding ourselves that our own relationship is unstable, that someday our man, too, will move on to greener pastures.
A.S.A. Harrison, The Silent Wife|The years of his life had not been gentle, and there was something untamable about him; his eyes seemed to say everything and nothing at all, almost as if they spoke a dying language few could appreciate or even understand.
Elle James, Justice Burning|Sudden, hell. I've been hard for two months.
Debasish Mridha|Follow reason but don’t ignore that gut feeling. We create reasons with our limited knowledge and experience, but gut feelings often come from universal knowledge.
Cecily von Ziegesar, Don't You Forget About Me|Open the fridge and putMy heart on a plate.I'm just as you leftme, and I taste even betterleftover.
Paul Strand|The artist's world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep. 
Edward Hirsch|The terms of poetry - some simple, some complicated, some ancient, some new - should bring us closer to what we're hearing, enlarging our experience of it, enabling us to describe what we're reading, to feel and think with greater precision.
Richard H. Schmidt, Glorious Companions: Five Centuries of Anglican Spirituality|According to Benedict's scheme, the community reads through... the entire book of Psalms every week. The monks are therefore exposed... to all the despairing, doubtful, bitter, vindictive, jingoistic, nationalistic, and seemingly racist passages in the Psalter. It is not that every sentiment expressed by a psalmist is admirable, but that in praying the Psalms, we confront ourselves as we really are. The Psalms are a reality check to keep prayer from becoming sentimental, superficial, or detached from the real world.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|Some days, Will wished he could’ve been like Mikey. Living it up, having fun, embracing the moment. But Will had never been the kind who could keep his heart out of it.
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 1: Back on the Street|Yeah, trust the fuckhead.
Quetzal|As a clinical psychologist, I am regularly confronted with the brutal truth that we are all lie.
Dacia Wilkinson|It [speaking with words that bring about harmony] consists of speaking of what is good about people, instead of what is wrong with them. For some people this is an almost impossible exercise, for they have become totally habituated to speaking critically. We all seem to have a special talent for finding critical things to say about the world, about others, and about ourselves! (117)
Nancy Jo Sales|We need a data network that can easily carry voice, instead of what we have today, a voice network struggling to carry data.
Jaak Panksepp, The Archaeology of Mind: Neuroevolutionary Origins of Human Emotions|When scientific conversations cease, then dogma rather than knowledge begins to rule the day.
Ratish Edwards|Sometimes I think if I could do all the things that I stopped doing, meet all the friends that I left due to time, money and other unavoidable circumstances. Continue all my passions at least once. Then my life would be more justified than today. Then I could be finally at peace at the time I finally leave this world.
Rupert Murdoch|It was just like a dream. I could have ended up with an album that's not all that different from anything else coming out of Nashville. Mutt made the difference. He took these songs, my attitude, my creativity, and colored them in a way that is unique.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|Find out how Claude and Kelly end up from being Friends 2 Lovers as you follow them through their disappointing, confusing, loving, shocking,encouraging, and romantic moments. But can their bond last and withstand all the challenges that cross their way?
Albert Einstein|I've always been famous, it's just no one knew it yet.
Klaus Schwab|I can say with absolute certainty that I will run for one of two offices: my state Senate seat or for the governor. I'm still trying to decide, but I do think people are ready for a change from the partisan, very fractured leadership we have in Texas.
Mike Mentzer|It is only within the context of having properly developed your mind that you will be able to truly enjoy the achievement of your material values, including that of a more muscular body.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|In our time mass or collective production has entered our economics, our politics, even our religion, so that some nations have substituted the idea collective for the idea God. This in my time is the danger. There is great tension in the world, tension toward a breaking point, and men are unhappy and confused. At such a time it seems natural and good to me to ask myself these questions. What do I believe in? What must I fight for and what must I fight against?
Sunday Adelaja|When you come to God, the devil will remind you about the pleasures of sin
Gerald G. May, Living in Love|There is a desire within each of us,in the deep center of ourselves that we call our heart.We were born with it, it is never completely satisfied,and it never dies.We are often unaware of it, but it is always awake.It is the Human desire for Love.Every person in this Earth yearns to love,to be loved, to know love.Our true identity, our reason for beingis to be found in this desire.Love is the "why" of life,why we are functioning at all.I am convincedit is the fundamental energy of the human spirit.the fuel on which we run,the wellspring of our vitality.And grace, which is the flowing,creative activity, of love itself,is what makes all goodness possible.Love should come first,it should be the beginning of,and the reason for everything.
Alija Izetbegović|Islam's middle position can be recognized by the fact that Islam has always been attacked from the two opposite directions: from the side of religion, that is too natural, actual, and tuned to the world; and from the side of science that it contains religious and mystical elements. There is only one Islam, but like man, it has both soul and body.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The call to leadership excellence means you must now be awake to the reality that you are no longer your own, you are a blessing to society. In business, this will also mean value given to shareholders, customers, employees as well as society. This will take you, your family and your corporate base to appreciate that your leadership role and influence demands that they share you with other causes and stakeholders. As an effective person, you must be able to balance the demands on you and create the additional time that leadership at a higher level requires.
Munia Khan|A tree house, to me, is the most royal palace in the world
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|I reached for his other hand, which he quickly accepted and I pulled him up into a hug. I didn't know what the other kids in the room were thinking or saying or doing. And I didn't care. I had Jamie in my arms, and that was all the mattered.
Caroline Hanson, Love is Darkness|The stinging slap against her cheek whipped her head sideways. Her hand reflexively went to her burning face.	"I told you no," Tobe said, barely above a whisper.	Daphne had no words. He'd never so much as hinted at touching her in anger before. She now understood what stunned speechless meant.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Today, we have mercenaries in Africa, corporate armies from the western world, and unemployed men throughout the Middle East killing their own people - and people of other nations - for a paycheck. To act without a conscience, but for a paycheck, makes anyone a dangerous animal. The devil would be powerless if he couldn't entice people to do his work. So as long as money continues to seduce the hungry, the hopeless, the broken, the greedy, and the needy, there will always be war between brothers.
Allen West|Some people have a difficult time facing truth and reality. They prefer to live in a make-believe world, pretending that certain things aren't happening.
Josh Lanyon, Somebody Killed His Editor|You know that thing about Death Be Not Proud? Well, Fear Be Not Proud either. And Fear Be Not Elegant. What Fear be is stumbling, bumbling flight, crashing through brush, slip-sliding on pine needles, sloshing through puddles that are always deeper than you expect.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Determine when you are most effective and energized, then plan your tasks within that time.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems|It's true that: No pain, no gain. The harder one works, the better the results. I have worked very hard to have you and I promise to retain you forever.
Justus von Liebig, Familiar Letters on Chemistry|In the progressive growth of astronomy, physics or mechanical science was developed, and when this had been, to a certain degree, successfully cultivated, it gave birth to the science of chemistry.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Whores and writers, Mahound. We are the people you can't forgive.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|I don't trust people. The good part is, i don't really have to. I've surrendered my faith to the Higher power, and it's unconditional love for me. Who am i to question it's motives? Even if there are things i can't understand. This is why there's no need to trust people - if they are on my path, it means they are good for me.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|...I was a Champion living the Champion life where nothing was impossible and everything was an opportunity. With my ugly past behind me, I boldly stepped onto my new street and breathed in the fresh cool air.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Do not do what you cannot continue to deliver.For, remember, the world wants to see a continuity of delivery of set standards...!
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|The open forgiveness in her eyes, the uncensored love, terrified me.
Meg Wolfe, The Minimalist Woman's Guide to Having It All|When life is good do not take it for granted as it will pass. Be mindful, be compassionate and nurture the circumstances that find you in this good time so it will last longer. When life falls apart always remember that this too will pass. Life will have its unexpected turns.
Naguib Mahfouz|Have you ever heard a good joke? If you've ever heard someone just right, with the right pacing, then you're already on the way to poetry. It's about using words in very precise ways and using gesture.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|You never believed in the meaning of this world, and you therefore deduced the idea that everything was equivalent and that good and evil could be defined according to one's wishes. You supposed that in the absence of any human or divine code the only values were those of the animal world—in other words, violence and cunning. Hence you concluded that man was negligible and that his soul could be killed, that in the maddest of histories the only pursuit for the individual was the adventure of power and his own morality, the realism of conquests.
Emily Croy Barker, The Thinking Woman's Guide to Real Magic|We commonly speak as though a single 'thing' could 'have' some characteristic. A stone, we say, is 'hard,' 'small,' 'heavy,' 'yellow,' 'dense,' etc. That is how our language is made: 'The stone is hard.' And so on. And that way of talking is good enough for the marketplace: 'That is a new brand.' 'The potatoes are rotten.' 'The container is damaged.' ... And so on. But this way of talking is not good enough in science or epistemology. To think straight, it is advisable to expect all qualities and attributes, adjectives, and so on to refer to at least -two- sets of interactions in time. ...Language continually asserts by the syntax of subject and predicate that 'things' somehow 'have' qualities and attributes. A more precise way of talking would insist that the 'things' are produced, are seen as separate from other 'things,' and are made 'real' by their internal relations and by their behaviour in relationship with other things and with the speaker. It is necessary to be quite clear about the universal truth that whatever 'things' may be in their pleromatic and thingish world, they can only enter the world of communication and meaning by their names, their qualities and their attributes (i.e., by reports of their internal and external relations and interactions).
Antonin Scalia|To me, business isn't about wearing suits or pleasing stockholders. It's about being true to yourself, your ideas and focusing on the essentials.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, cannot be trusted to move at any recognized pace. Usually it loiters; but just when one has come to count upon its slowness, it may suddenly break into a wild irrational gallop.
Gillian Jacobs|I've got three sisters, five aunties, and my mom. It must have had an influence on me growing up.
Kenneth Joseph Arrow|In a wristwatch, imagine the battery is in the strap and there's a medical sensor in there connected to the internet. If someone is monitoring that, they could phone up if the user has forgotten to take some medication. This could save hundreds of dollars in medical fees later. What's missing? It's a stable battery.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The lack of knowledge on the part of followers perpetuates a culture of abuse by bad leadership. Every day, issues are being endorsed in the name of standing for the ignorant masses, only to benefit those who sponsor the agendas. Priorities are set and resources allocated, never to benefit or reach those cited as the underlying justification for sourcing the funds or setting the priorities.
Julie Kagawa|Having second thoughts?” Puck’s voice was soft and dangerous, a far cry from his normal flippancy. “I thought we put this behind us for now.”“Never,” I said, matching his stare. “I can’t ever take it back, Goodfellow. I’m still going to kill you. I swore to her I would.” Lighting flickered overhead, and thunder rumbled in the distance as we faced each other with narrowed eyes. “One day,” I said softly. “One day you’ll look up, and I’ll be there. That’s the only ending for us. Don’t ever forget.
P.L. Travers|I am anti-social and have a dark personality. I have no redeeming qualties and nothing to offer, therefore I could never have what I wanted
|It's hard to pay attention to those who don't believe in you, when you are busy attending to the daily demands of your goals.
Aldous Huxley|Your life is the sum result of all the choices you make, both consciously and unconsciously. If you can control the process of choosing, you can take control of all aspects of your life. You can find the freedom that comes from being in charge of yourself.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|The act of writing itself is much like the construction of a mirror made of words. Looking at certain illuminated corners of or cracks within the mirror, the author can see fragments of an objective reality that comprise the physical universe, social communities, political dynamics, and other facets of human existence. Looking in certain other corners of the same mirror, he or she may experience glimpses of a True Self sheltered deftly behind a mask of public proprieties.
Julie Kagawa|It would be dreadfullyironic, I mused, if once I earned a soul, I forgot everything about being fey, including all my memories of her. That sort of ending seemedappropriately tragic; the smitten fey creature becomes human but forgets why he wanted to in the first place. Old fairy tales loved that sort of irony.
Bill Watterson, There's Treasure Everywhere: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|Every human being is a world in miniature. It has its own centre of observation, its own way of forming concepts and of arriving at conclusions, its own degree of sensibility, its own life's work to do, and its own destiny to reach. All these features may be encompassed by general conditions, governed by general laws, and subject to unforeseen influences and incidents, but within the sphere of their own activity, they constitute that great principle which we call individuality.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|There is no doubt that the United States has much to atone for, both domestically and abroad...To produce this horrible confection at home, start with our genocidal treatment of the Native Americans, add a couple hundred years of slavery, along with our denial of entry to Jewish refugees fleeing the death camps of the Third Reich, stir in our collusion with a long list of modern despots and our subsequent disregard for their appalling human rights records, add our bombing of Cambodia and the Pentagon Papers to taste, and then top with our recent refusals to sign the Kyoto protocol for greenhouse emissions, to support any ban on land mines, and to submit ourselves to the rulings of the International Criminal Court. The result should smell of death, hypocrisy, and fresh brimstone.
Fred Saberhagen|He unfolded his arms and moved to the side. I was fine with that. Again with the glowering, though. Seen that, done it myself. So last year.
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|Gavin scratched his head, idly wondering what his father would tell him right about then. Probably steal the slave and run. Father's solution was always to steal and run. But he had a job to finish.	"All right," he said finally, "here's what we'll do. We'll pretend this night didn't happen." 	That earned another sarcastic look.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|To live is to change, to acquire the words of a story, and that is the only celebration we mortals really know.
Debasish Mridha|Take revenge, not by hurting someone, but by succeeding in life and helping those who were hurting you in the past.
Auliq Ice|Making a lifestyle change is challenging, especially when you want to transform many things at once, you better start with one, when you see the change you'll have an automatic motivation entering into your life.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't let the rain drive you to the wrong shelter; the shade can turn out to be your protector and also your destroyer, and sometimes the rain is the perfect protector from the rain.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|How all my brain was in tumult, and all my heart in insurrection! Yet in what darkness, what dense ignorance, was the mental battle fought!
Thomas Moore|An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
Sophia Loren|There are two 'faiths' which can uphold humans: faith in God and faith in oneself. And these two faiths should exist side by side: the first belongs to one's inner life, the second to one's life in society.
George du Maurie|La vie est vaine,Un peu d’amour,Un peu de haine,Et puis—Bonjour!La vie est brève:Un peu d’espoir,Un peu de rèveEt puis—Bon soir! Ah, brief is Life,Love’s short sweet way,With dreamings rife,And then—Good-day!And Life is vain—Hope’s vague delight,Grief’s transient pain,And then—Good-night.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|He is wearing a rugby shirt with numbers and a little man on a horse on his chest. Kent has told Elsa that this sort of shirt costs more than a thousand kronor, and Granny always used to say that those sorts of shirts were a good thing, because the horse functioned as a sort of manufacturer’s warning that the shirt was highly likely to be transporting a muppet.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|When you let go of the belief that you should or need to know who you are, what happens to confusion? Suddenly it is gone. When you fully accept that you don't know, you actually enter a state of peace and clarity that is closer to who you truly are than thought could ever be. Defining yourself through thought is limiting yourself.
Selma Blair|My first job in TV was hosting this young teen magazine show, and all these high school teenagers showed up from all over Sacramento, California, and they chose four of us to host the show, two boys and two girls. And of the two girls, I was kind of the perky smart one and the other girl was the pretty one.
Sheila M. Reindl, Sensing the Self: Women's Recovery from Bulimia|A bulimic person may be so disconnected from her experience that she does not even know what she needs or wants. If she does not know, needing something or someone only confirms her sense that she is weak and inadequate. She believes her needs are not legitimate, and therefore finds it difficult to seek care or engage with any care she does manage to seek. In fact, she is likely to greet others' expressions of concern with contempt, the very contempt with which she views herself".
Peter Watts, Blindsight|It is a popular fact that nine-tenths of the brain is not used and, like most popular facts, it is wrong. Not even the most stupid Creator would go to the trouble of making the human head carry around several pounds of unnecessary gray goo if its only real purpose was, for example, to serve as a delicacy for certain remote tribesmen in unexplored valleys.
Elena Ferrante|But one afternoon Lila said softly that there was nothing that could eliminate the conflict between the rich and the poor. "Why?""Those who are on the bottom always want to be on top, those who are on top want to stay on top, and one way or another they always reach the point where they're kicking and spitting at each other.""That's exactly why problems should be resolved before violence breaks out.""And how? Putting everyone on top, putting everyone on the bottom?""Finding a point of equilibrium between the classes.""A point where? Those from the bottom meet those from the top in the middle?""Let's say yes.""And those on top will be willing to go down? And those on the bottom will give up on going any higher?""If people work to solve all problems well, yes. You're not convinced?""No. The classes aren't playing cards, they're fighting, and it's a fight to the death.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Wherever the Word of God is hidden or ignored, there will be certain destruction.
Andra Brynna Goeglein|Time is the only commodity in life that cannot be bought, sold, borrowed, given out as a gift and it cannot be inherited.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|In my fantasies, I was always caught up in heroic struggles, and I saw myself saving lives, sacrificing myself for others. I had far loftier ambitions than mere romance.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|Izzy. Sweet, beautiful, but eternally strange Izzy.
Charlotte Eriksson|I want people to feel safe around me. Calm and at peace and I want to make people feel accepted. I want to express confidence on my own path, and spread confidence to other people on theirs.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues|Even when you think things can never move forward and you feel so low, there's always a way out.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Love is as much a question of the will as it is of the emotion. And if you will to love somebody, you can. - Ravi Zacharias' brother
C. JoyBell C.|To your request of my opinion of the manner in which a newspaper should be conducted, so as to be most useful, I should answer, ‘by restraining it to true facts & sound principles only.’ Yet I fear such a paper would find few subscribers. It is a melancholy truth, that a suppression of the press could not more compleatly deprive the nation of its benefits, than is done by its abandoned prostitution to falsehood. Nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper. Truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle. The real extent of this state of misinformation is known only to those who are in situations to confront facts within their knolege with the lies of the day. I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens, who, reading newspapers, live & die in the belief, that they have known something of what has been passing in the world in their time; whereas the accounts they have read in newspapers are just as true a history of any other period of the world as of the present, except that the real names of the day are affixed to their fables. General facts may indeed be collected from them, such as that Europe is now at war, that Bonaparte has been a successful warrior, that he has subjected a great portion of Europe to his will, &c., &c.; but no details can be relied on. I will add, that the man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them; inasmuch as he who knows nothing is nearer to truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods & errors. He who reads nothing will still learn the great facts, and the details are all false.”—Letter to John Norvell, 14 June 1807[Works 10:417--18]
Brene Brown|I can trust my friends These people force me to examine myself, encourage me to grow.
Elliot Mabeuse, A Good Student|yes. Menace and danger, That's what passion is-dangerous love-love that put you at risk, that gets a hold of you and makes you do things you wouldn't normally do. It's the only love worth having..
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|There’d be no story without complications. With nothing to overcome, we’d die unstoried deaths.
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|Aunt Elspeth and Auntie Grace stood in their doorway, ceremoniously, to watch me go, and I felt as if I were a ship with their hope on it, dropping down over the horizon.
Paul Bamikole|It was what you gave out that made a man, not what you got back.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|Laughter is the deadliest weapon of all: with laughter you can murder anything, even murder.
Claudine Wolk, It Gets Easier! And Other Lies We Tell New Mothers|Then she rushes to pick up Asha from school, where she is known only as "Asha's mom" by the other mothers, who seem to all spend a lot of time together. Somer has no time for the PTA and bake sales. She has no time for herself. Her profession no longer defines her, but neither does being a mother. Both are pieces of her, and yet they don't seem to add up to a whole.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Rider made this sound in the back of his throat. It was deep and masculine, part groan and growl, and it made me shiver. He folded one hand along my cheek and lowered his head to mine, but he didn’t kiss me.No.His warm breath glided over my forehead as his hand slid across my cheek, his fingers spreading into my hair at the base. His other hand landed low on my back, and the weight did insane things to my insides. He drew it up my back, leaving a trail of fire in its wake. My eyes fluttered shut as his lips brushed over the curve of my cheek. It was the craziest torture. My entire body tensed, prepared for the moment when his lips met mine.And it was the sweetest pressure, a feather-light brush of his lips over mine. Once. Then twice. I felt the touch everywhere, a jolt to the system that zipped through my veins, and then the pressure increased.Rider kissed me then.It was a real one, soft and beautiful, and when the kiss deepened, it wasn’t a shy one. He knew what he was doing, and even though I didn’t, an innate knowledge told me it didn’t matter. His lips mapped out mine, and my insides were in tight coils.Kissing was awesome. Amazing. Astonishing. I could probably think of a couple of more words to describe it. Kissing blew me away, and when he lifted his mouth, both of us were breathing hard. He rested his forehead against mine. Neither of us spoke for several moments.I still wasn’t thinking. I had no idea how my hands had gotten to Rider’s chest, but his heart pounded under my palm as fast as mine did. My mind was blissfully blank as I breathed in his scent, a mix of his citrusy cologne and the faint trace of paint.“Did you like that?” he asked, dragging his fingers out of my hair and over the line of my jaw.Screaming yes, oh, God, yes, would’ve probably been a little too excessive, so I managed a somewhat subdued, “Yes.”As Rider grinned, his lips brushed mine. “Good. Because I really liked it.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|The two of you, there's something uncanny about the way you two are with each other. I mean everything--the way you look at each other, the way she relaxes when you put your hand on her back, the way you both seem to know what the other is always thinking, it's always struck me as extraordinary. That's another reason I keep putting marriage off. I know I want something like what you two share, and I'm not sure I've found it yet. I'm not sure I ever will. And with love like that, they say anything's possible, right?
Plutarch|The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.
Neil Hilborn, Our Numbered Days|Marvel at how she,the patient gardener, the bringer of sleep,she who draws the bath and lights the candles,she who made you someone who could makehimself into someone, she made you wantto live more than anything else, and nowshe makes you want to leave the worldbecause you have seen it.
Nancy Werlin, Impossible|Music links us humans, heart to heart...Across time and space, and life and death.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|We have begun a fight that it may be will take many a generation to complete...but you know that men are not put into this world to go the path of ease; they are put into this world to go the path of pain and struggle...We have given our lives to the enterprise, and that is richer and the moral is greater.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Most people, whatever their opinions and protestations, do not want to learn.
Dada Bhagwan|When one remains ‘sincere’, no type of fear will come to him in the worldly life (sansar) and it will lead him to moksha (ultimate liberation)!
Haruki Murakami|And you came to Finland to build a station?""No I came here on vacation to visit a friend.""That's good," the driver said. "Vacations and friends are the two best things in life.
Donna Lynn Hope|We were all of us alone, kept wrapped up tight by our sins.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Avoid the stage of old age sit in the audience, it's all the rage
David Henry Hwang, M. Butterfly|Southern trees bear strange fruit, Blood on the leaves and blood at the root,Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze, Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees.Pastoral scene of the gallant south,The bulging eyes and the twisted mouth, Scent of magnolias, sweet and fresh, Then the sudden smell of burning flesh. Here is the fruit for the crows to pluck, For the rain to gather, for the wind to suck, For the sun to rot, for the trees to drop,Here is a strange and bitter crop.
Kate Pullinger, Weird Sister|She had that kind of undeniable femininity that few women achieve, bogged down as we are by other things.
Katsura Hoshino, D.Gray-man, Volume 11|I'm Allen Walker!"My life....is over...I'm going to die....
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You act in love to be kind, be gentle and be peaceful.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Gratitude is medicine for a heart devastated by tragedy.  If you can only be thankful for the blue sky, then do so.
Vinko Vrbanic|The plain fact is that if you don't have a problem, you create one. If you don't have a problem you don't feel that you are living.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic Takes Manhattan|She even tried the one which every romantic nerve in her body insisted should work, which consisted of theatrically giving up, sitting down, and letting her glance fall naturally on a patch of earth which, if she had been in any decent narrative, should have contained the book.It didn't.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|Evolutionary psychologists suggest that, just as the eye is an evolved organ for seeing, and the wing an evolved organ for flying, so the brain is a collection of organs (or 'modules') for dealing with a set of specialist data-processing needs.
Robert L. Fried, The Passionate Teacher: A Practical Guide|I want students to engage the way a clutch on a car gets engaged: an engine can be running, making appropriate noises, burning fuel and creating exhaust fumes, but unless the clutch is engaged, nothing moves. It's all sound and smoke, and nobody gets anywhere.
Michael Bassey Johnson|We do not learn for the benefit of anyone, we learn to unlearn ignorance.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|If the point of life is the same as the point of a story, the point of life is character transformation. If I got any comfort as I set out on my first story, it was that in nearly every story, the protagonist is transformed. He's a jerk at the beginning and nice at the end, or a coward at the beginning and brave at the end. If the character doesn't change, the story hasn't happened yet. And if story is derived from real life, if story is just condensed version of life then life itself may be designed to change us so that we evolve from one kind of person to another. 
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|My own father had always said the measure of a man wasn't how many times or how hard he got knocked down, but how fast he got back up. I made a pledge to myself that I would get up and emerge from this debacle better for having gone through it. I would live up to the expectation I had for myself. I would be the kind of man I wanted to be.
James Baldwin|Writing entails undertaking a spiritual journey, an exploration of the blemished self that is delightfully challenging, painfully arduous, and unfathomably rewarding. Writing allows an admittedly flawed person to artfully confront their inglorious personal history, examine the present, and cogitate upon the future. Thoughtful writing creates a person’s own precursors: it revises a person’s conception of the past into a more detailed, accurate, and comprehensive philosophical context, alters how a person perceives the “now,” and alters the course and outcome person’s future. Writing is the ultimate psychological experience and an immaculate method to examine a person’s thoughts, debunk a person’s delusion, and analyze a person’s values.
Maya Banks, The Darkest Hour|She laid her head against his collarbone, and he kissed her temple. To her shock, she felt a shudder roll through his body about the same time she registered wetness against her skin. Tears. His tears.She started to turn around, but he tightened his grip.“Stay,” he said in a choked voice. “Just let me hold you, baby. Just let me hold you.
Philippe Descola, The Spears of Twilight: Life and Death in the Amazon Jungle|In marked contrast to the relaxed, typically Latin attitude of the Dominicans the Protestant missionaries were still proceeding at full blast with the fight for souls. These North American evangelists of strictly fundamentalist inclination combined in a curious fashion strict adhesion to the literal meaning of the Old Testament With mastery of the most modern technology. Most of them came from small towns in the Bible Belt, armed with unshakably clear consciences and a rudimentary smattering of theology, convinced that they alone were the repositories of Christian values now abolished elsewhere. Totally ignorant of the vast world, despite their transplantation, and taking the few articles of morality accepted in the rural Amenca of their childhoods to be a universal credo, they strove bravely to spread these principles of salvation all around them.Their rustic faith was well served by a flotilla of light aircraft, a powerful radio, an ultra-modern hospital and four-wheel-drive vehicles -- in short, all the equipment that a battalion of crusaders dropped behind enemy lines needed.
Barack Obama|If we do nothing, as the Republicans suggest, we're going to see health care costs reach a point where small businesses can't afford it and families can't afford it. We're going to see people turned down from pre-existing conditions. We're going to find the Medicare doughnut hole - a gap in coverage that's going to hurt a lot of seniors.
Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in this One|the only thing required to be a woman is to identifyas one.- period, end of story.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Blood rushed to the regions of my body that I associated with naughtiness, and I was powerless to stop it.
James R. Tuck, Special Features: A Deacon Chalk Short Story Collection|If you're dealing with a pack of werewolves I'll jump in without hesitation, but I was not getting in the middle of a pack of crazed shoppers on Black Friday
Debasish Mridha|To attract pure love, love yourself passionately.
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|You can have everything in the world, but if you don't have love, none of it means crap," he said promptly. "Love is patient. Love is kind. Love always forgives, trusts, supports, and endures. Love never fails. When every star in the heavens grows cold, and when silence lies once more on the face of the deep, three things will endure: faith, hope, and love." And the greatest of these is love," I finished. "That's from the Bible." First Corinthians, chapter thirteen," Thomas confirmed. "I paraphrased. Father makes all of us memorize that passage. Like when parents put those green yucky-face stickers on the poisonous cleaning products under the kitchen sink.
Jackson Burnett, The Past Never Ends|We keep imagining eternity as an idea that cannot be grasped, something vast, vast! But why must it be vast? Instead of all that, imagine suddenly that there will be one little room there, something like a village bathhouse, covered with soot, with spiders in all the corners, and that's the whole of eternity. I sometimes fancy something of that sort.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have found in my travels that those who keep heaven in view remain serene and cheerful in the darkest day. Forward-looking Christians remain optimistic and joyful, knowing that Christ someday will rule.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|It helps to think of a self as being like a drop of water that goes into the ocean and becomes one with the ocean.Each drop still exists but is now part of a much larger entity; yet it still does its small part as an element of the ocean.As significant as a single drop may appear,if it were not for all the drops,there would be no ocean.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|His words put an ache in her heart. She wanted happily ever after more than he could possibly know. She wanted forever. Problem was, she just wasn’t sure she believed in it anymore. It was why she clung to her fiction so much. She immersed herself in books because there she could be anyone and it was easy to believe in love and happily ever after.
Issey Miyake|You can almost say that a design error is a human error because, after all, it's we humans who do the designing.
Kevin Pietersen|But she loves her daughter, David can tell, loves her the way David's mother loved him, and sometimes David feels that same love he used to, except now it's coming from other places, other people, and it's a good thing the love is coming because he's beginning to think there aren't enough rules in the universe to bring his mother back.
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|How would your life be different if...You could control the outcome of your day, your week, your year? Let today be the day...You embrace the truth that you DO have such control to label every event in your life, and create an agreement with reality that empowers you and propels you to greatness.
Travis Scott|When you lose someone whose life was so extraordinary like my dad's, you have two options: You can curl up in a dark corner... or rise above it and dust yourself off and continue with their work. He will always be with me.
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|paling tidak lewat air mata, kita masih punya ketulusan jiwa. meski di satu sisi kita sering merasa kesepian
Michael  Grant, Hunger|I really like to cook. I used to do it lots for Mom, who's almost as useless as you, and it means I can practice describing all the different dishes. That always makes narratives seem less repetitive - and you can use them as metaphors, too.
Jo Nesbø|Whatever your passion is - even if you're great at it - it can't be the only thing you do... If you do, you'll be great at that one thing... and bad at everything else... Getting that balance is not easy...
Chuck Klosterman, Chuck Klosterman IV: A Decade of Curious People and Dangerous Ideas|Haw! Haw! Inconceivable stupidity is just what you're going to get! (Brigadier-General Henry Wilson, on being challenged in 1910 about the likelihood of a European war)
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|In all our discussions and speculations we had always unconsciously assumed that the women, whatever else they might be, would be young. Most men do think that way, I fancy. "Woman" in the abstract is young, and, we assume, charming. As they get older they pass off the stage, somehow, into private ownership mostly, or out of it altogether. But these good ladies were very much on the stage, and yet any one of them might have been a grandmother. We looked for nervousness—there was none. For terror, perhaps—there was none. For uneasiness, for curiosity, for excitement—and all we saw was what might have been a vigilance committee of women doctors, as cool as cucumbers, and evidently meaning to take us to task for being there.
|Stop being overly materialistic, and start building your empire. Your future self would surely love you if you do so.
Haemin Sunim, The Things You Can See Only When You Slow Down: Guidance on the Path to Mindfulness from a Spiritual Leader|To learn etiquette, is actually learning how to see others, and respect them.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|In the end that was the choice you made, and it doesn't matter how hard it was to make it. It matters that you did.
Jamie O'Neill, At Swim, Two Boys|They do say money is the root of all evil."I thought that was supposed to be the love of money."There's neat for you. 'Tis them without it that loves it best.
Alexander McCall Smith, Love Over Scotland|Gracious acceptance is an art - an art which most never bother to cultivate. We think that we have to learn how to give, but we forget about accepting things, which can be much harder than giving.... Accepting another person's gift is allowing him to express his feelings for you.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|I guess it's the same way trees grow around the very vines that are killing them, so they're strangled and sustained all at once. After a long time, even pain can be a comfort.
Julie   Murphy|If you get sick again? Alec, stop hiding behind that. We start dying the day we are born. If everyone thought the way you do, no one would ever go after their dreams. There would be a ton of unhappy people moping around.
Fakeer Ishavardas|And may God better understand and love us, than we, in our weakness, can do him.
Aleister Crowley, Aleister Crowley and the Practice of the Magical Diary|On my saying, What have I to do with the sacredness of traditions, if I live wholly from within? my friend suggested,--"But these impulses may be from below, not from above." I replied, "They do not seem to me to be such; but if I am the Devil's child, I will live then from the Devil." No law can be sacred to me but that of my nature. Good and bad are but names very readily transferable to that or this; the only right is what is after my constitution, the only wrong what is against it. A man is to carry himself in the presence of all opposition as if everything were titular and ephemeral but he. I am ashamed to think how easily we capitulate to badges and names, to large societies and dead institutions. Every decent and well-spoken individual affects and sways me more than is right. I ought to go upright and vital, and speak the rude truth in all ways.
F.D. Crandall, The Measure of a Man|Writing to me is like being addicted to heroin… it’s hard and its mean, but you just can’t stop.
Sunday Adelaja|They drew their net to shore, and there was a fire of coals, and fish laid thereon, another fish. When they had enough, one that was better than all was added. Have you not sometimes wished that you could have had that hundred and fifty-fourth fish? This was Christ's way all the while, and is His way still. He fills the net as full as it will hold, that our life may be sustained, and then He adds more, that His love may be gratified, and that which He adds is the "royal bounty.
Benjamin Franklin|Classicism is health, romanticisim is sickness.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|He warned Mother not to flout God's Will by expecting too much of us. "Sending a girl to college is like pouring water in your shoes,' he still loves to say, as often as possible. 'It's hard to say which is worse, seeing it run out and waste the water, or seeing it hold in and wreck the shoes.
Jon J. Muth, The Three Questions|Stay away from lazy parasites, who perch on you just to satisfy their needs, they do not come to alleviate your burdens, hence, their mission is to distract, detract and extract, and make you live in abject poverty.
Jim Sterling|If you can hold back, judge people and differentiate between right and wrong you are not in love.
Thomas R. Insel|Nevertheless, there is another threat on the horizon. I see this threat in environmentalism which is becoming a new dominant ideology, if not a religion. Its main weapon is raising the alarm and predicting the human life endangering climate change based on man-made global warming.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|Look, when do the really interesting things happen? Not when you've brushed your teeth and put on your pyjamas and are cozy in bed. They happen when you are cold and uncomfortable and hungry and don't have a roof over your head for the night.
Georgette Heyer, Simon The Coldheart|A jaw like a mastiff's, a frame like a giant's, eyes like two daggers, a smile like a tiger's snarl,"Bernard murmured."Aye, he is all that!!" Master Herbert said."A murrain be on him! And when I came to him,what did I do? I did bow in all politeness, yet stiffly withal to show him I'd not brook his surliness.""I did hear ye did bow so low that your head came below your knees,"Bernard said.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life, liberty and the pursuit of gratitude, now that would’ve worked. They would have been readily led to contentment, which would’ve then better lead them on to happiness.
Kiera Cass|I quote my father to people almost every day. Part of that is because if you dispense your own wisdom, others often dismiss it; if you offer wisdom from a third party, it seems less arrogant and more acceptable. Of course, when you have someone like my dad in your back pocket, you can't help yourself. You quote him every chance you get.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Using porn to guide sexual activity, is like using Jackass to model behaviour.
Meg Cabot, Runaway|You wanted to kill your father in order to be your father yourself. Now you are your father, but a dead father.
Santosh Kalwar|It is my mood which decides the weather, it is my mood which brings the tiny changes to humankind.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|The conviction that's underneath a lot of other statements is, "I don't trust Gjod.
Kij Johnson, At the Mouth of the River of Bees: Stories|Does Carthage even have forests? Did Virgil know for sure or was it just convenient for his story? Virgil was a professional liar. This would not be the only place where he pruned the truth until it was as artificial as an espaliered pear tree against a wall, forced into an expedient shape and bearing the demanded fruit.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|Never laugh at the fate of others, you are the next
Dmitry Glukhovsky|Jak by powiedział Puszkin, służba muzom nie znosi pośpiechu.
Ebenezer Cobham Brewer|I discovered news of old horrors in old books; read intelligence of old atrocities in old periodicals; always in the back of my mind, every day a bit louder, I heard the seashell drone of some growing, coalescing force; I seemed to smell the bitter ozone aroma of lightings-to-come.
Terri Windling, White as Snow|Silence is another element we find in classic fairy tales — girls muted by magic or sworn to silence in order to break enchantment. In "The Wild Swans," a princess is imprisoned by her stepmother, rolled in filth, then banished from home (as her older brothers had been before her). She goes in search of her missing brothers, discovers that they've been turned into swans, whereupon the young girl vows to find a way to break the spell. A mysterious woman comes to her in a dream and tells her what to do: 'Pick the nettles that grow in graveyards, crush and spin them into thread, then weave them into coats and throw them over your brothers' backs.' The nettles burn and blister, yet she never falters: picking, spinning, weaving, working with wounded, crippled hands, determined to save her brothers. All this time she's silent. 'You must not speak,' the dream woman has warned, 'for a single world will be like a knife plunged into your brothers' hearts.'You must not speak. That's what my stepfather said: don't speak, don't cry, don't tell. That's what my mother said as well, as we sat in hospital waiting rooms -- and I obeyed, as did my brothers. We sat as still and silent as stone while my mother spun false tales to explain each break and bruise and burn. Our family moved just often enough that her stories were fresh and plausible; each new doctor believed her, and chided us children to be more careful. I never contradicted those tales. I wouldn't have dared, or wanted to. They'd send me into foster care. They'd send my young brothers away. And so we sat, and the unspoken truth was as sharp as the point of a knife.
Jerrold Nadler|There's the assumption being made by the national security advisers to the Obama administration that the North Korean leadership is not suicidal, that they know they will be obliterated if they attacked the United States. But I would point that everything in South Korea and Japan is well within range of what they might want to do.
John Banville|Ever since we were little, we were so on fire for our dreams. We never let anyone blow our flames out.
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|Something snapped," said Madeline. She saw Perry's hand shining back in its graceful, practiced arc. She heard Bonnie's guttural voice. It occurred to her that there were so many levels of evil in the world. Small evils like her own malicious words. Like not inviting a child to a party. Bigger evils like walking out on your wife and newborn baby or sleeping with your child's nanny. And then there was the sort of evil which Madeline had no experience: cruelty in hotel rooms and violence in suburban homes and little girls sold like merchandise, shattering innocent hearts.
John Corey Whaley, Where Things Come Back|I feel like I’m going to get in a fight one day about the validity of falling in love so fast. Not a heated one because why would I give a shit if some other person gets it or not? Right now, it’s no longer the big flooding rush like when I saw her naked shoulder. It’s just this honest, frank truth. I love Evelyn Shriner. Love doesn’t start with need. Love meets love and just fucking recognizes itself. I’m supposed to be scared to death. Modern man isn’t built for these kinds of things. But I feel good.
Maria das Gracas Silva Foster|My family is my life, and I'll never lose that.
Bruce Forsyth|There is the morass, wherein you plunge up to your knees, or the walking over the stubborn, dwarfish shrubbery, whereby one treads down the forests of Labrador; and the unexpected bunting or sylvia which perchance, and indeed as if by chance alone, you now and then see flying before you, or hear singing from the ground creeping plant.
Queen Elizabeth II|Peace is not the absence of conflict but the presence of creative alternatives for responding to conflict - alternatives to passive or aggressive responses, alternatives to violence.
Arthur Schopenhauer, On The Will In Nature|That the Negroes were enslaved more than other races, and on a large scale, is evidently a result of their being, in contrast to other races, inferior in intelligence - which, however, does not justify such slavery
Tyka Nelson|It was a very cool thing to be a smart girl, as opposed to some other, different kind. And I think that made a great deal of difference to me growing up and in my life afterward.
Ann Benjamin, Life After Joe|Thus, hanging around in our towels (and those weird disposable underpants) was no big deal.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|When Lytle was born, the Wright Brothers had not yet achieved a working design. When he died, Voyager 2 was exiting the solar system. What does one do with the coexistence of those details in a lifetime’s view? It weighed on him.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|Inside every sane person there's a madman struggling to get out," said the shopkeeper. "That's what I've always thought. No one goes mad quicker than a totally sane person.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|Follow your heart, includes your responsibilities in everyday life; else heart will have only regrets at the end
Rachel Bertsche, MWF Seeking BFF: My Yearlong Search For A New Best Friend|And this was your friend?" Cordelia raised her eyebrows. "Seems to me the only difference between your friends and your enemies is how long the stand around chatting before they shoot you.
Daniel Yergin, The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power|If something possesses no capacity for activity whatever, it is nothing; it may be wholly penetrated, but it cannot be touched. Therefore passivity and reaction are everywhere equal.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|You have the right to create an appealing future for yourself; you also have the right to build up an appalling brand. Whichever, you own the value you create.
Stephanie Dray, America's First Daughter|Why was it that women were expected to restrain our every passion for the sake of propriety, but men couldn't do it even for the sake of the women they loved?
Tammy Blackwell, Fate Succumbs|You look worse today than you did when you had two blackeyes.”“Why, thank you, Tyler. You always say the sweetest things.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|The ones who love us never really leave us, you can always find them in here.' - Sirius Black
John Johnson|Men and women are not limited by the place of their birth, not by color of their skin, but by the size of their hope.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|In school, we learned about the world before ours, about angels and gods that lived in the sky, ruling the earth with kind and loving hands. Some say those are just stories, but I don't believe that. The gods rule us still. They have come down from the stars. And they are no longer kind.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|Two blades clashed, ringing like a bell. Like all small boys, Philip thought his father was invincible; and this was the moment when he learned the truth.
Anita Diamant, The Boston Girl|She is the creature of life, the giver of life, and the giver of abundant love, care and protection. Such are the great qualities of a mother. The bond between a mother and her child is the only real and purest bond in the world, the only true love we can ever find in our lifetime.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|It's just that you're about to do something out of the ordinary. And after you do something like that, the everyday look of things might seem to change a little. Things may look different to you than they did before. But don't let appearances fool you. There's always only one reality.
Robert McNamara|You don't get the fox to be in charge of the chicken coop. You don't give the outgoing regime - which has been practicing dictatorship, is an authoritarian system, it's a bunch of military people - the task of changing Egypt into a second republic, a new Egypt with democracy, freedom, rights, etc.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|You are my shooting star, and I always make a wish every time I see you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|God promised to bless the works of our hands. If you do not work, what is God going to bless you for?
Michael Perry|It is the blessing of dumb work done close to the earth-one gritty minute at a time, we move forward.
Mark Boyer|The best way to trick yourself into actually feeling these positive feelings, even if you are not feeling too good is to use your memories, fantasies, dreams and desires judiciously.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|You have a minute and a half left.""Fine," she snapped. "Then I'll reduce this conversation to one single fact. Today I had six callers. Six! Can you recall the last time I had six callers?"Anthony just stared at her blankly."I can't," Daphne continued, in fine form now. "Because it has never happened. Six men marched up our steps, knocked on our door, and gave Humboldt their cards. Six men brought me flowers, engaged me in conversation, and one even recited poetry."Simon winced."And do you know why?" she demanded, her voice rising dangerously. "Do you?"Anthony, in his somewhat belatedly arrived wisdom, held his tongue."It is all because he"—she jabbed her forefinger toward Simon—"was kind enough to feign interest in me last night at Lady Danbury's ball.
Bertrand Russell|As every student in Philosophy 101 learns, nothing can force me to believe that anyone except me is conscious. This power to deny that other people have feelings is not just an academic exercise but an all-too-common vice, as we see in the long history of human cruelty.
Nancy Farmer, The Sea of Trolls|Look around you...Feel the wind, smell the air. Listen to the birds and watch the sky. Tell me what's happening in the wide world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever calls on the Name of the Lord God, shall be saved.
Susan  Kay, Phantom|Is the mask magic?" he demanded with sudden, passionate interest."Yes." I bowed my head, so that our eyes no longer met. "I made it magic to keep you safe. The mask is your friend, Erik. As long as you wear it, no mirror can ever show you the face again."He was silent then and when I showed him the new mask he accepted it without question and put it on hastily with his clumsy, bandaged fingers. But when I stood up to go, he reacted with panic and clutched at my grown."Don't go! Don't leave me here in the dark.""You are not in the dark," I said patiently. "Look, I have left the candle ..."But I knew, as I looked at him, that it would have made no difference if I had left him fifty candles. The darkness he feared was in his own mind and there was no light in the universe powerful enough to take that darkness from him.With a sigh of resignation I sat back on the bed and began to sing softly; and before I had finished the first verse, he was asleep.The bandages on his hands and wrists showed white and eerie in the candle-light, as I eased my skirts from his grasp.I knew that Marie was right.Physically and mentally, I had scarred him for life.
Dada Bhagwan|The bigger the ‘flat’ [apartment], the harder one has to work. If the ‘flat’ is worth six hundred thousand, then he has to work six times as hard. If it is three hundred thousand, he has to work three times over. One simply has to keep on working hard, doesn't he?
Heike, The Tale of the Heike|In all these assaults on the senses there is a great wisdom — not only about the addictiveness of pleasures but about their ephemerality. The essence of addiction, after all, is that pleasure tends to desperate and leave the mind agitated, hungry for more. The idea that just one more dollar, one more dalliance, one more rung on the ladder will leave us feeling sated reflects a misunderstanding about human nature — a misunderstanding, moreover, that is built into human nature; we are designed to feel that the next great goal will bring bliss, and the bliss is designed to evaporate shortly after we get there. Natural selection has a malicious sense of humor; it leads us along with a series of promises and then keeps saying ‘Just kidding.’ As the Bible puts it, ‘All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled.’ Remarkably, we go our whole lives without ever really catching on.The advice of the sages — that we refuse to play this game — is nothing less than an incitement to mutiny, to rebel against our creator. Sensual pleasures are the whip natural selection uses to control us to keep us in the thrall of its warped value system. To cultivate some indifference to them is one plausible route to liberation. While few of us can claim to have traveled far on this route, the proliferation of this scriptural advice suggests it has been followed some distance with some success.
Daphne Oz|I'm not suggesting that social scientists stop teaching and investigating classic topics like monopoly power, racial profiling and health inequality. But everyone knows that monopoly power is bad for markets, that people are racially biased and that illness is unequally distributed by social class.
Marty McConnell|leaving is not enough; you muststay gone. train your heart like a dog. change the lockseven on the house he’s nevervisited. you lucky, lucky girl. you have an apartment just your size. a bathtubfull of tea. a heart the size of Arizona, but not nearlyso arid. don’t wish away your cracked past, your crooked toes, your problemsare papier mache puppetsyou made or bought because the vendorat the market was so compelling you justhad to have them. you had to have him.and you did. and now you pull down the bridge between your houses,you make him call before he visits, you take a loverfor granted, you take a lover who looks at youlike maybe you are magic. makethe first bottle you consumein this place a relic. place it on whatever altar you fashionwith a knife and five cranberries.don’t lose too much weight.stupid girls are always trying to disappear as revenge. and you are not stupid. you loved a manwith more hands than a parade of beggars, and here you stand. heartlike a four-poster bed. heart like a canvas. heart leaking something so strong they can smell it in the street.
Alexandre Dumas|Dite all’Angelo che veglierà sulla vostra vita, Morrel, di pregare qualche volta per un uomo che, simile a Satana, per un momento si è creduto simile a Dio e ha riconosciuto, con tutta l’umiltà di un cristiano, che nelle mani di Dio soltanto sta il supremo potere e la infinita sapienza
Masashi Kishimoto, Naruto, Band 11|I think of you as a friend. I used to think "friend" was just another word... Nothing more, nothing less. But when I met you, I realized what was important was the word's meaning.
Martin Luther|I would rather die than do something which I know to be a sin, or to be against God's will.
Tomas Tranströmer|Character? I should have thought it needed a good deal of character to throw up a career after half an hour’s meditation, because you saw in another way of living a more intense significance. And it required still more character never to regret the sudden step. I wondered if Abraham really had made a hash of life. Is to do what you most want, to live under the conditions that please you, in peace with yourself, to make a hash of life; and is it success to be an eminent surgeon with ten thousand a year and a beautiful wife? I suppose it depends on what meaning you attach to life, the claim which you acknowledge to society, and the claim of the individual. But again I held my tongue, for who am I to argue with a knight?
Lewis Black|The dog is often quick to resent a kick, be it from man or beast, but I have never known him to show anger at the door that slammed to and hit him. Probably, if the door held him by his tail or his limb, it would quickly receive the imprint of his teeth.
Aefa Mulholland|The website increases my excitement when I read, “Hark, the pies are calling!” My excitement is short-lived, however. I read the page again and realize that it is “pipes” that are calling, not “pies” as I had hoped. I am disappointed. I personally react better to the call of pies.
Suzanne Selfors, Coffeehouse Angel|Just wish it. But remember, it will only work if it's what you most desire. Do it now. We're running out of time." WHAT I MOST DESIRE. WHAT I MOST DESIRE. I looked into his electric eyes and made my wish. Then I popped the bean into my mouth and swallowed it whole. For a moment, the world stood still. We sat in a silent bubble, just us two, insulated from the snow and the wind. His eyes widened. "But, Katrina, that wish was supposed to be for you." "It's what I most desire." And it was.
Norman Lock, The Boy in His Winter: An American Novel|Hater" and "hate" are used when no critical thought can be formed. We can definitely do better.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of Freedom: Ethics, Democracy, and Civic Courage|Whoever teaches learns in the act of teaching, and whoever learns teaches in the act of learning.
Azar Nafisi|Success is not a matter of mastering subtle, sophisticated theory but rather of embracing common sense with uncommon levels of discipline and persistence.
Matthew McConaughey|Science fiction without the science just becomes, you know, sword and sorcery, basically stories about heroism and not much more.
Katya G. Cohen, The American Spellbound|... the Wisdom of God ... rules all things, because it is infinitely more powerful and more loving and, above all, more merciful than ours.
Christopher Moore, Sacré Bleu: A Comedy d'Art|What you call idiot points, I call awesome dollars. ~Seth
Tony Robbins|I think no matter who you are, no matter what you do in your life, no matter where you come from, you have to fight; we all fight in different ways. And its a metaphor, sometimes its literal, and I really believe that freedom is on the other side of discipline. Your mind can only match where your body is. And so its...you're never mastering it, there's always a lesson--things catch you in unexpected ways. And I think that's a beautiful metaphor for life.
Peter De Vries, The Blood of the Lamb|Of course. I am well aware that the streets of New York are not safe, but then there is no longer any place in the world which is safe. One cannot live in perpetual fear, one has to be as prudent as possible, and get on with life. - A Severed Wasp
Dan Wells, Fragments|I'd thought I wanted to live free of my mundane little cage, but the world outside was feeling more and more hazardous.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Energy & Aura. You release your own distinctive energy signature which naturally produces a physical presence. When you emit positive energy, thoughts, feelings, and vibrations, you attract more positives into your life.
Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte|While a battle still entirely political was preparing in this same place which had already seen so many revolutionary events, while the youth, the secret associations, the schools in the name of principles, and the middle class in the name of interests, were moving in to dash against each other, to grapple and overthrow each other, while each was hurrying and calling the final and decisive hour of the crisis, far off and outside that fatal sector, in the deepest of the unfathomable caverns of that miserable old Paris, the gloomy voice of the people was heard deeply growling.	A fearful, sacred voice, composed of the roaring brute and the speech of God, which terrifies the feeble and warns the wise, which comes at the same time from below like the voice of a lion and from above like the voice of thunder. Page 1123 Saint-Denis Chapter 13 part II
-Lekshmi SP|Never step back because you feel you cant,Give it the try hence emotions get tamed!break the comfort zone and be the unbreakable zone.
Sarah Parcak|Prediction is structurally inseparable from the business of punditry: It creates the essential image of indefatigable authority that is punditry's very architecture; it flows from that calcified image, and it provides the substance for the story that keeps getting told about the inevitability of American progress.
Rossana Condoleo, Happy Divorce: How to turn your divorce into the most brilliant and rewarding opportunity of your life!|Marriage is what you make of it, and God has many versions of what that looks like based on what different souls need, in order to grow.
Shane E. Bryan|Sometimes you don't really see who you are, until you see who you are not".
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Personally, I always wondered about authors and celebrities who loudly declared there was no God. It was usually when they were healthy and popular and being listened to by crowds. What happens, I wondered, in the quiet moments before death? By then, they have lost the stage, the world has moved on. If suddenly, in their last gasping moments, through fear, a vision, a late enlightenment, they change their minds about God, who would know?
Guy Fieri|I never made it to the school choir because the music teacher didn't like my voice. I was pretty sad. But he was probably right; I did have a voice a bit like a goat, but my dad told me to never give up and to keep going, and it's paid off.
Stormie Omartian, Choose Love Book of Prayers|Conversion is the lifelong process of turning away from our plans and turning toward God's maddening, disruptive, creativity.
Debasish Mridha|Dare to dream, dare to love, and dare to live.
Lee Radziwill|I came, I studied architecture in America, so my technical background's completely western. But my seventeen years, the formative years of one's life, and I can't say that the Chineseness in me is not there.
Joyce Rachelle|Don't be afraid to make mistakes. But if you do, make new ones. Life is too short to make the wrong choice twice.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you hurt someone, you bring torment into your own life.
Human Angels, We are human angels|You can only be in a state of non-reaction if you can recognize someone's behavior as coming from the ego, as being an expression of the collective human dysfunction. When you realize it's not personal, there is no longer a compulsion to react as if it were.
Michael Crichton, State of Fear|Every morning in the middle of nowhere, without electricity or anyone to impress, I'd take great care in picking out my outfit and hover in front of a business card-size mirror to apply my lip gloss and check my eyebrows. I also felt I had a strong case for bringing a little black dress on expeditions. Village parties spring up more often than you might expect, and despite never having been a Girl Scout, I like to be prepared.
Farshad Asl|Money gives you options,Hard work gives you success, Healthy relationships give you a long life, But faith gives you everything!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|In dreams, we enter a world that’s entirely our own.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Government cannot be religious and self-assertive at the same time. Religious experience needs a spontaneity which laws inevitably suppress. And you cannot govern without laws. Your laws eventually must replace morality, replace conscience, replace even the religion by which you think to govern. Sacred ritual must spring from praise and holy yearnings which hammer out a significant morality. Government, on the other hand, is a cultural organism particularly attractive to doubts, questions and contentions. I see the day coming when ceremony must take the place of faith and symbolism replaces morality.
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|Who else, when we stepped to the line in Torino, was going to be so mentally tough? Who else would have proven to himself that he could do anything he set out to do? In a sport that was always one tick away from being entirely out of control, who else would have done everything he could to take charge of the things he could-and should- control to put himself in position to excel?
Joe Rogan|As usual, small towns like this were full of those who needed entertainment and whilst money was difficult to earn, the philosophy of giving the people what they wanted, which Franco lived by, had paid dividends.
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|Hell, we’re all bullet bait sooner or later. Doubt it makes much difference. You make it to sixteen, you’re a goddamn legend.
Glen McDiarmid|The best advice you can give anyone consists of one word only, given at precisely the right moment.
Hyman G. Rickover|As we grow in holiness, we grow in hatred of sin; and God, being infinitely holy, has an infinite hatred of sin.
Nilam Suri, Camar Biru: Cinta Tak Selalu Tepat Waktu|He laid his head on Reid's shoulder and shut his eyes, buoyed toward sleep by the affectionate comb of fingers through his hair. He could stay just so, and be content for all his days.
John Ruskin|And though it be not so in the physical, yet in moral science that which cannot be understood is not always profitless. For the soul awakes, a trembling stranger, between two dim eternities,—the eternal past, the eternal future. The light shines only on a small space around her; therefore, she needs must yearn towards the unknown; and the voices and shadowy movings which come to her from out the cloudy pillar of inspiration have each one echoes and answers in her own expecting nature.
George Hillocks Jr.|The creative writer is compulsively concrete . . . . His fictional house should be haunted by ideas, not inhabited by them; they should flit past the windows after dark, not fill the rooms. The moment anyone tries to make poems or stories of ideas alone he is at the edge of absurdity; he can only harangue, never interest and persuade, because ideas in their conceptual state are simply not dramatic. They have to be put into the form of people and actions . . .
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|We are the products of fate, from beginning to end
Tim Winton, Breath|It’s how I fill the time when nothing’s happening. Thinking too much, flirting with melancholy.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|War is a monster. War is the devil. It starts and it consumes and it grows and grows. And otherwise normal men become monsters, too.
Debasish Mridha|A writer's duty is to draw a picture that expresses more inner beauty, deeper anxiety, and more complex tragedy than a real character ever can.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|Kindness consents very readily to the removal of its object – we have all met people whose kindness to animals is constantly leading them to kill animals lest they should suffer. Kindness, merely as such, cares not whether its object becomes good or bad, provided only that it escapes suffering.
Ian Fleming, Casino Royale|Like all harsh, cold men, he was easily tipped over into sentiment.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|The Weak Point Dealer is an ideal man fighting his inner himself who is drowned by the outer himself, desperate to deal with the weak points. The man who is wildly in love with what he wants and madly hates for what he has to wait for.
Michael Shaara, The Killer Angels|When it comes to animal agriculture, there is conventional, which is really hideous, and "compassionate" or "certified humane" or whatever, which *may* be *slightly* less hideous. But it's all torture. It's all wrong. These "happy" gimmicks are just designed to make the public feel better about exploiting animals. Don't buy the propaganda of "happy" exploitation. Go vegan and promote veganism.
Tara Conklin, The House Girl|Remember that it is quicker to destroy than build, so be careful of what you do even with your own tongue.
Alice Thomas Ellis, The Sin Eater|They attend with Pharisaical strictness to the outward forms of religion, and at the same time neglect the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith.
W.K. Marriott, The Prince|Descending the endless stairs for the sixth time, Mr. Lecky thought of all the goods those closed doors hid. Fantastic was the discouragement it caused him. Aware of such variety and great quantity, Mr. Lecky saw the danger of forgetting or never even imagining things which, discovered, he would want. Everlastingly midway between two equal errors, to which could he cleave? To have time for everything, one must make haste. To gain access to everything, one must be patient.Moreover, hasty, or patient as Job, with what great labor would Mr. Lecky carry up on his back all he got! Making, as he was every moment, the climb back longer, giving, as he did with each step down, consent to toil more and more severe, he could anticipate vaguely and abhor another possibility. Curious and insubstantial as his fearing not to find what he could not think of, was his resentment of a perhaps coming time when he might, in revolt against the inanity of exertion, live meanly and miserably, with no object but somehow to make what was already at hand suffice for him. Against this insidious ill chance there exists no defense, since so often what today is detested will appear tomorrow - though surely still detestable - good and wise.
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|Our bird of hope was being denied the altitude it sought, just free enough to fly dangerously close to the reality of the treetops.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|The Positive Paradigm is: . . . a new, inclusive reality map, one people worldwide can easily comprehend and agree upon. It is equally compatible with scriptures and science, bridging the gap between them. It fulfills Einstein's intuited search for the Unified Field Theory, picturing how all parts of creation are related, interwoven and interdependent. Working with the Positive Paradigm empowers the "substantially new manner of thinking," which, Einstein said, is necessary "if mankind is to survive." 	For thousands of years, this genesis formula, the very heart of the creative process, was hidden as the secret treasure of initiates. Its knowledge was transmitted exclusively to qualified students in the inner circles of monastic schools. When Einstein intuited the theory of relativity and made it available to the general public, its long-foreseen abuse materialized. To Einstein's horror, it was misused to explode atomic bombs. This context justifies making the positive application of Einstein's inspired vision equally public now. For in its traditional context, this three-part formula is an essential piece of the knowledge puzzle. It has the powerful potential to offset earlier abuse with opposite and equally unifying results. A timely shift to the Positive Paradigm could tip the scales of history in favor of human survival.p. 11.
Voltaire|Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her; but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Mario Andretti|What I relish most is when a member of my staff, who has worked with passion and patience towards achieving their dream of owning a restaurant, walks up to me and says, 'Nobu! I have done it!'
Francis de Sales|I might have been made of metal once, but not anymore. Like Pinocchio, I'd turned into a real girl. So far it sucked. But there was nothing I could do about it.
Aristotle|This book is dedicated to Israel's constructive and nuanced critics, whose rational voices are too often drowned out by the exaggerations, demonizations, and hate-filled lies put forth by Israel's enemies. Criticism is the lifeblood of democracy and a sure sign of admiration for an imperfect democracy seeking to improve itself.
Lydhia Marie, Remember|Weak or strong, everyone falls at least a thousand times throughout their life. It is in what they learn from their fall and how steady they become that you recognize the strongest of all." -Grandma (Magdalen)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Fortune’s a right whore:If she give aught, she deals it in small parcels,That she may take away all at one swoop.
J.C. McKeown, A Cabinet of Greek Curiosities: Strange Tales and Surprising Facts from the Cradle of Western Civilization|The least successful athletes, those who have never won any victories, suddenly call themselves trainers.
Ritesh Shrivastav|always see the goodness in others for it will sent you to righteousness,.. Amen
Richie Norton|If you can dream it up, you can team it up.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|You are God. You want to make a forest, something to hold the soil, lock up energy, and give off oxygen. Wouldn’t it be simpler just to rough in a slab of chemicals, a green acre of goo?	You are a man, a retired railroad worker who makes replicas as a hobby. You decide to make a replica of one tree, the longleaf pine your great-grandfather planted- just a replica- it doesn’t have to work. How are you going to do it? How long do you think you might live, how good is your glue? For one thing, you are going to have to dig a hole and stick your replica trunk halfway to China if you want the thing to stand up. Because you will have to work fairly big; if your replica is too small, you’ll be unable to handle the slender, three-sided needles, affix them in clusters of three in fascicles, and attach those laden fascicles to flexible twigs. The twigs themselves must be covered by “many silvery-white, fringed, long-spreading scales.” Are your pine cones’ scales “thin, flat, rounded at the apex?” When you loose the lashed copper wire trussing the limbs to the trunk, the whole tree collapses like an umbrella. 	You are a sculptor. You climb a great ladder; you pour grease all over a growing longleaf pine. Next, you build a hollow cylinder around the entire pine…and pour wet plaster over and inside the pine. Now open the walls, split the plaster, saw down the tree, remove it, discard, and your intricate sculpture is ready: this is the shape of part of the air.	You are a chloroplast moving in water heaved one hundred feet above ground. Hydrogen, carbon, oxygen, nitrogen in a ring around magnesium…you are evolution; you have only begun to make trees. You are god- are you tired? Finished?
Hyrum Yeakley|Once you start questioning your beliefs, that's when it's all over. It is truly doubt that kills our conviction.
Hans Ostrom|If there is heaven then there must be hell too, don't think that The God is merciful, he didn't create hell for himself.
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|Don’t be timid. You’re a writer, use your role, test it, make something of it. These are decisive times, everything is turning upside down. Participate, be present. And begin with the scum in your area, put their backs to the wall.
Murray Pura|Christianity was not meant to be a weapon or an argument or a show of force or a political tool. Or an act of aggression or coercion. It was never meant to be a cause or a prop for a cause. Or something to pacify and make thousands go to bed happy and unthinking. It was meant to be a challenge, yes, but that challenge to a second life was meant to be laced with kindness. If someone forces you to choose between God is holy and God is love choose God is love because holiness without love translates into tyranny.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Prosperity is good,happiness is better,and health is the best.
Ted Williams|If you don't think too good, don't think too much.
Jesikah Sundin, Legacy|... a man could build whatever monuments he wanted in the worlds of politics, sports, entertainment, and business, but if they come at the expense of his children, then he has failed. Once the attention fades and the crowds stop cheering his name and his accomplishments are little more than fine print in a history book, the only thing that truly survives him is his child. That is his legacy. That is what defines him. All else is but a footnote.
Zelda la Grange|Don't matter who they are, anybody sets foot in this house's yo' comp'ny, and don't you let me catch you remarkin' on their ways like you was so high and and mighty! Yo' folks might be better'n the Cunninghams but it don't count for nothin' the way you're disgracin' 'em.
Nicola Formichetti|So we want an Islamic state where Islamic law is not just in the books but enforced, and enforced with determination. There is no space and no room for democratic consultation. The Shariah is set and fixed, so why do we need to discuss it anymore? Just implement it!
Robert Musil, The Man Without Qualities: Vol. 1|What is it you do, then? I'll tell you: You leave out whatever doesn't suit you. As the author himself has done before you. Just as you leave things out of your dreams and fantasies. By leaving things out, we bring beauty and excitement into the world. We evidently handle our reality by effecting some sort of compromise with it, an in-between state where the emotions prevent each other from reaching their fullest intensity, graying the colors somewhat. Children who haven't yet reached that point of control are both happier and unhappier than adults who have. And yes, stupid people also leave things out, which is why ignorance is bliss. So I propose, to begin with, that we try to love each other as if we were characters in a novel who have met in the pages of a book. Let's in any case leave off all the fatty tissue that plumps up reality.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, Traumatic Stress: The Effects of Overwhelming Experience on Mind, Body, and Society|The scientific study of suffering inevitably raises questions of causation, and with these, issues of blame and responsibility. Historically, doctors have highlighted predisposing vulnerability factors for developing PTSD, at the expense of recognizing the reality of their patients' experiences… This search for predisposing factors probably had its origins in the need to deny that all people can be stressed beyond endurance, rather than in solid scientific data; until recently such data were simply not available… When the issue of causation becomes a legitimate area of investigation, one is inevitably confronted with issues of man's inhumanity to man, with carelessness and callousness, with abrogation of responsibility, with manipulation and with failures to protect.
Sabrina Jeffries, How the Scoundrel Seduces|Of course, even though Peter and I have had our disagreements, we share a bond I'd defend to the death if needs be. If all goes according to the natural order of things, siblings will know us longer than our parents, longer than our spouses and friends." Lord Westdale to Duncan
Walter Kerr|Half the world is composed of idiots, the other half of people clever enough to take indecent advantage of them
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|I have only met men like you in novels, men who lived their own idiosyncrasies.
Irene Rosenfeld|You know how sports teach kids teamwork and how to be strong and brave and confident? Improv was my sport. I learned how to not waffle and how to hold a conversation, how to take risks and actually be excited to fail.
Piet Mondrian|The thing about Chicago is that it really isn't like any other place. The architecture and the layout of the city are the best. I'm from the Midwest, and consider myself a Midwesterner. I feel most at home there. I love California. I have great friends in California. I just have always considered Illinois to be home.
Tara Brach|I've published one book before, and now I'm writing a book of essays and stories about life in Tokyo. And I have one book coming out in May in Germany, about fitness.
Grace Anthony, Timeless|I love the fact that Perrault's princess goes on living and struggling after she finds her prince, and that Perrault doesn't shrink from the weirdness of Sleeping Beauty being over a hundred years old but having the body of a lithe young thing. When the prince wakes her, he considers telling her she's wearing the kind of clothes his grandmother used to wear, but decides it's best not to mention it just yet.
J.R. Ward, Lover at Last|It is the character of lived experience I want to explore, not the nature of man.
Steven Bochco|I guess rebelliousness has been explored in many movies, but what about the smart kids' rebellion? Not just the motorcycle jackets and that kind of rebellion; it's the dorky kid - what could he do?
Vannetta Chapman, A Simple Amish Christmas|At Christmas play and make good cheer, For Christmas comes but once a year.
Chaim Potok|He was an American character, one typical of men of his generation, men who embraced the notion of freedom and individualism and the open road without always knowing its price, and whose enthusiasms could as easily lead to the cowardice of McCarthyism as to the heroics of World War II. Men who were both dangerous and promising precisely because of their fundamental innocence; men prone, in the end, to disappointment.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset|In my isolation, I dreamt of power. My daydreams and fantasies were all about how I could win, how I could be number one, how I could have my cake and eat it too. When those dreams were fulfilled, I felt nothing. The love-sized hole within me grew larger and larger as I died by my own hand, by my own mind. During my transformation, I found what I needed to fill the hole. I found peace, joy, and connection. To power, I waved goodbye. I thought that being a loving, spiritual being meant sacrificing that triumph-hungry drive within. For much too long, I ignored these urges, believing them to be the opposite of love while I cycled in and out of love awareness. The day that my love mindset became a permanent state of mind was the day I realized that love is not the opposite of power. Love is power. Love is the strongest power there is.
Richard Bach|The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|God is great and God is good," Lisa says. "But where are the Apache attack helicopters when you need them?
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Don't be discouraged if people don't see your vision, your harvest. All they see from their perspective is that you're watering a whole lot of dirt. They don't SEE what seeds you've been planting with blood, sweat, tears and lack of sleep. Make sure you don't abandon or neglect it because "they" don't see it. You have to KNOW and believe for yourself. They don't see the roots and what's budding under the dirt. But it's okay, because it's NOT meant for them to see it. While you wait, MASTER it. You continue to do YOUR work and have unwavering faith! Remember why you started planting in the first place. Your harvest WILL come!
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|You don’t want modesty, you want humility. Humility comes from inside out. It says someone was here before me and I’m here because I’ve been paid for. I have something to do and I will do that because I’m paying for someone else who has yet to come.
Elizabeth Jane Howard, Mr. Wrong|Charity felt rather snoozy after the long sermon, and she was really very grateful when Reverend Meeps offered her a cup of tea. Church was not so bad when the minister remembered you were only human.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|... the successful recruit must be empathetic. This condition rules out the sadistic, the vengeful, and the enthusiastic. Therefore, many of the garden-variety killers who applied so far have had no chance of success, especially those who are already behind bars.
Sophia Loren|Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
Tim LaHaye, Transforming Your Temperament|Fear is the paralyzing emotion that inhibits or restricts normal feelings of love, confidence, and well-being.
H. G. Wells|I was a freshman All-American, and I tore my ACL in the third game. But God has a plan for everything. I had a chance to turn away from Him in that situation or draw closer to Him. I decided to draw closer to Him, and came back stronger from it.
Roald Dahl|I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being. I'll put it before any of the things like courage or bravery or generosity or anything else.Brian Sibley: Or brains even?Oh gosh, yes, brains is one of the least. You can be a lovely person without brains, absolutely lovely. Kindness - that simple word. To be kind - it covers everything, to my mind.If you're kind that's it.
Jan Jansen|Don't tell your friend you are fighting with your wife, he will use your weakness against you
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|There are many more books to read, when will I finish reading?
Ginni Rometty|Factory farming is one of the biggest contributors to the most serious environmental problems. The meat industry causes more greenhouse gas emissions than all the cars, trucks, planes and ships in the world.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|I liked all the children in my class. Back then, I think we all just tacitly assumed that we were equal. That we were all in the same boat. We didn’t really think about our different genders, races or classes. We just co-existed, like one big family.
Stefan Zweig, The Collected Stories of Stefan Zweig|Off, end this lies it's not awesome. Please take this crap, second very clever and smart, but I want to add suffix (-ass), it's very suitable, isn't it?
John Piper, Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist|Long term thinking and planing enhances short term decision making. Make sure you have a plan of your life in your hand, and that includes the financial plan and your mission.
Elizabeth George Speare, Calico Captive|The more it rains and blows, the more certain we are to have him.
Maya Angelou|I'm not an early bird at all. Ideally, on Saturday morning I'd allow myself a lovely lie-in. 10:45 would be just right.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|In the act of creativity, the artist lets go the self-control which he normally clings to and is open to riding the wind.
Cara Delevingne|The sky is always there for me, while my life has been going through many, many changes. When I look up the sky, it gives me a nice feeling, like looking at an old friend.
Jeffrey Tucker|The problems on campus life today are not about free speech. They are about how the students have absolutely nothing to do with their lives but sit and listen to lectures, find the best parties to attend, and otherwise discover first-world problems to stew about and protest. That's the root of the problem. This is not a commercial environment where people are incentivized to find value in each other. Campuses have become completely artificial 4-year holding tanks for infantilized kids with zero experience in actual life in which people find ways to get along. These students are not serving each other in a market exchange, and very few have worked at day in their lives, so their default is to find some offense and protest. It's all they've been taught to do and all they know how to do. Idle hands and parents' money = trouble.
Debasish Mridha|You can hurt some of the people some of the time, you never can hurt all the people all the time but you can love all the people most of the time.
Stephanie Wardrop, Charm and Consequence|The smoke stung at the corners of Uri’s eyes as he struggled to open them. He could hear the battle sounds all around him and smell the iron from the blood drenched warfare in the air. Much to his surprise, death had not yet claimed him. He could feel Raimie’s body under his own, no warmth came from him, however, and Uri feared the worse. Over his shoulder, he heard a large blast and the earth shook under him.The trackers had obviously followed someone through. There were hundreds of designated transportation locations as part of the evacuation drill. Absolutely nobody was allowed to transport directly to a primary facility for this exact reason. If a tracker were to follow your transportation signature to the next facility, the Guardians could be nearly wiped out in one night. The secrecy of the facilities and cloaking spells were key in their safety.Uri knew if he or Raimie had any chance of surviving, he needed to get clear of the fighting and find a healer. Attempting to sit up, he braced his weight on the earth just beside Raimie’s head. He quickly reconsidered as the unbearable pain shot through his side. Running his hand down to the source, he could feel the shaft of an arrow jutting out from his side; a warm wetness covered his fingertips.In the distance, Uri could hear someone crying out in agony, not a voice he recognized, yet the pain in it seemed all too familiar. Another blast rang out from behind him as Uri slumped to the ground, groaning in pain.
James Hamilton-Paterson, Cooking with Fernet Branca|Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and turns into a racket.
Helen Rowland|I have never been in favor of gay marriage, and I am not in favor of gay marriage.
Adam Rex, Fat Vampire: A Never Coming of Age Story|He sniffed her. The rubbery black nose inhaled deeply as it passed back and forth over her face, along her throat, her ears. Jeez, it was like being vacuumed-only most Hoovers didn't have the potential to bite her face off.
Sharon Lovejoy, Running Out of Night|I cannot tell you how exciting it is when you first see your book in paperback, then when the good reviews roll in it is just the red bow on the present under the tree.
John Lennon|Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friends
Arthur Conan Doyle|I am a brain, Watson. The rest of me is a mere appendix.
Simon Cowell|Everything in our background has prepared us to know and resist a prison when the gates begin to close around us . . . But what if there are no cries of anguish to be heard? Who is prepared to take arms against a sea of amusements? To whom do we complain, and when, and in what tone of voice, when serious discourse dissolves into giggles? What is the antidote to a culture's being drained by laughter?
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Once there was a boy,” said Jace.Clary interrupted immediately. “A Shadowhunter boy?”“Of course.” For a moment a bleak amusement colored his voice. Then it was gone. “When the boy was six years old, his father gave him a falcon to train. Falcons are raptors – killing birds, his father told him, the Shadowhunters of the sky.“The falcon didn’t like the boy, and the boy didn’t like it, either. Its sharp beak made him nervous, and its bright eyes always seemed to be watching him. It would slash at him with beak and talons when he came near: For weeks his wrists and hands were always bleeding. He didn’t know it, but his father had selected a falcon that had lived in the wild for over a year, and thus was nearly impossible to tame. But the boy tried, because his father told him to make the falcon obedient, and he wanted to please his father.“He stayed with the falcon constantly, keeping it awake by talking to it and even playing music to it, because a tired bird was meant to be easier to tame. He learned the equipment: the jesses, the hood, the brail, the leash that bound the bird to his wrist. He was meant to keep the falcon blind, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it – instead he tried to sit where the bird could see him as he touched and stroked its wings, willing it to trust him. Hee fed it from his hand, and at first it would not eat. Later it ate so savagely that its beak cut the skin of his palm. But the boy was glad, because it was progress, and because he wanted the bird to know him, even if the bird had to consume his blood to make that happen.“He began to see that the falcon was beautiful, that its slim wings were built for the speed of flight, that it was strong and swift, fierce and gentle. When it dived to the ground, it moved like likght. When it learned to circle and come to his wrist, he neary shouted with delight Sometimes the bird would hope to his shoulder and put its beak in his hair. He knew his falcon loved him, and when he was certain it was not just tamed but perfectly tamed, he went to his father and showed him what he had done, expecting him to be proud.“Instead his father took the bird, now tame and trusting, in his hands and broke its neck. ‘I told you to make it obedient,’ his father said, and dropped the falcon’s lifeless body to the ground. ‘Instead, you taught it to love you. Falcons are not meant to be loving pets: They are fierce and wild, savage and cruel. This bird was not tamed; it was broken.’“Later, when his father left him, the boy cried over his pet, until eventually his father sent a servant to take the body of the bird away and bury it. The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he’d learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed.
Sheri Cobb South, The Weaver Takes a Wife|Mr. Brundy, you are no doubt as well acquainted with my circumstances as I am with yours, so let us not beat about the bush. I have a fondness for the finer things in life, and I suppose I always will. As a result, I am frightfully expensive to maintain. I have already bankrupted my father, and have no doubt I should do the same to you, should you be so foolhardy as to persist in the desire for such a union. Furthermore, I have a shrewish disposition and a sharp tongue. My father, having despaired of seeing me wed to a gentleman of my own class, has ordered me to either accept your suit or seek employment. If I married you, it would be only for your wealth, and only because I find the prospect of marriage to you preferable –but only slightly!- to the life of a governess or a paid companion. If, knowing this, you still wish to marry me, why, you have only to name the day.”Having delivered herself of this speech, Lady Helen waited expectantly for Mr. Brundy’s stammering retraction. Her suitor pondered her words for a long moment, then made his response.“’ow about Thursday?
Tessa Dare, Do You Want to Start a Scandal|In another minute or two, those men would have tossed your skirts in that alley right there... if you were wearing skirts! You should be thanking me for saving your sorry hide! By my calculations, that’s twice in one day.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am grateful for every adversity, I learn to depend more on God.
Audrey Auden, Realms Unreel|Even that. What is the point in living forever, if it is not with the woman I love?
Robert B. Parker|True honor does not crave recognition, as true wisdom craves not publicity. The great heroes and the great men of wisdom walk silently through the bypaths of mankind.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's World: Fresh Perspectives on the SF Classic Ender's Game|But most of those to whom Ender's Game feels most important are those who, like me, feel themselves to be perpetually outside their most beloved communities, never able to come inside and feel confident of belonging.
Pedro Calderon de la Barca|Films are dreams. Many, many critics say to me that my films are not good because they are too unbelievable, but this is my style. I tell stories like they are dreams. This is my imagination. For me, it would be impossible to do a film that is so precise, that resembles real life.
Georges Bernanos|Hope springs eternal in the human breast: Man never is, but always to be blest.
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|Science, great, mighty and in the end unerring, science has fallen into many errors - errors which have been fortunate and useful rather than otherwise, for they have been the steppingstones to truth.
Simon Van Booy, Father's Day|That's truth, Harvey, not what's written on a piece of paper or in blood too small to see - but the memory of how it felt being together.
John Galsworthy|For all of its uncertainty, we cannot flee the future.
Philip Sidney|One of the primary purposes of civilization - and certainly its primary strength - is the guarantee that family life can flourish in unity, peace, and order.
Latika Teotia|She was oppressed, trampled over, hurt, harmed and went through pain as well as sorrow till she decided to stand up to what was going on. She said a firm and emphatic NO to all the nonsense. She was determined to face her fears, heal the pain of countless wounds and come out of the shadows to claim her rightful place under the sun. Yes, she is a fighter and had that fire which refused to die down despite the torture and misery that she underwent. She now stands rock steady, full of self assurance, firmly anchored to the confidence in her own self. Having freed herself from the deep dungeon of misery that she underwent all these years, she is now much more relaxed and at peace. Her life which was quite a mess is now uncluttered and she now travels much lighter having broken free of the chains that bound her. No longer is her energy being sucked in the wrong direction of the bygone miserable past nor is she unsure of the future because she has decided to create it to her heart’s desire. She’s fully alert with her feet firmly planted. The warrior in her has arrived !!!
Dembe Michael|Do something completely unrelated to your goals, and feel good about it. We all need rest, recreation, and a reminder that there is more to life than pursuing our goals.
Germany Kent|Start today creating a vision for yourself, your life, and your career. Bounce back from adversity and create what you want, rebuild and rebrand. Tell yourself it's possible along the way, have patience, and maintain peace with yourself during the process..
Siegfried Sassoon|We were succeeding. When you looked at specifics, this became a war of attrition. We were winning.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|For if we're destroyed, the knowledge is dead...We're nothing more than dust jackets for books...so many pages to a person...
Nita Morgan|Magnus threw the monkey a fig. The monkey took the fig."There," said Magnus. "Let us consider the matter settled."The monkey advanced, chewing in a menacing fashion."I rather wonder what I am doing here. I enjoy city life, you know," Magnus observed. "The glittering lights, the constant companionship, the liquid entertainment. The lack of sudden monkeys."He ignored Giuliana's advice and took a smart step back, and also threw another piece of fruit. The monkey did not take the bait this time. He coiled and rattled out a growl, and Magnus took several more steps back and into a tree.Magnus flailed on impact, was briefly grateful that nobody was watching him and expecting him to be a sophisticated warlock, and had a monkey assault launched directly to his face.He shouted, spun, and sprinted through the rain forest. He did not even think to drop the fruit. It fell one by one in a bright cascade as he ran for his life from the simian menace. He heard it in hot pursuit and fled faster, until all his fruit was gone and he ran right into Ragnor."Have a care!" Ragnor snapped.He detailed his terrible monkey adventure twice."But of course you should have retreated at once from the dominant male," Giuliana said. "Are you an idiot? You are extremely lucky he was distracted from ripping out your throat by the fruit. He thought you were trying to steal his females.""Pardon me, but we did not have the time to exchange that kind of personal information," Magnus said. "I could not have known! Moreover, I wish to assure both of you that I did not make any amorous advances on female monkeys." He paused and winked. "I didn't actually see any, so I never got the chance."Ragnor looked very regretful about all the choices that had led to his being in this place and especially in this company. Later he stooped and hissed, low enough so Giuliana could not hear and in a way that reminded Magnus horribly of his monkey nemesis: "Did you forget that you can do magic?"Magnus spared a moment to toss a disdainful look over his shoulder."I am not going to ensorcel a monkey! Honestly, Ragnor. What do you take me for?
Abdur-Rehman Qadeer|People Ignore, People Hurt, People Confuse. But, Nature Talks, Nature Heals, Nature Answers.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Being with her I feel a pain, like a frozen knife stuck in my chest. An awful pain, but the funny thing is I'm thankful for it. It's like that frozen pain and my very existence ar
Sloane Crosley|It's hard to imagine anything more interesting than learning how we're woven into the enormous tapestry of existence. Where did our universe come from? How special is our world, and how special are we? We allocate tens of billions of dollars annually to NASA, NSF and academia in search of the answers.
Niall Horan|If a man whistles at you, don't turn around. You are a lady not a dog.
Ann Zwinger, Downcanyon: A Naturalist Explores the Colorado River through the Grand Canyon|Unkar Delta at Mile 73The layers of brick red sandstone, siltstone, and mudstone of the Dox formation deposited a billion years ago, erode easily, giving the landscape an open, rolling character very different that the narrow, limestone walled canyon upstream, both in lithology and color, fully fitting Van Dyke’s description of “raspberry-red color, tempered with a what-not of mauve, heliotrope, and violet.” Sediments flowing in from the west formed deltas, floodplains, and tidal flats, which indurated into these fine-grained sedimentary rocks thinly laid deposits of a restful sea, lined with shadows as precise as the staves of a musical score, ribboned layers, an elegant alteration of quiet siltings and delicious lappings, crinkled water compressed, solidified, lithified.
Tui T. Sutherland, The Hidden Kingdom|Well tarnation you're a meanie pants aren't you?" ~Miss Mary~
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|That Marxism is not a science is entirely clear to intelligent people in the Soviet Union. One would even feel awkward to refer to it as a science. Leaving aside the exact sciences, such as physics, mathematics, and the natural sciences, even the social sciences can predict an event—when, in what way and how an event might occur. Communism has never made any such forecasts. It has never said where, when, and precisely what is going to happen. Nothing but declamations. Rhetoric to the effect that the world proletariat will overthrow the world bourgeoisie and the most happy and radiant society will then arise.
Keshia Harris, Tex|Though the Mistress is all about power, confidence and control, she still must give back to her clients who provide the very platform she stands on. The Mistress is not self-made by any means. With her submissive she creates, she designs, she imagines, she becomes. It’s a relationship; it’s an exchange.
Tony Dovale|In a Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace, people are promoted based upon skillset, AND more importantly MINDSET
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|But memories got left behind while you kept walking on; every time you had to retrace your steps further to return to your memories, and sometimes it was better not to turn back at all.
Hubert Martin|Her words were slickly lacquered, dripping with venom that singed the air as they fell. She traced her tongue up my neck and whispered in a way that would shatter glass. "It's the words inbetween," she said, "those are the ones I truly mean." Then, her toes curled with the release of the truth she kept hidden.
Alicia Deters, Fading Darkness|Well, well, well. Tickle my Elmo ass silly. I was sitting across from a person who enjoyed talking to dead people, and if they wouldn’t talk, then by God, he’d just wake their corpses up instead. Next to him was a moody, chain-smoking vampire who just might be bipolar and smoked like a corncob pipe.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without prayer, life is a panic.
Juanita Ray, Battered|Life humbles the rich by giving them problems that money can’t resolve, or, dissolve. Life enslaves the poor by giving them problems that money can resolve, or, dissolve.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|All the terrorism in the world that fester in the name of religion, are in fact not religious in nature, rather they are socio-political. Their roots are not religion, but socio-political condition. Religion is only used as a divine tool of authoritative justification in the search of absolution.
Edmund White|Everything, I think, about acting is based on imagination.
C.S. Lewis, The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis, Volume 3: Narnia, Cambridge, and Joy, 1950 - 1963|By the way, don't 'weep inwardly' and get a sore throat. If you must weep, weep: a good honest howl! I suspect we - and especially, my sex - don't cry enough now-a-days. Aeneas and Hector and Beowulf, Roland and Lancelot blubbered like schoolgirls, so why shouldn't we?
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|If you want to be a good parent then be a great leader. You should live a life with passion for someone and something. The legacy you leave your children shouldn't be how you suffered in gratitude for a life you had no passion for. Rather, it should be how grateful you are to a God that believes fairytales can come true because they came true for you.
Russell Westbrook|All I'm trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|Early identiﬁcation of patients who suffer from dissociative symptoms and disorders is essential for successful treatment, because these disorders do not resolve spontaneously.
Deborah Day|Make a pledge to yourself right now, to declare that you are worth your time and energy.
James E. Faust|Honesty is a very expensive gift, Don't expect it from cheap people.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Myrnin said softly. "And how is it that you do not understand that HERE, in THIS place, this girl belongs to me, not to you?
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|The books must be read, not seen in a movie.
Isaac Asimov, Second Foundation|All roads lead to Trantor, and that is where all stars end.
|Stop waiting for success to happen, and start working consistently towards it. You must sow before you can reap.
Julian Barnes, England, England|Most people, in my opinion, steal much of what they are. If they didn't what poor items they would be.
Ian Gregoire, The Exercise of Vital Powers|It is a sad truth that those who crave and seek power, invariably abuse that power once they obtain it.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|It doesn't need to be happy so to be interesting, there are outside sad stories which are also interesting... if you know what's about overall..., know the ending... don't you want to understand why??? By going deeper and deeper!?
Carl G. Jung|The necessary and needful reaction from the collective unconscious expresses itself in archetypally formed ideas. The meeting with oneself is, at first, the meeting with one's own shadow. The shadow is a tight passage, a narrow door, whose painful constriction no one is spared who goes down to the deep well. But one must learn to know oneself in order to know who one is. For what comes after the door is, surprisingly enough, a boundless expanse full of unprecedented uncertainty, with apparently no one inside and no one outside, no above and no below, no here and no there, no mine and no thine, no good and no bad. It is a world of water, where all life floats in suspension; where the realm of the sympathetic system, the soul of everything living, begins; where I am indivisibly this and that; where I experience the other in myself and the other-than-myself experiences me.No, the collective unconscious is anything but an encapsulated personal system; it is sheer objectivity, as wide as the world and open to all the world. There I am the object of every subject, in complete reversal of my ordinary consciousness, where I am always the subject that has an object. There I am utterly one with the world, so much a part of it that I forget all too easily who I really am. "Lost in oneself" is a good way of describing this state. But this self is the world, if only a consciousness could see it. That is why we must know who we are."―from_Archetypes of the Collective Unconscious_
Nikki Rowe|With your laugh my sorrows are relieved, with your love I forget about my problems, and by your side everything is better.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|JFK apparently felt genuine sympathy for his 1960 presidential opponent Richard Nixon. He felt that, with Nixon's frequent shifts in political philosophy and reinventions, he must have to decide which Nixon he will be at each stop. This, Kennedy reasoned, must be exhausting.
Valerie Baber|politicians often had the knack of seeming to know everyone intimately. Either they had remarkable memories, or their secretaries reminded them efficiently.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I felt the unfairness of it, the inarguable injustice of loving someone who might have loved you back but can't due to deadness.
Roger Federer|Amateurism is the strongest form of discrimination in sports. Because it discriminates against the underprivileged, it discriminates against the poor. If we want sports to go back to the wealthy, let's make it amateur again.
rachel kabura|How far we go to seek redemption, but in all these, have we really sacrificed enough to find our peaceful place?
Scott Adlerberg, Graveyard Love|If you find yourself in an interrogation room, you will probably do better if you have not spent a bit of time kneeling on a blood-soaked carpet. And it would be especially good if you didn't have any of that blood smeared on your clothing and your hands. I'm just saying. A word to the wise.
Robert S. Mulliken, Life of a Scientist: An Autobiographical Account of the Development of Molecular Orbital Theory|I decided that life rationally considered seemed pointless and futile, but it is still interesting in a variety of ways, including the study of science. So why not carry on, following the path of scientific hedonism? Besides, I did not have the courage for the more rational procedure of suicide.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Ring Sets Out|But it is said: Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger. The choice is yours: to go or wait.''And it is also said,' answered Frodo: 'Go not to the Elves for counsel for they will answer both no and yes.''Is it indeed?' laughed Gildor. 'Elves seldom give unguarded advice, for advice is a dangerous gift, even from the wise to the wise, and all courses may run ill.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|If the path has been laid down, why the successive appearance of different teachers? Why would anyone reinvent the wheel, if everything were as cosy and sequential as primitive longing so easily convinces us?
Muriel Barbery|...we have to surpass ourselves every day, make every day undying. Climb our own personal Everest and do it in such a way that every step is a little bit of eternity. That's what the future is for: to build the present, with real plans, made by living people.
John Logan, Red|Everything worthwhile ends. We are in the perpetual process now: creation, maturation, cessation.
Bette Lee Crosby, The Regrets of Cyrus Dodd|As sorry as I feel for myself, I feel even sorrier for her. I know she's afraid of staying and equally as frightened of going. Just as this land is a part of me, this house is a part of her. Selling off these things piece by piece is like cutting away chunks of her heart. I promised to make it better, but only God knows whether or not that's a promise I'll be able to keep.
Charlie Kaufman|Do I have an original thought in my head? My bald head. Maybe if I were happier, my hair wouldn't be falling out.Life is short. I need to make the most of it. Today is the first day of the rest of my life. I'm a walking cliché.I really need to go to the doctor and have my leg checked. There's something wrong. A bump. The dentist called again. I'm way overdue. If I stop putting things off, I would be happier. All I do is sit on my fat ass. If my ass wasn't fat I would be happier. I wouldn't have to wear these shirts with the tails out all the time. Like that's fooling anyone. Fat ass.I should start jogging again. Five miles a day. Really do it this time. Maybe rock climbing. I need to turn my life around. What do I need to do? I need to fall in love. I need to have a girlfriend. I need to read more, improve myself. What if I learned Russian or something? Or took up an instrument? I could speak Chinese. I'd be the screenwriter who speaks Chinese and plays the oboe. That would be cool.I should get my hair cut short. Stop trying to fool myself and everyone else into thinking I have a full head of hair. How pathetic is that?Just be real. Confident. Isn't that what women are attracted to? Men don't have to be attractive. But that's not true. Especially these days. Almost as much pressure on men as there is on women these days.Why should I be made to feel I have to apologize for my existence? Maybe it's my brain chemistry. Maybe that's what's wrong with me. Bad chemistry. All my problems and anxiety can be reduced to a chemical imbalance or some kind of misfiring synapses. I need to get help for that.But I'll still be ugly though.Nothing's gonna change that. 
Lois Greiman, One Hot Mess|Breaking up is hard to do. But, bustin him in the head ain't that easy, either.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Nothing that we despise in other men is inherently absent from ourselves. We must learn to regard people less in the light of what they do or don't do, and more in light of what they suffer.
Sloane Crosley|I like to try to do a little work before I do anything in the morning, even if it's a paragraph.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|She sat listening to the music. It was a symphony of triumph. The notes flowed up, they spoke of rising and they were the rising itself, they were the essence and the form of upward motion, they seemed to embody every human act and thought that had ascent as its motive. It was a sunburst of sound, breaking out of hiding and spreading open. It had the freedom of release and the tension of purpose. It swept space clean, and left nothing but the joy of an unobstructed effort. Only a faint echo within the sounds spoke of that from which the music had escaped, but spoke in laughing astonishment at the discovery that there was no ugliness or pain, and there never had to be. It was the song of an immense deliverance.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you read great literature every day, you will uplift your spirit, soul and self.
Dada Bhagwan|Only one kind of religion cannot give peace to everyone. Whatever ‘degree’ one is sitting at, that ‘degree’ of religion he requires.
Cormac McCarthy|Connie Heermann is a Freedom Writer teacher. I believe she represents the best of what dedicated teachers can be because she chose to serve her students, not her school board.
Katerina Kostaki, Το ταξίδι της ζωής φέρνει ελπίδες|He shook his head again. “I’m afraid I don’t feel much of anything these days. Especially not hope. I have no time or energy to waste on false wishes and dreams that won’t come true.”“Hope isn’t about ignorant wishing.” She surprised even herself with herdefensive backlash. “Hope is about believing—believing there are betterthings in store for us if we just wait for them. It’s about understanding we’re not left completely on our own here, regardless of the way things appear.”Lamont snorted. “That ain’t much for a body to go on.”“Perhaps not, but I reckon it’s enough. Sometimes it’s gotta be, anyhow.Without hope, what would drive one onward?”He was silent for a long moment before he looked up and met her eyes.His own eyes displayed no emotion when he answered in a weary, grimtone, “Fear.” He took a drink and fell silent again as she quietly scrutinized him, attempting to discern in his haggard face the thoughts behind what he had said.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|Back then, things were plainer: less money, no electronic devices, little fashion tyranny, no girlfriends. There was nothing to distract us from our human and filial duty which was to study, pass exams, use those qualifications to find a job, and then put together a way of life unthreateningly fuller than that of our parents, who would approve, while privately comparing it to their own earlier lives, which had been simpler, and therefore superior.
