Anonymous|Ah, today is not really a good day, but my afterthought suggests it is, since I have had the chance to learn that life cannot be exemplary all the time. It is good to be taken aback once in a while because only then, would I value the state of being nonchalant.
Emylia Hall, The Book of Summers|I never stopped loving her," he said. "I couldn’t let her go. Once the past gets you in its clutches, well, you’ve got to want to fight to be released. I never did. That was my mistake.
Muhammad Ali|Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|Hadn't another wise man, the Buddha himself, warned about the evils of attachment?
Wendell Berry, Given|A tree forms itself in answerto its place and the light.Explain it how you will, the onlything explainable will beyour explanation.” Sabbaths 1999 IV
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|The more we humanize the society, the more we will become humans.
Lamar Alexander|What modern humans need help with is escaping from the despair of politics, commerce and media, escaping from the drabness and oppressiveness of worldly values and seeing through suburban mentality and normal community standards so that they can find some much-needed relief for their wilting souls.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If you want to have your dreamed husband, you better not wake up; because in real life, all men are assholes.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|Books are left untouched. Fanaticism became our trait.. Now more than ever we let others feed our minds and we became the zombie society walking around without purpose, without care, without vision.
Makoto Shinkai, Your Name.|To be strong does not mean to sprout muscles and flex. It means meeting one's own numinosity without fleeing, actively living with the wild nature in one's own way. It means to be able to learn, to be able to stand what we know. It means to stand and live.
Susan Wiggs|Everything is out there if you know how to find it, and have the patience. I don't and haven't, but that's my problem.
Rene Descartes|Always, through my whole life, I've had a thirst for knowledge.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|It's precisely in despair that you find the most intense pleasure, especially if you are already powerfully conscious of the hopelessness of your predicament.
William Shakespeare|The pretence leads up to the real thing. When you are not feeling particularly friendly but know you ought to be, the best thing you can do, very often, is put on a friendly manner and behave as if you were a nicer person than you actually are. And in a few minutes, as we have all noticed, you will be really feeling friendlier than you were. Very often the only way to get a quality in reality is to start behaving as if you had it already.
Dada Bhagwan|If the inner [intent] is not spoilt, it means “Our Own Self” did not spoilt. That which has become spoilt on the outside will burn in the funeral pyre; whether it improves or not.
Alexander Lowen, Fear of Life|The most effective weapon a parent has to control a child is the withdrawal of love or its threat. A young child between the ages of three and six is too dependent on parental love and approval to resist this pressure. Robert's mother, as we saw earlier, controlled him by "cutting him out." Margaret's mother beat her into submission, but it was the loss of her father's love that devastated her. Whatever the means parents use, the result is that the child is forced to give up his instinctual longing, to suppress his sexual desires for one parent and his hostility toward the other. In their place he will develop feelings of guilt about his sexuality and fear of authority figures. This surrender constitutes an acceptance of parental power and authority and a submission to the parents' values and demands. The child becomes "good", which means that he gives up his sexual orientation in favor of one directed toward achievement. Parental authority is introjected in the form of a superego, ensuring that the child will follow his parents' wishes in the acculturation process. In effect, the child now identifies with the threatening parent. Freud says, "The whole process, on the one hand, preserves the genital organ wards off the danger of losing it; on the other hand, it paralyzes it, takes its function away from it.
Adam Carolla|When I go through the airport and see white women walking through the airport barefooted, like athlete's feet don't exist, there's something wrong.
Michelle DeRusha, Spiritual Misfit: A Memoir of Uneasy Faith|He had only one thing to do and that was what he should think about and he must think it out clearly and take everything as it came along, and not worry. To worry was a bad as to be afraid. It simply made things more difficult.
Hope Bradford, Oracle of Compassion: The Living Word of Kuan Yin|Kuan Yin is showing me picture of a windsurfer skimming effortlessly along the ocean's surface," describes Ms. Lees. "While quite skilled, he is nevertheless very focused on the elements around him. The windsurfer is focused upon how to turn the sail. His question must always be, 'what am I going to do with the wind that is blowing right now,'" instructs Kuan Yin: “There are the waves and there is the wind, seen and unseen forces. Everyone has these same elements in their lives, the seen and unseen: karma and free will. The question is, ‘how are you going to handle what you have?’ You are riding the karmic wave underneath and the wind can shift. Everyone must take what they see and deal with that which is unseen.
Amy Engel, The Book of Ivy|He was right: not about her playing him, or about her laughing at him, but certainly about her carelessness, about her casual disregard for how he would feel if he found out, and about the stunning lack of depth it exposed in her character.
Elbert Hubbard|It is a different world than when I was growing up, and you started to just kind of maintain at thirty-five and just hope you can hope it together. People are a lot more vital than I am and doing all kinds of things and leading really important movements.
Rasheed Ogunlaru, Soul Trader: Putting the Heart Back into Your Business|Strive to enrich all lives, hearts and minds not just your own pockets
Colin Quinn, The Coloring Book: A Comedian Solves Race Relations in America|A few years back, they jacked David Copperfield in West Palm Beach, for Chrissake. Yes, it's funny: "Yo, empty your pockets," and he pulls out a bunny rabbit. But it's also depressing. If someone who can make himself disappear isn't safe, who is?
Cassandra Clare, The Midnight Heir|A great sadness welled up in Magnus at the sight of him. It was human to age and die, and Jem stood outside that humanity now, outside the light that burned so brightly and so briefly. It was cold outside that light and fire. No one had greater cause to know that cold than Magnus did.
Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever|Do not let the day end without you asking yourself one great question. So many things do question our thoughts. Questions of all forms and from all spheres of life do bother us. Sometimes, questions are the best answers to questions. When you ponder over a question, ask another question which will questing the question. Mostly, the best answers to questions are the best questions. Questions that questing the questions rightly give the right answers. Remember, never a day without a great question!
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|Money, money, all is money! Could you write even a penny novelette without money to put heart into you? Invention, energy, wit, style, charm--they've all got to be paid for in hard cash.
Maggie Gallagher|In marriage, a man becomes slack and selfish, and undergoes a fatty degeneration of his moral being.
Stephenie Meyer|Her scent blazed in my throat and I was glad. It was a pain that meant she was alive. As long as I burned, she was safe.
Ariel Gore, Atlas of the Human Heart|They had buried him under our elm tree, they said -- yet this was not totally true. For he really lay buried in my heart.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|The human understanding is no dry light, but receives infusion from the will and affections; whence proceeds sciences which may be called "sciences as one would." For what a man had rather were true he more readily believes. Therefore he rejects difficult things from impatience of research; sober things, because they narrow hope; the deeper things of nature, from supersition; the light of experience, from arrogrance and pride; things not commonly believed, out of deference to the opinion of the vulgar. Numberless in short are the ways, and sometimes imperceptible, in which the affections color and infect the understanding.1620 - Francis Bacon
Roy  Bennett|Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|life's kind of like a painting. A really bizarre, abstract painting. You could look at it and think that all it is, is a blur. And you could continue living your life thinking that all it is, is just a blur. But if you really look at it, really see it, focus on it, and use your imagination, life can become so much more. The painting could be of the sea, the sky, people,buildings, a butterfly on a flower, or anything except the blur you were once convinced it was.
Shane K.P. O'Neill|Romance is not the giving of flowers, or any other gift. It is a way of life, a way of being. Romance is every thought, gesture, and deed on your part to make another feel special, even if only for a moment. For a moment can last a lifetime in the heart of the recipient, be that the one you love, or a complete stranger.
Gordon Gee|In the 'Hurt Locker' there's a lot of me in there, a sense of humor, a man of few words and a lot of action.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Ortez sauntered over to the nearest wall intercom. "Bridge, this is the captain -- what the hell's going on up there? I didn't schedule a combat drill for today." Hell, it occurred to him -- he hadn't scheduled any kind of drill for at least four months. On the other end of the line, young 2nd lieutenant Cedric Pankow, the com officer, let it fall.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|Indeed, infatuation thrives on image (while love thrives on knowledge).
Tom Clancy, Clear and Present Danger|yes, writing is mostly a dream, but angels visit in dreams
Morgan Freeman|I love the ukulele. It's got a beautiful, melodic tone to it. There's something innocent and romantic, and it's just a grand instrument to play.
Mathew Barrett Gross, The Last Myth: What the Rise of Apocalyptic Thinking Tells Us about America|I have watched the tears of frustration of a stroke victim or the autistic child who struggles to communicate a need or thought, but no one understands. Eventually, the soul grows quiet and gives up. At every stage of life, and in every circumstance, we search for someone who understands what we are going through.
Michael A. Wood Jr., Eliot|A nurse and a social worker took fifteen minutes out of their shitty thankless job in the roughest corner of town, sat on a couple of milk crates drinking coffee, flopped their real selves out of the cement and both liked what they saw.
Lyndon B. Johnson|Already a congressman, to a mentor "I hope sometime you run across something you think I can do well 24 hours per day.
Wisława Szymborska|A Note Life is the only way to get covered in leaves, catch your breath on the sand, rise on wings; to be a dog, or stroke its warm fur; to tell pain from everything it's not; to squeeze inside events, dawdle in views, to seek the least of all possible mistakes. An extraordinary chance to remember for a moment a conversation held with the lamp switched off; and if only once to stumble upon a stone, end up soaked in one downpour or another, mislay your keys in the grass; and to follow a spark on the wind with your eyes; and to keep on not knowing something important.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Now, think of a square, a living, beautiful square. And imagine that it must tell you about itself, about its life. You understand, a square would scarcely ever think of telling you that all its four angles are equal: this has become so natural, so ordinary to it that it's simply no longer consciously aware of it. And so with me: I find myself continually in this square's position.
P.D. Ouspensky, The Fourth Way|If one does not develop, one goes down. In life, in ordinary conditions everything goes down, or one capacity may develop at the expense of another.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I suppose there has been nothing like the airports since the age of the stage-stops - nothing quite as lonely, as sombre-silent. The red-brick depots were built right into the towns they marked - people didn't get off at those isolated stations unless they lived there. But airports lead you way back in history like oases, like the stops on the great trade routes. The sight of air travellers strolling in ones and twos into midnight airports will draw a small crowd any night up or two. The young people look at the planes, the older ones look at the passengers with a watchful incredulity.
Shelley Ramsey|Despite countless prayers for Joseph to be safe, God said no. His plan remains a mystery. I have had to accept that mystery and trust Him in the dark.
Brennan Manning, Souvenirs of Solitude: Finding Rest in Abba's Embrace|But give thanks, at least, that you still have Frost's poems; and when you feel the need of solitude, retreat to the companionship of moon, water, hills and trees. Retreat, he reminds us, should not be confused with escape. And take these poems along for good luck!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|To be honest, one can only feel glad that so many modern iconoclasts consider Christianity to be full of exceptionally hypocritical, religious zealots - it's biblically accurate and a prophecy fulfilled. The old smoke screen is one of Satan's favorite tricks. He conceals the authentic. He has a persistent strategy of targeting those who remind him of Christianity because he fears those who remind him of Christ.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|The Earth is God's pinball machine and each quake, tidal wave, flash flood and volcanic eruption is the result of a TILT that occurs when God, cheating, tries to win free games.
David M. Krueger, Myths of the Rune Stone: Viking Martyrs and the Birthplace of America|It takes abstract thinking to see how greed can lead to prosperity, but it takes wishful thinking to claim that violence can lead to charity.
Brynn Myers, The Echoed Life of Jorja Graham|The prophecy stated that Hades' most beloved oracle, Sybil, was to bed two males of significance on the same night. Each male had been chosen from the finest of all Hades' demons to consecrate this union. They were to fill her not only their seed but with their blood, giving the boys their life and their abilities.	On the day of their birth, Sybil announced that her boys were to rule the five rivers and would do so in peace for many years, but that eventually, one of her sons would become the underworld's demise, while the other would become its destiny.
Michael Dirda|When our weaknesses affect health and friendship, we are very much aware of their existence.
Donny Hathaway|Motown was about music for all people - white and black, blue and green, cops and the robbers. I was reluctant to have our music alienate anyone.
Mark Hall, Your Own Jesus: A God Insistent on Making It Personal|...[I]f at the time of its release the soul is tainted and impure, because it has always associated with the body and cared for it and loved it, and has been so beguiled by the body and its passions and pleasures that nothing seems real to it but those physical things which can be touched and seen and eaten and drunk and used for sexual enjoyment; and if it is accustomed to hate and fear and avoid what is invisible and hidden from our eyes, but intelligible and comprehensible by philosophy - if the soul is in this state, do you think that it will escape independent and uncontaminated?
Jim Lynch, The Highest Tide|See as much as you can see, I guess. Rachel Carson said most of us go through life "unseeing." I do that some days...I think it's easier to see when you're a kid. We're not in a hurry to get anywhere and we don't have those long to-do lists you guys have.
Tanya Masse|It is not what you say, but how you say it. "Pick that pencil up! -would you mind picking up the pencil? - would you please pick up the pencil?" The way things are said, makes a huge difference in what people think of you. I told my daughter this many times.
Michelle Madow, The Secret Diamond Sisters|For Courtney’s whole life, seeing the world had only been a dream, but now, as Adrian Diamond’s daughter, it could be a reality.
Martin Luther|Where the battle rages, there the loyalty of the soldier is proved.
William Makepeace Thackeray|It is hard to bring paedophile rings to justice. Thankfully it does happen. Perhaps the most horrific recent case came before the High Court in Edinburgh in June 2007. It involved a mother who stood by and watched as her daughter of nine was gang-raped by members of a paedophile ring at her home in Granton, in the north of Edinburgh. The mother, Caroline Dunsmore, had allowed her two daughters to be used in this way from the age of five. Sentencing Dunsmore to twelve years in prison judge, Lord Malcolm, said he would take into account public revulsion at the grievous crimes against the two girls. He told the forty-three-year-old woman: 'It is hard to imagine a more grievous breach of trust on the part of a mother towards her child.' Morris Petch and John O'Flaherty were also jailed for taking part in raping the children. Child abuse nearly always takes place at home and members of the family are usually involved.
Christopher Hitchens|At least two important conservative thinkers, Ayn Rand and Leo Strauss, were unbelievers or nonbelievers and in any case contemptuous of Christianity. I have my own differences with both of these savants, but is the Republican Party really prepared to disown such modern intellectuals as it can claim, in favor of a shallow, demagogic and above all sectarian religiosity?Perhaps one could phrase the same question in two further ways. At the last election, the GOP succeeded in increasing its vote among American Jews by an estimated five percentage points. Does it propose to welcome these new adherents or sympathizers by yelling in the tones of that great Democrat bigmouth William Jennings Bryan? By insisting that evolution is 'only a theory'? By demanding biblical literalism and by proclaiming that the Messiah has already shown himself? If so, it will deserve the punishment for hubris that is already coming its way. (The punishment, in other words, that Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson believed had struck America on Sept. 11, 2001. How can it be that such grotesque characters, calling down divine revenge on the workers in the World Trade Center, are allowed a respectful hearing, or a hearing at all, among patriotic Republicans?)., Commentary Column. May 5, 2005]
Bamigboye Olurotimi|He who believes not in your quest should not sail with you, so that he won't sink your ship.
Michelle Obama|If we're going to have any chance of sending stuff to other star systems, we need to be laser-focused on becoming a multi-planet civilisation.
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|The culture you live in today is the culture you have allowed. That is true of your family, and it is true of your country."Never forget that you will shape the culture in which you exist, or the culture you allow will determine how and - maybe someday - if you are allowed to exist.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Sometimes it’s best to stop searching for your passion. Instead, follow your curiosity and see where it leads.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams|Awareness is everything. Hallie once pointed out to me that people worry a lot more about the eternity *after* their deaths than the eternity that happened before they were born. But it's the same amount of infinity, rolling out in all directions from where we stand.
Orhan Pamuk, The Naive and the Sentimental Novelist|There is no ME without books; they’re everything I remember from childhood, from maturity … All that’s happened to me has been coloured, permanently, by my reading.
Helen Goldie, Nell of Whitemoss: You Are Never Alone|Ten thousand people were baptized in the Han river in Seoul, Korea. Imagine! 10,000 people giving their lives to Christ at one time! I will never forget it! ----I felt that the constant prayers of the Korean people had made the difference. I think we in the west should take prayer more seriously.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|Certainly I believe that God gave us life for happiness, not misery. Humanity, I am sure, will never be made lazy or indifferent by an excess of happiness. Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. Happiness should be a means of accomplishment, like health, not an end in itself.
Lara Biyuts|Every kingdom has three pillars: Poet, Sword and Law.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|But apart from these lazinesses of logic, what makes the story so tired is the failure of the writer to reach for anything but the nearest cliche'. "Shouldered his way," "only to be met," "crashing into his face," "waging a lonely war," "corruption that is rife," "sending shock waves," "New York's finest," - these dreary phrases constitute writing at its most banal. We know just what to expect. No surprise awaits us in the form of an unusual word, an oblique look. We are in the hands of a hack, and we know it right away, We stop reading.
Lauren Myracle, The Infinite Moment of Us|It might be harder than you imagined it to be -- it might take longer -- but you can change things, Marik. Your life is significant. As low as you are . . . there is only room to rise. But you have to let go.
Dee Williams|My friends stood on the ground two feet below me, and miles away from understanding why I would want to sleep on a trailer platform... I couldn't possibly begin to explain what was only beginning to bud inside me: I wanted a home. I wanted to be at home, in the world and in my body (a feeling I had been missing since I'd woken up in the hospital) and somehow, in some as yet undefined way, I knew that windows in the great room and a skylight over my bed were going to help with that.
M. James Airey|we take some big miracles for granted. We're on a planet that's spinning at a thousand miles per hour, traveling through space and we don't worry about God keeping our planet in orbit. We already trust God for the big miracles like our heart beating and today alone, we'll take a thousand breaths, but can we trust Him in the smaller things?
Jane Goodall|The last thing I wanted was to be with someone who's the same age as me and wanted the limelight, wanted the attention. There's lots of girls out there who do.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your thought determines your mood and to a great extent, your mood determines your thought, though sometimes it is hard to determine someone’s thought by the mood of the person! When the mind changes, something change! When the mind changes, the face changes! Change your mind and see!
Ben Fountain|I started getting into Internet technologies and computers. I wasn't especially interested in being a musician, but I wound up finding my way back to being interested in music through computers.
Dante Ferretti|In L.A., cinema and television might be seen as more interesting places for architecture than ever before.
|Be the best representation of your true positive self, because people will always have something to say no matter how you choose to live your life. So you might as well live your life the best possible way that makes you happy.
Bill  McKenzie|How do you fill the space between, "God says it," and, "I believe it,"?
Murray N. Rothbard|There is a legitimate argument over whether the death penalty effectively deters violent crime, although my personal observation is that not one of the criminals who have been executed over the years has ever killed again.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|Evil isn't born...Neither is purity. Because even as newborns, there is something wrong inside of all of us bound to spring up and activate itself within us.
Millard Fuller|They (economists) must set aside their contempt for other disciplines and their absurd claim to greater scientific legitimacy, despite the fact that they know almost nothing about anything.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|I met an Invalid, and fell for his art. He showed me his smile, and went straight for my heart.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|You have to love and respect your body, just as you must love and respect your soul, before you can truly love and respect the bodies and souls of those you care for. Of course the body itself is no matter to Heaven for the same reason that matter is no matter. Your gluten and your gluttonous maximus are a corporeal issue. Only your gluttony is an affair of the soul.
Claire North, The Sudden Appearance of Hope|Publishers and advertisers can't differentiate between the types of impressions an ad does on a site. A perusing reader is no better than an accidental reader. An article that provides worthwhile advice is no more valuable than one instantly forgotten. So long as the page loads and the ads are seen, both sides are fulfilling their purpose. A click is a click.
Amy Plum, Die for Me|I can't promise you an ordinary experience, Kate. I wish I could transform myself into a normal man and be there for you, always, without the trauma that defines my life as "the walking dead." Since that isn't possible, I can only reassure you that I will do everything in my power to make it up to you. To give you more than a normal boyfriend could. I have no idea what that will mean, exactly, but I'm looking forward to finding out. With you.
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|If the chick is not able to break the shell of his egg, he will die without being born. We are - chick. The world - is our egg. If we do not break the shell of the world, then we will die without being born
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|The United States media is advocating for the country to go to battle with Spain and take over Cuba and Puerto Rico to gain advantage over the Atlantic,” said Manuel. “They have swayed public opinion. I would not be surprised that the countries go into war, and we are caught in the middle.
Manprit Kaur|God is constantly Creating, Experiencing, Witnessing, De-constructing, and Expanding. God is everything and everyone – that’s the realm where we don’t exist at all. That’s the realm where there’s none, but One
Anne F. Rockwell, Only Passing Through|When evil rules a time and place, certain good people are called upon to tell the truth to those who don't want to hear it.
Deepak Chopra, The Return of Merlin|I am not plain, or average or - God forbid - vanilla. I am peanut butter rocky road with multicolored sprinkles, hot fudge and a cherry on top.
Tamara  Allen, Whistling in the Dark|Jack hadn’t thought of love as a promise before—a promise that, even when the world was falling down around him, would stay kept. But without Sutton saying a word, he knew that there would be comfort when he couldn’t sleep tonight. And tomorrow and the day after, there would be a home to go to, even if it was no more than a pair of arms around him and a head tucked close to his in the darkness.
Dan Wells, Ruins|In truth, Serenus, I have for a long time been silently asking myself to what I should liken such a condition of mind, and I can find nothing that so closely approaches it as the state of those who, after being released from a long and serious illness, are sometimes touched with fits of fever and slight disorders, and, freed from the last traces of them, are nevertheless disquieted with mistrust, and, though now quite well, stretch out their wrist to a physician and complain unjustly of any trace of heat in their body. It is not, Serenus, that these are not quite well in body, but that they are not quite used to being well; just as even a tranquil sea will show some ripple, particularly when it has just subsided after a storm. What you need, therefore, is not any of those harsher measures which we have already left behind, the necessity of opposing yourself at this point, of being angry with yourself at that, of sternly urging yourself on at another, but that which comes last -confidence in yourself and the belief that you are on the right path, and have not been led astray by the many cross- tracks of those who are roaming in every direction, some of whom are wandering very near the path itself. But what you desire is something great and supreme and very near to being a god - to be unshaken. 
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you stop learning, you soon forget what you already know.
Debasish Mridha|An innovator sees things not as they are, but as they could be.
|There's nothing in life you can't accomplish, it's yours to have to be accomplished!
Chad B. Hanson|Life, relationships and success is not for compromise.
Carl Sandburg|To work hard, to live hard, to die hard, and then go to hell after all would be too damn hard.
Darien Cox, Victim of Love|Sometimes, in order to achieve our goals, we have to change ourselves. Sometimes we have to change ourselves just to survive. We might worry that we’re becoming an entirely different person. But this is often what’s required to move on to the place we want to be.If the goal is passion, the kind of passion that leads to love, you can pretty much guarantee that the journey is going to change you. But the one thing that never changes is the heart. And since the heart wants what the damn heart wants, be prepared to probably get the shit kicked out of you for a while to make it happen.But if you can hold tight and white-knuckle the turbulence, it’s usually a worthwhile trip.Because the destination is fucking fabulous.
Glenn Doman, How to Teach Your Baby Math|The more you test him, the slower he will learn and the less he'll want to do. The less you test him, the quicker he will learn and the more he'll want to learn. Knowledge is the most precious gift you can give your child. Give it as generously as you give him food.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|Itâ€™s tough, but if you want to survive, sometimes you have to do the seemingly impossible.
Franco Santoro|Healing takes place when grievances are given ample and patient space to be acknowledged, when there is transparency and honesty, when everybody is given the chance to be heard, when nobody is excluded, when people can accept the energy of the conflict and use it as a major opportunity for growth.
Chris Hodges, Fresh Air: Trading Stale Spiritual Obligation for a Life-Altering, Energizing, Experience-It-Everyday Relationship with God|If your attitude is one of gratefully searching for God’s truth & goodness in any situation, it will change your life.
Makoto Shinkai|I want you to forget what i told you earlier, I... I couldnt love someone like you. I hate you. I thought it the second i saw you in the park. You were just poison! Drinking bear in the morning, quoting some stupid tanka to me!You listening to other people talking all day just so you never have to reveal a thing about yourself! You knew who I was, I was just a kid! What were you thinking whats wrong with you?! If i'd know who you were I wouldnt have told you a thing about me or my dreams. You dont think I can do it! You dont think ill ever amount to anything! What is that why you didnt say anything to me? You though maybe you'd humor the little kid? Endulge his fantasies for a little while! Just string him along? Just say it ill never measure up to my dreams! You knew from the beggining you coul have just admitted it! But you played along. So tell me god damnit! Tell me that little kids should run along to school! Tell me that you hate me! Say it! Come on listener say something for a change! You loser! Its because you act like that. You never say what's important! You act like it's non of your buisness! You've been living your whole life alone!
Susan Sontag|Time eventually positions most photographs, even the most amateurish, at the level of art.
Uzoma Ezeson|Never a horse that can’t be rode and never a rider that can’t be throwed. (I’ll pass this off as my own, but I really stole it from my father, a cowboy and rodeo rider in his younger years.)
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|We always look for operators with a combination of guts, passion and genius.
Ariel Howland|Why is it that the Alpha females are crazy?"Meryn shrugged. "She made sense to me."Colton turned to Meryn. "You also set Aiden's car on fire when he ignored you."Amelia looked at Meryn. "Sounds reasonable."Meryn grinned. "I know, right?
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|Can the water in the valleys ever stop and rest?When the water finally reaches the sea, it becomes great waves.
Sunday Adelaja|By having the Holy Spirit inside us, we can spread the Kingdom of God wherever we go
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Your Signature Sound. In music, voice value is categorized for singers, composers, and listeners. Whether a performer’s voice type is soprano, alto, tenor, baritone, or bass, they all have unique characteristics that make them unique and impressive. You, too, have a signature sound that is uniquely yours and makes you stand apart from the crowd.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
Isa Zapata|Dreams and goals must come from the heart, not fom ego,
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|Religion is also a process of healing, I discovered – a healing of the soul. Even our language points to this relation. The words ‘holy’, ‘wholesome’ and ‘healing’ all have the same root. (In German, this is even more striking: heilig, heil and heilen.) Muslims believe that all humans are born in a state of purity, our fitra, and it is only in the course of our lives that we tarnish our soul through bad habits and wrong behaviour. Through spiritual practices such as prayer, recitation of Quran and dhikr we can cleanse these acquired ‘black spots’ in our soul and return towards our original primordial nature. More so, dhikr is said to enliven the heart.
Jason Statham|My parents did divorce, but my dad has always been present for me and loving me and my mom as well when she was alive.
Patton Oswalt|Fear the vulture, and the vulture will come. Fear nothing, and you are the vulture.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|I never thought it would get this bad. I never thought the Reestablishment would take things so far. They're incinerating culture, the beauty of diversity. The new citizens of our world will be reduced to nothing but numbers, easily interchangeable, easily removable, easily destroyed for disobedience.We have lost our humanity.
Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, Red Riding Hood|Stubble or what?"  Eyes still closed he chuckled. "I'm not shaving until our parents let us date again."  He kissed my cheek. "What if it takes... a... while?"  I asked struggling to talk. He'd made his way down to my neck. His tongue circled there slowly. "There are only six or seven weeks until August football practice starts right?"  "Hm." His mouth moved up my neck toward my ear. Oh. "Will you be able to stuff your beard into your helmet?" I croaked. In answer he put his lips on my ear. I forgot the next joke I'd planned to make and lost myself in Adam.
Felix Wantang|As a spiritual leader, you are here to serve; not to be served. Stop robbing the poor. Jesus came to serve.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|The surest guide to the correctness of the path that women take is joy in the struggle. Revolution is the festival of the oppressed. For a long time there may be no perceptible reward for women other than their new sense of purpose and integrity. Joy does not mean riotous glee, but it does mean the purposive employment of energy in a self-chosen enterprise. It does mean pride and confidence. It does mean communication and cooperation with others based on delight in their company and your own. To be emancipated from helplessness and need and walk freely upon the earth that is your birthright. To refuse hobbles and deformity and take possession of your body and glory in its power, accepting its own laws of loveliness. To have something to desire, something to make, something to achieve, and at last something genuine to give. To be freed from guilt and shame and the tireless self-discipline of women. To stop pretending and dissembling, cajoling and manipulating, and begin to control and sympathize. To claim the masculine virtues of magnanimity and generosity and courage. It goes much further than equal pay for equal work, for it ought to revolutionise the conditions of work completely. It does not understand the phrase 'equality of opportunity', for it seems that the opportunities will have to be utterly changed and women's souls changed so that they desire opportunity instead of shrinking from it.
Evan Ricafort|If you want to attain some heights in your life, you have to walk every minute.
Henna Sohail|We are a product of the choices we make, not the circumstances that we face.
Janet Street-Porter|I myself was a wedding photographer when I was, like, 16.
Francois Fenelon|I love music videos, I really do. I think it's kind of sad that it's a dying art form.
St. John Morris, The Bizarre Letters of St John Morris|On the other side of St John’s house is a fake egg timer who can’t maintain an erection. He shares the property with a glossy beef burger called Tom, who has been painted by a seven year old magistrate in order to be entered for this year’s Miss East Lancashire competition. Next door to them is a Dundee cake with a lisp.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|If you feel like a nearly-drowned rat that’s been dragged through the mud, all twisted up inside your mother’s borrowed, prized quilt, having been tossed about by gale force winds that managed to entangle you in barbed wire one-thousand miles from your goal in the middle of a hot, barren nowhere void of any basic necessities―then congratulations! You’re no observer but an actual participant in the game of life! Stand up and keep living.
Charlaine Harris|You think that it’s not magic that keeps you alive? Just ‘cause you understand the mechanics of how something works, doesn’t make it any less of a miracle. Which is just another word for magic. We’re all kept alive by magic, Sookie. My magic’s just a little different from yours, that’s all.
If I Wake|The more happiness you put out into the world, the more will find its way back to you. If I can make one person’s day better because of my actions, it’s been a good day for everyone
Arnold Weinstein, Morning, Noon, and Night: Growing Up and Growing Old with Literature|We are stripped of all that gave value and substance to our existence: power and love; in this naked final state, our last lover, our mate, death, comes. Bereft, without cover, we face the elements that will undo us. The winter breakers crash over and through us, flaunting their vigor and our nullity, as if the entire cosmos were now taking its ultimate revenge on the human creature who has lived too long: the dying sun mocks us from the west, for it will return tomorrow to die again, but we go down only once; the rising sun mocks us from the east, for we will not share in the rebirth of light and life; the noonday taunts us with its heat and vitality, for we are detritus; the north finally cloaks us in our last vestments: eternal night. That is how it ends.
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading 2|While you were out JUDGING others, you left your closet door open...and guess what fell out!....Ooops
Anthony Liccione|When I say Be Perfect - it means BE AUTHENTICALLY YOURSELF in expressing your feelings, without any external interference!
Yash Gupta|Women divided by ego and united by gossip ,Men divided by women and united by beer
Yahtzee Croshaw|When I look closely at dairy, I see the hurtful exploitation of specifically female bodies so that some people can enjoy sensual pleasures of consumption while others enjoy the psychological pleasure of collecting profits from the exertions of somebody else's body. Cows are forcibly impregnated, dispossessed of their children, and then painfully robbed of the milk produced by their bodies for those children. No wonder I didn't want to see my complicity! Most women don't consciously perceive the everyday violence against girls and women that permeates and structures our society. How much harder it is, then, to see the gendered violence against nonhuman animals behind the everyday items on the grocery store shelf. When we, as women, partake of that violence, we participate in sexism even as we enjoy the illusory benefits of speciesism. No wonder a glimpse of the sexist violence behind my breakfast cereal left me dizzy.
Stephen Richards|Become your own success story, not someone else's.
Saravana Kumar Murugan, Coffee Date|Relationship and relations, two different ends, very difficult to meet their needs.
Dominique Wilson, That Devil's Madness|She kept hoping something would change, but she knew she'd lost him to a world she could never be part of. So instead she pretended.Pretended to be strong.Pretended everything was alright.Pretended for Michael, for herself, but most of all for Willow. Because Willow loved Michael, and he, her – that much was obvious
Debasish Mridha|If there is any god, then love is his religion and love is his prayer.
Koren Zailckas, Fury: A Memoir|My boyfriends have all been as stoical as queen's guards. They'd been patient, committed, and dispassionate, and I'd had to really debase myself to extract any emotion, either grin or grimace, from them.
Donatella Versace|Women are all the same; we want to be smaller in the waist, longer legs, slimmer. I design for women and their defects, to make them better.
Sally Schneider|If your mother cooks Italian food, why should you go to a restaurant?
Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain|His vision was religious and clean, and therefore his paintings were without decoration or superfluous comment, since a religious man respects the power of God's creation to bear witness for itself.
William Shakespeare, All's Well That Ends Well|Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Gilles Marini|It's a beautiful thing, diving into the cool crisp water and then just sort of being able to pull your body through the water and the water opening up for you.
Debasish Mridha|You are the creator of your thoughts, thoughts create your actions, and actions create you.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|Life rises out of death, death rises out of life; in being opposite they yearn to each other, they give birth to each other and are forever reborn. And with them, all is reborn, the flower of the apple tree, the light of the stars. In life is death. In death is rebirth. What then is life without death? Life unchanging, everlasting, eternal?-What is it but death-death without rebirth?
Kimberly Morgan, On Angels and Rabbit Holes|Wherever the kingdom of God extends to, the atmosphere of heaven is established
Mehmet Murat ildan|An idea can destroy the mind of a human being, twist it into a dark path of destruction and illness. But only the human can destroy the mind with a bullet to the soul. Ideas do not kill people; they ruin them. People kill people.
Charles Duhigg|I remember the first time I saw the 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' video. I will never forget that day. I just wanted to see Kurt Cobain's face. I had a feeling he was very cute. But, I couldn't see his face. When I finally did see him, he was even cuter than I imagined!
Sam Harris, Lying|The truth is not what it seems, but what it is.
Eric Johnson|'Bond' was like Christmas: can't wait for it to come around. Being in the films brought me to a global audience, and I have had the opportunity to meet incredible people.
Maurice Blanchot, The Space of Literature|The central point of the work of art is the work as origin, the point which cannot be reached, yet the only one which is worth reaching.
Deyth Banger|Over the years of the Cultural Revolution, I was to witness people being attacked for saying "thank you" too often, which was branded as "bourgeois hypocrisy"; courtesy was on the brink of extinction.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|There are different categories of madmen, and different types of asylums! I know absolutely nothing about the asylums that house the madman who thinks he is a space man. Would you believe that 90% of madmen are treated in outside clinics?
Bill Watterson, The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes|As far as I'm concerned, if something is so complicated that you can't explain it in 10 seconds, then it's probably not worth knowing anyway.
Maurice Chevalier|I conclude, therefore, that this star is not some kind of comet or a fiery meteor... but that it is a star shining in the firmament itself one that has never previously been seen before our time, in any age since the beginning of the world.
Grace Paley, Just As I Thought|I finally understood that I didn’t lack pen and paper but my ownmemorizing mind. It had been given away with a hundred poems, calledrote learning, old-fashioned, backward, an enemy of creative thinking,a great human gift disowned.
Eleanor Roosevelt, You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life|Time and time again when I talk to individuals about approaching love with will and intentionality, I hear the fear expressed that this will bring an end to romance. This is simply not so. Approaching romantic love from foundation of care, knowledge, and respect actually intensifies romance.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You cannot use food to settle your emotional problem, you cannot use the food and make a deal with your emotion, sometimes you need to set your plates backward to settle your emotional issues. Don’t let the devil fool you with the thinking that drinking excessive alcohol or eating without control will change your situation or anything that is going on around you, it can only complicate your issue by destroying your own body.
Steven LaVey, Shorts|It’s our version of a black hole. Just like amply compact mass can distort space and time to cause a black hole, a sufficiently dense breach of discipline in our office causes a black hole that sucks the offender away for eternity, never to spit back!
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Because I did not understand the difference between meaning and happiness, I did not appreciate that life could be meaningful without being happy. I didn’t understand that meaning and happiness are occasionally opposed, such that the self-sacrifice that yields meaning may come at the cost of the very things on which happiness most depends. I erroneously assumed that if I were unhappy then my life lacked significance.
Soren kierkagaard|A Christian sees all men as made in the image of God. All are sinners too, which means that the image is marred, but it is a divine image nonetheless, capable of redemption and therefore to be held in honor.
Max von Sydow|I believe happiness is a chemical imbalance - it's a silly thing to strife for. But satisfaction - if you seek satisfaction, you can succeed. Satisfaction is knowing that you're doing the best that you can do; you're living your life to the fullest.
Robert E. Lee|I have learned that raising children is the single most difficult thing in the world to do. It takes hard work, love, luck, and a lot of energy, and it is the most rewarding experience that you can ever have.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Diana Nyad|People get devalued in Hollywood when they age, despite all their efforts to stay relevant and beautiful and young. They can't get jobs anymore.
Olivia Fox Cabane, The Charisma Myth: Master the Art of Personal Magnetism|When a person feels appreciated for their infinite and absolute value, you can then communicate about any issue and you will have their cooperation and respect.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|But Phoebe loved her mother best as she was now, wistful, out-of-step, her laugh tinged always with sadness, as if things were only funny in spite of themselves.
W.H. Auden|I love you, Emma, to the moon and stars,” he whispered as his sobs ebbed.“I love you beyond the moon and all its glory. I love you brighter than the stars could ever burn in the sky, brat,” I answered back.
Winston S. Churchill|This paper, by its very length, defends itself from ever being read.
Regina Spektor|You held me down, but I got upHey!Alrighty brushing off the dust You hear my voice You hear that soundLike thunder gonna shake the ground-Roar
Sarah Ockler, The Book of Broken Hearts|Unlike the ancients, modern man does not see Mother Earth as some kind of goddess like Gaia, the ancestral mother of all life in Greek mythology. He has de–mythicized her, reduced her to an object, a specimen, to be studied by scientists and exploited by corporations for profit.
Elizabeth Langston|I am aware that true miracles, things unexplained by human reason, can only occur when Jesus does them.
Atul Purohit|I'm gonna sit around here, stay away from there I'm gonna make pretend I just don't care. I could get up, go get her back or maybe I'll just let her go.Something beyond Love...lines from Love Vs Destiny...
Joe Haldeman|We know the Republicans are happy to keep the country in the dark, and if we Democrats are to recapture the power necessary to assert our values, we must find the energy, courage, creativity and unity to map out a brighter day for the people we sincerely want to serve.
Yatin Patel|We, Seth, Emperor of Azania, Chief of the Chiefs of Sakuyu, Lord of Wanda and Tyrant of the Seas, Bachelor of the Arts of Oxford University, being in this the twenty-fourth year of our life, summoned by the wisdom of Almighty God and the unanimous voice of our people to the throne of our ancestors, do hereby proclaim...
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|the truth she gathered, enlarging her strength, enlarged likewise the composure that comes of strength.
Peggy Noonan, John Paul the Great: Remembering a Spiritual Father|She had no need in her heart for either book or magazine. She had her own way of escape, her own passage into contentment: her rosary. That string of white beads, the tiny links worn in a dozen places and held together by strands of white thread which in turn broke regularly, was, bead for bead, her quiet flight out of the world. Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. And Maria began to climb. Bead for bead, life and living fell away. Hail Mary, Hail Mary. Dream without sleep encompassed her. Passion without flesh lulled her. Love without death crooned the melody of belief. She was away: she was free; she was no longer Maria, American or Italian, poor or rich, with or without electric washing machines and vacuum cleaners; here was the land of all-possessing. Hail Mary, Hail Mary, over and over, a thousand and a hundred thousand times, prayer upon prayer, the sleep of the body, the escape of the mind, the death of memory, the slipping away of pain, the deep silent reverie of belief. Hail Mary and Hail Mary. It was for this that she lived.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You must build and develop a greater force on the inside of you, in this way, you will be able to speak and stand against ungodliness and injustice in the land.
Osho, The Empty Boat: Talks on the Sayings of Chuang Tzu|Don't die a pauper, don't die a commoner and a weakling.
Tony Vigorito, Nine Kinds of Naked|Science is implausible to untutored human common sense, but that in no way casts doubt on the correctness of well-established scientific findings. Feelings of transcendence are simply that—feelings—and, as such, have no capacity to reveal truths about a world external to the people who have them.
Mark Epstein, The Trauma of Everyday Life|[The Buddha] is not dividing himself into worthy and unworthy pieces; he is one being, indivisible, immune from the tendency to double back and beat up on himself. He has seen the worst in himself and not been taken down.
Immanuel Kant|In every department of physical science there is only so much science, properly so-called, as there is mathematics.
Paramahansa Yogananda|The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you think you know, just as you know less than you want to know.
Amelia E. Barr|Don’t fail through defects of temper and over-sensitiveness at moments of trial. One of the great helps to success is to be cheerful; to go to work with a full sense of life; to be determined to put hindrances out of the way; to prevail over them and to get the mastery. Above all things else, be cheerful; there is no beatitude for the despairing.
Gary North|We have not invaded anyone. We have not conquered anyone. We have not grabbed their land, their culture, their history and tried to enforce our way of life on them.
Joseph Campbell|The biblical counselor must always remember that the ROOT problem is deeper than skin; it is sin. The ultimate cure is not culture, but Christ.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Genius is when you strike a chord accidently, and the ensuing music is beyond your control
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|There is a story I always tell my students...when I came for the 1st time to the US. I didn’t speak English (Only Spanish) & I saw on every door the word “exit” which in Spanish means Success = Exito. And then I said :”No wonder Americans are winners ,every door they open leads to success
Jan Porter, "Soul Skin, Woman have you had enough?" fiction by; Jan Porter|As we come into balance within ourselves and the all that is, we balance the past, future and our Earth.
Elizabeth George, Loving God with All Your Mind|Have you ever come out of a dramatic, chaotic situation and said, “I did everything I could, and it wasn’t enough?”That’s because “everything we can” isn’t enough. It’s only enough when our everything joins with Christ’s everything.
Friedrich Nietzsche, A Nietzsche Reader|Yet tell me, my brothers: if a goal for humanity is still lacking, is there not still lacking--humanity itself?
G.S. Jennsen, Transcendence: Aurora Rising Book Three|They were more than partners, more than brothers; they were very nearly the same person.
Jacob Rothschild|My advice to young wrestlers is that your surroundings really make a difference. You want to put yourself in good, positive surroundings.
Ardianto sony|People's character will be revealed in difficult situations, whether they are a loser or a winner.
Alain de Botton|When I accept myself, I am freed from the burden of needing you to accept me.
David Elliott|You're creating an intimacy that everybody feels, that it's their experience, not yours. I'll never introduce a song and say, now this song is about 'my' broken heart.
Jeanette Winterson|Writers are not here to conform. We are here to challenge. We're not here to be comfortable—we're here, really, to shake things up. That's our job.
Kelly Slater|The object of my relationship with Vietnam has been to heal the wounds that exist, particularly among our veterans, and to move forward with a positive relationship,... Apparently some in the Vietnamese government don't want to do that and that's their decision.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|The Talmud says that “blessed is He who has created all these to serve me.” German politician Julius Streicher said, “It is an open secret that Jews do not work, but rather let others work for them.
Rob Liano|Everyone has baggage, maybe we should help each other carry it.
Jessica Shirvington|Before I saw you, I hadn’t cared for anyone for . . . well, for the good part of a century, and it felt like my heart had been permanently disconnected. I wasn’t even looking anymore. And without expecting anything . . . without any hope at all, suddenly you were here.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.
Tennessee Williams, Collected Stories|Survival," I said softly. "It's selfish, and it's dark, and we've always been a species willing to do anything to satisfy our needs. Individuals have morals. Mobs have appetites.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Forgiving: The Fourfold Path for Healing Ourselves and Our World|When you set out to change the world, the job seems insurmountable, but each of us can do his or her small part to effect change. We change the world when we choose to create a world of forgiveness in our own hearts and minds.
Sarah Thornton, Seven Days in the Art World|The whole point of religious faith, its strength and chief glory, is that it does not depend on rational justification. The rest of us are expected to defend our prejudices. But ask a religious person to justify their faith and you infringe 'religious liberty'.
Devon Michael, Hollo|People don’t like to guess. It’s easier to know something by how it immediately appears. Dark, hard metal is known as it appears, and so dark, hard people are built from it. Marble is smooth and pale and bright like the faces chipped into it. But that’s something about life, what you think you know about a thing is always the first obstacle you face when trying to get to know it better. If they could speak, do you think they’d all be the same?
Jo Dereske, Glom Gloom|Who knows what's for true once a time is past? There's no way to prove how something was that's gone. And if a time is gone, what does it matter? It's all rain into rivers now.
John J. Geddes|In solitude, you listen to the sacred voice.
Shannon Hale, Once Upon a Time: A Story Collection|Fortune-teller tea. Give it a sip!"The liquid was pink and smelled of strawberries, but when Maddie drank it, the flavor was deep and a little bitter, followed by a sudden burst of sweetness.Her father returned. "Well?" he asked."It started out as black licorice and then melted into butterscotch," she said."Oh, my girl, the tea is telling you that this is the year to keep your ear to the ground and listen for surprises. Change is coming!"Maddie's stomach was full of thoughts and her head full of butterflies. She checked her watch again. She couldn't wait for it all to begin.
David Gemmell, Fall of Kings|Old age is not as honorable as death, but most people seek it.
Walker Percy, The Moviegoer|Lonnie's monotonous speech gives him an advantage, the same advantage foreigners have: his words are not worn out. It is like a code tapped through a wall. Sometimes he asks me straight out: do you love me? and it is possible to tap back: yes, I love you.
Shakira|At the age of eight, I discovered that I could write songs. My dad used to take them to the notary and register them so that nobody could steal them from me.
Mike A. Lancaster, Human.4|In this sleepless night, as the darkness advances, look up at the sky and somehow remember that somewhere in this wide world, there are always people who love you, and people who need you. Because every person can't go on living alone.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|The formula I've figured out: Stop being so damn picky and let go of the mental image of an ideal; talk to more strangers, because it builds confidence and helps you feel more connected; be open to every opportunity, and when you do meet someone you like, keep dating around. And there's the mother of all lessons-the one I'm still working on: follow your instincts and even if you're wrong about him (or her), you'll know better for the next time.
Priyavrat Thareja|If she fully embraced life with all its conflicts, she would suffer a breakdown.
Subodh Gupta, Stress Management a Holistic Approach|In our environment,we have answers for almost every question we have,it depends on how sincerely we seek them.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Look at this leaf. When you’re standing close to it you can see every single detail of the leaf. You may think that it’s important to see things, like this leaf, up close but that is an incorrect notion because it is also important to view things from afar. That’s why it is necessary to look at all perspectives of an issue or of an object. --The Unnamed Samurai (Chapter 5)
Piper Kerman, Orange Is the New Black|I know a little bit about trying to do the right thing and fucking up completely." I added."You talking about mom?" Ben said"I was talking about me.""You could have been talking about all of us. Ben pressed his hand against the glass and my brother and I matched palms.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Caine's Law|Maybe someday, if I succeed at something, I'll stop saying, "It isn't fair" about everything else.
Robert Hobkirk, Tommy in the Promised Land|The apartments had probably been built back in the 70’s when the country was going through some ugly social times. Maybe the country was going through its adolescent phase and breaking out with a bad case of social acne. Cheesy professors were running around the country proclaiming “turn on, tune in, drop out.” A mean-spirited drunk from LA was cranking out poems about the low-life and reaching for another beer out of the refrigerator on stage as part of his performance. The porn industry was in its golden era. People proclaiming their individuality and uniqueness were all dressed the same. Mothers thought they were educating their kids by letting them watch Sesame Street, but they were just turning their kids into TV junkies and a future generation of pudding heads with blank faces ready to believe anything on the lamestream media. The Vietnam War eventually came to an end after Laos was clustered bombed, which had nothing to do with ending the war. Dominoes didn’t fall. A new war memorial went out for bid. Some crazy scientist found a way to make clothes out of chemicals - polyester. Dwarfs found their favorite hangout - the disco. The whole country seemed to be dancing to the disco beat, hypnotized by the flashing strobe lights off the big, shiny ball.
Noah Benshea, Jacob the Baker: Gentle Wisdom For a Complicated World|Oh ... why not?' he smiled. "This valley is a pleasant spot for meditation. I like New England... it is here that I have experienced some of my greatest successes - and several notable defeats. Defeat, you know, is not such a bad thing, if there's not too much of it... it makes for humility, and humility makes for caution, therefore for safety.' ("Trace")
Jennifer M Zeiger|A few steps into the trees, you glance back to see the snow has already covered your prints.
Derrick Sanderson|He had been a demon for just two days, but the time when he knew what it was like to be loved seemed to exist in a hazily recalled past, to have been left behind long ago.
Roz Savage|There has been a banking crisis, a financial crisis, an economic crisis, a social crisis, a geostrategic crisis and an environmental crisis. That's considerable in a country that's used to being protected.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The central attitudes driving the Player are:Women were put on this earth to have sex with men—especially me.Women who want sex are too loose, and women who refuse sex are too uptight. (!)It’s not my fault that women find me irresistible. (This is a word-for-word quotation from a number of my clients.) It’s not fair to expect me to refuse temptation when it’s all around me; women seduce me sometimes, and I can’t help it.If you act like you need anything from me, I am going to ignore you. I’m in this relationship when it’s convenient for me and when I feel like it.Women who want the nonsexual aspects of themselves appreciated are bitches.If you could meet my sexual needs, I wouldn’t have to turn to other women.
Vishwanath S J|Love" is a brilliant defying logic that thrives on human weaknesses!
Steve Goodier|I'll never have to give an account for not being more like my favorite celebrity, that shining star in my chosen field or anybody else. And at the end of my life, the question I never want to be asked is, "How come you weren't more like YOU? You had such great potential. You were a wholly unique person -- unrepeatable and irreplaceable. Why you weren't more like YOU?
Al Gore|I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|At Garvin High we were dealt a hard dose of reality this year. People hate. That's our reality. People hate and are hated and carry grudges and want punishments ... I don't know if it's possible to take hate away from people. Not even people like us, who've seen firsthand what hate can do. We're all hurting. We're all going to be hurting for a long time. And we, probably more than anyone else out there, will be searching for a new reality every day. A better one ... But in order to change reality you have to be willing to listen and to learn. And to hear. To actually hear.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Some situations are just like bad dreams, they're only unbearable while we're giving them our full attention.
D.S. Mixell|Although I understand that all days are equal with 24 hours each, most of us agree that Friday is the longest day of the week and Sunday the shortest!
Paul Collier, The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries Are Failing and What Can Be Done About It|Rebels usually have something to complain about, and if they don't they make it up. All too often the really disadvantaged are in no position to rebel; they just suffer quietly.
Jean-Paul Sartre|No lying knight or lying priest ever prospered in any age, but especially not in the dark ones. Men prospered then only in following an openly declared purpose, and preaching candidly beloved and trusted creeds.
Jennifer Aniston|I don't know what I would have done without believing in God. His support gives me power and energy to continue to be optimistic, to smile, not to be depressed. Sometimes, if things are not going so well, I don't cry. I say maybe it's meant to be.
Scott Joffe|True wealth isn't measured by what you have making you happy, true wealth is measured by being happy with what you have.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many parents preach to their children but do not set good examples. Parents want the children to do as they say, not as they do.
Sarah Dessen|Too many locks, not enough keys.
Christina Carson, Where It Began: Book One: Accidents of Birth Trilogy|The person who will make you feel different, who will tell you about your imperfections, who will show you and will let you experience the things you've thought that only exist in your dreams, can be happiness and or sadness.Yes they are real, the person that you have love for a long time in your mind is living here on earth he/she might come and enter your life anytime and at any place.What matters is treasure him/her/them and let them be part of your breathtaking life.
Horace|You can have no oath registered in heaven to destroy the Government  while I shall have the most solemn one to "preserve  protect  and defend" it.
Thomas Ligotti|You presume to name those who have no name. We are pandemonium and disaster. We are the dancing, gibbering horror of the world.
Thucydides|We need to let the referee's sole thing be to protect the quarterback and get those late hits out of there. They even have a stat on television that says 'knockdowns.' Knockdowns means that you knock him down after he throws the ball. The assumption is, if it's legal, we'll make excuses for them.
Cheryl Zelenka|God cherises praises , admires thanksgiving and embraces prayer .
William H. Hooks, The Ballad of Belle Dorcas|I have mo prejudice against the Southern people... They are just what we would ben in their situation. If slavery did not now exits amongst them, they wld not inrtoduce it. If it did now exist amongst us, we should not instantly give it up... I surely will not blame them for not doing what I should not know how to do myself. (p52)
Phyllis Diller|Money may kindle, but it cannot by itself, and for very long, burn.
Leif Garrett|A vibrant civil society can challenge those in power by documenting corruption or uncovering activities like the murder of political enemies. In democracies, this function is mostly performed by the media, NGOs or opposition parties.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|...You, you look -- bien -- exactly what you were, a high-ranking British officer, used to unwavering obedience and with the air of a Greek god, gazing down on us mere mortals.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|When we think of something, we create a mental image of it, and our image is then always filtered through our mental perception. We may meet someone one day when they are in a bad mood, we then make a false assumption that this person does not like us. We have created an image of this person, and now every time we meet them, we associate this person with our negative mental image of them. We don’t interact with them as they are in this moment; we interact with how we think they are.
Sam Shepard|When I was little, my dad used to call me 'Bandarella,' because I was a mess - a Bandar is a monkey in Hindi. I was not a girly-girl and would always break something and would be running around and didn't really fit in.
Tim O'Brien, If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home|Courage is nothing to laugh at, not if it is proper courage and exercised by men who know what they do is proper. Proper courage is wise courage. It's acting wisely, acting wisely when fear would have a man act otherwise. It is the endurance of the soul in spite of fear - wisely.
Bette Davis|When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch.
Alan Moore|The Boy will not be a failure. Mythili knows.She has seen the generations before.The boy will make it.As his father has said,he does not have the option of failure.He will crack atleast one entrance exam,and he will one day have a nice house in a suburb of San Francisco,or in a suburb of a suburb of San Francisco.He will find a cute Tamil Brahmin wife and make her produce two sweet children.He will drive a Toyota Corolla to work.And there,in the conference room of his office,he will tell his small team,with his hands stretched wide in a managerial way,'We must think out of the box
David Hume, Selected Essays|Of all sciences there is none, where first appearances are more deceitful than in politics.
Emily Brontë|In a lot of ways, living with Charlie was like having my own place, and I found myself reveling in the aloneness instead of being lonely.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|I'm so tired I never want to wake up again. But I've figured out now that it was never them that made me feel that way. It was just me, all along.
Gail Carson Levine, Fairest|Climb the day, Drop your dreams, Possess the day.
David Duchovny|I have felt great advances in my poetry, the main one being a growing victory over word nuances and a superfluity of adjectives.
Jason Versey|Love is always the first casualty of a religious war, the second is Truth and the third...Humanity.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Seven Ages: first puking and mewlingThen very pissed-off with your schoolingThen fucks, and then fightsNext judging chaps' rightsThen sitting in slippers: then drooling.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If the Creator stood before a million men with the light of a million lamps, only a few would truly see him because truth is already alive in their hearts. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them. He who does not have Truth in his heart, will always be blind to it.
Anne Deavere Smith|The creation of language is the creation of a fiction. The minute we speak we are in that fiction. It’s a fiction designed, we hope, to reveal a truth. There is no “pure” language. The only “pure language” is the initial sounds of a baby. All of us lose that purity, and as we get more “of” the world, we even lose sometimes the capacity to keep that breath moving in our language.
David Benioff, City of Thieves|The Fascist utopia, like that of the Communists, was false, and generated immense suffering. But there were those who dreamed it sincerely.
Jill Shalvis, Nobody But You|God, you smell good. Your pheromones are a definite mating call to mine.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Love is more abundant than we could possibly imagine. Just like there is more air than we could possibly breathe in, there is more love than we could possibly perceive.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|Making suffering loom larger, by globalizing it, may spur people to feel they ought to "care" more.
Robert Vanleeuwen|Don't aim, listen. Don't run, walk. Don't doubt, Move. Your heart will guide you in the right direction.
H.D., HERmione|Personally I think that grammar is a way to attain Beauty. When you speak, or read, or write, you can tell if you've spoken or read or written a fine sentence. You can recognise a well-tuned phrase or an elegant style. But when you are applying the rules of grammar skilfully, you ascend to another level of the beauty of language. When you use grammar you peel back the layers, to see how it is all put together, to see it quite naked, in a way.
Paul Di Filippo, How To Write Science Fiction|Science fiction at its best should be crazy and dangerous, not sane and safe.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|I read the stories I've been told in my own way and make a narrative of them. Narrative is a chain of links, and I link furiously, merrily hurdling over holes, gaps, and secrets. Nevertheless, I try to remind myself that the holes are there. They are always there, not only in the lives of others but in my own life as well.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|To win the big stakes in this changed world, you must catch the spirit of the great pioneers of the past, whose dreams have given to civilization all that it has of value, the spirit that serves as the life-blood of our own country – your opportunity and mine, to develop and market our talents.
Charles Kennedy|The appalling reality in American politics today is that, when ideology and money mix, truth is a mere inconvenience.
Esi Edugyan|A block of blood should not have the word "cake" after it...they might as well say "shite gateau
Adrian Tan|You might be looking forward to working, falling in love, marrying, raising a family. You are told that you should expect to find a job paying so much, where your hours are so much, where your responsibilities are so much.That is what is expected of you. And if you live up to it, it will be an awful waste.If you expect that, you will be limiting yourself.
Amy King, I'm the Man Who Loves You|DESPITE THE INVENTION OF TIME MACHINES, WE KEEP BEING LINEAR.
William Congreve|I would say that I definitely became much more religious. They say there are no atheists in foxholes, and this stroke put me into a very deep foxhole. Yet that feeling of faith sustained me, so I have no feelings of anger or regret.
Gilda Radner|I'd much rather be a woman than a man. Women can cry, they can wear cute clothes, and they are the first to be rescued off of sinking ships.
Germany Kent|Though no one can backtrack and create a brand new start, Everyone is capable of taking their life in a brand new direction.
Dalai Lama XIV|When you have had nothing most of your life, you learn to appreciate the small things in life. The real challenge is appreciating the small things in life as you start to acquire material things and amassing wealth.Jim Robinson
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Let us keep on dreaming and instead of saying “I wish” and waiting for it to happen, have the courage to say “I will” and make it come true.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|It starts innocently. Casually. You turn up at the annual spring fair full of beans, help with the raffle tickets (because the pretty red-haired music teacher asks you to) and win a bottle of whiskey (all school raffles are fixed), and, before you know where you are, you're turning up at the weekly school council meetings, organizing concerts, discussing plans for a new music department, donating funds for the rejuvenation of the water fountains—you're implicated in the school, you're involved in it. Sooner or later you stop dropping your children at the school gates. You start following them in.
Miguel Syjuco, Ilustrado|Careful, Sandi. You're about to let your bulldog mouth overload your bird-dog bite.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|I head in the direction of the Eiffel Tower when I exit the alley, relieved to be out of the dark.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|She's not here," I tell him. Buttercup hisses again. "She's not here. You can hiss all you like. You won't find Prim." At her name, he perks up. Raises his flattened ears. Begins to meow hopefully. "Get out!" He dodges the pillow I throw at him. "Go away! There's nothing left for you here!" I start to shake, furious with him. "She's not coming back! She's never ever coming back here again!" I grab another pillow and get to my feet to improve my aim. Out of nowhere, the tears begin to pour down my cheeks. "She's dead, you stupid cat. She's dead.
Ed Markey|People finally understood that the role of the social-democratic party rests on its conscious leadership of the mass struggle against the existing society, a struggle that must reckon with the vital, necessary conditions of capitalist society.
Ben Okri|The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible.
Debasish Mridha|Pay great attention to those who love you, and love those who hate you.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|But so often, things of great beauty are full of great corruption.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|The eternal world and the mortal world are not parallel, rather they are fused.
J.Z. Colby, Flight Training & Kibi and the Search for Happiness|As a result of its investigation, the NIH said that to qualify for funding, all proposals for research on human subjects had to be approved by review boards—independent bodies made up of professionals and laypeople of diverse races, classes, and backgrounds—to ensure that they met the NIH’s ethics requirements, including detailed informed consent. Scientists said medical research was doomed. In a letter to the editor of Science, one of them warned, “When we are prevented from attempting seemingly innocuous studies of cancer behavior in humans … we may mark 1966 as the year in which all medical progress ceased.
gaurav rao|Your full of yourself.""Duhh... genetics man.
Roberto Goizueta|What looked safe was not safe. What looked hard and unsafe was probably safer. Anyway, safe was somewhere else in the world.
Louis L'Amour, The Haunted Mesa|This would go a lot easier if you'd stop screaming in pain,' Zoe told the muscular man lying beneath her.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Nescire autem quid antequam natus sis acciderit, id est semper esse puerum. (To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child.)
Amy Jarecki, The Fearless Highlander|God save him, she smelled of a field of roses and tasted sweeter than port wine.	Drawing her hands over her mouth Charlotte gasped. “Hugh. How did we end up on the bed?”	“I think we must have floated,” he whispered.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Without honor, a knight is no more than a common killer. It is better to die with honor than to live without it.
Bono|I am a Christian - but sometimes I feel very removed from Christianity. The Jesus Christ that I believe in was the man who turned over the tables in the temple and threw the money-changers out - substitute T.V. evangelists if you like…why in the West, do we spend so much money on extending the arms race instead of wiping out malaria, which could be eradicated given ten minutes worth of the world's arm budget? To me, we are living in the most un-Christian times. When I see these racketeers, the snake-oil salesmen on these right-winged television stations, asking for not your $20.00, or your $50.00, but your $100.00 in the name of Jesus Christ, I just want to throw up!!
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The sparrows jumped before they knew how to fly, and they learned to fly only because they had jumped
Socrates|Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. 
Lailah Gifty Akita|Man sometimes forget, he will not live forever.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Education is education. We should learn everything and then choose which path to follow." Education is neither Eastern nor Western, it is human.
Cynthia Bourgeault, The Wisdom Jesus: Transforming Heart and Mind|As we actually taste the flavor of what he's teaching, we begin to see that it's not proverbs for daily living, or ways of being virtuous. He's proposing a total meltdown and recasting of human consciousness, bursting through the tiny acorn-selfhood that we arrived on the planet with into the oak tree of our fully realized personhood. He pushes us toward it, teases us, taunts us, encourages us, and ultimately walks us there.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Whatever you are putting out into the universe is going to be returned unto you and have a direct correlation to what you are getting back. In many ways, you are a magnet and manifest accordingly.
Levon Peter Poe|Sometimes in this world, all you have is YOU!Stand strong and tall. No one will do it for you
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Some day, with the last exhaustion, peace will come. It won't be the end of all things to comeEach thing is of like form from everlasting and comes round again in its cycle. Any day stands equal to the rest...will see; not all of the time your on that cycle..you better watch yourself.
Melanie Joy, Why We Love Dogs, Eat Pigs, and Wear Cows: An Introduction to Carnism: The Belief System That Enables Us to Eat Some Animals and Not Others|The dog has seldom been successful in pulling man up to its level of sagacity, but man has frequently dragged the dog down to his.
Plato, Laches|Like the culture that created me, I am receding into the past at a rate of knots. Soon I'll need a whole row of footnotes if anybody under thirty-five is going to comprehend the least thing I say.
David Dobkin|Google the name Prometheus, and see how often it has been given to innovations in many different fields, notably science, medicine and space exploration. The fire he stole can be seen, too, as the spark generating all artistic creativity.
John J. Stephens, The Fire Chronicle|Emotions enthrall, but change, and as such have the ability to disrupt and destroy.
Henri Bergson|The most significant moment in the course of intellectual development, which gives birth to the purely human forms of practical and abstract intelligence, occurs when speech and practical activity, two previously completely independent lines of development, converge.
Balroop Singh|Poetry flows from our hearts. It is like that mass of snow we call a glacier and when it starts its slow movement, it thaws all the icicles, which keep mounting within us, in the hope of receiving the warmth of words.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|Even when I knew people were cheating me, what was important was how I behaved, because I have to answer to God. I can't be responsible for other people's actions: They will have to answer to God themselves
Auliq-Ice|Dreams become regrets when left in the mind, never planted in the soil of action.
Reem Acra|You show up in Paris, and on the drive from the airport to the hotel you're like, 'This is so cool! I want to see something! I want to go to the Eiffel Tower!' And then you leave the next morning. You think, Oh, I didn't get to do anything. I tell people: I've been just about everywhere, but I've seen nothing.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I fell in love with him. But I don't just stay with him by default as if there's no one else available to me. I stay with him because I choose to, every day that I wake up, every day that we fight or lie to each other or disappoint each other. I choose him over and over again, and he chooses me.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Never kill yourself because you are too poor to feed your children or your family. You are a part of this world, and the country you live on it. It is your right to be happy, educated and with your children and family. You must fight for your rights, kill for your rights but never die for them.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Rather than you smoking a cigarette, the cigarette is really smoking you.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|Courage brought me here.I desperately tried to dress myself with words.Yet excuses can no longer defend my walls.So here I am.Clueless.Defenseless.But I will tell you this,for this is all you have to know.I love you.Nothing in this life is more worthfighting for than that.
Barbara Baig, How to Be a Writer: Building Your Creative Skills Through Practice and Play|Your first draft is a petulant teenager, sure it knows best, adamant that its Mother is wrong. Your third draft has emerged from puberty, realising that its Mother was right about everything.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|During his time with the French army, years before, one of the sergeants had explained to the younger mercenaries the trick of falling asleep the night before a battle. "Make yourself comfortable, examine your conscience, and make a good Act of Contrition. Father Hugo says that in time of war, even if there is no priest to shrive you, your sins can be forgiven this way. Since you cannot commit sins while asleep--not even you, Simenon!--you will awake in a state of grace, ready to fall on the bastards. And with nothing to look forward to but victory or heaven-- how can you be afraid.
Elizabeth George|Most of didn’t know how truly good or truly bad we were, and most of us would never be sufficiently tested to find out.
T Jay Taylor|A fear of losing, of failure is a fear of success.
Samora Machel, Mozambique: Sowing The Seeds Of Revolution|Second we find in our prerevolutionary society definite and indeed very bitter class antagonisms, though these antagonisms seem rather more complicated than the cruder Marxists will allow.
Patricia McCormick, Sold|Instead, we linger over a luxury that costs nothing: Imagining what may be.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|Can officially confirm that the way to a man's heart these days is not through beauty, food, sex, or alluringness of character, but merely the ability to seem not very interested in him.
Mikelrenaldo|To not be photographed daily, even by oneself, to not be recorded and videoed and dispersed into the turbulent winds of the net, was to court nonexistence.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Joy is temporary, Happiness is permanent; for it comes out from positive mind and is an art of tension free heart.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|As Americans, we typically move full steam ahead without much regard to mindfulness or thoughtful reflection, often to one’s own detriment. Yet it is that same propensity for bold action which makes fulfilling the "American Dream" possible—where an immigrant can come to our country with nothing and achieve extraordinary things.
Robert Walpole|If some peoples pretend that history or geography gives them the right to subjugate other races, nations, or peoples, there can be no peace.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|This was how Dinocrates, recommended only by his good looks and dignified carriage, came to be so famous. But as for me, Emperor, nature has not given me stature, age has marred my face, and my strength is impaired by ill health.
Daniel Ionson, And the Truth Shall Make You Flee: Confronting the Truth-Seekers' Fears and Failures|The Existential-Epistemic Spiral—MeaningOur central beliefs shape and guide us, but the staggering synergistic power of our dynamics working together creates an existential centripetal force at the core of our being—meaning. Nothing affects us like meaning. Meaning is everything, the cumulative effect of all dynamics spinning inside of us. It generates and sustains our identity, creates stability and purpose. It drives our choices, shapes our feelings, and guides our morality.
Erik Pevernagie|A fleeting moment can become an eternity. From a past encounter everything may disappear in the dungeon of forgetfulness. A few furtive flashes or innocent twinkles can survive, though. Some immaterial details may remain marked in our memory, forever. A significant look, a salient colour or a unforeseen gesture may abide, indelibly engraved in our mind. ( "Girl in blue" )
Sunday Adelaja|Personal Responsibility is the acknowledgement of the fact that I am personally responsible for what is happening in my life, in my surrounding and in my nation.
Steven Magee|It is not a god that makes us more human, it is we human that make Gods.
Robert Conquest, Reflections on a Ravaged Century|In that instant I regretted my indiscretion, and I have never really known if it was a form of compensation of because I needed to vomit up my pent-up anger that I did something unusual for me and told him about the ups and downs my family had experienced in the previous two months since my younger brother controversially came out a homosexual. I unleashed all the resentment I felt toward my parents for having punished the kid so cruelly. As I spoke, I noted that I had been so obtuse that until that exact moment, as I confided the details and feelings I hadn't even revealed to my wife to a person I barely knew, I had concentrated my resentment on my parents' attitude because in reality I had been ignoring the true origins of what had happened: the persistence of an institutionalized homophobia, of an extended ideological fundamentalism that rejected and repressed anything different and preyed on the most vulnerable ones, on those who don't adjust to the canons of orthodoxy. Then I understood that not just my parents but I myself had been the pawn of ancestral prejudices, of the surrounding pressures of the time, and, above all, the victim of fear, as much as or more (without a doubt, more) than William. I felt a certain rancor toward my brother, precisely because it was my brother who had been declared a faggot: I could understand and even accept that two professors may have gone the other way, but this wasn't the same as knowing - and having others know - that the one who went the other way was my own brother.pp. 175-176
Jen Selinsky|Who says that art and science cannot coincide? Art is seen as subjective, and science is seen as objective. Paintings, drawings, and sculptures can contain geometric patterns. Most anything you can mix in a beaker or a Petri dish could be displayed as art. The point is that there is art in science, and there is science in art.
Amit Kalantri|To be a scholar study math, to be a smart study magic.
TobyMac|Christmas renews our youth by stirring our wonder. The capacity for wonder has been called our most pregnant human faculty, for in it are born our art, our science, our religion.
Ursula A. Ciller|Most things happen for a reason and it may take years to discover why, but this is almost always for the better.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The devil depends on a dark secret chance, but God does it now before your own eyes.
Chelsea Fine, Anew|Tristan was silent for a few moments, looking at the leaves before them. "Life isn't about the past and the future. It's about today." He paused. "It's about five minutes from now and two seconds ago. It's moments, you know? Not years. Years aren't what define us.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All of us has a blink of an eye existence, so why are we living a mediocre life? AnewMy soul aches..For new adventuresBizarre, grotesque, funHappiness and pleasuresLiving in slow-paceRealize it is graceThe place for my soulHeart centered arrowRebelling against the windThe universe and starsHome for body, stubborn heartLove who?Beauty in awe Finds it within blueWidens sorrowTruth withinLove everlastingPain is fairTo start anew....
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|The economics we need is of the "seminar room" variety, not the "rule-of-thumb" kind. It is an economics that recognizes its limitations and caveats and knows that the right message depends on the context. The fine print is what economists have to contribute.
Yiskah Rosenfeld, Yentl's Revenge: The Next Wave of Jewish Feminism|Just because Eve does not speak does not mean she does not think. Or want. Or wonder. Just because Eve says very little in this story does not mean she is passive and dumb. Isn't it just as likely that she was a curious, growing being full of ideas and questions with no one to talk to? I imagine her left alone, bursting with curiosity and imagination, exploring the peripheries of the garden, delving into the mystery of the forbidden and the secret, far from center stage. How else could she have run into a character like the serpent?[......]It seems obvious that the serpent would choose Eve to talk to and not Adam, because the serpent could sense that Eve was craving dialogue. The serpent, with its sharp intellect, its curiosity and knowledge, becomes a psuedo-G-d, opening Eve's eyes to possibilities that exist only in her dormant imagination. The serpent is referred to as male, but perhaps it is more interesting to imagine it as Lilith in disguise. Though it was probably meant to show Lilith's satanic nature, an illustration in a sixteenth-century text does show Lilith with the body of a snake tempting Eve. The serpent seems to have some Lilith-like qualities: a powerful gift of speech, an intimate knowledge of G-d, a quality of defiance and a strength of will- surprising in an ideal garden. I like the picture this makes- While G-d teaches Adam about planting and sowing, Lilith teaches Eve about power and freedom.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|We all want to believe in impossible things, I suppose, to persuade ourselves that miracles can happen.
Rosa Luxemburg|Our next-door neighbour taught physics at Hampton University. Our church abounded with mathematicians. Supersonics experts held leadership positions in my mother's sorority, and electrical engineers sat on the board of my parents' college alumni associations.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|If you have designed your last day on earth, if you have decided how you wish to be thought of on your deathbed, only then can you start to plot a course to that point, to your ideal final destination.
Elaine Moran|Believe it or not, your body has nothing but unconditional love for you. The proof? Without any effort on your part, your heart is beating, your lungs are breathing, and the rhythm of life is graciously flowing through you every second of every day—unconditionally.
Storm Constantine, The Fulfilments of Fate and Desire|How so much honourable is such a contest, in which one's moral conduct and achievement are brought as witnesses rather than the size of one's purse.#Page: 10
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|I am terrified by this dark thingThat sleeps in me;All day I feel its soft, feathery turnings, its malignity.
Franz Kafka, The Complete Stories|Concerning this a man once said:Why such reluctance? If you only followed the parablesyou yourselves would become parables and with that rid of all your daily cares.Another said: I bet that is also a parable.The first said: You have won.The second said: But unfortunately only in parable.The first said: No, in reality; in parable you have lost.
Melanie Raabe, The Trap - FREE PREVIEW|Nature, too, seems to sense that something is coming to and end; it's summoning all it's strength for one last surge.
Arnold Palmer|There's food and supplements that you can take legally that will better your body and help you stay healthy. Shortcuts are something that's always been around all sports, but as a union, we're trying to do the best we can to weed those guys out of the game.
Kate Millett, Sexual Politics|It is necessary to realize that the most sacrosanct article of sexual politics in the period, the Victorian doctrine of chivalrous protection and its familiar protestations of respect, rests upon the tacit assumption, a cleverly expeditious bit of humbug, that all women were "ladies"—namely members of that fraction of the upper classes and bourgeoisie which treated women to expressions of elaborate concern, while permitting them no legal or personal freedom. The psycho-political tacit here is a pretense that the indolence and luxury of the upper-class woman’s role in what Veblen called “vicarious consumption” was the happy lot of all women. The efficacy of this maneuver depends on dividing women by class and persuading the privileged that they live in an indulgence they scarcely deserve... To succeed, both the sexual revolution and the Woman's Movement which led it would have to unmask chivalry and expose its courtesies as subtle manipulation.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, Stress Relief for Your Body & Mind|Healing doesn't just take a little time, it also takes commitment to get started and to complete the process.
Charles Finch, The Last Enchantments|Show me the heroes that the youth of your country look up to, and I will tell you the future of your country.
Éric  Weiner|In other words, where we are is vital to who we are.
Carl R. Rogers|In my early professional years I was asking the question: How can I treat, or cure, or change this person? Now I would phrase the question in this way: How can I provide a relationship which this person may use for his own personal growth?
Hart Crane|Приспособяваме се тихо към живота,доволни и от бледите утехи,които вятърът довяваи пуска в празните ни джобове.Но още храним обич към светащом спираме пред гладно котенце на прага,готови да го приютим в протрития ръкав,да го спасим от улицата - шумна и жестока.(...)Играта е такава - кара ни да се усмихваме насила.И все пак виждаме луната, спряла над самотна уличка,да преобръща празна кофа в искряща чаша на смеха,и все пак чуваме през веселия шум и нашите стремежигласа на котенце, което вика сред пустинята.
Ahmed Djebbar|Store speculates:Some creative people… of predominantly schizoid or depressive temperaments... use their creative capacities in a defensive way. If creative work protects a man from mental illness, it is a small wonder that he pursues it with avidity. The schizoid state... Is characterized by a sense of meaninglessness and futility. For most people, interaction with others provides most of what they require to find meaning and significance in life. For the schizoid person, however, this is not the case. Creative activity is a particularly apt way to express himself... The activity is solitary... [but] the ability to create and the productions which result from such ability are generally regarded as possessing value by our society.
P.C. Cast, Hunted|Simple,' Tummeler replied.' Blueberries is one of the great forces o'good in the world.' How do you figure that?' said Charles. Well,' said Tummeler, 'have you ever seen a troll, or a Wendigo, or,' he shuddered, 'a Shadow-Born ever eating a blueberry pie?' No,' Charles admitted. There y'go,' said Tummeler. It's cause they can't stand the goodness in it.' Can't argue with you there,' said Charles. Foods is good and evil, just like people, or badgers, or even scowlers.' Evil food?' said Charles. Parsnips,' said Tummeler, 'Them's as evil as they come.
Tommy Lasorda|If you're confused about what to do,it's a sign that your enemy is winning.
Ketan Waghmare|And involuntarily I compared the childish sarcasm, the religious sarcasm of Voltaire with the irresistible irony of the German philosopher whose influence is henceforth ineffaceable.
William J. Federer, Change to Chains-The 6,000 Year Quest for Control -Volume I-Rise of the Republic|the story of liberty is a history of the limitation of a government power, not the increase of it.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|When (The World According To) Garp was published, people who’d lost children wrote to me. ‘’I lost one, too,’’ they told me. I confessed to them that I hadn’t lost any children. I’m just a father with a good imagination. In my imagination, I lose my children every day. (afterword)
David Chiles|If you fulfill God’s will, then God will always be your friend.
Vonnie Davis, Bearing It All|Ye have taught me something I never understood.""What? How to get rid of Parisian Pink Pecker Disease?
C. JoyBell C.|God and Destiny are not against us, rather they are for us, they are the ones who never forget the things we have long forgotten, the ones who hear the desires of our heart that our own heads can't hear, and they are the ones who never forget who we really are, long after our minds have forgotten the images of who we are. We come from God and we belong to Destiny, yet for some reason of ignorance we think that to be the master of our own fates and the captain of our own souls means to write everything down on a paper and plan everything out on a grid! Such great things to be done, and we think they are accomplished by our primitive ways! No. We must only know what we want. And want what we want. And then fly high enough to see all that which we want that we couldn't yet see.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|The bigness of the world is redemption. Despair compresses you into a small space, and a depression is literally a hollow in the ground. To dig deeper into the self, to go underground, is sometimes necessary, but so is the other route of getting out of yourself, into the larger world, into the openness in which you need not clutch your story and your troubles so tightly to your chest.
Robert Greene|Sweet are the thoughts that savour of content, The quiet mind is richer than a crown...
John Green|I believe in hope, in what is something called ”radical hope.” I believe there is hope for all of us, even amid the suffering. And that’s why I write fiction, probaby. It’s my attempt to keep that fragile strand of radical hope, to buld a fire in the darkness.r
Debasish Mridha|To reveal your greatness, see the greatness in everyone. Ignore pettiness and forgive everyone.
|A dream is not meant to be dreamed forever; instead, it's meant for you to work hard and smart enough until success wakes you up from it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|I think about my education sometimes. I went to the University of Chicago for awhile after the Second World War. I was a student in the Department of Anthropology. At that time they were teaching that there was absolutely no difference between anybody.They may be teaching that still.Another thing they taught was that no one was ridiculous or bad or disgusting. Shortly before my father died, he said to me, ‘You know – you never wrote a story with a villain in it.’I told him that was one of the things I learned in college after the war.
Robert Kolker, Film form and Culture|A basic premise of Expressionism was that mise-en-scène - the visual space of the film (as well as of fiction, theatrical presentation, and painting) - should express the stressed psychological state of either its main character, or more universally, the culture at large. Edvard Munch's painting The Scream (1893) best exemplifies this effect, though it actually predates and influenced the Expressionist movement. This painting of a figure on a bridge, standing in front of a violent multicolored sky, hands held up in anxiety and terror, is a dominant image for the twentieth century. It encapsulates the Expressionist desire to make the world a reflection of the interior anguish it has caused.
Donna Lynn Hope|Whatever comes, let it come, what stays let stay, what goes let go.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|There is power in confronting your fears. In knowing what it is you fear above all, you can prevent it from becoming your reality. There are always choices.
James Howard Kunstler|In the 7th grade, I made a 20-foot long mural of the Lewis and Clark Trail while we were studying that in history because I knew I wasn't going to be able to spit back the names and the dates and all that stuff on a test.
Manos|The rejection of mass organizations as the be-all, end-all of organizing is vital for the creation and rediscovery of possibilities for empowerment and effective anarchistic work.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Tessa: I won't know if I like it until I try it, will I?"Will: "I've never swum naked in the Thames, but I know I wouldn't like it.""But think how entertaining for sightseers," said Tessa, and she saw Jem duck his head to hide the quick flash of his grin.
Manel Loureiro, Apocalipsis Z: Los días oscuros|Part of what makes us human is what we mean to other people, and what people mean to us. I miss meaning something to someone, having that part of being human.
Richard   Williams|However my mother had once said, ‘When you go to art school, you’ll find everybody sitting around practicing how to do their signature'; and sure enough, there they were, some of them doing just that.
Emily Cale, Under Wraps|Where did you find that one?""I have no idea. I'm a magnet for crazies, I guess.""They must be able to sense a kindred spirit.""Your one to talk. Don't you have more hordes of the undead to lead in a glorious revolution?""Zombies not undead. There's a fine distinction. And no. Right now I'm scouting new talent. The glorious revolution comes tomorrow.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|He was a philosopher, if you know what that was.’‘A man who dreams of fewer things than there are in heaven and earth,’ said the Savage promptly.‘Quite so…
Pope Paul VI|This world in which we live needs beauty in order not to sink into despair. It is beauty, like truth, which brings joy to the heart of man and is that precious fruit which resists the year and tear of time, which unites generations and makes them share things in admiration.
Kelly Bingham, Formerly Shark Girl|Sometimes our loved one doesn't understand that you need them,it hurts but when they says they know you very well it hurts even more as you know its not true.
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|Whatever it is that may be bothering you, whatever it is that may have your attention arrested, you have the power to rescue yourself.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|He kissed her, and the magic that had been building up steadily around them exploded, raining down in arcs of silver fire that made her half-remember a prophecy from her d
Friedrich Nietzsche|Remain faithful to the earth, my brothers, with the power of your virtue. Let your gift-giving love and your knowledge serve the meaning of the earth. Thus I beg and beseech you. Do not let them fly away from earthly things and beat with their wings against eternal walls. Alas, there has always been so much virtue that has flown away. Lead back to the earth the virtue that flew away, as I do—back to the body, back to life, that it may give the earth a meaning, a human meaning.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|If i cherish you because I hold you dear, because in you my heart finds nourishment, my need satisfaction, then it is not done for the sake of a higher essence whose hallowed body you are, not on account of my beholding in you a ghost, an appearing spirit, but from egoistic pleasure; you yourself with *your* essence are valuable to me.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|The best part of my life is ,My death will not cause pain for anyone.
Orhan Pamuk|People make mistakes all the time. We learn and grow. If there's patience and love, and you care for people, you can work them through it, and they can find their greatest heights.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|Bread is a second cause; the LORD Himself is the first source of our sustenance. He can work without the second cause as well as with it; and we must not tie Him down to one mode of operation. Let us not be too eager after the visible, but let us look to the invisible God.
William Joyce, The Sandman and the War of Dreams|But those coins are wishes! You’re stealing other people’s wishes!”The look Matteo gave her was so flinty, she could have chipped a tooth on it. “If you have money to waste on wishes, you don’t need the wishes as badly as I need the money.
Amy Purdy|It's as if my left heel is my bass drum and my right heel is the floor tom-tom. I can get snare out of my right toe by not putting it down on the floor hard, and, if I want cymbals, I land flat on both feet, full strength on the floor.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|As the years pass, I am coming more and more to understand that it is the common, everyday blessings of our common everyday lives for which we should be particularly grateful. They are the things that fill our lives with comfort and our hearts with gladness -- just the pure air to breathe and the strength to breath it; just warmth and shelter and home folks; just plain food that gives us strength; the bright sunshine on a cold day; and a cool breeze when the day is warm.
Michael J. Sullivan, Heir of Novron|Some things, Cassie, you just feel. You don’t know. You feel them. In here,” Gabriel said, pointing to his chest. “I knew without words, without facts, without knowing every last detail about you and your life that I was drawn to you. That we had a connection. I was mesmerized. The kind of thing that is rare.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|When you are so insignificant your choices don't really matter, the waves you create are like grain of sand landing in the ocean.
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|Get back to work.""Fine way to talk to your wife.""If you were my wife, I would've slapped your ass too."She stared at him a beat too long. She did love the feel of his hands on her ass.
Samael Aun Weor|We have to speak the truth always, at any cost, and no matter what.
Amanda Tero, Befriending the Beast|If we dare examine our decisions, we will see our values woven in and through every single one of them. Therefore, it would do us well to take an occasional peek to insure that our values remain at their peak.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|When you're lost in those woods, it sometimes takes you a while to realize that you are lost. For the longest time, you can convince yourself that you've just wandered a few feet off the path, that you'll find your way back to the trailhead any moment now. Then night falls again and again, and you still have no idea where you are, and it's time to admit that you have bewildered yourself so far off the path that you don't even know from which direction the sun rises anymore.
C. JoyBell C.|Herein lies the beauty of the flaw: that a shortcoming is a spiritual sign that says "Look! There is a perfect opportunity right here to grow and become better!" But instead of seeing those signs, people instead look and see something that is no longer worthy. Whether it be about themselves or about others. And so we have it that there are a great number of individuals who are missing out on great chances to improve themselves and to also believe in others.
Sham  Hinduja|Listen to Glisten !If your not willing to listen,How do you expect to glisten ?
Jonathan Lethem, The Fortress of Solitude|Everyone who has ever been to school knows that school is prison, but almost nobody beyond school age says it is. It's not polite. We all tiptoe around the truth because admitting it would make us seem cruel and would point a finger at well-intentioned people doing what they believe to be essential. . . . A prison, according to the common, general definition, is any place of involuntary confinement and restriction of liberty. In school, as in adult prisons, the inmates are told exactly what they must do and are punished for failure to comply. Actually, students in school must spend more time doing exactly what they are told than is true of adults in penal institutions. Another difference, of course, is that we put adults in prison because they have committed a crime, while we put children in school because of their age.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Thief of Shadows|There was no sound, but she felt a movement, a shifting of the air in her room, the warmth of another presence.Isabel opened her eyes. He was there, at the foot of her bed, a single candle in his hand, dressed only in shirtsleeves, waistcoat, and breeches.“Forgive me,” he whispered as he set the candle down. “I could not stay away.
Haile Selassie|Until the philosophy which hold one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned...Everything is war. Me say war.That until the're no longer 1st class and 2nd class citizens of any nation...Until the color of a man's skin is ofno more significa...nce than the color of his eyes, me say war. That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race me say war!
kim Fielding - Guarded|Thank you," I said bravely, dropping the syllables cleanly, like marbles, and secretly full of the most pathetic pride imaginable. I had spoken to strangers.
Emil Ostrovski, The Paradox of Vertical Flight|A clock that is moving through space at a very fast speed does not tick at the same rate as a slow-moving watch gently attached to your wrist as you stroll on a tropical beach. The idea of a universal time - a godlike clock that could somehow sit outside our universe and measure, in one go, the movement of everything in it, how its evolution unfolds, how old it is and all that - does not exist.
H. P. Lovecraft|Some days, 24 hours is too much to stay put in, so I take the day hour by hour, moment by moment. I break the task, the challenge, the fear into small, bite-size pieces. I can handle a piece of fear, depression, anger, pain, sadness, loneliness, illness. I actually put my hands up to my face, one next to each eye, like blinders on a horse.
Robert Kennedy|For me, comedy starts as a spew, a kind of explosion, and then you sculpt it from there, if at all. It comes out of a deeper, darker side. Maybe it comes from anger, because I'm outraged by cruel absurdities, the hypocrisy that exists everywhere, even within yourself, where it's hardest to see.
Abraham Lincoln|Statements make sense for somebody who needs advice. I’m not giving advice. I don’t instruct. At my best, I delight. That’s my job.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Please, dear God of happiness, show the radiance of your spectrum to our world, which here means to forget everything.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Don’t just wish you were rich, use Cosmic Ordering.
Shaye Evans, Seduction Squad|Come, Adan,” Lock ordered. “Come so hard you squeeze every fucking drop of cum from my cock.
Elisabeth Elliot|He is always doing something--the very best thing, the thing we ourselves would certainly choose if we knew the end from the beginning. He is at work to bring us to our full glory.
Malidoma Patrice Somé, The Healing Wisdom of Africa: Finding Life Purpose Through Nature, Ritual, and Community|Love—the desire to love and be loved, to hold and be held, to give love even if your experience as a recipient has been compromised or incomplete—is the constant on the continuum of hunger, it's what links the anorexic to the garden-variety dieter, it's the persistent pulse of need and yearning behind the reach for food, for sex, for something.
Leap Year|Everything is going well "Day One" book up to page 137, planning som new movies to watch in the near future, close to awesome and powerful quotes. Some new and awesome events... - And that's life, that's how it must be!
Kenneth Langone|If I want to make political decisions, I should stand for election. If I want to do something in the legal field, that's different; that is my - they are my qualifications, but you know, the politicians are the ones who stand up there and are answerable to the people.
Desiderius Erasmus|If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
Hermann Hesse|Workshops, churches, and palaces were full of these fatal works of art; he had even helped with a few himself. They were deeply disappointing because they aroused the desire for the highest and did not fulfill it. They lacked the most essential thing—mystery. That was what dreams and truly great works of art had in common: mystery... It is mystery I love and pursue.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Case for Reparations|Deep at the dark bottom of the melting pot, where the private is public and the public private, where black is white and white black, where the immoral becomes moral and the moral is anything that makes one feel good (or that one has the power to sustain), the white man's relish is apt to be the black man's gall.
Debasish Mridha|When someone loves you, a river of positive charges flow inside you to fill you with joy and bliss.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The ocean has limits, but true love does not.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|I now, weak, old, diseased, poor, dying, hold still my soul in my hands, and I regret nothing.
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|To understand the extreme lengths to which the Sufis were prepared to go in reading esoteric meanings into the quite simple language of their Scriptures, it is necessary to remember that the Koran was committed to memory by all deeply religious men and women, and recited constantly, aloud or in the heart; so that the mystic was in a state of uninterrupted meditation upon the Holy Book. Many passages which would otherwise pass without special notice were therefore bound to arrest their attention, already sufficiently alert, and to quicken their imagination, already fired by the discipline of their austerities and the rigor of their internal life.
Natalie Standiford, How to Say Goodbye in Robot|Guys can smell desperation. It triggers an instinct in them to run far and fast so they aren't around when a woman starts peeling apart her heart. They know she'll ask for help in putting it back together the right way - intact and beating correctly - and they dread the thought of puzzling over layers that they can't understand, let alone rebuild. They'd rather just not get blood on their hands.But sharks are different. They smell the blood of desperation and circle in. They whisper into a girl's ear, "I'll make it better. I'll make you forget all about your pain."Sharks do this by eating your heart, but they never mention this beforehand. That is the thing about sharks.
Diana Jaber|No matter was the professional talkers tell you, I never met a black boy who wanted to fail.
Esther Williams|This is just what I have thought when I have seen slaves at work - they seem to go through the motions of labor without putting strength into them. They keep their powers in reserve for their own use at night, perhaps.
Stefan Molyneux|If you have people who treat you badly in your life, they will be a human shield against people who will treat you well. If that’s not true then we should apply it to marriage and start saying to woman who are being put down or beaten, “you gotta stay with him because he needs you and he has been your husband for 20 years for heaven sakes. You just have to work to love him more and so on.” This is the advice they gave to woman like 200 fucking years ago and it was abusive advice.  I view the parent child relationship (This just not my made up perspective.) it is the least voluntary relationship. At least the woman who got married chose to get married. We don’t choose our parents. The highest standards of behavior are required for parents and no one else. There is no one else whose standards of behavior need be higher than parents and so often parents get away with the lowest possible standards of behavior with regards to their children.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|There is a curious thing that happens with the passage of time: a calcification of character... Change isn't always for the worst; the shell that forms around a piece of sand looks to some people like an irritation, and to others, like a pearl.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Write like no one is reading|Strong introverts crave alone time (I-time) as if it were oxygen in the lungs for survival. I can become short of breath from inadequate alone time. I-time is non-negotiable for a high-functioning introvert. Without I-time, an introvert can suffer from distraction, imbalance, exhaustion, and irritability.
Adrian Tan|You will find, that when you have someone to love, that the face is less important than the brain, and the body is less important than the heart.
Avina Celeste|Do not feel ill will toward others. It will only bring negative energy into your life which will fester and grow as you let that anger into your heart. Hunger for revenge, for your pain to be put onto others, only hurts you more. Trust in yourself that you may recover from the pain they have caused and allow yourself to move on.
Hilal Hamdaan|You are an artist, I am an artist, all the people around you and me are artists. Don't try to hide your scars, highlight them with the brush and you'll become an attractive piece of art
John Eliot|Always Remember... Once You Give Up Your Rights, You Can Never Get Them Back. Once You Turn On That Police State, You Can Never Turn It Off.
Sara Sampaio|I'm on my version of the protein diet, but there ain't no protein in it. It's a Krispy Kreme doughnut between two Cinnabons. And you soak it overnight in Red Bull. Then you chase it with a Snickers.
Mary Crocker Cook, Awakening Hope. a Developmental, Behavioral, Biological Approach to Codependency Treatment.|When our caregivers are unavailable, most of time it has nothing to do with LOVE for the child, however, the child cannot possibly know this. The child winds up believing that the unavailable parent is not available due to some defect within the child. We believe that if we were “enough” the parent would CHOOSE to be available.
Sunday Adelaja|Consider the necessary, analyze the consequences, clean up the mess.
Andrew Klavan, Crazy Dangerous|Energetic cords are unconscious - often sentimental or compulsive - emotional ties to past and present relationships, pre-conditioned by our wounds. They are made of toxic emotions such fear, guilt, blame, hatred, obligation, grasping need or pain.
Winston S. Churchill|When you get a thing the way you want it, leave it alone.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|He wanted to impart some of the truths Bruce Denton had taught him, that you dont' become a runner by winning a morning workout. The only true way is to marshal the ferocity of your ambition over the course of many days, weeks, months, and (if you could finally come to accept it) years. The Trial of Miles; Miles of Trials. How could he make them understand?
Seth Godin|But the person who scored well on an SAT will not necessarily be the best doctor or the best lawyer or the best businessman. These tests do not measure character, leadership, creativity, perseverance.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|and now, all these years later, it seem to him that the most horrible fact of human existence was that broken hearts mended
Abbi Glines, Just for Now|For if this God exists, I thought, and if even you – with your lusts and your adulteries and the timid lies you used to tell – can change like this, we could all be saints by leaping as you leapt, by shutting the eyes and leaping once and for all: if you are a saint, it’s not so difficult to be a saint. It’s something He can demand of any of us, leap.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Perhaps a seemingly dull, boring person is not a person who lacks personality, but rather a person with so much personality most other things bore them.
Norm MacDonald|President Obama and Secretary Duncan have made stronger teacher evaluation a key part of their education reform efforts. Under their signature plan, called 'Race to the Top,' states can win federal support for schools by improving teacher evaluations.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Evangeline: A Tale of Acadie|Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of heaven,Blossomed the lovely stars, the forget-me-nots of the angels.
James      Martin, Between Heaven and Mirth: Why Joy, Humor, and Laughter Are at the Heart of the Spiritual Life|Laughs are exactly as honorable as tears. Laughter and tears are both responses to frustration and exhaustion, to the futility of thinking and striving anymore. I myself prefer to laugh, since there is less cleaning up to do afterward.
Rika Yokomori, تانغو طوكيو|Revolutionary law number one," someone said. "Capitalism has cheated us. Books are not to be bought, they are to be repossessed.""This is robbery," I said. "Let's not kid ourselves. And don't do that to me again. You scared me to death.""It's not robbery. Books are ideas. They should be able to circulate freely within society. At no price at all, or for pennies. Knowledge is universal. It belongs to all of us.
Robbie Vorhaus, One Less. One More.|Trust your heart, and the answer will always become clear.
Mladen Đorđević, Svetioničar - Vesnici oluje|It was the time of night that precedes dawn and is without perspective or reason. It was the hour when regret and fear overwhelm hope and courage and when all that is ugly in us is magnified and when we are most panic-stricken by what we have lost, and what we have almost lost, and what we fear we might lose.
Jane Roberts|You gotta have a dream. If you don't have a dream, how you gonna make a dream come true?
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|That's what "meaning" is—a special additive like salt or garlic that could make even the most fetid piece of meat seem palpable, even delicious.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|What this means is not a single Tower of Babel plotted in common, but hundreds of thousands of separate beginnings, the length and breadth of America. Energetic people who build against pains and uncertainties, as weaker ones merely hope against them.
Gary L. Francione|We should not be surprised that more and more people feel comfortable about consuming animal products. After all, they are being assured by the “experts” that suffering is being decreased and they can buy “happy” meat, “free-range” eggs, etc.. These products even come with labels approved of by animal organizations. The animal welfare movement is actually encouraging the “compassionate” consumption of animal products.Animal welfare reforms do very little to increase the protection given to animal interests because of the economics involved: animals are property. They are things that have no intrinsic or moral value. This means that welfare standards, whether for animals used as foods, in experiments, or for any other purpose, will be low and linked to the level of welfare needed to exploit the animal in an economically efficient way for the particular purpose. Put simply, we generally protect animal interests only to the extent we get an economic benefit from doing so. The concept of “unnecessary” suffering is understood as that level of suffering that will frustrate the particular use. And that can be a great deal of suffering.Killing Animals and Making Animals Suffer | Animal Rights: The Abolitionist Approach
Nancy E. Turner, These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901|We have talked about Suzy and about her last days, but it's as if our lives stopped then and there. If I say anything to him about feeling lonesome, he goes outside and does some little chore. I can't tell if he is secretly blaming me, or himself, or just too full of pain to talk. That was the one thing we could always do together. I wish for the old days. I wish for the struggling days and the days of Geronimo, and the days of birthing Charlie with no one but Jack to help me. How happy and in love we were then. I want to be in love again, but all I feel is darkness and shadows. Everything is changed and different
Shane Claiborne, Jesus for President: Politics for Ordinary Radicals|This is what Jesus had in mind: folks coming together, forming close-knit communities and meeting each other's needs-- no kings, no major welfare systems, no presidents necessary. His is a theology and practice for the people of God, not a set of suggestions for empire.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|When I lost my sight, Werner, people said I was brave. When my father left, people said I was brave. But it is not bravery; I have no choice. I wake up and live my life. Don't you do the same?
Edgar Bronfman, Jr.|The historical basis for the gap between the black middle class and underclass shows that ending discrimination, by itself, would not eradicate black poverty and dysfunction. We also need intervention to promulgate a middle-class ethic of success among the poor, while expanding opportunities for economic betterment.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|Science is better than sympathy, if only it is science.
Andriy Shevchenko|Cycling keeps me lean and I need to stay in shape, especially as I still like eating chocolate and ice-cream! I like to go mountain biking too. Running is also good; it's what we were designed to do as humans, so it comes naturally.
Gudjon Bergmann|Reading the recipe of your grandma’s chicken soup will never compare to the taste. Seeing a magnificent sunset will never compare to somebody else’s description of that same sunset. Feeling the electrifying sensation of a passionate kiss will never compare to a second-hand account. Nothing replaces experience. If experience is at the heart of every religion, then theology points the way, practice gives us the vehicle, but we must take the steps if we want to personally explore our faith and reap experiences rather than rely solely on second-hand accounts.
Charlotte Brontë, The Professor|Belgium! name unromantic and unpoetic, yet name that whenever uttered has in my ear a sound, in my heart an echo, such as no other assemblage of syllables, however sweet or classic, can produce. Belgium! I repeat the word, now as I sit alone near midnight. It stirs my world of the past like a summons to resurrection; the graves unclose, the dead are raised; thoughts, feelings, memories that slept, are seen by me ascending from the clods--haloed most of them--but while I gaze on their vapoury forms, and strive to ascertain definitely their outline, the sound which wakened them dies, and they sink, each and all, like a light wreath of mist, absorbed in the mould, recalled to urns, resealed in monuments.
Karon Waddell|I’ve experienced a lot of crap in my life but the one thing that I have learned, is it is better to laugh about it rather than complain about it.
Whitney Houston|Albania is located sixty miles across the Adriatic Sea from Italy. It borders Montenegro and Kosovo to the north, Macedonia to the east, and Greece to the south. If you know nothing about 'the Land of the Eagles,' relax. You're not alone.
Adam P. Knave, Stays Crunchy in Milk|A single thought, he considered, could do all sorts of harm. Harm to what, he wasn't sure, but he identified it as harm.
Temple Grandin, Thinking in Pictures: My Life with Autism|But my favorite of Einstein's words on religion is "Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind." I like this because both science and religion are needed to answer life's great questions.
John Paul Jones|If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.
Henry Miller|There is always a certain peace in being what one is, in being that completely.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Rights can be considered wrongs, depending on who is judging.
Pazaria Smith|Did you know that each day that dawns, you are in "TODAY?" Stay in "Today" and you will never have to worry about tomorrow. God will take care of tomorrow.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|To those human beings who are of any concern to me I wish suffering, desolation, sickness, ill-treatment, indignities—I wish that they should not remain unfamiliar with profound self-contempt, the torture of self-mistrust, the wretchedness of the vanquished: I have no pity for them, because I wish them the only thing that can prove today whether one is worth anything or not—that one endures.
Mav Skye, Behind the Black Door|The truth,” Mrs. Hodgkins says, standing back up and turning to her cold marble pupils, “is imagination without boundaries is like a gun, it can be dangerous and kill.” She turns slightly and points to the back of her head to demonstrate. Her brains spill over the left crevice of her skull, clinging like hardened jelly. “Or imagination can save lives.
Salman Rushdie, The Ground Beneath Her Feet|Things aren't like this," he kept repeating. "It shouldn't be this way." As if he had access to some other plane of existence, some parallel, "right" universe, and had sensed that our time had somehow been put out of joint. Such was his vehemence that I found myself believing him, believing, for example, in the possibility of that other life in which Vina had never left and we were making our lives together, all three of us, ascending together to the stars. Then he shook his head, and the spell broke. He opened his eyes, grinning ruefully. As if he knew his thoughts had infected mine. As if he knew his power. "Better get on with it," he said. "Make do with what there is.
Junaid Raza|Reason is overrated. Many pundits have argued that a good heart and steadfast moral clarity are superior to triangulations of overeducated policy wonks, like the best and brightest and that dragged us into the quagmire of Vietnam. And wasn't it reason that gave us the means to despoil the planet and threaten our species with weapons of mass destruction? In this way of thinking, it's character and conscience, not cold-hearted calculation, that will save us. Besides, a human being is not a brain on a stick. My fellow psychologists have shown that we're led by our bodies and our emotions and use our puny powers of reason merely to rationalize our gut feelings after the fact
Leanne Waters, My Secret Life|The loneliness I endured during that time of my life is something I hope never to experience again.It's more than just the feeling of being isolated. I was disconnected mentally, physically and emotionally from the entire human race, it seemed; I didn't even feel part of it. I was a subspecies of the people who walked the streets and went about their daily lives. I was not part of the world they'd built and lived in. I was like a half-formed variety of what they were; a critter that was intended to be like them but was never finished. I was unworthy of the space I took up in that world and the lies I showcased in order to fit in.
Ioana-Cristina Casapu|While the world has found the right names for all chronic mental diseases, I believe poetry is also a brain dysfunction, yet the only one that owns itself the mastery for the cure. Isn’t it lovely to say, “He/She suffers of Poetry?”.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|We want to make good time, but for us now this is measured with the emphasis on "good" rather than on "time"....
Renata Bowers, Good Dogs, Great Listeners: The Story of Charlotte, Lily and The Litter|But they never again passed up the opportunity to read a good book, together.
Deyth Banger|I hate the moment in which come thoughts, it's the moment when I watch horror, when I enjoy something. A though comes, another and another... and I just don't know what to choose.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In any situation, you can find strength in the Lord.
Eric Braeden|There is a very deep conviction in the heart of the people who work in al-Jazeera that if it changes its editorial line, it will very quickly lose its audience. Al-Jazeera has its own style; it has more than 3,500 employees, and I don't think anyone will have the attitude of changing it because they will lose.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Everybody has good and bad forces working with them, against them, and within them.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|nations never see themselves clearly in the mirror, much less when war preys on their minds
Z.A. Maxfield, Notturno|Could I be brave enough to look lower? I could. His black tee shirt licked his hard body and I could only guess what was hidden underneath it. His faded jeans hung dangerously low, revealing a slice of his narrow hips, and I could easily imagine the rest.
Robert Farrar Capon|if you don't like something change it and if you cannot change it ,change the way you you think about it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|No matter how deep you bury good seeds, they always find a way to rise.
Ben Nelson|The rewards of freedom are always sweet, but its demands are stern, for at its heart is the paradox that the greatest enemy of freedom is freedom.
Mark R. Levin|Corruption ultimately guilts the corrupt, and it hardens the innocent who suffer as a result of it. It isn't the young who corrupt the old, rather it's the inverse.The aim of the old should be to ensure that the young grow up incorruptible.
bell hooks, We Real Cool: Black Men and Masculinity|By the end of the seventies the feared yet desired black male body had become as objectified as it was during slavery, only a seemingly positive twist had been added to the racist sexist objectification: the black male body had become the site for the personification of everyone’s desire.
Raphael Zernoff|You are one and only creator of your reality. Even when you might think there is some external force out there creating it for you, it is just you.
David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville|At O'Reilly, the way we think about our business is that we're not a publisher; we're not a conference producer; we're a company that helps change the world by spreading the knowledge of innovators.
Remy de Gourmont|I would argue that in any habitable zone that doesn't boil or freeze, intelligent life is going to emerge because intelligence is convergent.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|This is a landscape of dreams cemented in the past, of hopes gone cold, of girls and boys for rent in officially empty tower blocks, where none is truly so.
Sam Levenson|Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.
Robin Beth Schaer, Shipbreaking|I used to be twenty. Then I was twenty-one, twenty-two, and so on. And then I became a mother and could no longer even distinguish the difference between twenty-one and twenty-two or the difference between thirty-eight and thirty-nine.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|One hardly need believe that the events in your life are actually planned as bolts from the blue, sent special delivery from a deity who is testing and training you like a lab rat! And that is what we are saying when we fretfully ask, "What can God be trying to teach me through this tragedy?
Leo Tolstoy|If you want to be happy, be.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Book is the best friend, have no demand, no complain
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|The thing about our choices is that after we have made them, they turn around and make us.
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|Reporters go through four stages in a war zone. In the first stage, you’re Superman, invincible. In the second, you’re aware that things are dangerous and you need to be careful. In the third, you conclude that math and probability are working against you. In the fourth, you know you’re going to die because you’ve played the game too long. I was drifting into stage three.
Emma Cameron, Cinnamon Rain|And in this moment, like a swift intake of breath, the rain came.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|Whatever happens to you belongs to you. Make it yours. Feed it to yourself even if it feels impossible to swallow. Let it nurture you, because it will.
John Mark Green|She walks into my life legs first, a long drink of water in the desert of my thirties. Her shoes are red; her eyes are green. She's an Italian flag in occupied territory, and I fall for her like Paris. She mixes my metaphors like a martini and serves up my heart tartare. They all do. Every time. They have to. It's that kind of story.
Colin Meloy, Wildwood|Her voice sounded much cooler than she felt. Inside, her internal organs were grinding themselves into nervous pulp. Her intestines were gone. Her kidneys were disintegrating. Her stomach was wringing itself out, yanking on her trachea.
Diego Costa|Education must lead us from the irresponsible opinion to true responsible judgment. It must lead us from chance and arbitrariness to rational clarity and intellectual order. Therefore, let us guide our students over the road of discipline from materials, through function, to creative work.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Why does any kind of cynicism appeal to people? Because it seems like a mark of maturity, of sophistication, like you’ve seen everything and know better. Or because putting something down feels like pushing yourself up.
Abbi Glines, The Best Goodbye|At any rate I'd better be getting out of the wood, for really its coming on very dark. Do you think it's going to rain?'Tweedledum spread a large umbrella over himself and his brother, and looked up into it.'No, I don't think it is,' he said: 'at least - not under here. Nohow.''But it may rain outside?''It may - if it chooses,' said Tweedledee: 'we've got no objection. Contrariwise.
Ashley Mae Hoiland, One Hundred Birds Taught Me to Fly: The Art of Seeking God|And for the first time, I pity her, because when she says love, I think she really means it. For her, this is love. This is what she does to someone she loves. And I wonder if I am any better, because this is what I did to Zan all those rotations ago. I seduced her until she loved me with all her heart, and when it came time to do what needed to be done, I was willing to sacrifice that love, but she was not.
RVM|Life & Death are beyond our control. We can’t control where, how, or when we are born & we can’t control where, how, or when we may die. Then why Worry about it.
Bill Holm|Children judge each other harshly, but don't make nice distinctions among the grown.
Stan Slap|When rewards come from an external source instead of an internal source, they’re unreliable, which means they’re dangerous if you grow to depend on them.
Lost Soul|Somethimes you just have to take time to get to know yourself.Be alone.Eat alone,take yourself out,sleep alone.In the midst of this you will learn much about yourself.You will grow,figure out what inspires you,what you like and enjoy at.And when you find your true verison of yourself you will be free and secure in yourself,all you need to do is take some time just for you.
Kensington Gore|Those who did better were those who didn't wait idly for help to arrive. In the end, with systems crashing and failing, what mattered most and had the greatest immediate effects were the actions and decisions made in the midst of a crisis by individuals.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Always fuck with people's expectations, sunshine. It's good for their circulation.
Tanya Gambhir|She was his dawn of bliss He was her dusk of wounds,Each day they came up to See and touch They couldn't stay for long But they looked perfect together ~
Morgan Chabane|Accept me for who iam or leave me the way iam, for a true image of God needs no Photoshop and the core of who i really am has no settings
Jean Baudrillard, Seduction|In order to understand the intensity of ritual forms, one must rid oneself of the idea that all happiness derives from nature, and all pleasure from the satisfaction of a desire. On the contrary, games, the sphere of play, reveal a passion for rules, a giddiness born of rules, and a force that comes from ceremony, and not desire.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The atheist, agnostic, or secularist ... should insist on the need to engage in a meaningful debate on the entire issue of the truth or falsity (or probability or improbability) of religious tenets, without being subject to accusations of impiety, immorality, impoliteness, or any of the other smokescreens used by the pious to deflect attention from the central issues at hand.
A.T. Baron, A Tale of Two Squirrels|This world ye speak of, Akira, is built upon survival. The strong conquer and live, while the weak crumble and die.
Jerome K. Jerome|It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do. There is no fun in doing nothing when you have nothing to do. Wasting time is merely an occupation then, and a most exhausting one. Idleness, like kisses, to be sweet must be stolen.
Melissa Eskue Ousley, The Rabbit and the Raven|You used to scream so well when you were scared, back when I lived under your bed.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|Revenge is not redress. Revenge is a wheel, and it turns backwards.
Whitley Strieber, Communion: A True Story|What are you thinking of discovering?"Moomintroll cleared his throat and felt very proud. "Oh, everything," he said. "Stars, for example!"Snufkin was deeply impressed."Stars!" he exclaimed. "Then I must come with you. Stars are my favorite things. I always lie and look at them before I go to sleep, and wonder who is on them and how one could get there. The sky looks so friendly with all those little eyes twinkling in it.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|I move we get more wine,' Alistair said. 'What does the panel think?'...It was obvious that the entire war could be solved in this way. The trick would be to reach for a corkscrew instead, every time some brass hat ordered artillery.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|...your zeal to face life's rough and tumble, your ardor to accept the responsibilities of adulthood is hardly congruent with the aspirations of most graduate students...' He shook his head of disagreeable hair. 'I need not tell you,' he deplored, sinking to paralipsis, 'that there resides in almost every one of 'em the unconscious desire not to grow up. For once the academic goal is attained and the doctorate irradicably abbreviated after the name, the problem of facing the world is confronted. The subtlest, most unremitting drive of the student is his unconscious proclivity to postpone the acceptance of responsibility as long as possible.
Marco Rubio|I believe that people of faith by and large have a great interest in the institution of family and that a family is a great place to learn leadership skills. I'm sure I benefited by having a mom and mad, both of whom were actively involved in the community and in various enterprises.
Thiruvalluvar, Kural|Great wealth, like a crowd at a concert,Gathers and melts.
Charles Le Gai Eaton, Islam and the Destiny of Man|He didn’t know if that was really true or not, but he discovered something which was tremendously liberating: he didn’t care. He was very tired of thinking and thinking and still not knowing. He was also tired of being frightened, like a man who has entered a cave on a lark and now begins to suspect he is lost. Stop thinking about it, then. That’s the solution.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Don't constantly make angry your wife. Once she throws you out of her heart, there is no appeal
Elizabeth Alexander, The Light of the World|We have to start with recognition of the issue, confession that it exists, and a willingness to change. The fundamental problem is that white people who own the system as it is now do not allow the absence of black people to bother them.""It has not dawned on enough whites that the real issue is the integrity of the gospel itself and, consequently, the integrity of our witness to the rest of the world-where the majority is blessedly nonwhite.
Kelseyleigh Reber|And it seemed as though for a moment, the world encapsulated them in a giant sigh. As if the world was exhausted by humanity—by the bellows of war and bullets, of hateful cries and grieving tears. Of all the pain, the endless pain humanity had brought into its peaceful existence. A great heaving sigh to wash it all away. But like the sea, when washed away, war only crashed harder, a surging line of arched backs and brackish tears.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|It is a Lancashire custom to be on the defensive. We anticipate jokes about rain, "bi gum," and Wigan; we expect people to peer at us through the thin layer of smoke they fancy they see around our heads.
John Denver, Take Me Home: An Autobiography|Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort, it is there to keep you warm, and in those times of trouble when you are most alone, the memory of love will bring you home.
Marcel Proust, Days of Reading|No days, perhaps, of all our childhood are ever so fully lived are those that we had regarded as not being lived at all: days spent wholly with a favourite book.
Nick Tosches, Me and the Devil|Exceptional men do not hold their experiences to be out of the ordinary or of interest to anyone else. Unlike the trodden fungus-men, they are not so ignorantly and presumptuously self-absorbed. They are nobody and they know it. They shun notice. They are exceedingly rare.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable.
Aleksandr Voinov, Skybound|Leif gripped Benny's shoulders to hold him back, but he broke free and chased the truck, pumping his tiny arms and legs with great furry."I love you!" he called out, when he was just ten feet away. I gripped the metal bars, my throat choked with emotion."I love you!" Silas cried, as he followed.They both kept after us, sprinting wildly behind the cage. I watched their mouths moving, saying those words over and again, as the truck bounded through the woods and their small bodies disappeared, unreachable, behind the trees.
Marlene Steinberg, Interviewer's Guide to the Structured Clinical Interview for Dsm-IV (R) Dissociative Disorders (Scid-D)|Although Dissociative Disorders have been observed from the beginnings of psychiatry, the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-III-R Dissociative Disorders (Steinberg 1985) was the first diagnostic instrument for the comprehensive evaluation of dissociative symptoms and to diagnose the presence of Dissociative Disorders.
Simon S Tam|The weak-minded choose to hate," she said. "It's the least painful thing to do, isn't it?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|One's attitude affects altitude, and the degree of our mental elevation gives measurable evidence of just how much we can defy the pull on the soul subject to invisible laws of gravitation...
Charles Vest|When dealing in the technology, it becomes a question of whether you overuse something. I think that's worse than having something technologically available to you and not using it.
Lee Wardlaw, Won-Ton: A Cat Tale Told in Haiku|You can never know where I am or what I am,But I am good company to you nonetheless,And really do regret I broke your ink
Harry G. Frankfurt, On Bullshit|Our natures are, indeed, elusively insubstantial—notoriously less stable and less inherent than the nature of other things. And insofar as this is the case, sincerity itself is bullshit.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Information is the key to success, anywhere and everywhere. Right information matters the most. This applies to your work place too.
Ella Henderson|I am very sad for men and women trapped in any relationship where there is cruelty, dominance, inequity. I long for the liberation of all people.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Stop comparing yourself with others. If they are good at something, you too are good at something else. Self-confidence is not measured by your own capabilities versus that of others, but by your own needs.
Christina G. Hibbert Psy.D.|Maybe this is a second doctoral program: advanced learning about life, death, marriage, mothering, family, faith, patience, prayer. My degree will be 'Doctor of Life,' and I will be in good company. So many of us earn our 'Doctor of Life' degrees.
Brittney Joy, Over Ruled|The clouds behind the castle darkened and rolled, embracing the mountain and the white towers. And as the princess became more animated, the clouds rolled faster and faster. They twisted and deepened in color until a deafening crack sliced through the air.
Paul  Johnson, A History of Christianity|Julian recognized that the strength of the orthodox Church rested to a great extent on the imperial discrimination in its favour. According to Ammianus, he tried to atomize the Church by ending the system:
Ivan Illich|Housework, handicrafts, subsistence agriculture, radical technology, learning exchanges, and the like are degraded into activities for the idle, the unproductive, the very poor, or the very rich. A society that fosters intense dependence on commodities thus turns its unemployed into either its poor or its dependents.
Karen Hughes|It has always surprised me how little attention philosophers have paid to humor, since it is a more significant process of mind than reason. Reason can only sort out perceptions, but the humor process is involved in changing them.
Ray Lewis|One of my most sentimental items is my grandmother's engagement ring that my mom gave me a few years ago. It's a Victorian-style setting that's closed in the back, so it doesn't sparkle the way diamonds do now. I wear it as a pendant.
Daniel Arsand, Lovers|Only the deceased could hear this quietness, he thought; no wonder they were tossing and turning in their graves seven feet under the ground – they cannot take it, they want out.
Elizabeth Foss, Real Learning: Education In The Heart Of The Home|This book is not about "homeschooling" at all. School is an artificial institution contrived by man. This book is about educating a child in the heart of the family given to that child by his Creator.
Haruki Murakami, After Dark|Tell me something, Mari—do you believe in reincarnation?” Mari shakes her head. “No, I don’t think so,” she says. “So you don’t think there’s a life to come?” “I haven’t thought much about it. But it seems to me there’s no reason to believe in a life after this one.” “So once you’re dead there’s just nothing?”“Basically.”“Well, I think there has to be something like reincarnation. Or maybe I should say I’m scared to think there isn’t. I can’t understand nothingness. I can’t understand it and I can’t imagine it.” “Nothingness means there’s absolutely nothing, so maybe there’s no need to understand it or imagine it.” “Yeah, but what if nothingness is not like that? What if it’s the kind of thing that demands that you understand it or imagine it? I mean, you don’t know what it’s like to die, Mari. Maybe a person really has to die to understand what it’s like.” “Well, yeah…,” says Mari. “I get so scared when I start thinking about this stuff,” Korogi says. “I can hardly breathe, and my whole body wants to shrink into a corner. It’s so much easier to just believe in reincarnation. You might be reborn as something awful, but at least you can imagine what you’d look like—a horse, say, or a snail. And even if it was something bad, you might be luckier next time.
Samuel Adams|To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else - means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|Why are we worried!" Rolf said suddenly. "This is God's work. He'll make a way for us.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Stormy Llewellyn, a woman of unconventional views, believes instead that our passage through this world is intended to toughen us for the next life. She says that our honesty, integrity, courage, and determined resistance to evil are evaluated at the end of our days here, and that if we come up to muster, we will be conscripted into an army of souls engaged in some great mission in the next world. Those who fail the test simply cease to exist.
Auliq Ice|When we ask someone out, and are unsure whether we will hear them say yes, we are taking a leap of faith mixed with doubt. When we believe our spouse that they did not cheat, it is a leap of faith. We doubt in the absence of evidence, or when our trust in ourselves, and others are disrupted in some ways.
Tommy Mottola|I'm a teen boy, so I like seeing blood and guts. I know it's fake, but I'm having fun.
Cintra Wilson, Caligula for President: Better American Living Through Tyranny|Right now, the economy is a whole lot like a fairly good-looking brain-dead chick in a persistent vegetative coma. You can't really wake her up, but there's things she's still good for.
Edward Bond|If a god had made the world, might world always be right, that would be so wise, we'd be spared so much suffering. But we made the world - out of our smallness and weakness. Our lives are awkward and fragile...
Jessica Shattuck, The Women in the Castle|Do you imagine that a city can continue to exist and not be turned upside down, if the legal judgments which are pronounced in it have no force but are nullified and destroyed by private persons?
Jeff Goins|If you do the things you need to do when you need to do them, then someday you can do the things you want do when you want to do them.
Gloria Steinem|It was one of my dreams as a child, growing up in my little village with my cousins. We used to walk together, and I used to say, when you look at the world map, 'This town is there, that town is there, that river is there.' I used to say, 'One day, I'm going to travel these places.'
Paz de la Huerta|Procedures outside the stadiums and in the parking areas still need to be optimized, for example so that emergency medical services can leave the grounds on their way to the hospital faster.
Camille Paglia, Sexual Personae: Art and Decadence from Nefertiti to Emily Dickinson|Eroticism is mystique; that is, the aura of emotion and imagination around sex. It cannot be 'fixed' by codes of social or moral convenience, whether from the political left or right. For nature's fascism is greater than that of any society. There is a daemonic instability in sexual relations that we may have to accept.
Marian Jordan Ellis, Sex and the Single Christian Girl: Fighting for Purity in a Rom-Com World|Thus must the bewildered Wanderer stand, as so many have done, shouting question after question into the Sibyl-cave of Destiny, and receive no Answer but an Echo. It is all a grim howling of wild beasts, or the shrieks of despairing, hate-filled men...(The Everlasting No)
C.S. Lewis|Look at what I wrote at the beginning of this memoir. Have I caught anything at all of the extraordinary night when Paul Dempster was born? I am pretty sure that my little sketch of Percy Boyd Staunton is accurate, but what about myself? I have always sneered at autobiographies and memoirs in which the writer appears at the beginning as a charming, knowing little fellow, possessed of insights and perceptions beyond his years, yet offering these with false naivete to the reader, as though to say, 'What a little wonder I was, but All Boy.' Have the writers any notion or true collection of what a boy is?I have and I have reinforced it by forty-five years of teaching boys. A boy is a man in miniature, and though he may sometimes exhibit notable virtue, as well as characteristics that seem to be charming because they are childlike, he is also schemer, self-seeker, traitor, Judas, crook, and villain - in short, a man. Oh these autobiographies in which the writer postures and simpers as a David Copperfield or a Huck Finn! False, false as harlots' oaths!Can I write truly of my boyhood? Or will that disgusting self-love which so often attaches itself to a man's idea of his youth creep in and falsify the story? I can but try. And to begin I must give you some notion of the village in which Percy Boyd Staunton and Paul Dempster and I were born.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Why can she not influence him more, when she is privileged to drawso near to him?” I asked myself. “Surely she cannot truly like him, or notlike him with true affection! If she did, she need not coin her smiles solavishly, flash her glances so unremittingly, manufacture airs so elaborate,graces so multitudinous.
Ellen Dawn Benefield, Lost Among The Stars|... wanting nothing more than for it to unravel, unbind.
Raven San Jose|Beauty doesn't fade, it remains forever
Sarah Brazytis, Our Christmas Bear|The man jumped and stared at the two little girls. "What are you doing here?" he demanded.  "We live here, in the caretaker's cabin," Rosetta answered. "Do you need help?"  "Do I need help?" he roared. "What do you think, you little snippet?"  "What's a snippet?" asked Bianca innocently.
Walter Lord|I've played a ghost, cat, snake. I've been funny, sad. I've been filmed flying on screen. So why not spend time on something else? I don't need to accept everything I'm offered.
Akif Kichloo, The Feeling May Remain|They came and they left. You cried, but you stood your ground. You stayed tethered to hope as well as committed to dignified dreams and little victories of day-to-day life. You felt different. Then you started to change. Your smile returned with reticence before completely taking over your face. Today, you are no longer afraid to let that smile be there, and now you understand it was not about them. It was never about anyone else. This was about you from the day you were born. This was about you learning to love yourself—not letting the inferiority of the external corrupt the piety of the internal. This was your personal revolution. This was the uprising of your lifetime.And you won.
Laura Esquivel|Ali forced us to take a look at ourselves. This brash young man who thrilled us, angered us, confused and challenged us, ultimately became a silent messenger of peace who taught us that life is best when you build bridges between people, not walls.
St. Francis de Sales|So the single most vital step on your journey toward enlightenment is this: learn to disidentify from your mind. Every time you create a gap in the stream of mind, the light of your consciousness grows stronger. One day you may catch yourself smiling at the voice in your head, as you would smile at the antics of a child. This means that you no longer take the content of your mind all that seriously, as your sense of self does not depend on it.
K. D. Lang|Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It's being able to take it as well as dish it out. That's the only way you're going to get respect from the players.
Amit Kalantri|He was glad to be human. For sure, it was a great inconvenience to have to walk on two legs and wear clothes. There were so many things he didn’t know. Yet had he been a fish or a sunflower, and not a human being, he might never have experienced this emotion.
Auliq Ice|We look for things or people that are incorruptible. There is nothing incorruptible, merely uncorrupted. We neglect the role we play. We value innocence, but only the kind we cannot alter. We throw mud at purity and mock it for its stain.
Peter Paul Rubens|Support the strong, give courage to the timid, remind the indifferent, and warn the opposed.
Irina Shayk|There's no glory and no respect in making fun of the weak, the powerless.
Billy Collins|There are interesting forms of difficulty, and there are unprofitable forms of difficulty. I mean, I enjoy some difficult poetry, but some of it is impenetrable and I actually wouldn't want to penetrate it if I could, perhaps.
Elvira Baryakina, White Shanghai: A Novel of the Roaring Twenties in China|Except for the field organizers of strikes, who were pretty tough monkeys and devoted, most of the so-called Communists I met were middle-class, middle-aged people playing a game of dreams. I remember a woman in easy circumstances saying to another even more affluent: 'After the revolution even we will have more, won't we, dear?' Then there was another lover of proletarians who used to raise hell with Sunday picknickers on her property
Amby Burfoot|As we run, we become.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest Yo Mama Dirty Jokes: Yo Mama Funny, Dirty, Filthy Joke Book For Adults - Uncensored edition|Yo Mama's like a library, open to the public.
Denzel Washington|False happiness renders men stern and proud, and that happiness is never communicated. True happiness renders them kind and sensible, and that happiness is always shared.
Tennessee Williams, A Streetcar Named Desire|A childhood filled with adventures, happiness and unabated love.If only I could remember ...
George Boole|Do not share the knowledge with which you have been blessed with everyone in general, as you do with some people in particular; and know that there are some men in whom Allah, may He be glorified, has placed hidden secrets, which they are forbidden to reveal.
Jane Yolen|Love the writing, love the writing, love the writing... the rest will follow.
Marina Simcoe, The Real Thing|In a later chapter, less argued over and less well-known, Teccam explains that there are two types of secrets. There are secrets of the mouth and secrets of the heart. Most secrets are secrets of the mouth. Gossip shared and small scandals whispered. These secrets long to be let loose upon the world. A secret of the mouth is like a stone in your boot. At first you’re barely aware of it. Then it grows irritating, then intolerable. Secrets of the mouth grow larger the longer you keep them, swelling until they press against your lips. They fight to be let free. Secrets of the heart are different. They are private and painful, and we want nothing more than to hide them from the world. They do not swell and press against the mouth. They live in the heart, and the longer they are kept, the heavier they become.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|It's in the morning, for most of us. It's that time, those few seconds when we're coming out of sleep but we're not really awake yet. For those few seconds we're something more primitive than what we are about to become. We have just slept the sleep of our most distant ancestors, and something of them and their world still clings to us. For those few moments we are unformed, uncivilized. We are not the people we know as ourselves, but creatures more in tune with a tree than a keyboard. We are untitled, unnamed, natural, suspended between was and will be, the tadpole before the frog, the worm before the butterfly. We are for a few brief moments, anything and everything we could be. And then...and then -- ah -- we open our eyes and the day is before us and ... we become ourselves.
Rachel Zoe|I pay attention to my diet to be a healthier gymnast, but I'm not obsessive over it.
Mark F. LaMoure|A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and create reality by working to make it happen. Transform your dreams to the material world by writing your goals, taking action and by being determined to make them happen.
Deyth Banger|You may have numerous answers to your problems, but none can really solve them. Answers are not solutions.
Joelle Carter|I loved the idea of making history interesting for kids! When Scholastic approached me about 'The 39 Clues', I immediately started going through the 'greatest hits' from my years as a social studies teacher, and picked the historical characters and eras that most appealed to my students.
Jesús Huerta de Soto|The essential difference between rich societies and poor societies does not stem from any greater effort the former devote to work, nor even from any greater technological knowledge the former hold. Instead it arises mainly from the fact that rich nations possess a more extensive network of capital goods wisely invested from an entrepreneurial standpoint. These goods consists of machines, tools, computers, buildings, semi-manufactured goods, software, etc., and they exist due to prior savings of the nation's citizens. In other words, comparatively rich societies possess more wealth because they have more time accumulated in the form of capital goods, which places them closer in time to the achievement of much more valuable goals.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|LOVE is Leadership through Optimism, Value, and Endurance.
Joyce Meyer|I believe in my Mormon faith, and I endeavor to live by it. My faith is the faith of my fathers - I will be true to them and to my beliefs.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|If you cannot predict the betrayal from the ones that you love and trust the most, then you are living in a fool's paradise.
Dorothy Allison (Author)|Can a book make such a difference? Can it change you utterly?I know it can.(First essay from The Book That Changed My Life, edited by Roxanne J. Coady & Joy Johannessen)
Brooke Gladstone|The democratization of media means that anyone with a phone can become a celebrity. Our short-sighted focus on self-esteem in children means that everyone gets a trophy, universities and education are “brands” instead of places of learning, standardized testsare used to assess wisdom, and grade inflation is rampant. The tribe has been replaced with followers and likes. Our economy, our bodies, our health, our children, and frankly our psyches are in big trouble.
Stephen King, End of Watch|It’s about how some people carelessly squander what others would sell their souls to have: a healthy, pain-free body. And why? Because they’re too blind, too emotionally scarred, or too self-involved to see past the earth’s dark curve to the next sunrise. Which always comes, if one continues to draw breath.
Catherine Sanderson, Petite Anglaise|Lust, I suspect, wears repatent stilettos, that feather boa and not much else. Maybe glossy red lipstick.
Jesmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones|I watched my friend Eleanor give birth," she said. "Once you've seen a child born, you realize a baby's not much more than a reconstituted ham and cheese sandwich. Just a little anagram of you and what you've been eating for nine months.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You need to change the questions you ask yourself and of your situations, in order to change the trajectory of your life. These are questions that will help you define and refine your purpose.
William Gibson, Zero History|As she looked in the full-length mirror in her dressing room, she added a few ropes of pearls, pinned a white silk camellia, and draped the Chantilly lace shawl. In that moment, Dana thought of fashion's most enduring icon who created this elegant and alluring style, and the happy personal life that eluded her. Mademoiselle Chanel died in 1971 at the age of eighty-eight while working on her spring collection, but her passion for work did not fill the void of marriage and children. Her success was costly, but clearly the choice of an uncompromising woman determined to achieve greatness on her own. She once said, "I never wanted to weigh more heavily on a man than a bird.
Kathryn Schultz|That's what I want, a mental evidence I can feel. I don't want physical evidence, proof you have to go out and drag in. I want evidence that you can carry in your mind and always touch and smell and feel. But there's no way to do that. In order to believe in a thing you've got to carry it with you. You can't carry the Earth, or a man, in your pocket. I want a way to do that, carry things with me always, so I can believe in them. How clumsy to have to go to all the trouble of going out and bringing in something terribly physical to prove something. I hate physical things because they can be left behind and become impossible to believe in them.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|I can’t—won’t do that to him,” Summer says sharply. “Or to myself. Besides, your feelings for me aren’t real. The Society did this to you. And if they did it to you, they probably scrambled my brain too. I can’t trust that any of this is real.
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|Thus, though there is a psychological tendency of accepting the judge’s verdict and reasoning as expert reasoning and tinge of finality adorned to his discretely reasoned judgement, what cannot be forgotten is even judges are human with a fallibility in veins and to err is but human, hence placing  complete dependence on judicial reasoning also would be a folly, but it can be accepted as  a workable hypothesis, in my opinion.Further only concrete strands of tested reasoning and principles drawn from those concrete raison d’être , can be considered as one of the ingredient in concrete law making.
Maile Meloy, Both Ways is the Only Way I Want It|Diabetes is passed that way -- over and down, like a knight in chess.
C. JoyBell C.|She has a serene, glowing disposition. She looks at you and the rest of the world through the eyes of a lynx and is always mysterious, possibly because she always harbours those hidden laughs just beneath her lips. She’s always ready to laugh.
Sharon Stone|We have perhaps a natural fear of ends. We would rather be always on the way than arrive. Given the means, we hang on to them and often forget the ends.
Robert McCammon, The Queen of Bedlam|Grigsby had looked at him askance. “Why is it,” he said, “that I have the distinct impression you’re not surprised by this news?”	‘Surprised by the fact that the reverend is first and foremost a human being? Surprised by the fact that every human being, reverend or ribald, can be undone by capricious circumstances? Or should I be surprised by the fact that a man who teaches love and forgiveness can love and forgive? Tell me, Marmy, exactly what it is I should be surprised at?
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Brother, if any man thinks ill of you, do not be angry with him. For you are worse than he thinks you to be. If he charges you falsely on some point, yet be satisfied, for if he knew you better he might change the accusation and you would be no gainer by the correction.If you have your moral portrait painted and it is ugly, be satisfied. For it only needs a few blacker touches and it would be still nearer the truth. “I will be base in my own sight.” This was well said. Perhaps if David had carried it out more fully and had been rendered watchful thereby, it might have saved him from his great fall. A sense of electing love will render you base in your own sight.
John Green|No, I don’t think you’re gonna be single forever, and also I don’t understand your obsession with romantic love. There are other ways to have fulfilling relationships that can sustain you and make your life great and fun other than having a sexualized relationship. It’s not the only kind of fulfilling human interaction. So, even if you are single forever, that doesn’t mean that you’ve had some kind of failed life.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|One boy's a boy; two boys be half a boy, and three boys be no boy at all', ran the old country saying.
Anna Godbersen, Beautiful Days|And it killed me because I could never forget him. Couldn't because he'd permanently etched himself to me, left a part of himself forever within me. For so many years I'd loved him, but when he'd gone this time, he'd taken a part of me captive too, a piece that could never be retrieved because it would always belong to him...
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|The longer I think about a food industry organized around an animal that cannot reproduce itself without technical assistance, the more I mistrust it. Poultry, a significant part of the modern diet, is emblematic of the whole dirty deal. Having no self-sustaining bloodlines to back up the industry is like having no gold standard to underpin paper currency. Maintaining a natural breeding poultry flock is a rebellion, at the most basic level, against the wholly artificial nature of how foods are produced. 
Jan Brewer|That's one thing I don't think people consider nowadays. They want to believe in the importance of marriage, boil it down to just a signature on a legal document. But that's exactly what it is. If not, why not just get married without one?
Milena Michiko Flašar, I Called Him Necktie|Am I still writing? Unthinkable not to. In the very darkest night the words were like shiny pebbles. They caught the light of the moon and stars and reflected it back. One word among them that shone especially brightly. Simplicity. I would approach it, stepping softly, regard it from all sides, finally pick it up, enchanted by it, recognize that its enchantment lay in its shine, its pure meaning. Simplicity. To simply be there. Simply keep going. The longer I kept going, the easier it was to see how beautiful, simply beautiful, it is to be here. I would like to write about how this word shines. I'd like to write about the simplest things.
Sara Sheridan, Brighton Belle|Most fellas like the races, though, Miss. It’s only human nature
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Religion means life. Religion means true service in love to man and God. Religion means what ought to be understood within the confines of the laws of God. Religion means discipline. Religion means uplifting the falling. Religion means caring for they that suffer in latent and understanding why Christ came to die for us. Religion means development and expansion within the scope of the laws of God that safeguards life and protects the creations of the Creator. Religion means understanding what ought to be understood. Religion means understanding trials and why trials come our way, the tenacity to endure to the end and the rightful use of comfort to please God. Religion never means destroying lives. If we understand religion well, we shall know that religion means true love without bitterness. If we understand religion well, we shall know that religion means humility and a true submissive to the will of God. . If we understand religion well, we shall know that religion simply means dos and don’ts according to the scope, purpose and the will of God for our lives and not according to our own convictions and how we think things should be. Excessive religiosity is the root cause of contentions in religion.
Victoria Schwab, The Archived|Every lie needs, and gives birth to, another lie
Elizabeth Blackburn|Science is like a flashlight in the hands of people living in a huge balloon. They can illuminate anything in the balloon, but cannot shine it outside the balloon to see where it is floating - or if it is floating at all.
W.B. Yeats, Rosa Alchemica|I had fallen into a profound dream-like reverie in which I heard him speaking as at a distance. 'And yet there is no one who communes with only one god,' he was saying, 'and the more a man lives in imagination and in a refined understanding, the more gods does he meet with and talk with, and the more does he come under the power of Roland, who sounded in the Valley of Roncesvalles the last trumpet of the body's will and pleasure; and of Hamlet, who saw them perishing away, and sighed; and of Faust, who looked for them up and down the world and could not find them; and under the power of all those countless divinities who have taken upon themselves spiritual bodies in the minds of the modern poets and romance writers, and under the power of the old divinities, who since the Renaissance have won everything of their ancient worship except the sacrifice of birds and fishes, the fragrance of garlands and the smoke of incense. The many think humanity made these divinities, and that it can unmake them again; but we who have seen them pass in rattling harness, and in soft robes, and heard them speak with articulate voices while we lay in deathlike trance, know that they are always making and unmaking humanity, which is indeed but the trembling of their lips.
George Santayana|love make us poets, and the approach of death should make us philosophers.
Katie McGarry, Chasing Impossible|I mean what does a democracy depend on? A democracy depends on the individual voter making an intelligent and rational choice for what he regards as his enlightened self-interest, in any given circumstance.
Peggy Herring, This Innocent Corner|In love, in war, truth is rubber that can be pulled and stretched into an infinite number of shapes.
Michelle Obama|He’s always asking: ‘Is that new? I haven’t seen that before.’ It’s like, Why don’t you mind your own business? Solve world hunger. Get out of my closet.
Tom Feiling, Cocaine Nation: How the White Trade Took Over the World|Nothing could exceed his energy when the working fit was upon him: but now and again a reaction would seize him, and for days on end he would lie upon the sofa in the sitting- room, hardly uttering a word or moving a muscle from morning to night. On these occasions I have noticed such a dreamy, vacant expression in his eyes, that I might have suspected him of being addicted to the use of some narcotic, had not the temperance and cleanliness of his whole life forbidden such a notion.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Death lurks in the shadows, just out of view. Now and then I see his reaching hand, uncertain of the blurry image that passes before my eyes, but conscious of the crippling influence of his touch. Some say Death rears an ugly head, so hideous a view the beholder can scarcely gasp their last breath. Others call him beautiful, a sweet relief to look upon. But these are rumors babbled by the unknowing. For Death is like the gorgon, Medusa, who when perceived, turns the body to stone. Those who know Death take the knowledge of his shadowed face with them to wherever it is he leads our dearly departed by the hand. All who are left behind must wait their turn to glance into the eyes of the one who will close our mouths forever.
Ben Silbermann|I'm not a prophet; I can only use historical reality to come to a view of the future, and my view is that Africa will return to being African and not European. The advent of colonialism was foreign to the country itself, but it will return to what it was before the Europeans arrived.
Topsy Gift|Those who don't plan will end up delaying their dreams, visions, and goals
Steeven Shaw|Arrogance kills Creativity, Curiosity and Passion. Stop it and you'll learn more.
Chögyam Trungpa, Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism|If you are involved with the intensity of crescendo situations, with the intensity of tragedy, you might begin to see the humor of these situations as well. As in music, when we hear the crescendo building, suddenly if the music stops, we begin to hear the silence as part of the music.
Sunday Adelaja|Wasting time is when seconds, minutes and hours are passing without being converted
Motorhead|The right song can turn an emperor into a laughingstock, can bring down dynasties.
Shannon Drake, Come the Morning|Farkında mısınız leydim bilmiyorum ama benimle pazarlık ettiniz, bana emir verdiniz, beni ikna etmeye çalıştınız. Her türlü yolu denediniz, sadece bir yol kaldı.”“Neymiş o?”“Lütfen demek.
Megan Whalen Turner, The King of Attolia|If we truly trust no one, we cannot survive.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|From now on, every Christmas, let's have a tradition where we eat soup out of a can by the fire.
Steven Cuoco|It’s not wasting time when you sit and look upon the roses, they remind you, every rose has a thorn!
Amy E. Spiegel, Letting Go of Perfect: Women, Expectations, and Authenticity|..."Dont marry an orange and expect him to turn into an apple." If you want an orange, great. If not, put him back in the proverbial fruit bowl for someone else to enjoy and move on.
Paul Tobin, Prepare to Die!|Lots of men think that women should tell the truth, explain their feelings. These men should use their wishes more wisely. (Prepare To Die!, p.27)
Christie Brinkley|We've all experienced those days when we feel like an absolute failure. It's a normal feeling when things don't go as exactly planned. And, when we feel like that, it's challenging to think of yourself as a successful individual.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|You’re right.” A wicked little grin tugged at his lips. “I think we should celebrate.” Pausing, he waggled his brows at me. “We have fifty minutes now. I only need, like, five of them.”“Oh my God,” I laughed, shoving at his shoulders. “You’re terrible.”“I’m not terrible.” His eyes met mine, and the flutter was back, deeper and more dizzying. “I’m in love.”Oh, gosh. My heart swelled like a balloon, and all I could do was stare at him for several seconds before I managed to whisper, “I love you, too.”“I know.” Rider lowered his mouth to mine, and the kiss scattered my thoughts.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He flipped himself onto his side and kissed me. "You're so hot," I said, my hand still on his leg. "I'm starting to think you have an amputee fetish," he answered, still kissing me. I laughed."I have an Augustus Waters fetish," I explained.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|The divine mandate to use the world justly and charitably, then, defines every person's moral predicament as that of a steward. But this predicament is hopeless and meaningless unless it produces an appropriate discipline: stewardship. And stewardship is hopeless and meaningless unless it involves long-term courage, perseverance, devotion, and skill. This skill is not to be confused with any accomplishment or grace of spirit or of intellect. It has to do with everyday proprieties in the practical use and care of the created things - with "right livelihood.
Carl Rogers|So vast is art, so narrow human wit.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|There it is."And he watched with now-gentle sorrow and now-quick delight, and at last quiet acceptance as all the bits and pieces of his house mixed, stirred, settled, poised, and ran steadily again."The Happiness Machine," he said. "The Happiness Machine.
Michael F. Stewart, Counting Wolves|I start to count. This is the important part. I have to count right. Not too fast, nor too slow. All the way to one hundred. It must be spoken aloud, without interruption. Whispering is acceptable; the count keeps my wolf to the Dark Wood. It keeps me on safety’s slender path.
Rachel Manley|This body needs me to say yes to it, just as it is right now. No more singing that same old jingle of body-shame and dieter's promised lands.
Robin McKinley, Sunshine|A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|God sent an angel to me, I’ve waited for so long to have you in my life and now it’s real ….and sounds awesome … I really really love you
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Every man's island, Jean Louise, every man's watchman, is his conscience. There is no such thing as a collective conscience.
William S. Burroughs, The Cat Inside|Japanese goldfish,With your gossamer tail,You are the loveliest creatureI have ever seen.""Japanese kitten,Put your tongue back in where it belongsAnd go away.I know exactly what you are thinking.
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|Man,ought to take care o his own business.don't you think, Mr. Mayor?
Matt Haig, The Humans|Some days are hard on us. Life gets serious and shit sucks. But you're my favorite distraction, attraction and human being. And, I can't wait to love you more tomorrow.
Keith Heyer Meldahl, Hard Road West: History and Geology along the Gold Rush Trail|We live and we die, but we are made of sterner stuff. The carbon atoms in our fingernails, the calcium in our bones, the iron atoms in our blood -- all the countless trillions of atoms of which we are made -- are ancient objects. They existed before us, before the Earth itself, in fact. And after each of us dies, they will depart from our bodies and do other things. Forever.
L.P. Hartley, Facial Justice|I wanted to protect my professorial dignity and not lay myself open to laughter from the Americans, who when they do laugh, laugh raucously
Rita Ora|I think my dad is highly gender-neutral. If he doesn't like someone, he'll articulate that, and I think it's also part of what resonates about him. He'll say what he's thinking.
Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Boyfriend|It was a myth you couldn't function on opiates: shooting up was one thing but for someone like me-jumping at pigeons beating from the sidewalk, afflicted with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder practically to the point of spasticity and cerebral palsy-pills were the key to being not only competent, but high-functioning.
Tana French|These are open secrets, so to speak. Of the kind we dare not articulate, for fear of wounding those close to us.
Christopher Morley, The Haunted Bookshop|The battle for the gospel in the opening years of the twenty-first century is being fought not primarily in the lecture rooms of North American seminaries but in the shanty towns, urban slums and villages of Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Eagles, Hotel California|In self-defense and in defense of the innocent, cowardice is the only sin.
Sy Montgomery, Journey of the Pink Dolphins: An Amazon Quest|Envy the fire, for it is either going or not. Fires do not feel happy, sad, angry. They burn, or they do not burn.
Jess C. Scott, Soulmates|Hate was the other side of love, wasn’t it? That’s what passion was like with her—to the highest of highs and the lowest of lows. We traveled to heaven and hell together. Earth wasn’t in the picture, and that was a problem.
Pablo Neruda, Then Come Back: The Lost Neruda Poems|Dark is the world’s night without you my love,
P.C. Cast, Revealed|Honesty is nothing more than a party trick, and you know how much I love to dance.
Debasish Mridha|Love and take care of yourself because you are your best friend, and you have to live with yourself rest of the life.
Cole Swindell|If you can't relax during your interview, then nothing you do to prepare will matter. Being yourself is essential to the selection process, and interviewers will feel it if you're too nervous. Showing fear or anxiety appears weak compared to a relaxed smile and genuine confidence.
Deidre Huesmann, Howl of the Sequoia|She flew across the turbulent gust.Her eyes fixed, her wings strongShe flies and flies and flies along.To reach high, to open her wings to the breathing sun rise.
Bharath Mamidoju|There is, in fact, no need to drag politics into literary theory: as with South African sport, it has been there from the beginning. I mean by the political no more than the way we organize our social life together, and the power-relations which this involves; and what I have tried to show throughout this book is that the history of modern literary theory is part of the political and ideological history of our epoch. From Percy Bysshe Shelley to Norman N. Holland, literary theory has been indissociably bound up with political beliefs and ideological values. Indeed literary theory is less an object of intellectual enquiry in its own right than a particular perspective in which to view the history of our times. Nor should this be in the least cause for surprise. For any body of theory concerned with human meaning, value, language, feeling and experience will inevitably engage with broader, deeper beliefs about the nature of human individuals and societies, problems of power and sexuality, interpretations of past history, versions of the present and hopes for the future. It is not a matter of regretting that this is so — of blaming literary theory for being caught up with such questions, as opposed to some 'pure' literary theory which might be absolved from them. Such 'pure' literary theory is an academic myth: some of the theories we have examined in this book are nowhere more clearly ideological than in their attempts to ignore history and politics altogether. Literary theories are not to be upbraided for being political, but for being on the whole covertly or unconsciously so — for the blindness with which they offer as a supposedly 'technical', 'self-evident', 'scientific' or 'universal' truth doctrines which with a little reflection can be seen to relate to and reinforce the particular interests of particular groups of people at particular times.
Rachel Kushner|Someone had an eye on me as I was leaving high school. I had a chance to record demos, but they were kind of wanting to make a pop singer out of me, of the 'X Factor' variety. I didn't feel comfortable with it. I wanted to be a songwriter.
Chris  Anderson, The Numbers Game: Why Everything You Know About Soccer Is Wrong|Exactly. We don't belong here. They're not staring out of disdain, Jordan; they're staring out of jealousy. We don't have to be a part of the horrible modelling industry. You don't have to watch what you eat and I don't have to worry about how many zits are on my face. We can be whoever the fuck we want, a type of liberty that a majority of people crave.
Robert L. Millet, Coming to Know Christ|And we talk of Christ, we rejoice in Christ, we preach of Christ, we prophesy of Christ, and we write according to our prophecies, that our children may know to what source they may look for a remission of their sins.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Sometimes I reread my favorite books from back to front. I start with the last chapter and read backward until I get to the beginning. When you read this way, characters go from hope to despair, from self-knowledge to doubt. In love stories, couples start out as lovers and end as strangers. Coming-of-age books become stories of losing your way. Your favorite characters come back to life.
Krista Ritchie, Kiss the Sky|Whether it's men, women—it doesn't really matter. The human race is filled with passion and lust. And to coin terms like heterosexuality, homosexuality or even bisexuality makes no sense to me. You are human. You love who you love. You fuck who you fuck. That should be enough—no labels. No stigmas. Nothing. Just be to be.But life isn't that kind. People will always find things to hate.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|The 330 million gods and goddesses of the Hindu culture act as placebo for the masses, just like other gods of other cultures do.
Ishmael Emmanuel Balfour|You are not alone if you are lonely,When you feel afraid, you're not the only.
A. Lynn, Itsy's Ugly|In the darkness, she listened to the silence. She wallowed in the beautiful nothing it made.
C. JoyBell C.|The masses live their lives as defined by terms given by society. For example: this is what it means to be married, this is what it means to be in a relationship, this is what it means to be dating, this is what it means to have a mutual understanding, sighs, this is what it means to be serious, this is what it means to be casual, this is what it means to be complicated, this is what it means to be Facebook official. These are all terms given by society. These are all invisible (and not so invisible) lines, drawn by society. These are are not God-lines. These are not borders created by highly enlightened individuals. These are not terms defined by you during moments of highly elevated consciousness. No. These are only shits. A pure soul, completely whole and void of constriction, will look out into the world with untainted eyes and say: "Where is the one whom my soul recognizes?" And you look for the one whom your soul is sired to, whom your soul recognizes, whom your soul loves. There are no laws, there are no lines, there are no borders. There is no shit. You are committed to the call of your soul, to the power that calls you beyond all the cloaks and the traps and the smallness created by small hands.
Enda Kenny|I've loved every minute I've spent in television. And I've had much more failure, as traditionally measured, than success in television. I've done four shows, and only one of them was the 'West Wing.'
Octavia E. Butler|There is nothing new under the sun, but there are new suns.
Robert Davis Stevenson|For my part, i travel not to go anywhere but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I hope the day will never come when the church abandons the “class meeting” and the prayer service . . .The old-fashioned “testimony” meeting should be revived, for through this medium we can share with others our faith and triumphs as well as our needs and mistakes.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|Faith is not a blind thing; for faith begins with knowledge. It is not a speculative thing; for faith believes facts of which it is sure. It is not an unpractical, dreamy thing; for faith trusts, and stakes its destiny upon the truth of revelation.
Joshua Winning, Sentinel|He tossed a word like a ball, never letting it fall. Instead it swam in the air, without care, strung together with an art that came straight from his heart.
Niklaus Wirth|As a group, we want to follow good and green strategy. Setting targets is one element of that. The second part is to design products which meet environmental goals.
Tim Challies, The Next Story: Life and Faith after the Digital Explosion|Human communication, 'as the saying goes, is a clash of symbols' it covers a multitude of signs. But it is more than media and messages, information and persuasion; it also meets a deeper need and serves a higher purpose. Whether clear or garbled, tumultuous or silent, deliberate or fatally inadvertent, communication is the ground of meeting and the foundation of community. It is, in short, the essential human connection.
Michael Bassey Johnson|An introvert talks more than an extrovert because when the mouth is closed, the mind is opened.
G.S. Jennsen, Restless|Holy Jesus God, it's the Gerps shootin' us up!" the manager shouted. He hadn't known whether to say Germans or Japs, and came out with both at once.
Nikki Rowe|I learnt my best lessons from some of the worst people & I look back now and think thank fuck I let you go, I deserved to grow.
Liv Tyler|I heard the old, old, men say 'all that's beautiful drifts away, like the waters.'
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Asking questions is an opportunity for creativity and personal expression, both for the person asking and the person answering.
Sandra Bullock|When I was a kid, I never did funny things to get attention. I was never a funny person. I was never, like, 'Oh, wow. I could say this some day on stage.'
Nisan Ahmado|I always encourage my sisters to be fearless, it is never too late to stop the damage or accept change.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|When my parents passed on, and we read their wills, we discovered something we didn’t at all expect, especially from our devoutly Catholic mother: they had both left instructions that their bodies be donated to science. We were bewildered and we were pissed. They wanted their cadavers to be used by medical students, they wanted their flesh to be cut into and their cancerous organs examined. We were breathless. They wanted no elaborate funerals, no expense incurred for such stuff – they hated wasting money or time on ceremony, on appearances. When they died there was little left – the house, the cars. And their bodies, and they gave those away. To offer them to strangers was disgusting, wrong, embarrassing. And selfish to us, their children, who would have to live with the thought of their cold weight sinking on silver tables, surrounded by students chewing gum and making jokes about the location of freckles. But then again: Nothing can be preserved. It’s all on the way out, from the second it appears, and whatever you have always has one eye on the exit, and so screw it. As hideous and uncouth as it is, we have to give it all away, our bodies, our secrets, our money, everything we know: All must be given away, given away every day, because to be human means: 1. To be good 2. To save nothing
Sam Worthington|HBO is really famous for hiring good people and staying out of their way until they ask for help, or need it. And that reputation is earned.
Dave Barry, Peter and the Starcatchers|But if I hadn't shoved you off the boat back there,you'd be lost at sea now,wouldn't you? We'd all be lost! So thanks to me you're all standing on land."(Pirates, its a good thing they're idiots)
Lailah Gifty Akita|Please, Lord gives power to obey your commandment
S.E. Hinton, The Outsiders|Before aligning the body to the future, the mind has to straighten out from the impairment or religion.
Don McCullin|The ultimate relationship between justice and law will be an eternal subject for speculation and analysis. But it may be said that in a democratic society, law is the form which free men give to justice.
Luella Christie, Nana Joop|Leonora is the grownups’ version of Cinderella. She doesn’t take crap from any ugly stepsisters. She doesn’t sit indoors waiting to be rescued by prince charming. Oh, no, she rescues prince charming, Florestan, who’s locked up in a dungeon by his archenemy, Pizarro. Cinderella was fun when we were little girls, played with dolls and believed in passive fairytales. Now that we’re grown women who play with toys, it’s only fit to believe in active fairytales.
Aaron Rodgers|I don't regret what I've been through. I've had ups and downs, super highs and some really low lows. I've been so blessed that I could never say, 'I wish this didn't happen.' It's part of who I am. There's nothing in my life that's so ugh.
Anne Rainey, Forbidden Fruit|He brought his lips and hot breath close to her ear. “And once I have you bound and helpless, how should I take you? Missionary? From behind? Against the wall?” He pulled back to face her. “Or all ways?”She inched her legs further apart, and nodded.
John Derbyshire, We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism|Our political system is now run by the Big People for their own interests. If they ever deign to notice the Little People, it is with disdain and contempt.
Misty Copeland|Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art.
Karen A. Baquiran|When we live free in the eyes of our spirit, everything superficial that we were once conditioned to believe no longer matters. We should live only with the intention of LOVE and channel that power outward into the world.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|How terrible," said Eragon, "to die alone, separate even from the one who is closest to
Danielle LaPorte, White Hot Truth: Clarity for Keeping It Real on Your Spiritual Path from One Seeker to Another|I needed someone to tell me that I was sane, that I was special, and that I wasn't all that special.
Eric Schmidt|Harriet Washington, in 'Medical Apartheid: The Dark History of Medical Experimentation on Black Americans from Colonial Times to the Present,' documents the smallpox experiments Thomas Jefferson performed on his Monticello slaves. In fact, much of what we now think of as public health emerged from the slave system.
Thomas Sowell, Knowledge And Decisions|This plea comes from the bottom of my heart. Every friend of freedom, and I know you are one, must be as revolted as I am by the prospect of turning the United States into an armed camp, by the vision of jails filled with casual drug users and of an army of enforcers empowered to invade the liberty of citizens on slight evidence. A country in which shooting down unidentified planes "on suspicion" can be seriously considered as a drug-war tactic is not the kind of United States that either you or I want to hand on to future generations.
Jason Born, Wald Vengeance|Largely, now, it was not anger he felt, but rather a kind of bone-scraping, quiet, ever-present sorrow. To come to the place that was supposed to stay the same, to come and find it changed. Dr. Miller had warned him against what he called the 'geographic cure.' You can't fix yourself by going somewhere else, he'd said. You'll always take yourself along.
Bhavya Kaushik, The Other Side of the Bed|Do you know that feeling - The feeling of being alive and dead, both at the same time? When it seems like you are just going through with different notions of life, without actually living it. I do, I know that feeling very well. I live with it, eat with it and often sleep with it.
Bono, Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas|The past is not a place I like to visit. This project is forcing me to go there, to tidy up my thoughts. I'm not normally a navel-gazer. I've always thought you find yourself in other people. I'm visiting here. I don't want to set up house.
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|Desire acts as a honey trap to the unwary male, luring him into unworthy and catastrophic enterprises. The beauty of the Narnian witches isn't ancillary to their evil, but integral to it, one of the weapons in their arsenal. Evil must, after all, appear attractive if it's going to be tempting, and from there it's only a small step further to the conclusion that feminine beauty is inherently wicked.
Roy Romer|A smartphone links patients' bodies and doctors' computers, which in turn are connected to the Internet, which in turn is connected to any smartphone anywhere. The new devices could put the management of an individual's internal organs in the hands of every hacker, online scammer, and digital vandal on Earth.
Scribendi, Effective Business Communication|But developing relationships with coworkers—your peers, superiors, and subordinates—is incredibly important, perhaps even the most important thing you’ll do at work, and this is completely dependent on your communication skills.
Clayton Lessor MA, LPC|Healing, it turns out, is a journey. It doesn’t happen all at once.
Marion Nestle, Pet Food Politics: The Chihuahua in the Coal Mine|To speak only of food inspections: the United States currently imports 80% of its seafood, 32% of its fruits and nuts, 13% of its vegetables, and 10% of its meats. In 2007, these foods arrived in 25,000 shipments a day from about 100 countries. The FDA was able to inspect about 1% of these shipments, down from 8% in 1992. In contrast, the USDA is able to inspect 16% of the foods under its purview. By one assessment, the FDA has become so short-staffed that it would take the agency 1,900 years to inspect every foreign plant that exports food to the United States.
Julianna Baggott, Fuse|When I first met you, I thought we were made for each other even though we seemed like opposites in some ways and we fought. But now...""What?""Now I feel like we weren't made for each other. We're making each other—into the people we should become. Do you know what I mean?
Suzanna J. Linton, Clara|Before she could let herself think, Clara burst from the door and bolted for the table. People just began turning when she grasped the guest and shoved him to the ground, the chair flying backwards. Wine and food spilled everywhere as he flung out his arms. For a moment, she felt a swift pressure, as if her hair was being pulled, before strong hands gripped her, flinging her to the floor. A boot pressed into her back and she felt the cold tip of blade on her neck above her slave's collar.
Eraldo Banovac|If one is not prepared to fail, there is no way to achieve success inbusiness and life.
David Cassidy|As a precocious teen I dreamed of being Graham Greene. Well, as it turned out, I never wrote a great novel, sadly, and I never converted to Catholicism, happily, but I did do one thing he did. That is, in middle age I moved to a seaside town and got into a right barney with the local powers-that-be.
Donna Lynn Hope|People like us are dead to society unless we’re pretentious, tell people what they want to hear, take off our clothes, or pretend to be like them.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|He remembered the old-timers from his navy days. Grizzled lifers who could soundly sleep while two meters away their shipmates played a raucous game of poker or watched the vids with the volume all the way up. Back then he'd assumed it was just learned behavior, the body adapting so it could get enough rest in an environment that never really had downtime. Now he wondered if those vets found the constant noise preferable. A way to keep their lost shipmates away. They probably went home after their twenty and never slept again.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|I become more than ever convinced that it was not the sword that won a place for Islam in those days. It was the rigid simplicity, the utter self-effacement of Hussein, the scrupulous regard for pledges, his intense devotion to his friends and followers and his intrepidity, his fearlessness, his absolute trust in God and in his own mission. These and not the sword carried everything before them and surmounted every obstacle.
Julianne Donaldson, Blackmoore|I think the most profound beauty is found in what our hearts love. And I love this, Kate, more than I love anything else. It is beyond beautiful to me. It is home. It is..." He paused, and squinted a little, as if looking into the sun, but his gaze stayed steady on me. "It is the sight I want to see every day, for the rest of my life.
Caitlin Moran, Moranthology|Parents drinking is the reason you came into the world, and if we didn't keep doing it then, by God, it would be the reason you went back out of it.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|The gaps are the thing. The gaps are the spirit's one home, the altitudes and latitudes so dazzlingly spare and clean that the spirit can discover itself like a once-blind man unbound. The gaps are the clefts in the rock where you cower to see the back parts of God; they are fissures between mountains and cells the wind lances through, the icy narrowing fiords splitting the cliffs of mystery. Go up into the gaps. If you can find them; they shift and vanish too. Stalk the gaps. Squeak into a gap in the soil, turn, and unlock—more than a maple—universe.
Debasish Mridha|Without a rest, test yourself against the best, and then try to find a way to be better.
John Medina, Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School|The more personal an example, the more richly it becomes encoded and the more readily it is remembered.
Sudha Nair, The Wedding Tamasha|Cow, goat, chicken, lamb . . . only slaves eat like this,’ Musa said, heaping an impolite amount on to his plate. ‘Our stomachs are graveyards.
Avina Celeste|If you want peace, stop labeling yourself. We all label ourselves at some point. We tell ourselves these traits that make us stand out. I am a patient person. I am smart. But what happens when we fail at being what we tell ourselves we are? What if I say something really stupid? Am I now a stupid person?These labels only stand to hurt us in the future. They make us doubt ourselves and they separate us from other people. When you label yourself, you, in turn, begin labeling others. Oh, that Jane, she is so rude. And now, as you have defined her in your mind, she is rude. Regardless of 'Jane's' future actions, she is rude.Labels set parameters on the world. They limit it when the world should be impossible to define and ever-changing.So, pause before you label.
Stuart Woods, Unintended Consequences|again, her singing was her only absolute, the only thing that was completely her. a thousand classes hadn't given her this concrete insight: her voice was her place in the world, the home she leaves in the morning and returns to at night, in which she can be herself in her entirety and hope to be loved for all that she is and in spite of all she is.
Rory McIlroy|I think one of the reasons that we like conspiracy theories is I think that we like to feel like there is a group of people who are so smart and powerful that they can pull the wool over an entire country or in fact even an entire world's eyes. That certainly makes us feel like somehow we're protected, even if it's not in our best interest.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|She could, she thinks, have entered a different life. She could have had a life as potent and dangerous as literature itself.
Stacie Cassarino, Zero at the Bone|Remember Rio de Janeiro, the size of God’s hand, sardines fleshed-open at the market, the way I entered you and moved inside? Looking down, is this the kind of density you can live with? What is the slightness of our bodies to stay, to be good at loving a second time? My mouth pretends it is an oar when it lives inside your mouth, but you are far away.
A.F. Stewart, Killers and Demons II: They Return|No, the events which I am about to describe were simply too monstrous, too shocking to appear in print. They still are. It is no exaggeration to suggest that they would tear apart the entire fabric of society and, particularly at a time of war, this is something I cannot risk.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|How many did she kill?”“Dozens, my Lord, until her sword was dull with the blood of her enemies.”Reign stroked the edge of the dagger with his forefinger until a drop of blood was drawn. The blood absorbed into the blade. “Only that? I will see her bathed in blood before me.
Vladimir Nabokov, Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle|The cosmic perspective not only embraces our genetic kinship with all life on Earth but also values our chemical kinship with any yet-to-be discovered life in the universe, as well as our atomic kinship with the universe itself.
Ann Brasco|Meditation, practiced individually and as a family, helps with a different type of peace. It is not a calm absent of noise and confusion but a calm that persists in the very center of the noise and the chaos. Ten minutes daily can transform your life.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Wretched of the Earth|Other girls play with soft toys,” I said, “and you play with knives…
S.K. Rizzolo, The Rose in the Wheel|Charleston is an extraordinary place. There is a deep connection between the residents and nearly three hundred and fifty years of history, and those ties between daily life and the distant past are strengthened by the occasional glimpse beyond the veil.
Susanna Sonnenberg, She Matters: A Life in Friendships|There is nothing that anyone can get past a forty-five-year-old woman.” We laugh hard, the first honest sound I make that afternoon, or in many days, each of us feeling the ravages of experience, our debt to enduring. We are not to be fucked with. We rule. Even as we age and help our children push past us, as we worry about the estimate for the roof, forget things we meant to do, regard our widening bodies, we rule. We’ve returned again and again to our original selves for another look; we have refined our purpose. Changes we thought we’d been resisting have anyway been wrought, and they have made us unbreakable.
Calvin Trillin|It's funny how seeing a love story never gets boring, because it's the dream, isn't it? It's the dream to have a true connection with another human being.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Men tend to treat women as fragile creatures, but our bodies were built to withstand pain and hard work, think with profound insight. We were created to do what men can’t. And if that isn’t reason enough for us to be treated equal, I’m not sure what is.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Among the fluctuation of the river currents, an abyss as green as the sea, its extension and profundity as immense as the ocean opened before me: the eyes of a beautiful girl. I succumbed into that abyss instantly, like a man who falls from the highest cliff into the ocean …… and I drowned.
Binoy Boban|Sport should be in your Blood/Veins, Not in the Joints or Bones
Viswanathan Anand|This, then, is the test we must set for ourselves; not to march alone but to march in such a way that others will wish to join us.
Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays|Relinquish! What! my vocation? My great work? My foundation laid on earth for a mansion in heaven? My hopes of being numbered in the band who have merged all ambitions in the glorious one of bettering their race - of carrying knowledge into the realms of ignorance - of substituting peace for war - freedom for bondage - religion for superstition - the hope of heaven for the fear of hell? Must I relinquish that? It is dearer than the blood in my veins. It is what I have to look forward to, and to live for.
Amit Kalantri|To keep your conscience at peace and your respect at high, don't follow those orders which make no sense.
Michael Jordan|When the seagulls follow the trawler, it is because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea. 
Bernard Werber, L'Empire des anges|Радость. Долг каждого человека - взращивать свою внутреннюю радость. Но многие религии забыли это правило. Большинство храмов темны и холодны. Литургическая музыка помпезна и грустна. Священники одеваются в черное. Ритуалы прославляют пытки мучеников и соперничают в изображении жестокостей. Как если бы мучения, которые претерпели их пророки, были свидетельствами их истинности.Не является ли радость жизни лучшим способом отблагодарить Бога за его существование, если он существует? А если Бог существует, почему он должен быть мрачным существом?
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|Mass shootings are all part of a vast Left-wing conspiracy to undermine the 2nd Amendment and deprive your 6-year-old of his God-given right to bring a Bushmaster to class for "show and tell" ... The one he got from his psychotic, meth-addicted uncle's trailer while the latter was out getting the Confederate flag tattooed on his face. Remember, guns don't kill: the dimwits who insist EVERYONE should have the right to own 'em do.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Since you can’t be influence by people who hate you, you cannot influence people you hate also.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|No matter how worldly I became, there was always that one part of me that never forgot where I came from and how simple life was there.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|Mate. He’d told Hayden he would stick to his routine. That meant watching the game at her apartment on Sunday and maintaining their friendship. His logical mind fought against his growing urges. Last night, he couldn’t have a simple conversation without touching her. And she didn’t make things any easier. He could smell the desire pouring out of her. It took every ounce of his self-control to hold himself back. At times, it was painful. “I know what I’m doing. I’ve got the situation under control.”	Cam laughed. “Like you did yesterday? Dude, we both know it’s only going to get worse. You’re like a ticking sex bomb.”	Deep down, Kaden knew he was right. Annabelle would become an irresistible, unquenchable thirst. Ordinarily, she would feel the same pull, but there was no way to know how a human would react. “There’s no such thing as a sex bomb.”	Cam spread himself flat across the sofa with his arms crossed behind his head. “Yeah, well, there definitely should be.”	“Be serious.”	He sat up. “I’m trying to tell you, it’s foolish to fight the bond between you. You’d be better off going with it and letting the panties drop where they may.”	And what would happen if he did bond with her? There was no chance it would ever work out between them. He had to hide who he was from the world. A life with him meant Annabelle would have to lie to her friends and family about their relationship. He would never be able to marry her or give her the children she wanted. They’d talked about her dreams for a white picket fence and a family. Even if she were willing to give up those things, wouldn’t he be putting her life in danger? A dull ache formed in the pit of his chest. “You know that’s not possible.”	If he could somehow push away these human emotions of his, maybe he stood a chance of keeping her in his life. Maybe someday he could actually be happy for her if she found a suitable mate. He dug his fingernails into the palms of his hands at the thought of her with a human. “I have to go. She’s waiting for me.”	“Don’t forget the condoms,” Cam shouted out. “Matter of fact, you might want to double up. With all your pent-up frustration, there’s bound to be an explosion.”	“Hilarious,” he replied, shutting the door behind him as he made his way toward his truck. Once inside, he slid his seat belt on and leaned back against the head cushion with his eyes closed. Filled with self-doubt, he worried that he wouldn’t be able to handle it. But he had to.	For the sake of everyone he loved, he had to find a way.
Jon Meacham, American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House|(...) I do want to leave, in the desperate way that an animal wants to escape a trap. Wild and rabid. Ready to gnaw through bone.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|those, who are believed to be most self—abased and humble, are generally in reality the most ambitious and envious
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Soaring is in stages, it progresses as you engage in the very art.
Ed Sheeran|Be a true Heart, not a follower.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|In Tereza’s eyes, books were the emblems of a secret brotherhood. For she had but a single weapon against the world of crudity surrounding her: the novels. She had read any number of them, from Fielding to Thomas Mann. They not only offered the possibility of an imaginary escape from a life she found unsatisfying; they also had a meaning for her as physical objects: she loved to walk down the street with a book under her arm. It had the same significance for her as an elegant cane from the dandy a century ago. It differentiated her from others.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Relegated as he was to a corner and as though sheltered behind the billiard table, the soldiers, their eyes fixed upon Enjolras, had not even noticed Grantaire, and the sergeant was preparing to repeat the order: 'Take aim!' when suddenly they heard a powerful voice cry out beside them, 'Vive la Republique! Count me in.'Grantaire was on his feet. The immense glare of the whole combat he had missed and in which he had not been, appeared in the flashing eyes of the transfigured drunkard.He repeated, 'Vive la Republique!' crossed the room firmly, and took his place in front of the muskets beside Enjolras.'Two at one shot,' he said.And, turning toward Enjolras gently, he said to him, 'Will you permit it?'Enjolras shook his hand with a smile.The smile had not finished before the report was heard.Enjolras, pierced by eight bullets, remained backed up against the wall is if the bullets had nailed him there. Except that his head was tilted. Grantaire, struck down, collapsed at his feet.
Talon P.S., Becoming His Slave|Max, you can change your mind.” His voice was like autumn leaves droppinglightly onto the ground.“I don’t know how.”Then my throat felt tight, and I rubbed my fists against my eyes. I droppedmy face onto my arms, crossed over my knees. This sucked! I wanted to be backwith the oth-Fang’s hand gently smoothed my hair off my neck. My breath froze in mychest, and every sense seemed hyperalert. His hand stroked my hair again, sosoftly, and then trailed across my neck and shoulder and down my back, makingme shiver.I looked up. “What the heck are you doing?”“Helping you change your mind,” he whispered, and then he leaned over,tilted my chin up, and kissed me.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|We make tactless remarks because we wish to hurt, break our legs because we do not wish to walk, marry the wrong man because we cannot let ourselves be happy, board the wrong train because we would prefer not to reach the destination.
Sheryl Crow|With age comes a greater wisdom, an ease and comfort with oneself.
V.S. Atbay|People are looking for chimes and resonances. Chimes leave echoes, and that's what rhyme is. Poetry is about leaving an echo imprint in somebody else's head, in the dark snow of their mind.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Path of Minor Planets|It's just that, you know how it is in some relationships, how one of them is a little more in love. Well, it's like that with friendships. Sometimes one of them thinks they're really close, closer than they are. And the other doesn't feel that way.
William Shenstone|Ambition has but one reward for all: A little power, a little transient fame; A grave to rest in, and a fading name!
Robert B. Parker, Looking For Rachel Wallace|Rachel drank some more bourbon. “What I am trying to do,” she said, “is tothank you. And to say it as genuinely as I can. I do thank you. I will remember aslong as I live when you came into the room and got me, and I will alwaysremember when you killed them, and I was glad, and you came and we put ourarms around each other. And I will always remember that you cried.
Charles Dickens|Each person leaves a legacy -- a single, small piece of herself, which makes richer each individual life and the collective life of humanity as a whole.
Cristina Martín|The city was a machine of its own, continuously producing. We were constantly pumped out through its assembly line, in different forms or models. We came hardwired with different stories, dark secrets, vices, and defects. Over time, we fail and come to find our end, but the city continues onwards.
Michael  Jackson|I'm starting with the man in the mirror,I'm asking him to change his ways;And no message could have been any clearer,If you wanna make the world a better place,Take a look at yourself, and then make a change!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|God is the message owner; prophets and pastors are messengers. It's happens on no account when the messenger becomes greater than the message owner! Let's us avoid these "human worships", confining our source of hope in prophets, kings, presidents, lawyers, etc. God deserves the greatest honour!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Prior preparation is Success divided by half. Once you have fully prepared, every hand glove that obstacles wear to pull you away from reaching your destination will become slippery!
Marissa Mayer|To make a rock'n'roll record, technology is the least important thing.
David Sedaris, Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls|I've become like one of those people I hate, the sort who go to the museum and, instead of looking at the magnificent Brueghel, take a picture of it, reducing it from art to proof. It's not "Look what Brueghel did, painted this masterpiece" but "Look what I did, went to Rotterdam and stood in front of a Brueghel painting!
Steven Magee|You don't talk dirty to make him hot. You "talk dirty" to communicate what you need. And most guys, if you go, "Yeah, yeah, just like that, a little more to the left," they'll do it.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|If it weren’t for the fact that he’d been flat on his back in a full body cast, then recovering, he probably would be glad he missed finishing the school year since it meant he’s now enrolled at his version of Hogwarts.
Sarah Alderson, Out of Control|Trust me,’ he says with a touch of impatience.‘Stop asking me to do that,’ I say, equally as impatiently.
Haruki Murakami, Yesterday|I watched the moon alone, unable to share his cold beauty with anyone.
Louise Hawes, The Language of Stars|Closed eyescan't sacrifice a third timei may never knowA dreamer's dreammy stars are onlymade of goldCame into this life holding onWas it a dream Or life lived beforeAlien genetics Formed on the 7thToo late So i was turned awayToo lateBut i seen those gatesIt’s just latelyi’ve forgot the wayWhat am i saying?somewhere out there is a starCovered in goldlaugh, its okayit's just best i wait this time can't sacrifice a third timehow will i knowfeverish devils place their bets the abyss or the flameBut at the edgei stop & look to the skytonight I find the stars are covered in gold so right here i will just stayHere i’ll just remain in a place where time and space  does not existbut a gateway to Sarin does covered in golddeep in the chest you appearjust like I always knewa distant star
Sunday Adelaja|God knows your abilities, and he also knows how to turn your weak points into strong ones
Paul Merton|I've been keeping a diary for thirty-three years and write in it every morning. Most of it's just whining, but every so often there'll be something I can use later: a joke, a description, a quote. It's an invaluable aid when it comes to winning arguments. 'That's not what you said on February 3, 1996,' I'll say to someone.
Tom Hodgkinson|Labour-saving devices just make us try to cram more pointless activities into each day, rather than doing the important thing, which is to enjoy our life.
Charlotte Eriksson|I’m still lonely and it’s a glorification of something I’m not finished with. I don’t want to be distracted from my work by other people, but the absence of it all distracts me from my work and that’s why I run towards the city, to get a little glimpse of it.
Jawaharlal Nehru, The Discovery of India|Patriotism has nothing to do with Conservatism. It is actually the opposite of Conservatism, since it is a devotion to something that is always changing and yet is felt to be mystically the same.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|Salespeople who think that it’s all about price aren’t required: If it can be sold on the internet at the lowest price, you can take the huge cost of a sales team out of the equation.
Carter Burwell|I tell myself that God gave my children many gifts - spirit, beauty, intelligence, the capacity to make friends and to inspire respect. There was only one gift he held back - length of life.
André Aciman, Harvard Square|You make yourself too hard, you make yourself brittle too. Crack once, crack all to pieces
Roshan Sharma|I make no apologies for you. After all, each one of us is little more than the meager residue of the infinite unrealized possibilities of our lives.
Ronald Kessler|I'm actually pretty good with computers. I use computers when I'm working on making and producing music, so I do know a thing or two!
Auliq Ice|In order to stay happy, You must learn from your wins and fails and accept all things that come your way as they are.
Doris Lessing, The Good Terrorist|No offense but a seller will say whatever it takes to sell a product but if you sum it up, it comes down to hard work.
Deyth Banger|And the book... and the work.. and the life goes to the whole beginning... and trying to answer how in real did we met.(Mr.Nobody, No One Tell)
Ashwin Sanghi|These superhero and mythical stories have, in many cases, replaced Biblical stories as vehicles for communal myths, but they are hardly any better than ancient magical adventures tinged with mythical archetypes and the decidedly unnuanced black-and-white struggle between good and evil.
Roddy Doyle|One of the things Ford Prefect had always found hardest to understand about humans was their habit of continually stating and repeating the very very obvious, as in It's a nice day, or You're very tall, or Oh dear you seem to have fallen down a thirty-foot well, are you alright? At first Ford had formed a theory to account for this strange behaviour. If human beings don't keep exercising their lips, he thought, their mouths probably seize up. After a few months' consideration and observation he abandoned this theory in favour of a new one. If they don't keep on exercising their lips, he thought, their brains start working. After a while he abandoned this one as well as being obstructively cynical.
Rachel Caine, Feast of Fools|That's brain tissue. How can you-?" Claire shut her mouth, fast. "Never mind. I don't think I wanna know.""Truly, I think that's best. Please take it." He showed his teeth briefly in a very unsettling grin. "I'm giving you a piece of my mind.""I so wish you hadn't said that.
Brandon Mull, Keys to the Demon Prison|It was one thing to snuggle a little when the world seemed about to end, and quite another to explain to her parents that she wanted to date an ancient magical horse.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|You won’t shoot me.""People tend to overestimate my character," I say quietly. "They think that because I’m small, or a girl, or a Stiff, I can’t possibly be cruel. But they’re wrong.
Gaby Weiner, Feminisms in Education: An Introduction|It is particularly important to note that, in a democracy, education has never been concerned only with supplying the needs of the economy or ensuring effective socialisation; it also has strong traditions of preparing for citizenship, extending possibilities for learning and promoting social progress.
Erik Pevernagie|Many politicians are tantalizing storytellers, as they mix facts with fiction, grab our emotion and tell things, they want us to believe. Their factoids are unremittingly reiterated, take a life on their own and in the end become the very truth… until the bubble bursts.("What after bowling alone?" )
Thea Harrison, Spellbinder|Just when I was coping with the idea that I’d necked with a werewolf,” she muttered. “Just when I was beginning to flirt with the idea of possibly… possibly inviting sex with a werewolf. I’m trying to imagine how I would tell this story to my best friend. I think it would go something like this: See, I’ve never seen him in daylight. He’s just this werewolf guy.”	Beside her, he had stiffened. Very quietly, he said, “Sex?
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|Emotions don’t interfere in my acting, nor in my life.
Kamila Shamsie|When you can be this, why are you ever anything else? - Broken Verses
Theodore Dreiser|When the distraction of the tongue is removed, the heart listens.
Jodi Livon, The Happy Medium: Awakening to Your Natural Intuition|When you trust your gut, follow your heart, and use your head, magic happens!
Erin Hunter, Sign of the Moon|... there are things that outweigh comfort, unless one is an old woman or a cat.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is a journey of tenacity. Only the tough gets to the top through the storm. Take the steps one by one though the errand may be arduous. Never give up though you may grow weary. Think of the purpose though its attainment may be tough. Dare to get to the crown though you may meet the obstacles. You are never born to relax all day but to dare to do the undone. If only it is reasonable enough within the real reasons of your life, and if your soul and spirit convince you of getting it done, then, you have the real reasons to dare for the crown.
|While you are busy thinking that it's impossible, there is someone somewhere in the world that is making it possible.
Edmund Burke|Service is providing what's wanted, not what I'd like to give.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Quotes tell a story. A stringing together of a few words can leave you with an idea that changes the course of your life, and can direct you toward reaching your highest potential as a human. The story they tell is derived from the experience which inspired them, and it is our sharing that experience that allows for the quote to resonate so deeply within our being.
Shannon L. Alder|Mental illness is not a fraternity or a social club for like minds. It is its own religion to each person that has it. Their mind is their pastor, their feelings are their scriptures and their delusions are their own bible story. To break them free, is to break their faith in signs. That is why so many feel lost.
Frederick L. Coxen, The Great Promise|When facing a decision that stands a 50/50 chance of being correct, the choice made will be wrong 80% of the time. Rick Coxen
David D. Burns|Live your days on the positive side of life, in tune with your most treasured values. And in each moment you'll have much to live for.
Dianna Hardy, 'Til Death Do Us Part|Maybe I should be still; accept my fate. But I have tasted freedom, known love – I have had choice and learnt what it is to have a human heart, not just a compliant one.
Marie Lu, Champion|So, when I thought June might take you away, I didn’t know what to do. I felt like she was taking everything that mattered to me. I felt like she was taking away from you all the things that I didn’t have. That’s why I’m sorry. I’m sorry because you shouldn’t have to be everything to me. I had you, but I’d forgotten that I had myself too.
Bindi Irwin|I love Michel Roux, Jr., and James Martin - the chefs who are experts in their own right, like Rick Stein on fish. But I don't watch them very much because I don't think it's fair for my husband to be in a total food environment all the time! So we watch programmes about gardening more.
Aldous Huxley|My strength never came from political echelons, it came from the family. And from the fields and the lands and the flowers and everything I see there. My strength came from there.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Greatness is only possible, thanks to the products you are able to produce per seconds, per minutes, per hour and per day.
Sesan Kareem|Each and every one of us has his or her calling. Your calling may spring out of your gifts, potentials, talents, passions or hobby. Every man has his or her own niche, where he can function optimally and this is where his true success lies.
Amanda Grange, Mr. Darcy, Vampyre|They'll torture you for months before killing you if you run" Otis shrugged, as if this was an everyday occurrence.
Don Van Vliet|This is what men call genius, just as they call a painted face beauty and a richly attired figure majesty. The confound the brilliance of the firmament with the star-shaped footprints of a duck in the mud.
Phoebe Kitanidis, Glimmer|I didn't see myself as the busty type. Too bad bodies are issued randomly, not selected to match your personality
Boris Pasternak|No one makes history, no one sees it happen, no one sees the grass grow.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|The source of every crime, is some defect of the understanding; or some error in reasoning; or some sudden force of the passions. Defect in the understanding is ignorance; in reasoning, erroneous opinion.
Dick Cheney|I had an amazing childhood and always loved to sing and dance, but there were moments where I had ups and downs with my health that often tested me as it does many people. I've never hidden the fact that my health was sometimes not on my side, but I've never let it define me or deter me from my dreams.
Edwidge Danticat|I began my effort at improving my flight experiences by reading purposefully during my flights. My airplane reading would often be centered on themes. On some flights I would read only newspapers and magazines, catching up on one particular event. On other flights I would read a short novel, and finishing the entire book during the flight would give me a great thrill, as if I'd just flown a cross-Atlantic mission with Amelia Earhart.
Amy Poehler|Are you waiting for the approval of someone else before you make your big move? If you are, chances are they’ve already made it.
Henry James|Never doubt your intuition, when it feels wrong, it certainly is
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|The telling and the hearing of a story is not a simple act. The one who tells must reach down into deeper layers of the self, reviving old feelings, reviewing the past. Whatever is retrieved is reworked into a new form, one that narrates events and gives the listener a path through these events that leads to some fragment of wisdom. The one who hears takes the story in, even to a place not visible or conscious to the mind, yet there. In this inner place a story from another life suffers a subtle change. As it enters the memory of the listener it is augmented by reflection, by other memories, and even the body hearing and responding in the moment of the telling. By such transmissions, consciousness is woven.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|What I want from you comrade, what the world wants from you, O dearest, are the neurons of steel, within which dwells a mind of the same material of which the thunderbolt is made.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|He couldn't be a doctor, or he would have a quieter and more persuasive manner.
William Wordsworth, Lyrical Ballads|Such views the youthful Bard allure,But, heedless of the following gloom,He deems their colours shall endure'Till peace go with him to the tomb.—And let him nurse his fond deceit,And what if he must die in sorrow!Who would not cherish dreams so sweet,Though grief and pain may come tomorrow?
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|To succeed in life you need five things – a burning desire, a willingness to do whatever it takes, wisdom, incredible effort, and a commitment to never ending improvement.
Peggi Speers, The Inspired Caregiver - Finding Joy While Caring for Those You Love|When enforcing our boundaries, first and foremost, we are caring for ourselves, but we are also helping others to have a clear understanding of what we consider acceptable behavior. We are reflecting back to them what is not acceptable and, therefore, providing them an opportunity to consider that information and make necessary changes.
Heather Demetrios, Something Real|Somehow, the pain and rage and confusion of the past eighteen years dissolves until all that is left is this one perfect moment; unscripted, unedited, it's ours and ours alone.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|But you want to know about the influence of books on my life, and as I’ve said, there was only one. Seneca. Do you know who he was? He was a Roman philosopher who wrote letters to imaginary friendstelling them how to behave for the rest of their lives.. Maybe that sounds dull, but the letters aren’t – they’re witty. I think you learn more if you’re laughing at the same time.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|I walk up and down the rows. The heads look like rubber halloween masks. They also look like human heads, but my brain has no precedent for human heads on tables or in roasting pans or anywhere other than on top of a human bodies, and so I think it has chosen to interpret the sight in a more comforting manner. - Here we are at the rubber mask factory. Look at the nice men and woman working on the masks.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Mind your mind. Think of distinctive footprints. Insofar as all things move forward and not backward, avoid retrogressive thinking, imprison negative thoughts, build a strong wall against negativity , be optimistic enough to deduce the optimisms in pessimism and think ahead of time. Understand the time you have and know what to do with the time, for time can loose it essence with time. If you ignore the real reasons why you wake up each day, you ignore the real reason why you continue to live each day. Life is just once so take the chance and mind your mind
Madeleine L'Engle|In my dreams, I never have an age.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Patty: I'll be the good guy.Shermy: I'll be the bad guy.Patty: What are you going to be, Charlie Brown?Charlie Brown: I'll be sort of in-between; I'll be a hypocrite!
Kerry Washington|The root cause of the looming energy problem - and the key to easing environmental, economic and religious tensions while improving public health - is to address the unending, and unequal, growth of the human population. And the one proven way to reduce fertility rates is to empower young women by educating them.
Zooey Deschanel|I may be alone in this, but I do sense the power of film, in that movies have the ability to literally change people's minds. That's pretty powerful stuff when you consider that.
Joyce Sidman, Winter Bees & Other Poems of the Cold|We experience a discomfort that may be foreign to others, but that pain opens up a world of beauty. Wouldn't you think?
Gao Xingjian|Reality is myself, reality is only the perception of this instant and it can't be related to another person.
Abhijit Naskar|The very first few days when you actually start having symptoms of falling for someone special, are the days of heavenly bliss and unreasonable madness.
Debasish Mridha|I am the river of love, I am the flow of life.
Jessica Sorensen, The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden|I'm not sure if you've noticed this yet, but Jenny Sullivan likes to overuse people's first names. It's a technique she read about in a book called Own It - Take Life By The Bollocks. She once said my name so many times I disconnected from it entirely.
Kate Griffin, A Madness of Angels|When humans work, they frequently become unaware of their own body, their own senses, are surprised to find that their wrists ache or their backs are sore or their friend has left the building. It's as close to an out-of-body experience as can be achieved short of fifty volts, a circle of warding, a pigeon's claw cut from an albino female of purest white feathers, or a lot of mushrooms.
Anne Holm, I Am David|A crust of bread and a corner to sleep in. A minute to smile and an hour to weep in. A pint of joy to a peck of trouble, And never a laugh but the moans come double. And that is life. A crust and a corner that makes love precious, With a smile to warm and tears to refresh us, And joy seems sweeter when cares come after, And a moan is the finest of foils for laughter. And that is life.
Diriye Osman|Forgive me for being chipper, but despair is desperately dull.
Abiola Abrams, The Sacred Bombshell Handbook of Self-Love|You are magnificent beyond measure, perfect in your imperfections, and wonderfully made.
Alex Honnold|I don't see my artist friends as any more neurotic or addiction-prone than the others. The roommates I have had who were into triathlons or environmentalism were just as crazy as the poets, just as prone to tears over gardening or air conditioners, just as ready to kite a cheque or binge on cookie dough.
Damond Jiniya|If you can’t remember when you last basked in your own glow, it means you’re overdue.
Benjamin Barber|I don't divide the world into the weak and the strong, or the successes and the failures. I divide the world into the learners and nonlearners.
Nessie Q., Snippets of Imagery|Everyone falls sometimes, son, even me, but the trick is to get right back up. They’ll always target the ones who appear vulnerable, so you need to be strong. Fake it until you make it.
Bo Bennett|I never went to film school, so I never had the chance to be rejected.
Robert J. Shiller|We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing.
Friedrich Schiller|There are three lessons I would write-Three words, as with a burning pen, In tracings of eternal light,Upon the heart of men.Have hope! though clouds environ round,And gladness hides her face in scorn,Put thou the shadow from thy brow,No night but hath its morn.Have love! not love alone for one, But man as man thy brother call,And scatter like the circling sun,Thy charities on all.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Without Him our daily routine would become tiresome and tedious, a drudgery rather than a joy.
George Orwell, 1984|With words as valueless as poker chips, we play games whose object it is to keep us from seeing each other's cards.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|Well, there is a piece of famous advice, grand advice even if it is German, to forget what you can't bear. The strong can forget, can shut out history. Very good. Even if it is self-flattery to speak of strength--these aesthetic philosophers, they take a posture, but power sweeps postures away. Still, it's true you can't go on transposing one nightmare into another, Nietzsche was certainly right about that. The tender-minded must harden themselves. Is this world nothing but a barren lump of coke? No, no, but what sometimes seems a system of prevention, a denial of what every human being knows. I love my children, but I am the world to them, and bring them nightmares. I had this child by my enemy. And I love her. The sight of her, the odor of her hair, this minute, makes me tremble with love. Isn't it mysterious how I love the child of my enemy? But a man doesn't need happiness for himself. No, he can put up with any amount of torment--with recollections, with his own familiar evils, despair. And this is the unwritten history of man, his unseen, negative accomplishment, his power to do without gratification for himself provided there is something great, something into which his being, and all beings can go. He does not need meaning as long as such intensity has scope. Because then it is self-evident; it is meaning.
Stendhal|The oil companies regard nuclear power as their rival, who will reduce their profits, so they put out a lot of disinformation about nuclear power.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|I welcome you to my home as my son, as the husband of my daughter who is the noor of my eye. Your pain will be our pain, your joy our joy. I hope that you will come to see your Khala and Jamila and me as a second set of parents, and I pray for your and our lovely Soraya jan's happiness. you both have our blessings.
Elie Wiesel|Racism is taught in our society, it is not automatic. It is learned behavior toward persons with dissimilar physical characteristics.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|So close that your hand upon my chest is mine,so close that your eyes close with my sleep.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|So, verily, with every difficulty, there is relief;Verily, with every difficulty there is relief.Therefore, when thou art free (from thine immediate task), still labour hard,And to thy Lord turn [all] thy attention.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|We've all been in the middle of a conversation and the person with whom we are speaking breaks eye contact, appears distracted, glazes over, or looks elsewhere. Their simple eye movement can quickly break down communications by making us feel ignored, dismissed, or rejected. For some, it may be accidental and unintentional, while for others, avoiding eye contact is on purpose.
St. John Morris, The Bizarre Letters of St John Morris|...his knees were held together by the skin-tight trousers, which consequently narrowed the aperture through which great quantities of malodorous, rancid dreck were shortly to emerge with great force. St John knew that this was likely to prove troublesome. Although his mid-morning bab was usually undertaken in a more perfunctory manner, he would still have been mindful enough to ensure that his trousers were well below the knee before he commenced the disagreeable act, but in his current predicament, he was in no state to dally.
Raymond Radiguet, The Cubist Poets in Paris: An Anthology|People are jostling at the gates of heaven or Department stores Words are bumping into each other("Poem")
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|A journey of 1,000 miles starts with just 10 digits.
Fabrizio Moreira|In corporations, the penalty for repeated failure on known tasks is being reassigned to other tasks or asked to leave the company.
C.S. Lewis|I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.
Dada Bhagwan|One becomes bad himself when he sees or calls others bad. When others appear good to him, he will become good himself.
Thomas Sowell|I had very little fear about it, but basically, my straight friends talked me out of it. I think they thought as I was bisexual, there was no need to. But it's amazing how much more complicated it became because I didn't come out in the early days. I often wonder if my career would have taken a different path if I had.
Paul Murray|I only meant, you know, you shouldn’t be wasting your time on imbeciles. I know how hard it is to find the right person, but that’s no reason to exhaustively work your way through all the wrong people. You seem to be living your romantic life by some kind of process of elimination. It’s like matching a Louis Quatorze armchair with one of those plastic patio tables. It simply doesn’t work.” “Oh, I see,” Bel said. “I’m an armchair, is that it?” “A Louis Quatorze armchair,” I qualified. “And my boyfriends are patio tables.” “Actually,” I remembered, “this one’s more like one of those self-assembly Swedish wardrobes.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|I think it [religion] is an art, the greatest one; an extension of the communion all the other arts attempt.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Devotion to the truth is the hallmark of morality; there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking.
Michelle Richardson|Contrary to what we've been told, life is simple. We complicate matters with our choices.
Leslie Odom, Jr.|When the government undertakes or approves a major project such as a dam or highway project, it must make sure the project's impacts, environmental and otherwise, are considered. In many cases, NEPA gives the public its only opportunity to be heard about the project's impact on their community.
Marina Warner, From the Beast to the Blonde: On Fairy Tales and Their Tellers|We continue to eat, the conversation easy and flowing. I listen to everything everyone says, an urgency to pay attention, to not miss these moments you don't know are moments until they're gone. I narrow in, trying to hold it all in place, even though I think that if you document life this way, the moments will never set. We don't need to remember. Everything just becomes a part of you. And then it's over.
Susanne Langer|Repeal the Missouri Compromise - repeal all compromises - repeal the Declaration of Independence - repeal all past history, you still cannot repeal human nature. It will be the abundance of man's heart that slavery extension is wrong; and out of the abundance of his heart, his mouth will continue to speak.
Marquis de Sade|I told him your loins were clearly burning, and he should man up and make a move.""You did
William J. Harris|Neatness, madam, has nothing to do with the truth. The truth is quite messy, like a wind blown room.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The better we serve, the greater the fulfilment.
Matthew J. Cochran|In his temptation of Jesus, Satan quoted Scripture, and he didn't remember, misquote anything. God wants his children to eat bread, not to starve before stones. God will protect his anointed one with the angels of heaven. God will give his Messiah all the kingdoms of the earth. All this is true. What is satanic about all of this, though, is that Satan wanted our Lord to grasp these things apart from the cross and the empty tomb.
Edward Albee, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?|You may think it all very fine, Mr. Huntingdon, to amuse yourself with rousing my jealousy; but take care you don't rouse my hate instead. And when you have once extinguished my love, you will find it no easy matter to kindle it again.
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|Perception through emptiness is existential, as the transience of all phenomena affirms the indivisibility of existence itself, before, within and behind all manifestation.
Mark Twain|Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
Kyle Schmid|People with high blood pressure, diabetes - those are conditions brought about by life style. If you change the life style, those conditions will leave.
Alan Paton, Cry, the Beloved Country|Everybody looks at oil and almost entirely forget that the percentage of jobs the oil sector creates is relatively small compared to the population; the introduction of more sophisticated exploration methods makes it even worse. Oil companies now look for smarter, leaner and cheaper operations. Where will these leave the economy? Good disposable income to the government with no real value to the people of the Niger Delta.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Today, some priests treat the Eucharist with the utmost contempt. They see the Mass as a talkative banquet where Christians faithful to the teaching of Jesus, divorced-and-remarried persons, men and women in an adulterous situation, unbaptized tourists who participate in the Eucharistic celebrations of the large anonymous crowds can indiscriminately have access to the Body and Blood of Christ.
Su Williams, Dream Weaver|Dare to dream, for in the daring there is defiance to live beyond your circumstances
Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs|If you can write, paint, or compose without fear, pain, tears or questions, then you are either very blessed or very bland.
Claire C. Riley|That was probably the weirdest thing that's ever happened to me." "What? Almost falling in a ditch?""No, being carried by a girl.
Erik Bundy, Magic and Murder Among the Dwarves|Behind every successful man, is a Woman breathing through her mouth
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Remember that businesses are made up of humans like you. They aren’t going to be perfect and they willneed encouragement, clarification, and correction to deliver their best.
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|Cammie!" I'll never forget the tone of Macey's voice in that moment. "Cam," she said slowly, moving toward me, "I know how it feels to be watched every second of every day. I know what it's like to trust fewer and fewer people until it seems like you are completely alone in the world. I know you think the only things that are left in your life are the bad things. I know what you're feeling, Cam." Her hands were on my shoulders. Her blue eyes were staring into mine. "I know.
Zeena Schreck|Theology starts with a crisis, the very crisis of reality itself. The crisis is the fact that you live, that you have a life to live. … The crisis is the very mystery of our existence and the yearning for there to be some kind of meaning to it.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|If I play a villain, I try to find his lightness and his good side. And if I play a hero or a good guy, I'll try to find his darkness or his flaws. Because I don't believe in good and evil. I believe in grays.
Yasser Arafat|I was hooked on aviation, made model airplanes, and never thought I would be able to fly myself. It cost too much. But then World War II came along and changed all that.
Simon Morden, Theories of Flight|What they might lack in intelligence, they make up for with sheer quantities of high explosive.
Anonymous|When we pray "in the Name of Jesus" the answers are in accordance with His nature  and if we think our prayers are unanswered it is because we are not interpreting the answer along this line.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|All the explanations proposed seem to beonly partly satisfactory. They range from massive climatic change to mammalian predation to the extinction of a plant with apparent laxative properties, in which case the dinosaurs died of constipation.
Jean-Baptiste Chautard|The pattern [of the crisis of the deeper life] seems to be self-centeredness, self-effort, increasing inner dissatisfaction and outer discouragement, a temptation to give it all up because there is no better way, and then finding the Spirit of God to be their strength, their guide, their confidence and companion--in a word, their life.
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|Weren’t all ‘young’ people the same? Disillusioned, world-weary, bored out of their minds? The constant need for adventure, that constant need to ridicule suburban life and jobs that keep you desk bound and microwavable food and comfort.Everything was fake and every day had to be a day closer to the genuine. They were always single, these ‘young’ people, childless, unattached, maybe rich. Selfish. He remembered being 'young’ and being horribly, horribly selfish. How infinite he felt. Now he found comfort in the predictability of the train. But he didn’t miss his old self. Even then he knew he was lost.
Deyth Banger|I'm sure for that comming there was a reason, but what's going to happen with that reason and Gotham?
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|For a moment at least, be a smile on someone else’s face.
Isidor Isaac Rabi|To me, science is an expression of the human spirit, which reaches every sphere of human culture. It gives an aim and meaning to existence as well as a knowledge, understanding, love, and admiration for the world. It gives a deeper meaning to morality and another dimension to esthetics.
William Knox|Tis the wink of an eye, 'tis the draught of a breath,From the blossom of health to the paleness of death,From the gilded saloon to the bier and the shroud-Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud?
Tiffany L. Jackson, 12 Keys to Success for Misfits, Weirdos & Introverts: A Practical and Spiritual Guide to Understanding Your Place in the World|If we truly believe and understand how omniscient, omnipresent, and omnipotent God is, we should know He is better equipped to lead our life than we are.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I thought I knew not only her habits but also her limits. This display of ferocity, of savage courage, made me realize that I was wrong. All my life I had known only a part of her.
Quentin Tarantino|I have a nice car, a Mercedes. And then I have an old El Camino truck that I'm crazy about. I like to get in that truck and go up in the hills near where I live, in Vegas, and take my camera. That, to me, is Heaven, being out in nature, taking pictures of the wildlife.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|I want to end my life like a human being: in Intensive Care, high on morphine, surrounded by cripplingly expensive doctors and brutal, relentless life-support machines. Then the corpse can go into orbit—preferably around the sun. I don't care how much it costs, just so long as I don't end up party of any fucking natural cycle: carbon, phosphorus, nitrogen. Gaia, I divorce thee. Go suck the nutrients out of someone else, you grasping bitch.
Philip Yancey, What Good Is God?: In Search of a Faith That Matters|Where is God when it hurts? We know one answer because God came to earth and showed us. You need only follow Jesus around and note how he responded to the tragedies of his day: large-scale tragedies such as an act of government terrorism in the temple or a tower collapsing on eighteen innocent bystanders; as well as small tragedies, such as a widow who has lost her only son or even a Roman soldier whose servant has fallen ill. At moments like these Jesus never delivered sermons about judgment or the need to accept God’s mysterious providence. Instead he responded with compassion – a word from Latin which simply means, “to suffer with” – and comfort and healings. God stands on the side of those who suffer. (pp.27-28/What Good Is God?)
Faye Weldon|All this miraculous hatred. Christ, a man can't eat his breakfast for filling his belly full of it.
Lisa Kleypas, A Wallflower Christmas|Then, as now, there were always girls who were overlooked and ignored by gentlemen who really should have known better.
Jean Nidetch|There's a certain time of day after sunset when people naturally seem to feel the urge to gather by a fire or a stove or a hibachi or another common source of heat and food, and hunker down together to eat and drink. Call it the blue hour.
Paul Auster, The Book of Illusions|I think she's brave. I think that nobody has ever believed what she could be capable of. All her life, nobody was listening.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|If You Fail Don't Fail To Try Again, You Success Maybe in Your Next Trials.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends. Love means nothing in tennis,But it's everything in life
Kierra C.T. Banks|If perception is limited by experience, knowledge, and/or education, what deems my actions “correct” or my thoughts as moral?
Jorge Luis Borges, Collected Fictions|This other man he could never see in his entirety but he seemed an artisan and a worker in metal. The judge enshadowed him where he crouched at his trade but he was a coldforger who worked with hammer and die, perhaps under some indictment and an exile from men's fires, hammering out like his own conjectural destiny all through the night of his becoming some coinage for a dawn that would not be. It is this false moneyer with his gravers and burins who seeks favor with the judge and he is at contriving from cold slag brute in the crucible a face that will pass, an image that will render this residual specie current in the markets where men barter. Of this is the judge judge and the night does not end.
Stephen McCauley, Insignificant Others|From what I can tell, the chief distinguishing factor between children and adults is that children hear everything while appearing not to and adults hear nothing while pretending to listen.
Hailey Baldwin|I think it's bad for fellas when they lose their mothers. Mine was such a character. Oh it was sad, really sad. And, with her gone, the family home was gone, so what was left of any roots I had were completely dug up.
Lisa Leslie|No matter what age you are, or what your circumstances might be, you are special, and you still have something unique to offer. Your life, because of who you are, has meaning.
Arpit Agrawal, Take my heart, forever...|You know what, the moment I see you, first thing that comes to my mind is, I have just wasted 26 years of my life without you...
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|It is also only in humans that aggression may be used to commit crimes, to enslave others or compel acquiescence to religious or ideological doctrine, or to pursue wars of national interest. At the individual level, men are universally more aggressive than women, and rates of aggressive confrontation are greatest among those who are young, poor, or unmarried. Cultural factors moderate human aggression as well, with men's heightened sensitivity to signs of disrespect, challenge, or threat spawning a high frequency of confrontational violence in so-called “cultures of honor”.
Jodi Meadows, Asunder|We are liberated by the examples of the brave, the talented, and the successful if we allow ourselves that freedom.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Entrepreneurship is a scary city! NO water- dig wells, NO food- plant trees, NO family- build one, NO identity- prove yourself.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Doing things for others can make the 'giver' happy, but trying to change or control another will drive you crazy, because it cannot be sustained. One must give without expectation(s) and allow others, even your offspring, the opportunity of self-determination -- even when you "perceive" danger on the road ahead; each spiritual journey has a right to its own fulfillment. We must learn how to stay in our lane.
Daryl Gregory, Harrison Squared|What are you doing?" my mom asked. One side of her mouth curled up."I'm trying to move that cup."My parents laughed. I concentrated on the coffee cup, but it didn't budge."I guess I'll have to work on this telekinesis thing. It'll come in handy when Ben is hogging the TV remote and forcing me to watch Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles for the fifty-millionth time.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|If you are walking on the wrong path not knowingly, that is bad for you; if walking knowingly, that is stupid for you and if you lead others on the wrong path deliberately that is a shame for you!
Dorothy Day|The poor manufacture the engines of their own destruction, but it's the rich who sell them.
Ann Bridge, Illyrian Spring|When we do not know our true identity as powerful creators, we are susceptible to being used and manipulated.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|Life writes the poetry, but it will always call for witnesses and scribes alike to tattoo its echoes upon the ghosts of trees.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I knew that if I allowed fear to overtake me, my journey was doomed. Fear, to a great extent, is born of a story we tell ourselves, and so I chose to tell myself a different story from the one women are told. I decided I was safe. I was strong. I was brave. Nothing could vanquish me. Insisting on this story was a form of mind control, but for the most part, it worked. Every time I heard a sound of unknown origin or felt something horrible cohering in my imagination, I pushed it away. I simply did not let myself become afraid. Fear begets fear. Power begets Power. I willed myself to beget power. And it wasn't long before I actually wasn't afraid.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|It's a strange thing, having a child," he said. It completely alters your most fundamental priorities. When my eldest daughter was born, I realized that I would do anything - anything - to protect her. If I had to set myself on fire to save her from something, I would do it with the utmost relief and gratitude. It's quite a thing, quite a privilege, to care about someone so much that the measure of worth of your own life is changed so much."Tatsu.
Cornel West, Race Matters|A lot of bands make two different music videos for their latest songs. A censored version for American TV, and an uncensored version that includes nudity for European music stations. The so-called Land of The Free doesn't seem so free anymore, when you realize that other countries have a lot more freedom.
Benvenuto Cellini, The Autobiography Of Benvenuto Cellini|I assert that the art of sculpture, among all the arts connected with design, is at least seven times greater than any other, for the following reason: why, sir, a statue of true sculpture ought to have seven points of view, which ought all to boast equal excellence.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|If you ever want to know how a man truly feels about you, do absolutely nothing. Then you'll have your answer.
Jim DeMint|I think a lot of people may have a unique insight or some idea that they feel could be a great solution for a particular problem, but for some reason never have a chance to try or never have the courage or maybe the self-doubt. Really, it's best just to remain naive and continue to work on things and see if people have the same problems.
Naomi Wolf|We are living in the machine age. For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine. Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|If Aphrodite chills at home in Cyprus for most of the year, then Fez must be the goddess’s playground.
Kamand Kojouri|I think falling in love is like discovering the magic of books. You think to yourself, 'how was I living before this?
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|What life can you create when those activities spent “killing” or “wasting” time were put into the quest for a better you? What would your life be like if instead of “chilling and net flicks” you devoted time to wellness and thinking? A much better life awaits you with some simple choices, backed by intentional actions.
Gary Steiner, Animals and the Moral Community: Mental Life, Moral Status, and Kinship|Nature has made a mistake in the choice of my sexuality and I must do a life-long penance for it, for the moral power to suffer the unavoidable with dignity is lost.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|As the honors accrued, creativity diminished.
Elvis Presley|To say on the authority of the Bible that God does a thing no honourable man would do, is to lie against God; to say that it is therefore right, is to lie against the very spirit of God.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|So I’m your huntress and thief?” His hands slid down to cup the backs of my knees as he said with a roguish grin, “You are my salvation, Feyre.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|I told myself, Malala, you have already faced death. This is your second life. Don't be afraid — if you are afraid, you can't move forward.
Nicole Castro, Winner's Curse|Rather, that rigidity had simply been given sporadic spots of wrath, coupled with the sprinkling of secrets, and placed in a cold corner to slowly stew and starve––leaving it no choice but to eventually break through with blooms of fury. And on the night of Cornelius’s arrival, it at long last broke through.
Zain Baloch|Never give up, but learn to surrender as well
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|It's like the frog that tried to outdo the cow...see, the consequences are reflected in each of us as individuals. A people so oppressed by the West have no mental leisure, they can't do anything worthwhile. They get an education that's stripped to the bare bone, and they're driven with their noses to the grindstone until they're dizzy -- that's why they all end up with nervous breakdowns. Try talking to them -- they're usually stupid. They haven't thought about a thing beyond themselves, that day, that very instant. They're too exhausted to think about anything else; it's not their fault. Unfortunately, exhaustion of the spirit and deterioration of the body come hand-in-hand. And that's not all. The decline of morality has set in too. Look where you will in this country, you won't find one square inch of brightness. It's all pitch black. So what difference would it make...
Obehi Peter Ewanfoh, AMENDE: The Stream Water|It is you who need to go, Amende. Go home; your friends are waiting for you. Pg.63
Rob Liano|The news can be poison to your soul, don't let it kill your joy, be compassionate but not consumed. Be empathetic not enraged.
Gary L. Francione|We cannot justify treating any sentient nonhuman as our property, as a resource, as a thing that we an use and kill for our purposes.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|Dissociation, a form of hypnotic trance, helps children survive the abuse…The abuse takes on a dream-like, surreal quality and deadened feelings and altered perceptions add to the strangeness. The whole scene does not fit into the 'real world.' It is simple to forget, easy to believe nothing happened.
Lewis H. Lapham|A society that presumes a norm of violence and celebrates aggression, whether in the subway, on the football field, or in the conduct of its business, cannot help making celebrities of the people who would destroy it.
Walter E. Jacobson, M.D.|The path to Enlightenment is simple: Forgiveness, Acceptance, and Love.
Jim Henson, Favorite Songs from Jim Henson's Muppets|There's not a word yet, for old friends who've just met.
Francis Bacon|No, I don't regret anything at this point. That may change on the next phone call, but at the moment I don't regret anything.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Righteous, I like that. Kinda fitting when you think about it. If we danced and shared music, we'd be too busy en-joy-in' life to start a war.
Carson McCullers|We are torn between a nostalgia for the familiar and an urge for the foreign and strange. As often as not, we are homesick most for the places we have never known
Shahid Kapoor|So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing.
Susana Fortes|Thou art the thing itself: unaccommodated man is no more but such a poor bare, forked animal as thou art.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Union Moujik|These quasi-faithful are growing in strength. They are the fundamentalists today, and they abound in all the religions.
Nathaniel Branden|The opposite of self-assertiveness is self-abnegation--abandoning or submerging your personal values, judgment, and interests. Some people tell themselves this is a virtue. It is a "virtue" that corrodes self-esteem.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, The Tiny Book of Tiny Stories, Vol. 1|She smirks."Are you attempting to stop me, little one?""Excuse me? Did you just call me 'little one'? What are you? Like, four feet tall?" I ask.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|Love at infancy is the strongest and puriest of all, it is mixed with infatuation and deep happiness.
Parker J. Palmer, A Hidden Wholeness: The Journey Toward an Undivided Life|But, in general, the protective system of our day is conservative, while the free trade system is destructive. It breaks up old nationalities and pushes the antagonism of the proletariat and the bourgeoisie to the extreme point. In a word, the free trade system hastens the social revolution. It is in this revolutionary sense alone, gentlemen, that I vote in favor of free trade.
Claire Bidwell Smith, After This: When Life Is Over, Where Do We Go?|I realize in this moment that all my life I've felt that I deserve to be punished, for wanting so much, for taking so much from this world, from the people who love me.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|The type of the Inevitable is death. I remember well that in my youth I believed that I was certainly exempt from its operation. First when my daughter died, next when you were wounded, I knew that I was mortal; and now I regard those years as wasted, as unproductive, in which I was not aware that my death was certain, nay, momently possible. I can now appraise at a glance those who have not yet foreseen their death. I know them for the children they are. They think that by evading its contemplation they are enhancing the savor of life. The reverse is true: only those who have grasped their non-being are capable of praising the sunlight.
Dean Ornish|There are no captions on red-carpet photos that say, 'This girl trained for two weeks, she went on a juice diet, she has a professional hair and makeup person, and this dress was made for her.' I just wish they'd say, 'It ain't the truth.'
Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!|You will be your best self when you take time to understand what you really need, feel, think and want.
Mark Ireland|The destiny of your soul is not predicated upon acceptance of a specific dogma that happens to be "correct." A loving God does not dole out eternal condemnation because one has selected the wrong doctrine or misinterpreted scripture. On the contrary, your endeavor to understand God and the nature of the universe is a testament to your devotion.
Debasish Mridha|With endless possibilities, every morning the sunrises.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|What in your life is calling you,When all the noise is silenced,The meetings adjourned...The lists laid aside,And the Wild Iris bloomsBy itselfIn the dark forest...What still pulls on your soul?”—RUMI
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are a gift to the universe, but a package is only valuable if it allows itself to be unwrapped.
Anna Dewdney|When we read with a child, we are doing so much more than teaching him to read or instilling in her a love of language. We are doing something that I believe is just as powerful, and it is something that we are losing as a culture: by reading with a child, we are teaching that child to be human. When we open a book, and share our voice and imagination with a child, that child learns to see the world through someone else’s eyes.
Nadège Richards, Deceiving Destiny|I can't explain my feelings for him...they're strange. But he says it is why we are so much alike, why I dream of him. He calls it The Craving.
Charles Bukowski, Post Office|After dinner or lunch or whatever it was -- with my crazy 12-hour night I was no longer sure what was what -- I said, "Look, baby, I'm sorry, but don't you realize that this job is driving me crazy? Look, let's give it up. Let's just lay around and make love and take walks and talk a little. Let's go to the zoo. Let's look at animals. Let's drive down and look at the ocean. It's only 45 minutes. Let's play games in the arcades. Let's go to the races, the Art Museum, the boxing matches. Let's have friends. Let's laugh. This kind of life like everybody else's kind of life: it's killing us.
Joss Whedon|It's easy to run to others. It's so hard to stand on one's own record. You can fake virtue for an audience. You can't fake it in your own eyes. Your ego is your strictest judge. They run from it. They spend their lives running. It's easier to donate a few thousand to charity and think oneself noble than to base self-respect on personal standards of personal achievement. It's simple to seek substitutes for competence--such easy substitutes: love, charm, kindness, charity. But there is no substitute for competence.
Daniel J. Boorstin|The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|It seemed each band member was in his own world. Yet, each was in tune with the other.
Autumn Doughton, This Sky|As they drifted down the Apple River, Virgil felt as though a medicine was moving through him, flushing his cells with a natural liquid peace. The quiet shrilly of katydids and the soft song of moving water permeated the air. He watched Chantel slowly spinning in the currents, her eyelids fluttering in a way he'd never seen before, her ebony face drenched in sunshine, feet kicking lazily in the water. He wanted to think only of her, in this calm river vision, releasing all other thoughts from his head like flocks and flocks of birds, every species known to man, shooting out of a cavern and filling the sky.
Lailah Gifty Akita|people do not emphasize with victims and give them limitless sympathy, but can very quickly switch to aggression and rejection
Jesikah Sundin, Transitions: Novella Collection|Dear sun i agree you are very "HOT"; you don't have to prove it everyday
Stefan Molyneux|SCREW CHILDREN! That's the mantra of the world. Instead of burying them with a national debt, shoving them in shitty schools, drugging them if they don't comply, hitting them, yelling at them, indoctrinating them with religion and statism and patriotism and military worship, what if we just did what was right for them? The whole world is built on "screw children", and if we changed that, this would be an alien planet to us.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|Look at the statistics. You're more likely to top yourself if you've just gone through a divorce. Or if you're anorexic. Or if you're unemployed. Or if you're a prostitute. Or if you've fought in a war, or if you've been raped, or if you've lost somebody . . . There are lots and lots of factors that push people over the edge; none of these factors are likely to make you feel anything but fucking miserable.
Sammy Cahn|Opera, next to Gothic architecture, is one of the strangest inventions of Western man. It could not have been foreseen by any logical process.
Gayendra Abeywardane, Broken Maps to Miniature Flights|Some guy on the radio is asking me to take it slow, switches to a commercial and I wait for the next song. Feel very much in need of getting lost in speed of electric notes.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|In the world we live, we don’t create or destroy- we just convert entities from one form to another. Loss and Sorrow too. If these are growing in your life- remember you are feeding them.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|Of making many books there is no end, and much study wearies the body
Carlene Bauer, Frances and Bernard|Dear Uncle Bernard - Your niece Frances - a four-eyed, French-plaited platypus awaiting the evaporation of h baby fat - thanks you very much for the romantic advice. But I've never been one to spend time thinking about why men and women take to each other, or why they don't. I think it can turn a lady neurotic, a term I despise but also am loath to have turned in my direction.
