Ilona Andrews, Gunmetal Magic|Did those nice church ladies come by again?" He nodded. "I asked them if a man died and then the woman remarried, and then the three of them met in heaven, would it be a sin for them to have a threesome, since they were all married in God's eye. And they decided they were late to be somewhere else.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Drugs are also a part of school life in particular marijuana. Alcohol beverages, prostitution - not so much on campus - but that is a way of survival for some young women and young men. These are societal ills.
Diana Evans, 26a|I needed somewhere that wasn't bad. I wanted to be light and happy like you, and I wanted never for you to see the dark. I was scared I would infect you with terrible feelings and pictures in my head of walking out in front of the traffic and - No. That's not for you, see? Not for you to hear. I needed you to be my sunlight, Bessi,' and here George paused and her words became very small, 'I lost mine, I lost it.
Bethany Hamilton, Soul Surfer: A True Story of Faith, Family, and Fighting to Get Back on the Board|The author describes how impressed she was with the detailed storyboards that outlined her movie – "not just sketches, but real art". She then describes a Hawaiian sunset as, "God painting His storyboard on the sky".
Taylor Swift|He touched the screen as if trying to reach through with his hand. "You're a wonderful young lady. I don't tell you that often enough. You remind me so much of your mother. She'd be proud. And Grandpa Tom" --he chuckled-- "he always said you'd be the most powerful voice in our family. You're going to outshine me some day, you know. They're going to remember me as Piper McLean's father, and that's the best legacy I can imagine.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|One of the hardest lessons in young Sam's life had been finding out that the people in charge weren't in charge. It had been finding out that governments were not, on the whole, staffed by people who had a grip, and that plans were what people made instead of thinking.
Patience Johnson|Can two walk together, unless they are agreed?’Amos 3:3‘Does This Person Belong in your Life?’A toxic relationship is like a limb with gangrene: unless you amputate it the infection can spread and kill you. Without the courage to cut off what refuses to heal, you’ll end up losing a lot more. Your personal growth - and in some cases your healing - will only be expedited by establishing relationships with the right people. Maybe you’ve heard the story about the scorpion who asked the frog to carry him across the river because he couldn’t swim. ‘I’m afraid you’ll sting me,’ replied the frog. The scorpion smiled reassuringly and said, ‘Of course I won’t. If I did that we’d both drown!’ So the frog agreed, and the scorpion hopped on his back. Wouldn’t you know it: halfway across the river the scorpion stung him! As they began to sink the frog lamented, ‘You promised you wouldn’t sting me. Why’d you do it?’ The scorpion replied, ‘I can’t help it. It’s my nature!’ Until God changes the other person’s nature, they have the power to affect and infect you. For example, when you feel passionately about something but others don’t, it’s like trying to dance a foxtrot with someone who only knows how to waltz. You picked the wrong dance partner! Don’t get tied up with someone who doesn’t share your values and God-given goals. Some issues can be corrected through counselling, prayer, teaching, and leadership. But you can’t teach someone to care; if they don’t care they’ll pollute your environment, kill your productivity, and break your rhythm with constant complaints. That’s why it’s important to pray and ask God, ‘Does this person belong in my life?
Amy Harmon, The Song of David|Everybody keeps talking about 'fighting' the cancer," he said, "everybody keeps telling me to fight for my life, to fight the disease, and how their uncle won the battle against cancer and their cousin won the fight against cancer and black blah blah blah.""Okay...and?""I'm not fighting," he said. "It's already inside me... and I'm not going to fight. I'm going to be a good host, let it pass through me.. resist nothing. Sieve. Let it all pass through.
Graham Hawkes|When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
Paul Levitz, Doctor Fate, Volume 2: Prisoners of the Past|You are the way and you are the goal, and there is no distance between you and the goal. You are the seeker and you are the sought; there is no distance between the seeker and the sought. You are the worshipper and you are the worshipped. You are the disciple and you are the master. You are the means and you are the end: this is the great way.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|It's frustrating when our best efforts to help people fail. But if we could see life through their weary eyes and experience their trials with the same frayed emotions, we might understand why.
John W. Gardner|I will continue my activities related to education in one way or another. I certainly would have at the top my agenda, with respect to education, the need to do much better with modern educational technology.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|He doesn’t need a donkey,” says Ana Kuya. “He has a wife.
Don Rickles|I've worked a lot with Noah Baumbach, and he doesn't make it easy to like his characters, but the stories are funny and witty and there's an edge to that kind of humanity.
Durjoy Datta, When Only Love Remains|....she has realized why people believe in a soul. It's because they have to for they have no other choice. It's hard to bear that all the conversations, all the memories you had with your parents,with your sisters, with the person you loved were burnt or buried, snuffed out of life. So conveniently, people invented the soul, not for the benefit of the deceased, but the loved ones he or she left behind, to make them feel that while they suffer, he or she is watching, and that they equally miss them, like they, too, think of them, and they, too, are watching him.We can't think of the people we love as bodies buried in caskets or an urn full of ashes, so we think of them as a concentrated mist of nothingness which we call the human soul. No matter how hard they we try to make ourselves believe that they are around us, the truth is that they are gone.
Tadeusz Konwicki|-I haven't been writing for years. I lost faith. it's not for me. Too many levels.-What levels?-All those levels of existence. us down here, and up there, high above us. the ceiling of the universe. I've chosen nothingness.
George Gissing|I believe that one key to success is to accept truth, no matter how it's spoken.
Salt, Henry S.|But I would point out that there is another and still more important function of great mountains - the culture not of athletic faculty alone, but of that intellectual sympathy with untamed and primitive Nature which our civilization threatens to destroy. A mountain is something more than a thing to climb. To the many who, on a fine summer day, swarm up Skiddaw or Snowdon by the well-worn pony-paths, it is pure holiday-making; to the few who (in another sense) swarm up Scafell Pinnacel or the Napes needle, it is pure gymnastics; but between or beyond these two classes there are those - pilgrims I call them - who find mountain climbing what only mountains can give, the contact with unsophisticated Nature, the opportunity to be alone, to be out of and above the world of ordinary life, to pass from the familiar sights and surroundings into a cloudland of new shapes and sounds, where one feels the fascination of that undiscoverable secret (I do not know how else to name it) by which every true nature-lover is allured.
Florida Scott-Maxwell, The Measure of My Days|S:uch is Heaven on Earth, in all landA:s the sun brightens to the moon N:ails the Creation in a palm of a hand, D:ancing IT makes the desert bloom.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|What about the contacts your mum had?” his dad asked.“I rang and spoke to four very polite computers who gave me all these options and then cut out on me. Then I tried the post office, because they were advertising, and I spoke to another computer. Very rude, that one. Don’t think it recognized ‘Are you shitting me?’ as an option.”“You know why that is?”“Why is that, Dominic?” Tom had asked drolly, because he knew he was going to be told why.“Because we don’t live in a society anymore, Tom. We live in an economy. We’re not citizens. We’re customers. That’s what this government’s done to us.
Holly Robinson|Many women arrange their lives around the people they love. Unfortunately, that arrangement takes up most of our days.
Shannon L. Alder|People are going to come into your life, and God is going to use them to help you. To them you’re insignificant and don’t matter. They are not going to understand you, or even see the point of why God had you hang in there with them for so long. Remember this: Sometimes meeting someone has nothing to do with what you can provide for him or her and everything to do with what God needs you to recognize in that person. If you didn’t understand the message, God will keep sending the same person or situation into your life.
Hannah Brooks Olsen|When strategy, culture, and brand harmonize, they amplify one another and resonate loud and clear.
Jeff Fortenberry|If you want poets in space, you'll have to wait.
Niels Bohr|TO fear God, is one of the first and greatest Duties of his rational Creatures.
Hannah Reed|Bullies are weak!Bullies are cowards!Bullies are full of hot air!Time to let go of the balloons and let the bullies, Fly Away!
Geoffrey Wood|But here I’d like to add to what the Tempter’s Manual suggests. Depression, at its finest, is not a Future that they cannot hopefully construct, nor a shamed Past that hounds them, but an agonizing Present that they cannot escape. We want to disable their Present so that they cannot use it to look Heavenward.
A.S. King, Everybody Sees the Ants|Listen to me. They may control what you do, but no one can pee on your soul without your permission.
Peter Scott, There's a Spouse in My House: A Humorous Journey Through the First Years of Marriage|Not every woman is obsessed with shoes. But every woman is more obsessed with shoes than her husband is (although that's not too difficult to accomplish, since your husband has exactly two pairs--black shoes that are ten years old and barely broken in and sneakers that are so dirty they classify as a biohazard).
Marlon James|I must have been yearning for some Jewish content beyond my genetic makeup because soon after my 21st birthday, I noticed I was no longer dating WASPs.
Lawrence Blair, Ring of Fire: An Indonesia Odyssey|I guess part of me hoped that you'd come to me because you trusted me to help. And because maybe you missed me, just a little."Beka took a deep breath. "Just a little? Hell, Marcus, it felt like I was missing half my soul."...His hazel eyes stared into hers, as if he could read her mind, or maybe her heart, which stuttered and skipped as if it only half remembered how to beat.Then he said in a low, fervent voice, "I think I found it for you." He pulled her into his arms, wrapping her in strength and warmth and longing, tugging her in close until his lips met hers.
Mary Wilkins Freeman, The Complete Works of Mary Wilkins Freeman|You 'ain't found out yet we're women-folks, Nanny Penn," said she. "You 'ain't seen enough of men-folks yet to. One of these days you'll find it out, an' then you'll know that we know only what men-folks think we do, so far as any use of it goes, an' how we'd ought to reckon men-folks in with Providence an' not complain of what they do any more than we do of the weather.
Madeline Hunter, The Romantic|All these years I've had a story in my mind, the story about us that never really existed. And because of that story, I've kept you framed up on the wall in a little box of nostalgic moonlight.
Richard Dawkins|The worse the evil, the readier must the Christian be to suffer it; he must let the evil person fall into Jesus' hands.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|He had been held to her by a beautiful thread which it pained him to spoil by breaking, rather than by a chain he could not break.
Stephen Richards|You are born, you live and then you die. But when you forgive you are free to live again!
Katie Reus, Danger Next Door|As she reached the stairs, she made a quick detour and stepped outside.	A crescent moon hung in the midnight blue sky along with trillions of twinkling stars. Out here there were no streetlights to wash out the view. She loved being able to see the stars.	Tonight, the mountains were etched deep purple against the night sky. The white snowcapped tips gleamed silver. Nearer, silhouetted pine trees swayed in the breeze as if in a slow dance.	“You are such a romantic,” Trask had once told her. “Are you sure you want to open a bar? You should be writing poetry.”	She’d laughed. “How do you know I don’t?
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Your answer is the logical, coherent answer an absolutely normal person would give: It's a tie! A lunatic, however, would say that what I have around my neck is a ridiculous, useless bit of colored cloth tied in a very complicated way, which makes it harder to get air into your lungs and difficult to turn your neck. I have to be careful when I'm anywhere near a fan, or I could be strangled by this bit of cloth.If a lunatic were to ask me what this tie is for, I would have to say, absolutely nothing. It's not even purely decorative, since nowadays it's become a symbol of slavery, power, aloofness. The only really useful function a tie serves is the sense of relief when you get home and take it off; you feel as if you've freed yourself from something, though quite what you don't know.
G.K. Chesterton|Variability is one of the virtues of a woman. It avoids the crude requirement of polygamy. So long as you have one good wife you are sure to have a spiritual harem".
Mark Kermode, Hatchet Job: Love Movies, Hate Critics|A director must be a policeman, a midwife, a psychoanalyst, a sycophant and a bastard.
Orville Wright, American Inventor and Aviation Pioneer|If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true really is true, then there would be little hope for advance.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|At His door, what is the difference between Muslim and Christian, virtuous and guilty? At his door all are seekers and He the sought.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|There's no shame compared to being beautiful with nothing in your brain, an ugly devil with wits is much better that the former.
Barry L. Hughes, Bitter/Sweet|Every day is an adventure, or it's just some thing you do. It's your choice.
Brian Spellman|Psychosis is person less persona, raving sincerity.
Johannes Kepler|Warm familiar scents drift softly from the oven,And imprint forever upon our heartsThat this is homeand that we are loved.
Sia|I learned to ride a ten-speed when I was 4 or 5. My uncle gave me the bike, hand-me-down, and everyone used to stare at me riding up and down this block. I was too short to reach the pedals, so I put my legs through the V of the frame. I was famous. The little kid who could ride the ten-speed.
Mary Pipher, Seeking Peace: Chronicles of the Worst Buddhist in the World|Religions are metaphorical systems that give us bigger containers in which to hold our lives. A spiritual life allows us to move beyond the ego into something more universal. Religious experience carries us outside of clock time into eternal time. We open ourselves into something more complete and beautiful. This bigger vista is perhaps the most magnificent aspect of a religious experience.There is a sense in which Karl Marx was correct when he said that religion is the opiate of the people. However, he was wrong to scoff at this. Religion can give us skills for climbing up on onto a ledge above our suffering and looking down at it with a kind and open mind. This helps us calm down and connect to all of the world's sufferers. Since the beginning of human time, we have yearned for peace in the face of death, loss, anger and fear. In fact, it is often trauma that turns us toward the sacred, and it is the sacred that saves us.
Jay McInerney, Bright Lights, Big City|There are roughly 1,200 dogs trained to detect bombs and bomb making materials in the US - and over 40,000 trained to detect marijuana. Some of the bomb-dogs are also cross trained as drug-dogs which accounts for their ability to sleep well at night.
Simone Elkeles, Leaving Paradise|He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
Harvey Cushing|For this reason, to study English literature without some general knowledge of the relation of the Bible to that literature would be to leave one's literary education very incomplete.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|Since I knew you, I have been troubled by a remorse that I thought would never reproach me again, and have heard whispers from old voices impelling me upward, that I thought were silent for ever. I have had unformed ideas of striving afresh, beginning anew, shaking off sloth and sensuality, and fighting out the abandoned fight. A dream, all a dream, that ends in nothing, and leaves the sleeper where he lay down, but I wish you to know that you inspired it.
Caroline Kennedy|Sometimes it takes a while to recognize that someone has a special ability to get us to believe in ourselves, to tie that belief to our highest ideals, and to imagine that together we can do great things.In those rare moments, when such a person comes along, we need to put aside our plans and reach for what we know is possible.
Robert Kanigel, The Man Who Knew Infinity: A Life of the Genius Ramanujan|Sometimes in studying Ramanujan's work, [George Andrews] said at another time, "I have wondered how much Ramanujan could have done if he had had MACSYMA or SCRATCHPAD or some other symbolic algebra package.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Live to read, read to learn.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|I've read this same sentence about twenty times since you came in."Anybody else except Ackley would've taken the goddamn hint. Not him though..."What the hellya reading?""Goddamn book."He shoved my book back with his hand so that he could see the name on it. "Any good?" he said."This sentence I'm reading is terrific.
Aaron Lee Yeager, Kharmic Rebound|Most people who idealize strength are ignorant of how it is acquired. Someone who is in constant agony does not notice a prick of the finger. Profound suffering sets a higher threshold, allowing one to bear with ease that which would have been burdensome before. If you wish to be strong, know first that this is the path of it. -The Holy Scrolls of Soeck, Seventh Binding, Thirteenth Stanza
Justin Rosenstein|But despite the universality of URLs, we often forget that they're not just a handy way to address network resources. They're also valuable communication tools.
Sheldon S. Wolin, Democracy Incorporated: Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism|Literate, affluent, self-confident people do not like living under either dictatorship or chaos. As more nations move into modernity and find themselves populated with educated, competent citizens, leaders will find it harder to govern those citizens without providing them the democratic rights that they are going to insist on anyway.
G.S. Jennsen, Apogee|In the distance Richard could see the skyscrapers of Los Angeles rising out of the ocean; barnacle crusted concrete and steel emerging from crashing waves. Once a symbol of economic might, they were now a macabre monument to the mortality of man.
Edward Albee, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?|Martha: Truth or illusion, George; you don't know the difference.George: No, but we must carry on as though we did.Martha: Amen.
Avina Celeste|Give yourself peace of mind. Sleep well, eat well, and laugh well every day. Let your needs be met in positive and healthy ways that allow your mind to rest. You deserve to feel well. Make your wellness a priority over everything else. If your foundation of life, your wellness, is weak you will find that all other levels in your life are weak as well. Everything in your life depends on how you feel. Prioritize your wellness.
Eugène Ionesco|Realism falls short of reality. It shrinks it, attenuates it, falsifies it; it does not take into account our basic truths and our fundamental obsessions: love, death, astonishment. It presents man in a reduced and estranged perspective. Truth is in our dreams, in the imagination.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, In the Name of Jesus: Reflections on Christian Leadership|The Christian leader of the future is called to be completely irrelevant and to stand in this world with nothing to offer but his or her own vulnerable self. That is the way Jesus came to reveal God's love. The great message that we have to carry, as ministers of God's Word and followers of Jesus, is that God loves us not because of what we do or accomplish, but because God has created and redeemed us in love and has chosen us to proclaim that love as the true source of all human life.
P.C. Cast|It was like staring into the face of a familiar stranger. You know, that person you see in a crowd and swear you know, but you really don't? Now she was me - the familiar stranger. She had my eyes. They were the same hazel color that could never decide whether it wanted to be green or brown, but my eyes had never been that big and round. Or had they? She had my hair - long and straight and almost as dark as my grandma’s had been before hers had begun to turn silver. The stranger had my high cheekbones, long, strong nose, and wide mouth - more features from my grandma and her Cherokee ancestors. But my face had never been that pale. I’d always been olive-ish, much darker skinned than anyone else in my family. But maybe it wasn’t that my skin was suddenly so white ... maybe it just looked pale in comparison to the dark blue outline of the crescent moon that was perfectly positioned in the middle of my forehead. Or maybe it was the horrid fluorescent lighting. I hoped it was the lighting. I stared at the exotic-looking tattoo. Mixed with my strong Cherokee features it seemed to brand me with a mark of wildness ... as if I belonged to ancient times when the world was bigger ... more barbaric. From this day on my life would never be the same. And for a moment — just an instant—I forgot about the horror of not belonging and felt a shocking burst of pleasure, while deep inside of me the blood of my grandmother’s people rejoiced.
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|this life has been a landscape of painand still,flowersbloom in it.
Benjamin Netanyahu|The idea that the EU is somehow the guarantor of peace on the continent - that is in itself rash, in my view, and risks undermining the vital role of Nato.
Jack Whiteside Parsons, Rebels and Devils: The Psychology of Liberation|Piety is a discipline of the will through respect. It admits the right to exist of things larger than the ego, of things different from the ego.
Victoria Osteen|We try to keep a good line of communication open with our children. It's not always about trying to just teach them every moment, but it's about listening to them and trying to understand them and gain that sense of communication so when they need to talk to someone, they know that we're there.
Ron Paul|One-third of our people were dangerously ill, getting worse hourly, and we felt sure of meeting the same fate, with death as our only prospect, which in such a country was much worse yet.
Joy Hakim, Making Thirteen Colonies: 1600-1740 A History of US|Some people like danger and adventure, some like to be free of civilization, and some like to live by their wits. It was those special people who headed west.
Henry Mintzberg|Very often, we think of leadership being at the very top of an organisation. I think what's unique about ABG is that we have a very strong cadre of leaders across the organisation who are highly empowered and therefore play a very major role in the growth and evolution of the organization.
William A.  Adams, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|Great leadership has more to do with character, courage, and conviction than it does with specific skills or competencies.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|Life is terribly awkward and uncomfortable, so we spend our time searching for those who make it all a little less unpleasant.
Dash Shaw|Rings and magazines; keychains and umbrellas; hats and glasses; rattles and radios. They looked like different things, but Ralph thought they were really all the same thing: the faint, sorrowing voices of people who had found themselves written out of the script in the middle of the second act while they were still learning their lines for the third, people who had been unceremoniously hauled off before their work was done or their obligations fulfilled, people whose only crime had been to be born in the Random... and to have caught the eye of the madman with the rusty scalpel.
Søren Kierkegaard, The Sickness Unto Death: A Christian Psychological Exposition for Upbuilding and Awakening|You must think I don’t know what’s keeping you up at night. You must think we’re so different. But I know. Everyone knows despair. Isn’t that why people jump off bridges or drown themselves? Anything, really, to escape being human.
Chris Burkmenn|If you are looking for an excuse to quit you will find it, but if you are looking for a reason to continue you must fight for it.
Andrew Galasetti, These Colors Don't Run|We gonna be a family again in Heaven. It takes some strong patience, but the Lord will come through. And as long as we here, we can get on living by never forgetting. Never forgetting and always remembering.
Tijan, Hate to Love You|Simply put, she was the one who had to put up with me. That she did so with love and patience and encouragement instead of strangling me, throwing my remains into a wood chipper, and then pretending she had never been married to me at all is a testament to the fact that she is, in fact, the single best person I know.
C.P.  Smith, Property Of|Anthony watched him, dumbfounded, and then turned to Lucy. “What have you done with Zack’s brain?”Lucy stood to follow Zack. “What brain? I don’t think he has one. I think he’s just one giant exposed nerve ending. I swear sometimes at night, I can hear his neurons snapping like popcorn.
Adam Clayton|I am sure that every one of my colleagues - Democrat, Republican, and Independent - agrees with that statement. That in the voting booth, every one is equal.
Jonathan Edwards|To have the kind of year you want to have, something has to happen that you can't explain why it happened. Something has to happen that you can't coach.
Rory Stewart, The Prince of the Marshes: And Other Occupational Hazards of a Year in Iraq|In the evening [the Iraqi interim governor of Maysan province] asked me for fifty dollars to repair his windows, which had been destroyed in a recent demonstration. Although he was the governor, his salary was only four hundred and fifty dollars a month, and Baghdad had still not agreed to give the governors an independent budget.... For the sake of a tiny sum of money - a couple thousand dollars a month from the hundred billion we had spent on the invasion - we were alienating our key partner and successor. p. 264
John Bingham|Believe that you can run farther or faster. Believe that you're young enough, old enough, strong enough, and so on to accomplish everything you want to do. Don't let worn-out beliefs stop you from moving beyond yourself.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|You flirt with everything." She could tell that her eyes were popping-- her eyeballs actually felt cold around the edges. "You flirt with old people and babies and everybody in between.
Arjun Rampal|Bathrooms are, on a square foot basis, the most expensive room in the house to renovate. If you want to test your heart's fitness, try shopping for simple bathroom faucets. Add in the cost of the required valves, mixers and trims, and you may need reviving when you see the tally!
Craig Silvey|We can act only in our time, among the people who surround us. We shall be capable of nothing until we know whether we have the right to kill our fellow men, or the right to let them be killed. Since all contemporary action leads to murder, direct or indirect, we cannot act until we know whether, and why, we have the right to kill.
Adam Haslett, Imagine Me Gone|You don't want to think about it, but there's an ethical limit to what anyone should have to endure. You can't just negate that with sentimentality. With the idea of some indomitable spirit. That's a fairy tale. It's what people say about other people, to avoid the wretchedness. It's just cruelty by other means. Requiring a person to stay alive. For you.
Shelly Crane, Wide Open|Her chest began to quake softly. "Why?"	"Why what, sweetheart?" I said gently. 	"Why do you want me?"	I didn't even have to think. "Because anyone who's been through what you have and can still come out in one piece on the other side is a beautiful creature that I want to know.
William Carlos Williams, Paterson|We sit and talk,quietly, with long lapses of silenceand I am aware of the streamthat has no language, coursingbeneath the quiet heaven ofyour eyeswhich has no speech
Nicole Kornher-Stace|I owed the greater apology, but at the same time I knew that was done was done, that no matter what I said now I would never be able to make it right.
James Schannep, Infected|Some of my earliest and fondest memories of my mother are of her kneeling at the side of per bed every night and praying. As a child, I would always get very close to her as she prayed. I would put my ear as close as I could to her mouth and try my best to hear what she was saying to God, but I never could make out the words. Today, being married to an addict myself, I'm pretty sure I know exactly what she was praying.
Jane Yolen, Take Joy: A Writer's Guide to Loving the Craft|We write not just to show off, not just to tell, or only to have written. We write to know ourselves.
Ray Bradbury, Zen and the Art of Writing and the Joy of Writing: Two Essays|I get tired of hearing some science-fiction fans saying that characterization isn't important in SF. In point of fact, I think it's probably more important in SF than in mainstream fiction. After all, if the author can't characterize humans well, he or she probably can't characterize aliens well either.
Julius Caesar|Those who have learned to walk on the threshold of the unknown worlds, by means of what are commonly termed par excellence the exact sciences, may then, with the fair white wings of imagination, hope to soar further into the unexplored amidst which we live.
Mark Z. Danielewski|the seriousness of emotional deprivation:It is not difficult to understand how children who have suffered from malnutrition or starvation need food and plenty of care in their bodies are to recover so they can go on to lead normal lives. If, however, the starvation is severe enough, the damage will be permanent and they will suffer physical impairments for the rest of their lives. Likewise, children who are deprived of emotional nurturing require care and love if their sense of security and self-confidence is to be restored. However, if love is minimal and abuse high, the damage will be permanent and the children will suffer emotional impairments for the rest of their lives.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|I can usually tell when a woman is going through a divorce because they look so gaunt and tired and sad. It's just a huge sadness. It's horrible. It's like death. You mourn, but the person's still there.
Sandeep Kakkar|If there’s no game, isn't winning a pretty meaningless concept?
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Readers, not critics, are the people who determine a book's eventual fate.
Ajay Kumar|Pride be damned, we do what must be done to survive.
Nathan Myhrvold|For relatively modest amounts of sulfur dioxide injected into the atmosphere, you could easily cool Earth by 1% or more, if you want.
Mary Ruefle, Madness, Rack, and Honey: Collected Lectures|Her eyes were celadon saucers but bottomless, of such great depth that she could take in the knowledge of whole worlds and have room in that gaze for still more.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from the sun; it is warm to everyone, and is therefore never in short supply of those who adore it.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|To say that an Orgota government fell means, of course, only that one group of Commensals replaced another group of Commensals in the controlling offices of the Thirty-Three. Some shadows got shorter and some longer, as they say in Karhide.
Sam Starbuck, The Dead Isle|Miss Fields," said a servant, stepping into the room and closing the door, "There is a visitor for you. Are you in?"Clare blinked. "Yes, obviously.""Ah. Miss Fields, I should advise -- you may be in without being 'in', if you prefer," he said, offering her a tray. There was a calling card on it; Arthur Conan Doyle, Edinburgh.
Dean Keak Tegn|If you want to be creative, eat salt not sugar.
Sierra D. Waters, Debbie.|The story of my birth that my mother told me went like this: "When you were coming out I wasn't ready yet and neither was the nurse. The nurse tried to push you back in, but I shit on the table and when you came out, you landed in my shit."If there ever was a way to sum things up, the story of my birth was it.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|The nastiest kind of writer is a ghostwriter, who bears people’s children in their body for money.
Ron Livingston|My method of helping someone is saying, 'Wow, you look amazing. Let me help you look even better.' I think tearing someone down is an awful thing to do. It has a lasting impression on people.
Anonymous|I can deal with anything in this world, except your silence.
Biz Stone, Things a Little Bird Told Me: Confessions of the Creative Mind|Trust your instincts, know what you want, and believe in your ability to achieve it. Rules and conventions are important for schools, businesses, and society in general, but you should never follow them blindly.
Setta Jay, Hidden Ecstasy|You ask why I make my home in the mountain forest,and I smile, and am silent,and even my soul remains quiet:it lives in the other worldwhich no one owns.The peach trees blossom,The water flows.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|St. John,” I said, “I think you are al­most wicked to talk so. I am dis­posed to be as con­tent as a queen, and you try to stir me up to rest­less­ness! To what end?”“To the end of turn­ing to profit the tal­ents which God has committed to your keep­ing; and of which He will surely one day de­mand a strict ac­count. Jane, I shall watch you closely and anx­iously—I warn you of that. And try to re­strain the dis­pro­por­tion­ate fervour with which you throw your­self into com­mon­place home pleasures. Don’t cling so tena­ciously to ties of the flesh; save your con­stancy and ar­dour for an ad­e­quate cause; for­bear to waste them on trite tran­sient ob­jects. Do you hear, Jane?”“Yes; just as if you were speak­ing Greek. I feel I have ad­e­quate cause to be happy, and I will be happy. Good­bye!
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|It’s easy to put the links between the increases in mental illness, depression, ADHD, and the like, with the speed of the modern world. People never get the chance to do nothing, or when they do, they lack the control to prevent their mind from racing off in a thousand different directions. So much so that their doing nothing becomes a thousand different things and the thousand different things becomes stress, anxiety, worry and fear. Left untreated these simple everyday things become well entrenched in our psyches and start to dominate our lives. We have a chronic addiction with doing and we love to use our busyness as a stamp of our hard work and hectic lives and we get stuck in this busy trap of always doing.
Sakin Maharjan|I have my own ego, greed, love and a passion but sometime that same greed and ego kneels me down. In that moment I don't kneel and cry for my ego but I will clear a dirt over my pant and run for my passion. Ego can kill us but not your passion not your love. Move On!!!
Lemony Snicket, The Blank Book|Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|There is the inner life, which is the world of final reality, the world of memory, emotion, imagination, intelligence, and natural common sense, and which goes on all the time like the heartbeat. There is also the thinking process by which we break into that inner life and capture answers and evidence to support the answers out of it. That process of raid, or persuasion, or ambush, or dogged hunting, or surrender, is the kind of thinking we have to learn and if we do not somehow learn it, then our minds lie in us like the fish in the pond of a man who cannot fish.
David James Duncan, The Brothers K|A sacrifice is not convenient. If it is something we can easily do, then it is not a sacrifice.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|Qui me amat, amet et canem meum. (Who loves me will love my dog also.)
Linda Jo Hunter, Lonesome for Bears: A Woman's Journey in the Tracks of the Wilderness|When you are where wild bears liveyou learn to pay attention to the rhythm of the land and yourself. Bears not only make the habitat rich, they enrich us just by being.
Arthur Rimbaud, A Season in Hell|Once, if my memory serves me well, my life was a banquet where every heart revealed itself, where every wine flowed.
John Burroughs|I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.
Sandra Day O'Connor|The good news is that, according to the Obama administration, the rich will pay for everything. The bad news is that, according to the Obama administration, you're rich.
Brad Stone, The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon|...if your great-great-great-grandfather wanted to read his book after dark, some poor soul had to crawl around in a whale’s head for an afternoon.
Marilyn Grey, When the City Sleeps|The process of discovering your greatest self is of refinement, not adding. The best way to reconnect with your freedom is to look at the rules you have that govern and hinder it.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|To commit to loving a person for five minutes is easy. To commit to loving a person for the rest of your life, after you have met them, is a strong commitment. But when you commit to loving a person before you meet them and for the rest of your life, you have made the strongest commitment one can make to a relationship.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre: Redemption|No wonder the sky had to be blotted out by advertisements. The stars drowned with lights. If everyone could see beyond Coalition horizons, perhaps they'd see the titans of humanity for what they were: tiny creatures, smaller than insects, and in the scale of things, every bit as insignificant.
Michael  Harris|If solitude feels painful, it's only because we don't know how to be alone.
Arthur Conan Doyle|(...) My mind is like a racing engine, tearing itself to pieces because it is not connected up with the work for which it was built.
Felicity Brandon, Customer Service|Honey, letting us isn’t the issue. You either cooperate and get it done, or don’t-and still get it done.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|For the Qur’ān, it is neither strange nor out of tune nor blameworthy for a prophetthat he is not always consistent as a human. It is nevertheless as a human that hebecomes an example for mankind, for his average level of conduct is still so high that it is a worthy model for mankind.
Gautama Buddha|We have two alternatives: either we question our beliefs - or we don't. Either we accept our fixed versions of reality- or we begin to challenge them. In Buddha's opinion, to train in staying open and curious - to train in dissolving our assumptions and beliefs - is the best use of our human lives.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|Lincoln was less well-read than many a professor or journalist, but what he read, he read deeply.
Vijay Sethupathi|People take years learning how to act; it's a skill, not just a job. If I tried it out and thought I'd be OK, then perhaps I'd go for it, but it's not the kind of thing you can get into just because of your looks.
Jessica Sorensen, Broken Visions|Seriously, it's like watching mild porn, watching you two eye fuck each other every two seconds.
Dada Bhagwan|This world stands on the foundation of the relationship between the support and the support-taker. If the support is removed, the support-taker will be released.
Colin Firth|When I'm really into a novel, I'm seeing the world differently during that time— not just for the hour or so in the day when I get to read. I'm actually walking around in a haze, spellbound by the book and looking at everything through a different prism.
Debasish Mridha|When you love yourself, you love everyone.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|Never let your goals or convictions get in the way of living your life. It's not about who dies with more, it's about who lived the most.
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|...the incarnation is the complete refutation of every human system and institution that claims to control, possess, and distribute God. Whatever any church or religious leader may claim in regard to their particular access to God or control over your experience of God, the incarnation is the last word: God loves the world. God came into the world in the form of the people he created, the human race (including you and me), who bear his image. God's creation of humanity in his image gives hints of who he is, since we all are marked by his fingerprints.But as flawed humans, we give only a vague hint of God. Our broken reflection of God's image is easily drowned out by our broken humanity. then, two thousand years ago, God came in his fullness. He came to all of us in Jesus. The incarnation is not owned, trademarked, or controlled by any church. It belongs to every human being. The incarnation is not something that requires a distributor or middleman. It is a gracious gift to every person everywhere, religious or not. God gave himself to us in Jesus.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|Leaders can choose to grow and change, but generally the most powerful predictor of future performance is past behavior. Evaluate them realistically.
Mikko Hypponen|The legal principle placing the burden of proof on accusers rather than the accused can be traced back to Second and Third Century Roman jurist, Julius Paulus Prudentissimus. Yet, this ancient concept, which forms the legal and moral cornerstone of the American judicial system, is quickly being undermined in the name of 'national security.'
Leanore Elliott, The Beholder|They were on the side of the angels, even if the angels weren't entirely sure that this was a good thing.
Sunday Adelaja|No matter how giant and rich you are, if you are isolated you will fall and remain alone in this world
Eleanor Roosevelt|You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.
Kevin Smith|I know from experience that you should never give up on yourself or others, no matter what.
Kevin Wallis, Beneath the Surface of Things|My brothers’ faces haunt me. I hear their children, my nieces and nephews, asking me why I came home without their daddies. I think of their wives, imagine their questions. Our parents, forever seeing the faces of their lost sons when they look at me. They will want answers, demand to know how I survived. And what do I tell them? That I huddled like a baby inside my tent while their killer beckoned me forth for one last stand?
James Carlos Blake, Handsome Harry|And though Remi was having worklife problems and bad lovelife with a sharp-tongued woman, he at least had learned to laugh almost better than anyone in the world, and I saw all the fun we were going to have in Frisco. 
David Rockefeller|It's also selfish because it makes you feel good when you help others. I've been helped by acts of kindness from strangers. That's why we're here, after all, to help others.
Sidharth Oberoi, 3 Days of Summer|Crushes don't just develop over time,they are built over the foundation of basic trust.
Rachel Held Evans, Searching for Sunday: Loving, Leaving, and Finding the Church|Posterity! you will never know how much it cost the present generation to preserve your freedom! I hope you will make a good use of it. If you do not, I shall repent in Heaven that I ever took half the pains to preserve it.
Joseph Smith Jr.|Let us here observe, that a religion that does not require the sacrifice of all things, never has power sufficient to produce the faith necessary unto life and salvation.
David Gemmell, Lion of Macedon|Things take care of themselves  as long as you trust and don't try to control too much. Things will happen. Things tend to occur. Why resist what's inevitable? That's like swimming against the current, salmon notwithstanding. Go with the flow, you know? Glide with the glow, man. It's easier.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|We went our several ways," said Lady Dedlock, "and had little in common even before we agreed to differ. It is to be regretted, I suppose, but it could not be helped.
Troy Polamalu|Nobody understands another's sorrow, and nobody another's joy.
Albert Camus|The spirit of rebellion can only exist in a society where a theoretical equality conceals great factual inequalities. The problem of rebellion, therefore, has no meaning except within our own Western society.
Nicci French, Friday on My Mind|It's what the loss uncovers in you that brings on despair, not the loss itself.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Dear 2016,If I has any defeats in your term, I am glad they were on my terms!Best,The Defeated Winner
Eminem|Success in business today requires real-time, mobile access to business opportunities.
Stephen King, It|I hear, "Yes, Let us more education invest!"Whilst destitute, Outside their gates doth rest,Women, children, and men, Poor and a hungered!Odd that colleges fill, Yet mercy is numbered.
Tim Macartney-Snape|Time plays tricks on mothers. It teases you with breaks and brief caesuras, only to skip wildly forward, bringing breathtaking changes to your baby's body. Only he wasn't a baby anymore, and how often did I have to learn that? The lessons were painful.
Jeffrey McDaniel|If you heard your lover scream in the next roomand you ran in and saw his pinkie on the floor, in a small puddle of blood.You wouldn't rush to the pinkie and say, 'Darling, are you OK? 'No, you'd wrap your arms around his shoulders and worry about the pinkie later.The same holds true if you heard the scream, ran in and saw his hand or -god forbid- his whole arm.But suppose you hear your lover scream in the next room, and you run in and his head is on the floor next to his body.Which do you rush to and comfort first?
Ozzie Zehner, Green Illusions|Environmentalists generally object to battery-powered devices and for good reason: batteries require mined minerals, employ manufacturing processes that leak toxins into local ecosystems and leave behind an even-worse trail of side effects upon disposal. Though when it comes to the largest mass-produced battery-powered gadget ever created—the electric car—environmentalists cannot jump from their seats fast enough to applaud it.
Greta Garbo|Imagine the peace symbol. The peace symbol has three pieces in it. One piece is emotion, that's your body. Another piece has spirit in it, that's your fuel. Another piece has intellect in it and that's your steering wheel. You can never overdo the fuel that goes into the body, which is the emotions and the steering wheel to drive it.
Tom Bingham, The Rule of Law|I have one weapon," Mason said. "It's a powerful weapon. But sometimes it's hard to wield it because you don't know just where to grab hold of it.""What weapon is that?" Della Street asked."The truth," Mason said.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|She faces him, trying to take a breath that's long and level, trying to pull all the slopping emotions back inside so he won't see them in her face.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|It is clear that thought is not free if the profession of certain opinions makes it impossible to earn a living. It is clear also that thought is not free if all the arguments on one side of a controversy are perpetually presented as attractively as possible, while the arguments on the other side can only be discovered by diligent search.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|I am always trying to 'preserve' things by getting other people to read what I have written, and feel what I felt.
Jorge Enrique Ponce|I immediately thought of the stars. Stars. Heavenly bodies formed by huge clouds of dust and gas bumpinginto one another, getting bigger, their gravity getting stronger. Once hot enough, nuclear fusion occurs. And then a star is formed.People are shaped in a similar way—just like stars—excessive amounts of dust and hot gas. And like stars, everyone’s life has a turning point prior to their big bang. The shit show before the creation. Y ’know, one of those moments that can fuck you up.Cleopatra’s was when her father named her joint regent at fourteen. Fucked-up.Bruce Wayne’s when he witnessed his parents get murdered. Fucked-up.Charles Manson’s when his mother sold him for a pitcher of beer. Fucked. Up.Not to mention 'Helter Skelter.
Chris Bohjalian, The Law of Similars|And though some days it is very hard, I try not to live for the future. And I try not to dream of the past.
Mike Judge|I first started going to shows when I was about 16 - seeing local bands. I mean, I loved music before that, and I played a bit of guitar when I was younger and thought maybe I'd become a guitar teacher or something, but when I saw other kids doing it, I was like, 'Whoa, these are great bands! I can do it, too.'
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|He said he had evidence that the Company was giving the opposition party money, which was just preposterous considering what bad form it would have been, trusting anybody in the Third World with money.
Kenneth Logan, True Letters from a Fictional Life|Dude,” he said instead, “I’m flattered as hell.” And then he kicked my foot, lightly, twice. He was smiling.He couldn’t see the chasm that had opened behind my ribs.
Kiera Cass, The One|I loved him.I couldn't pinpoint what made me so certain, but I knew it then, as surely as I knew my name or the color of the sky or any fact written in a book.Could he feel it, too?Maxon broke the kiss and looked at me. "You're so pretty when you are a mess."I laughed nervously. "Thank you. For that and for the rain and for not giving up."He ran his fingers along my cheek and nose and chin. "You're worth it. I don't think that you get that. You're worth it to me.
Jeffrey Tucker, Bourbon for Breakfast: Living Outside the Statist Quo|We really don’t get all the government we pay for, and thank goodness. Lord protect us on the day that we do.
Miguel Ruiz|The human is the only animal on earth that pays a thousand times for the same mistake. The rest of the animals pay only once for every mistake they make. But not us. We have a powerful memory. We make a mistake, we judge ourselves, we find ourselves guilty, and we punish ourselves.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Show me what a people admire, and I will tell you everything about them that matters.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To vastly improve your country and truly make it great again, start by choosing a better leader. Do not let the media or the establishment make you pick from the people they choose, but instead choose from those they do not pick.
Margaret Sanger|A mutual and satisfied sexual act is of great benefit to the average woman, the magnetism of it is health giving. When it is not desired on the part of the woman and she has no response, it should not take place. This is an act of prostitution and is degrading to the woman's finer sensibility, all the marriage certificates on earth to the contrary notwithstanding.
Penelope Wilcock, The Hawk and the Dove|If the present is left unopened,now, it is closed.
Nicola Sturgeon|I guess there are some women who like older men, but it's a smaller group.
Douglas Sirk|Especially as a title-holder, you can do great things with charities, because people suddenly care about what you have to say. I wanted to make a difference, which is why I created the Queen of the Universe pageant. I want to change all of those stigmas in the beauty pageant world.
Arthur Miller|Hell, I never vote for anybody, I always vote against.
Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist|What happens is my mind starts to go in circles, thinking and thinking, and then I can't sleep. And once a couple of days go by, if you haven't slept, you start to get sick. You can't eat. You start to cry. It just feeds on itself.
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|She knew that each emotion came and went, knew that she could cope with whatever life threw at her.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Justice is the only worship.Love is the only priest.Ignorance is the only slavery.Happiness is the only good.The time to be happy is now,The place to be happy is here,The way to be happy is to make others so.Wisdom is the science of happiness.
Franz Werfel, The Song of Bernadette|For those who believe, no explanation is necessary. For those who do not believe, no explanation is possible.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|She had the look in her eye when you kick and kick at the door and it doesn't open, when you write a boy letters and letters and he never loves you, not ‘til the day he dies. Not even then.
Sally Mann, Hold Still: A Memoir with Photographs|I'm going out on a limb here and say that I believe my morality should have no bearing on the discussion of the pictures I made. ... Oscar Wilde, when attacked in a similar ad hominem way, insisted that it is senseless to speak of morality when discussing art, asserting that the hypocritical, prudish, and philistine English public, when unable to find the art in a work of art, instead looked for the main in it.
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|Uthlubul ilma walau bisshin,” meaning, “Seek knowledge, even if it’s as far as China.” -17
Elizabeth Warren, A Fighting Chance|When you have no real power, go public—really public. The public is where the real power is.
Lisa Kessler, Hunter's Moon|The sound of your voice makes the chaos around me vanish. The smell of your hair calms my soul. The sight of your smile tames the wolf inside of me, and touching your skin…” He glanced at our joined hands. “Touching your skin makes the broken parts of me whole.” - Aren from Hunter's Moon
Henry Giroux|There are forces all around you who wish to exploit division, rob you of your freedom, and tell you what to think. But young folks can rekindle the weary spirit of a slumbering nation.
Yul Brynner|This position is untenable, and there can be no pause in the agitation for full political power and responsibility until these are granted to all the women of the nation.
B.C. Morin, Mark of the Princess|There should have been a dark whisper in the wind. Or maybe a deep chill in the bone. Something. An ethereal song only Elizabeth or I could hear. A tightness in the air. Some textbook premonition. There are misfortunes we almost expect in life—what happened to my parents, for example—and then there are other dark moments, moments of sudden violence that alter everything. There was my life before the tragedy. There is my life now. The two have very little in common.
Meg Ryan|It seemed romantic but also tragic - people would be winning but then lose it all, or crash but fight on, break bones but get back on their bikes and try to finish. Just getting to the end was seen as an achievement in itself.
Richter|Every man has two educations – that which is given to him, and the other, that which he gives to himself. Of the tow kinds, the latter is by far the most valuable. Indeed all that is most worthy in a man, he must work out and conquer for himself. It is that, that constitutes our real and best nourishment. What we are merely taught, seldom nourishes the mind like that which we teach ourselves.
Henry Austin Dobson|Time goes, you say? Ah no!Alas, Time stays, we go;Or else, were this not so, What need to chain the hours,For Youth were always ours?Time goes, you say?-ah no!Ours is the eyes' deceitOf men whose flying feetLead through some landscape low; We pass, and think we seeThe earth's fixed surface flee:-Alas, Time stays,-we go!Once in the days of old,Your locks were curling gold,And mine had shamed the crow. Now, in the self-same stage,We've reached the silver age;Time goes, you say?-ah no!Once, when my voice was strong,I filled the woods with songTo praise your 'rose' and 'snow'; My bird, that sang, is dead;Where are your roses fled?Alas, Time stays,-we go!See, in what traversed ways,What backward Fate delaysThe hopes we used to know; Where are our old desires?-Ah, where those vanished fires?Time goes, you say?-ah no!How far, how far, O Sweet,The past behind our feetLies in the even-glow! Now, on the forward way,Let us fold hands, and pray;Alas, Time stays,-we go!
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|All that we have seen is something of a vast and intricate and lovely universe. There is no particular theological conclusion that comes out of an exercise such as the one we have just gone through. What is more, when we understand something of the astronomical dynamics, the evolution of worlds, we recognize that worlds are born and worlds die, they have lifetimes just as humans do, and therefore that there is a great deal of suffering and death in the cosmos if there is a great deal of life.
Bruce Lipton|Man was made at the end of the week's work, when God was tired.
Wiz Khalifa|I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open for you.
Geraldine Brooks, March|I wonder where he lies. Wedged under a rock, with a thousand small mouths already sucking on his spongy flesh. Or floating still, on and down, on and down, to wider, calmer reaches of the river. I see them gathering: the drowned, the shot. Their hands float out to touch each other, fingertip to fingertip. In a day, two days, they will glide on, a funeral flotilla, past the unfinished white dome rising out of its scaffolds on a muddy hill in Washington. Will the citizens recognize them, the brave fallen, and uncover in a gesture of respect? Or will they turn away, disgusted by the bloated mass of human rot?
Jennifer McMahon, Don't Breathe a Word|To refrain from storytelling is perhaps one of the highest forms of respect we can pay. Those people, with no stories to circle them, can die without being misunderstood.
Mark Sisson, Primal Blueprint 21-Day Total Body Transformation: A Step-by-Step, Gene Reprogramming Action Plan|Satchmo was raised on steaming pots of red beans and rice, a meal so familiar that he described it as his “birthmark”—indeed, in adulthood, he often signed off letters with “Red beans and ricely yours.
Ross Macdonald|We could already try to lend a hand, to intervene if only by simply moving objects around. This would be better, on the whole, than waiting for the thick wall encircling life to brutally make the first move. (As happens during wartime.)
Christine Brodien-Jones, The Glass Puzzle|Bernard of Clairvaux shared with Goethe and Balzac the art of charging narratives with his own charisma (and this is probably the only context in which those three names can be mentioned in one breath). On the surface self-representation was not the purpose of such narratives; they presented themselves as fiction or as commentaries on scripture. Let me suggest the word 'autography' to describe the process. 'Autography' is writing yourself into your own composition, not by describing yourself, but by infusing your own presence into it. The reader feels your presence, but sees someone or something else.
Tanya Masse, Stairway to Awesomeness!: 30 Fundamental Steps to Living a Life of Awesomeness!|You NEED to look back to remember the awesome memories, to remember the positive lessons you have learned, to help someone else learn from what you have lived and to see how far you have come.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|And that infinitesimal change ripples outward -- even smaller but everlasting. I will get forgotten, but the stories will last. And so we all matter -- maybe less than a lot, but always more than none.
John Bytheway|And I, Nephi, took one of the daughters of Ishmael to wife.' Well Mr. Go-And-Do just went and did!
Akatsuki no Yona|As long as you keep on walking on the old paths, you will never have footprints on the new paths!
Frank Capra|I don't care what people think of me, unless they think I'm mean or something, but I don't care if they think I'm like someone else because I know I'm not - I'm a total weirdo. I'm not selling a dream; I'm not selling fame like it is some sort of fantastic thing. I'm just trying to sell music and get on with my real life.
Alan Alda|I think everyone should take an acting class. It's like therapy because you get to learn a lot about yourself if it's the right teacher. You're putting yourself up there in front of people, and it takes a lot of the intimidation of everyday away.
Amy Petrie Shaw, The Tao of the Dippy Cat: A Series of Uncomfortable Incidents and Horrible Happenings|Yet what happened in fact? In the middle of the night John woke up and saw me sleeping beside him with no doubt a look of peace on my face, even of bliss, bliss is not unattainable in this world. He saw me—saw me as I was at that moment—took fright, hurriedly strapped the armour back over his heart, this time with chains and a double padlock, and stole out into the darkness.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Don't think about waht other's think of you. Matter of fact don't think at all,just be you. Do what you feel. No one else matters.
Stephen Richards|Try to study yourself and what is inside you, as the entire world lies in you.
Alfred Tennyson|If tears of sorrow are the echoes of things lost, what then are tears of joy?
Neill F. Marriott|In serving others, the church will save itself from becoming nothing more than a spiritualized 501c3 not-for-profit, self-centered corporation, organized for the benefit of donor tax exemption. Serving others will remind us of our identity and call us out from this self-absorbed, selfish world to be the people of God on a journey following his Son, Jesus.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|So here I am, upside down in a woman.
Anne Enright, Yesterday's Weather|The Russian commands sound like the name of the camp commandant. Shishtvanyanov: a gnashing and spluttering collection of ch, sh, tch, shch. We can't understand the actual words, but we sense the contempt. You get used to contempt. After a while the commands just sound like a constant clearing of the throat—coughing, sneezing, nose blowing, hacking up mucus. Trudi Pelikan said: Russian is a language that's caught a cold.
Leland Stanford|As soon as man enters into a state of society he loses the sense of his weakness; equality ceases, and then commences the state of war.
Maija Haavisto, The Atlas Moth|Grant me the wisdom to know when to keep trying and when to stop wasting time, the patience to keep going with the 1st, and the courage & serenity to let go of the 2nd.
Soren Kierkegaard|We've had great successes, but our future is not about our past success. It's going to be about whether we will invent things that are really going to drive our future.
Sachin sawariya|Legend of the Cryptids card (Tragic Maiden Wotan adv.)Lore: It was the knowledge of love that brought solitude. It was the knowledge of love that brought despair. That was why Wotan made the decision to become detested rather than adored. "O cursed crown, grant me my desires!
Jamie Bartlett, The Dark Net: Inside the Digital Underworld|In the past, censorship worked by blocking the flow of information. In the 21st century, censorship works by flooding people with irrelevant information. People just don't know what to pay attention to, and they often spend their time investigating and debating side issues.
Craig Brown|The intention and outcome of vulnerability is trust, intimacy and connection. The outcome of oversharing is distrust, disconnection - and usually a little judgment.
Tite Kubo|For, though the room was silent, the silence of half a hundred cats is a peculiar thing, like fifty individual silences all piled one on top of another.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The nation’s image has become more like a chameleon—accepting whatever trend marketers concoct. Gone are the days of reverencing a holy God in the church or within ourselves. Yet the Bible tells us, “Happy is the man who is always reverent” (Proverbs 28:14 NKJV).
Milan Kundera|The "if I had time" lie is a convenient way to ignore the fact that novels require being written and that writing happens a sentence at a time. Sentences can happen in a moment. Enough stolen moments, enough stolen sentences, and a novel is born - without the luxury of time.
Catherine Lowell, The Madwoman Upstairs|He had no notion of meeting danger half-way. When it came upon him, he confronted it, but it must come before he troubled himself.
Douglas Rushkoff|History is rich with adventurous men, long on charisma, with a highly developed instinct for their own interests, who have pursued personal power - bypassing parliaments and constitutions, distributing favours to their minions, and conflating their own desires with the interests of the community.
Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front|How much evil throughout history could have been avoided had people exercised their moral acuity with convictional courage and said to the powers that be, 'No, I will not. This is wrong, and I don't care if you fire me, shoot me, pass me over for promotion, or call my mother, I will not participate in this unsavory activity.' Wouldn't world history be rewritten if just a few people had actually acted like individual free agents rather than mindless lemmings?
Jess C. Scott, Tongue-Tied|Last night I was seriously considering whether I was a bisexual or not but I don’t think so though I’m not sure if I’d like to be and argh I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that, if you like a person, you like the person, not their genitals.
Anthony Horowitz, The House of Silk|If you wanted to kill me, why haven't you smothered me in my sleep?" "No sport in that." She gestured towards the ceiling. "Can I expect to be strung up on that bar and gutted like a deer?" He looked up at the bar and frowned. "Too much sport. Lots of heave-hoeing. Big mess to clean up after. Instead, why don't you just drink the poison-laced whiskey?" He extended the glass toward her again and when she didn't move he said, "No? Okay then." He shot the drink. She might not want the edge taken off but he sure as hell did.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Letting go is not getting rid of memories. Memories will stay, they always do. Letting go is making sure that the pain associated with the memories goes away.
Rida Altaf|Life is not perfectIt's a place of pain,a place of shame,a place of danger,and maybe a place of joy,No, life is not perfect,And it doesn't matter what aspect.Some times it's a sunset and a sunrise,Or the blue skies,Or a prize in disguise,But sometimes it's also sour,A wail and a roar,With no one to implore,Life is a testIt throws problems at usAnd waits for us to crumble,under the distress,And looks as we struggle,And gathers the pieces that are left,But if we look at it differently,We can carry on brilliantly,It's just a matter of will power,And being courageous,A matter of refusing to be a coward,and facing what is dangerous,Life doesn't throw problems at us,to see us lose hope,No, it expects us to become strong,It doesn't expect us to mopeOr mourn,Life is like a teacher,It teaches a lesson,That whatever the situation,Life must go onTime won't stop,And wait for you to gain hopeNo, it'll carry on,And let you mope,Time can't be reversed,No amount of crying will change the situation,So stop thinking that your life is cursed,Because life must go on...
Kenneth Wayne Wood|What is it, the difference between ordinary people and those with genius? Not just ordinary people either. Intelligent people, sensitive ones, exceptionally talented ones. Even people like Sonja who give everything and then more, who work harder than seems possible on the thing they love.
Will Rogers|Statistics suggest that when customers complain, business owners and managers ought to get excited about it. The complaining customer represents a huge opportunity for more business.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|There was no such thing as destiny, and no such thing as prophecy; there was only matter slamming into other matter like two toy trucks in the hands of a child.
Adriano Bulla|But all this business about kings and lords, it's against basic human dignity. We're all born equal. It makes me sick.''Never heard you talk like this before, Frederick,' said Nobby.'It's Sergeant Colon to you, Nobby.
Kathleen E. Woodiwiss, Shanna|My skill didn't lie in planning battles, only in fighting them.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we learn to respond to disappointments with acceptance, we give ourselves the space to realize that all our experiences—good and bad alike—are opportunities to learn and grow.
Brendan Gill|I don't think I am any good. If I thought I was any good, I wouldn't be.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|Some people think that evolutionary psychology claims to have discovered that human nature is selfish and wicked. But they are flattering the researchers and anyone who would claim to have discovered the opposite. No one needs a scientist to measure whether humans are prone to knavery. The question has been answered in the history books, the newspapers, the ethnographic record, and the letters to Ann Landers. But people treat it like an open question, as if someday science might discover that it's all a bad dream and we will wake up to find that it is human nature to love one another.
Kingfisher Pink, Morbidly Obtuse|He did it for that bubbling, champagne-in-the-veins high, that desire to be part of someone else’s new life, someone else’s realised potential.Vampires must feel like that.
Lynsay Sands, A Quick Bite|We know, for instance, that there is a direct, inverse relationship between frequency of family meals and social problems. Bluntly stated, members of families who eat together regularly are statistically less likely to stick up liquor stores, blow up meth labs, give birth to crack babies, commit suicide, or make donkey porn. If Little Timmy had just had more meatloaf, he might not have grown up to fill chest freezers with Cub Scout parts.
Gordon B. Hinckley|I remind you that no man who makes disparaging remarks concerning those of another race can consider himself a true disciple of Christ," said President Hinckley. "How can any man holding the Melchizedek Priesthood arrogantly assume that he is eligible for the priesthood whereas another who lives a righteous life but whose skin is of a different color, is ineligible?
Pat Williams, Read for Your Life: 11 Ways to Better Yourself Through Books|To me, the smarter you are, the more you want to learn - Ernie Accorsi
J.A. Ironside, A Chimerical World: Tales of the Unseelie Court|I shouldn't have taken a vow of silence, I told myself. What did I want? Nothing much. Just a memorial. But what is a memorial, when you come right down to it, but a commemoration of wounds endured? Endured, and resented. Without memory, there can be no revenge.
Saaif Alam|If someone rationally rejects your thought process , he or she is teaching you to think more intellectually in order to fulfill more rigorous tasks which your instructors or employers are assigning you to complete."﻿
Travis Luedke, Blood Slave|I've been waiting for you," he murmured.Aphrodite slowly walked across the balcony, as her mind raced, trying to think of the perfect thing to say in return. All of a sudden a thought came to her that she didn't quite understand, but she knew it was right. It was also important, and would immortalize her and her actions for thousands of years to come."Happy Valentine's Day," she purred, as she fell into his arms, still holding the box of chocolates and a single red rose.
Criss Jami|We often use the Bible as a source for personal validation and defense, a sidekick and a shield, but these will prove ineffective without first the other part. We must also allow ourselves to be wounded by it. We tend to forget its authority - that it is a double-edged sword. Our decrepit, depraved hearts must be completely ripped out in order to welcome that of God.
St. Faustina Kowalska|From today onwards, I am going to strive for the greatest purity of soul, that the rays of God's grace may be reflected in all their brilliance.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|I never expect appreciation. I always set a deadline for the things I have to do to be a successful person, when I complete them, I give myself a piece of candy, a glass of tea and some free time to enjoy- that is how I honor my hardworking and appreciate my struggles.
Auliq-Ice|If you stumble, you get back up. If you fall off the wagon, you have the next go at it. And then the next. And the next. And the next.
Edwin Arnold, The Light of Asia|Shall any gazer see with mortal eyes,Or any searcher know by mortal mind,Veil after veil will lift--but there must be Veil upon veil behind.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Lady Be Good|I was just thinking... isn't it lucky that we decided to become co-editors? If one takes a blow to the head, the other can fill in. If the other's lung spontaneoulsy collapses, the one can fill in. It's a perfect system once you think about it."~Will Landsman
Sylvia Day|I was in New Zealand and met this girl. Her sister dared me to bungee jump, so I did! It was a spur-of-the-moment decision - I wanted to impress the girl, and it worked! We were in a relationship after that.
James Patterson|A real love letter is made of insight, understanding, and compassion. Otherwise it's not a love letter. A true love letter can produce a transformation in the other person, and therefore in the world. But before it produces a transformation in the other person, it has to produce a transformation within us. Some letters may take the whole of our lifetime to write.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If people have faith, peace prevails among them. There is no logic for peace. In fact, peace is the most illogical thing in this world. If we see inequality, injustice and poverty around the world, often we think—‘why people don’t fight for their rights?’ Peace is a miracle, which defies all logic. Political leaders are clever and they destroy peace by inventing logic that creates hatred. Even in war, the logic put forward by both the sides are totally contradictory, and both the sides feel that they are right.
Phil Anselmo|'The Creative Habit' is basically about how you work alone, how you survive as a solitary artist. 'The Collaborative Habit' is obviously about surviving with other people.
Diana Ross|I was a cartoonist when I was at university, but I decided to go into movie making knowing that I could still draw by doing movies, design work, story boards, and such.
David Foster Wallace|weren’t you alwaysdistracted by expectation, as if every eventannounced a beloved? (Where can you find a placeto keep her, with all the huge strange thoughts inside yougoing and coming and often staying all night.)…
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Well he didn't treat my mother very well. He did some horrible things.""Like..." I hesitated. "Blood-whore things?""Like beating-her-up kinds of things" he replied flatly."Oh God," I said "That's horrible. And she...she just let it happen?""She did." The corner of his mouth turned into a sly, sad smile. "But I didn't""Tell me, tell me you beat the crap out of him"His smile grew, "I did.
Glenn Haybittle, The Memory Tree|The only place Aletta and I could be together unseen was just under the rafters in the church tower, a circumstance that propelled us into an earlier intimacy than what we would have known had we been permitted to walk together Sunday afternoons under the wide sky.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Dieting was cruel; it was an abuse of human rights. Yes, that's what it was, and she should not allow herself to be manipulated in this way. She stopped herself. Thinking like that was nothing more than coming up with excuses for breaking the diet. Mma Ramotswe was made of sterner stuff than that, and so she persisted.
Abhijit Naskar|If I ask you, are you conscious right now? You'd go right ahead and tell me - yes. That's because your conscious mind is constructing an awareness in you about everything around you. And underneath that operation of your conscious mind, there are billions of neurons working in proper harmony.
Gwenn Wright, Katherine's Journal|I can see how your mother would have a point. Having a debate with a politically minded woman can be intriguing and even entertaining but to share a house with her and have her always campaigning and protesting at the dinner table,” he slanted his gaze down toward me. “That could be very tiring indeed.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|No settled family or community has ever called its home place an “environment.” None has ever called its feeling for its home place “biocentric” or “anthropocentric.” None has ever thought of its connection to its home place as “ecological,” deep or shallow. The concepts and insights of the ecologists are of great usefulness in our predicament, and we can hardly escape the need to speak of “ecology” and “ecosystems.” But the terms themselves are culturally sterile. They come from the juiceless, abstract intellectuality of the universities which was invented to disconnect, displace, and disembody the mind. The real names of the environment are the names of rivers and river valleys; creeks, ridges, and mountains; towns and cities; lakes, woodlands, lanes roads, creatures, and people.And the real name of our connection to this everywhere different and differently named earth is “work.” We are connected by work even to the places where we don’t work, for all places are connected; it is clear by now that we cannot exempt one place from our ruin of another. The name of our proper connection to the earth is “good work,” for good work involves much giving of honor. It honors the source of its materials; it honors the place where it is done; it honors the art by which it is done; it honors the thing that it makes and the user of the made thing. Good work is always modestly scaled, for it cannot ignore either the nature of individual places or the differences between places, and it always involves a sort of religious humility, for not everything is known. Good work can be defined only in particularity, for it must be defined a little differently for every one of the places and every one of the workers on the earth.The name of our present society’s connection to the earth is “bad work” – work that is only generally and crudely defined, that enacts a dependence that is ill understood, that enacts no affection and gives no honor. Every one of us is to some extent guilty of this bad work. This guilt does not mean that we must indulge in a lot of breast-beating and confession; it means only that there is much good work to be done by every one of us and that we must begin to do it.
Tennessee Williams, Notebooks|To you, whoever you are, when I am gone — remember to be kind tonight to some lonely person. For me.
Matthew Quick, Every Exquisite Thing|Why am I not good at anything?""You're a good dad.""It ain't rocket science."No, Vic thought. It was harder.
Titus Lucretius Carus|this terror then and drakness of mind must be dispelled not by the rays of the sun and glittering shafts of day, but by the aspect and the law of nature; the warp whose design we shall begin with this first principle, nothing is ever gotten out of nothing by divine power.
Desiderius Erasmus|Like any good tree that one would hope to grow, we must set our roots deep into the ground so that what is real will prosper in the Light of Love.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|If we shadows have offended, Think but this, and all is mended,That you have but slumbered hereWhile these visions did appear.And this weak and idle theme,No more yielding but a dream,Gentles, do not reprehend:If you pardon, we will mend:And, as I am an honest Puck,If we have unearned luckNow to 'scape the serpent's tongue,We will make amends ere long;Else the Puck a liar call;So, good night unto you all.Give me your hands, if we be friends,And Robin shall restore amends.
Charles A. Beard|I've grown as a person. The dynamics on this set are very demanding because we work a lot of hours, it's very sad material, so there's always someone upset because it's really heavy stuff.
James Patterson, The Christmas Wedding|You see, one of the best things about reading is that you'll always have something to think about when you're not reading.
Ken Wilson, A Letter to My Congregation: An evangelical pastor's path to embracing people who are gay, lesbian and transgender in the company of Jesus|If love is what is held to make us immortal, hatred is the reverse.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|That which tears open our souls, those holes that splatter our sight, may actually become the thin, open places to see through the mess of this place to the heart-aching beauty beyond. To Him. To the God whom we endlessly crave.
Bob Monkhouse, Crying With Laughter: My Life Story|I won't argue with you, but still it's secretly turning me into a hateful person. I figure that the best revenge, though, is to leave people to their own devices, and they will make their own lives hell.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You can have anything you need in life, the only price you have to pay is for you to exchange your life for greatness and greatness will deliver that thing you need to you.
Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry|Just because The Past always hung there upon its hooks on the game-room wall, you didn't have to pull it down and use it on yourself.
Plutarch|The superstitious man wishes he did not believe in gods, as the atheist does not, but fears to disbelieve in them.
Jim Talent|I have a carbohydrate and protein-rich diet. For breakfast, I typically have two slices of bread with butter or jam, four to five eggs - boiled or fried - a few bananas and a glass of milk.
Carroll Bryant|What goes up must come down. Which is why we invented Viagra, to make it stay up a little longer.
Mary Garden|Fairest and dearest, your wrath and anger are more heavy than I can bear; but learn that I cannot tell what you wish me to say without sinning against my honour too grievously.
John Boyd Orr|War... is harmful, not only to the conquered but to the conqueror.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|The poacher's murderer was a man after Archer's own heart, for Archer also didn't like men to hurt Fire or make her acquaintance.
Sandeep Sahajpal|It is high time that we had a subject called Childrening, as we have one called Parenting!
William Wordsworth|But thou art with us, with us in the past,The present, with us in the times to come.There is no grief, no sorrow, no despair,No languor, no dejection, no dismay,No absence scarcely can there be, for thoseWho love as we do. Speed thee well!
Simon Mainwaring|I think if you show up and you work hard and you're straightforward, you can always create your own opportunities. I hope I'm right.
Alessandra Torre, Do Not Disturb|I write to raise the curtain on life's endless possibilities. Because you asked, "Pourquoi?
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|If the law can be broken it will. Anyone who breaks the law is a risk. You can break the law. So you see, I have to take you in for questioning. This produce stand has an ominous future.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie: An Old Man, a Young Man, and Life's Greatest Lesson|The problem is that we don't believe that we are much alike as we are. Whites and blacks, Catholic and Protestants, men and women. If we saw each other as more alike, we might be very eager to join in one human family in this world, and to care about that family the way we care about our own.
Lloyd Kaufman|I didn't feel the need to rebel as a teenager. From age nine to 16, I went to school in Montreux in Switzerland, and it was heaven. I went to England for the Easter holidays, Cyprus for Christmas and summer holidays, and I was delighted to have that independence.
Rachel Wolchin|The moment you feel like you need to prove yourself, is the moment you need to be silent and walk away.
Eugenie Laverne Mitchell|The world is a classroom - life is the teacher and the subjects are learned everyday from the successes, failures, changes twists, turns, surprises and contradictions - some brought about through choices and others pre-ordained by destiny.
Megha Khare, Write like no one is reading 2|I have always considered myself a person with a gypsy heart, and I Surrender my dreams to my soul, for it's a free sprit who believes in no boundaries of region and religion.
R.L. Trask, Language: The Basics|I just like the feeling of finding the right word in my mind and employing it. I get pleasure from that feeling. I prefer language to gesture. I figured other people might, too.
Michael  Jackson|Human will is the strongest will ever created. There are those who are born to succeed and those who are determined to succeed. The former fall into it, and the latter pursue it at all costs. They won’t be denied. Nothing daunts them.
Wayne Chirisa|Subliminal influence, is the constant drive to the change in consumer choices.
Edward M. Hallowell, Dare to Forgive: The Power of Letting Go & Moving on|To let friendship die away by negligence and silence is certainly not wise. It is voluntarily to throw away one of the greatest comforts of this weary pilgrimage." ~Samuel Johnson
LH|Aftera brief silence, Kenzie said, "Don't you believe in second chances?"The room seemed a little colder, a little darker, as if a shadow had passed over the sun. "Sonny Lee always said, 'Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
Samantha Irby, We Are Never Meeting In Real Life|On those who judge, illusions are entertaining; In honestly, I find error in some of their truth.
David Eddings, Queen of Sorcery|Strange as it seems, no amount of learning can cure stupidity, and higher education positively fortifies it.
Nelson Mandela|Life is made up of small pleasures. Happiness is made up of those tiny successes. The big ones come too infrequently. And if you don't collect all these tiny successes, the big ones don't really mean anything.
Hal Elrod, The Miracle Morning: The Not-So-Obvious Secret Guaranteed to Transform Your Life|On the other side of that line was freedom—the kind of freedom that can never be taken away from you. It was freedom from our self-imposed limitations. Although through our training we have grown to believe that running 52 consecutive miles was possible, none of us really believed in our heart of hearts that it was probable. As individuals, each of us struggled with their own fear and self-doubt. But the moment we cross that finish line, we have given ourselves the gift of freedom from our fears, our self-doubt, and our self-imposed limitations.
Israelmore Ayivor|Believe it; 25 years from now or less, you will be voted for or appointed by the actions you are taking today! Guess what the vote will mean. Will it be an election for you to occupy the edifice of failure or to be the administrator in the kingdom of success? Rise up and optimize your potentials!
Queen Victoria|For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe. Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end.
Jet Mykles, Just For You|Lots of people hate gay people.You can tell who they are because they start sentences with, "It's not like I hate gay people.
Bruce Dern|I just got hooked on the radio, the voice of it all. It was my connection to metropolitan America, if you will. Sports, in particularly baseball then 'cause of its rich sediment of numbers, was one of the first things a young person could peg up with adults on - that is, you could know as much about Jimmy Fox as your father did.
Michael Pollan|It's been pretty effortless with Sensa because I am not thinking about how long do I need to do this. Usually, when you stop a diet program, you lose control again. But I don't need to stop what I'm doing. I'm eating everything that I like. Sensa just helps me keep it all in check.
Veronica Roth|Sorry, am I being rude?" she asks."I'm used to saying whatever is on my mind. Mom used to say that politeness is deception in pretty packaging
A.A. Patawaran, Write Here Write Now: Standing at Attention Before My Imaginary Style Dictator|The Dreamer awakesThe shadow goes byThe tale I have told you,That tale is a lie.But listen to me,Bright maiden, proud youthThe tale is a lie;What it tells is the truth.
George Eliot|I think my whole life, because of where I came from, I had a fear of failure.
Brendon Burchard|Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?'
Henry Petroski|We need to bring Android and Chrome to every screen that matters for users, which is why we focused on phone, wearables, car, television, laptops, and even your workplace.
Catherine Sanderson, Petite Anglaise|As to the past, I would not mind retrieving from various corners of space-time certain lost comforts, such as baggy trousers and long, deep bathtubs.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|[Patricia Highsmith] was a figure of contradictions: a lesbian who didn't particularly like women; a writer of the most insightful psychological novels who, at times, appeared bored by people; a misanthrope with a gentle, sweet nature.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|When you least expect it, someone may actually listen to what you have to say.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I have noticed that sometimes, our success, promotion and accomplishments become real when we say "no" to some things and act the right way. The potential that drives you to do that is called "self-discipline".
Janeane Garofalo|People think that you are a nasty, selfish person if you don`t want to have children.
Jacob Lund Fisker, Early Retirement Extreme: A Philosphical and Practical Guide to Financial Independence|There are no racists in America, or at least none that the people who need to be white know personally.
Shannon L. Alder|Forgiveness doesn't mean the person that hurt you was released from God's justice. It simply means you no longer need to carry the anger from what they done because you see it wasn't about you really. It was about how they grew up, their past, their values and their way of surviving that falls outside common decency. You just happened to be the person they put all of their past hurts on and blamed. You were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Skin Trade|His lips were practically grazing my nose. His gray eyes were so intense I could feel them reach my soul—if that were possible, anyways. With a smile so devious on his face and in his eyes Xavier whispered, "I can tell that every part of you wants to give in to what I am. The feeling that you feel right now is consuming. I’ve been there before, Ava. You can’t deny everything much longer."	Closing my eyes, and swallowing back every temptation I felt, I backed away from his warmth. I opened my eyes to see his eyes searching my face in pure awe.		"Watch me," I challenged.
Cortney S. Warren, Lies We Tell Ourselves: The Psychology of Self-Deception|When you are not aware that you are bringing old learning to your current relationships, you will want to lie about where it is coming from.
Imani Wisdom|It’s easier to spew hatred, but actually watching yourself doing it is a whole different story.
T.A. Uner, The Leopard Stratagem|Always remember, difficult situations are thrust upon those who have the power to influence events.
Michael Cox, The Meaning of Night|The summer passed quietly. I busied myself as best I could, reading a good deal.
Angie karan|Nothing unusual was noted during the voyage, in fact everything ran smoothly until Security alerted Biscay about the stiff in cabin 407. Nobody heard or saw anything suspicious. None of the passengers were missing or acting suspiciously. No airlock doors were opened or any transports allowed since their last stop four days prior. There were no notorious names on the passenger list, nor any unsavory persons among the ranks of his crew. In fact, the ship’s commander had never even seen a dead body in real – um, life before. And yet, almost magically, there it was.
John Geiger|Remember, we who fell like stars from Heaven still shine bright in our own court.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Mrs Ratlow was a widow, and she was head of English, but she still did all the cooking and cleaning for her two sons, and she never took holidays because she said -- and I will never forget it -- "When a woman alone is no longer of any interest to the opposite sex, she is only visible where she has some purpose.
Lawrence Block, Everybody Dies|Fuck you! I hope you die!""Everybody Dies," I said. "So fuck you.
Edward Conlon, Blue Blood|Good cops make their bosses look good, and Hector was a one-man beauty school.
John Ruskin, The Genius of John Ruskin: Selections from His Writings|Nonetheless, many people, and especially intellectuals, passionately loathe capitalism. As they see it, this ghastly mode of society’s economic organization has brought about nothing but mischief and misery. Men were once happy and prosperous in the good old days preceding the Industrial Revolution. Now under capitalism the immense majority are starving paupers ruthlessly exploited by rugged individualists. For these scoundrels nothing counts but their moneyed interests. They do not produce good and really useful things, but only what will yield the highest profits. They poison bodies with alcoholic beverages and tobacco, and souls and minds with tabloids, lascivious books and silly moving pictures. The “ideological superstructure” of capitalism is a literature of decay and degradation, the burlesque show and the art of striptease, the Hollywood pictures and the detective stories.
Santiago Cabrera|I think leather pants are just better than jeans onstage; they give the performance a nice attitude, and they are also shockingly comfortable. Comfort is key.
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|Acknowledging the problem is healthy, fearing it is not.
Ella December|Love is such a cruel thing. One minute you've been texting them for hours, hoping he'll ask you ask on a date, or just telling you how he feels about you. Next minute, he's saying the stupid, "No it's me not you. We can just be friends." While I'm crying my eyes out hoping you may take me back. Cause I don't want to be friends.
Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki|To bathe a cat takes brute force, perseverance, courage of conviction - and a cat. The last ingredient is usually hardest to come by.
Voltaire|The man who, in a fit of melancholy, kills himself today, would have wished to live had he waited a week.
Michael Muhammad Knight, The Taqwacores|If a woman enjoyed sex, or expressed her sexuality outwardly she was automatically a slut with no respect for herself. Sex was a favor you allowed your husband so angels wouldn't curse you until morning.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Happiness must be a jealous pet. When you try seeking yours out, it tends to keep hidden. But as soon as you turn to help a friend find his, your own happiness comes bounding out of the darkness like some crazed animal.
Roy T. Bennett|When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.
Prince Akwarandu|The crowd often expects a repeat of the old and well-known traditions. In your quest to innovate and pursue your dreams, ignore the crowd.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|When facing society, the man most concerned, the man who is to do the most and contribute the most, has the least say. It's taken for granted that he has no voice and the reasons he could offer are rejected in advance as prejudiced -- since no speech is ever considered, but only the speaker. It's so much easier to pass judgement on a man than on an idea. Though how in the hell one passes judgement on a man without considering the content of his brain is more than I'll ever understand.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|...the consequences of militancy do not disappear when the need for militancy is over. Freedom is fragile and must be protected. To sacrifice it, even as a temporary measure, is to betray it.
Deyth Banger|We were trying to write this song about how to help somebody – almost like a manual, or like a formula of what you do when somebody you love is in trouble – and we just couldn’t do it. So what was left was sorta this shell or outline around the missing answer. As I sang a couple takes of it, everything just hit me of how helpless we are to handle the pressures of life – to handle the cards that are dealt to us and the people close to us. And I remember, like, breaking down.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|She abandoned herself to his whim, thinking it was to be an orgy of eyes and hands only.
François Fénelon, Spiritual Progress|True prayer is only another name for the love of God. Its excellence does not consist in the multitude of our words; for our Father knoweth what things we have need of before we ask Him. The true prayer is that of the heart, and the heart prays only for what it desires. To pray, then is to desire -- but to desire what God would have us desire. He who asks what he does not from the bottom of his heart desire, is mistaken in thinking that he prays.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn|The boulder is the truth that the great men know by instinct, and the mountain is the stupidity of mankind.
Agnes Bruckner|It's been a hard time to celebrate, to come out with a smile. But I'm an American. Naomi asked me to come out to support other Americans, and here I am.
Nancy Gibbs|Sadly, semi-consciousness, along with daydreaming, is a capacity that is actively discouraged among children in schools, and our society is much poorer and harsher as a consequence. The value of liminal space and transitional imagination remain personally and culturally undeveloped.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Atheism is a lack of belief...what about the powers of darkness, and that of light, will you trace both to nothing? Then you must have created yourself.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|There were valuable first editions of books in the enormous library, most of them had been scribbled in by some idiot named Will H.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Just because the past didn't turn out like you wanted it to, doesn't mean the future can't be better than you ever imagined.
Stewart Brand|The over-all point is that new technology will not necessarily replace old technology, but it will date it. By definition. Eventually, it will replace it. But it's like people who had black-and-white TVs when color came out. They eventually decided whether or not the new technology was worth the investment.
Jay Woodman|If you are unaware of what's within, you will be shown in the mirror of your near future life experience. Wiser to keep a step ahead.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|A mind is not profound by itself, just like a tree without a root.
Alastair Agutter, The Theory of Particle Matter Frequencies and Multiple Universes|The human condition to ignore or dispel ideas is an admission of fear by oneself and refusing to seek out the phenomena of the unknown, to complete the cycle of understanding through greater knowledge and enlightenment.
David James Duncan|Flowers and fruits are always fit presents; flowers, because they are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world. These gay natures contrast with the somewhat stern countenance of ordinary nature: they are like music heard out of a work-house. Nature does not cocker us; we are children, not pets; she is not fond; everything is dealt to us without fear or favor, after severe universal laws. Yet these delicate flowers look like the frolic and interference of love and beauty. Men use to tell us that we love flattery even though we are not deceived by it, because it shows that we are of importance enough to be courted. Something like that pleasure, the flowers give us: what am I to whom these sweet hints are addressed?
Frank Herbert|motivating people, forcing them to your will, gives you a cynical attitude toward humanity. It degrades everything it touches.
James Stewart|My first jobs after graduation in 1955 were as a project engineer for G.E. and later with the U.S. government in Washington, D.C., where I met and married my wife, Dolores Celini.
Shane Osborn, Born to Fly|Do not disagree with each other, enrich the soldiers, despise everyone else.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|We'd better eat before we raise hell." - Aelin Ashrvyer Galathynius
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|Odd as it may seem, I am my remembering self, and the experiencing self, who does my living, is like a stranger to me.
Abu Bakr|Perhaps nothing helps us make the movement from our little selves to a larger world than remembering God in gratitude. Such a perspective puts God in view in all of life, not just in the moments we set aside for worship or spiritual disciplines. Not just in the moments when life seems easy.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|I use to worry about how hard it would be to stay the same. So I changed. Then I worried about how hard it would be to change. So, I stayed the same. Somewhere between staying the same and changing and changing and staying the same I’ve realized that worrying doesn’t change anything.
Lena Dunham|That is because no one could ever hate me as much as I hate myself, okay? So any mean thing someone's gonna think of to say about me, I've already said to me, about me, probably within the last half hour.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|The greatest difficulty in antiquity with that of altering the law; among the moderns, it is that of altering the manners.
Antonio Gramsci|I live, I am partisan. This is why I hate those who do not take sides; I hate those who are indifferent
Grace Butcher|When the heart stops oozing blood & the outpouring is clear as water (so to speak) then you know you've turned the corner & will be well.When you look inward & all pathwaysare no longer dark but clearly lighted& shine like transparent drinking strawsthen you know you'll find your way alone.When the gray morning has nothing to do with you & doesn't weigh you downlike a heavy blanket, then you knowthat moving will be easy again and your body will flow through timelike the river it really is, smooth & deep.no rocks, no shallows to smash or catch you,keep you from moving on.When the heart slowsto its normal rhythm and the beautyof birdsong at dawn doesn't make you cry because you are alone listening, then you know that everything has happened that is going to for now, and you can get on withyour life & everything about it that was yours alone and always finer thananyone could ever imagine it would bewithout him. 
Chris Stewart|But Ana, how could I have been such a lousy judge of character?" I groaned."Because you don't much care to judge people's characters," she answered after a moment's thought. "It's a strength, you know, as well as weakness."It was small consolation.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A hero takes steps with the vision of bringing what is beyond the eyes of mere men into reality for them to come to a certain realization. A hero opens doors for the eyes of mere men to see things inside the closed doors and ponder, learn lessons and think of different actions! A hero faces challenges in an overcoming manner with a certain charisma that surpasses the understanding of mere men! To be a hero, one needs a certain gut! It is not as if heroes don’t hit the rock bottom, never! Heroes meet big problems, but big problems and challenges are what defines heroism, and even if heroes are unable to arrest and cripple all the challenges they meet, they must never be discredited for their awesome ingenuity that brought awe, became a yardstick, natured minds, provoked thoughts and caused the envy of mere men to shake, gave people reasons to reason, showed people the essence of life, cleared the path for people to take their journey, and epitomized true heroism! Heroes die after they have blazed the trail! Heroes retire after they have done something unique and unthinkable! Heroes are heroes, regardless of their slips or the big or small things they could never do as heroes, for most times heroes die as heroes whilst challenging the unthinkable challenges! Even if all people don’t see and acknowledge the heroism of a hero, heroes see, feel and understand what it really takes to be a hero! A hero is a hero! Don’t ever undermine heroism!
Clint Eastwood|I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.
Kamand Kojouri|Until you see beauty everywhere, in every face, until then, you are blind.
David Dinkins|We hope we are moving toward a world where sexual orientation is not an issue, because we hate the idea of a gay ghetto. I think that it's a real shame that people become restricted by their sexuality or define their whole lives by their sexuality.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|It was an image Melody would never forget. Or was it the emotions the image conjured - hope, excitement, and fear of the unknown, all three tightly braided together, creating a fourth emotion that was impossible to define. She was getting a second chance at happiness and it tickled like swallowing fifty fuzzy caterpillars.
Lorelei James, Hillbilly Rockstar|He eased back and murmured, “You taste so damn sweet. Like maple syrup.”“And you taste like stolen bacon.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|A MAN WHO SUFFERS BEFORE IT IS NECESSARY,SUFFERS MORE THAN NECESSARY!
Sunjeev Sahota|It was amazing to think that she'd always had it wrong, imagining that they were the weak ones, the ones who took their chance. No. The weakest are those who stay put and call it sacrifice, call it not having a choice.
Peter Falk|After the bones mended, my left eye was smaller than my right, and my eyebrow never grew back. But you know what? Big deal. I think I became beautiful after the accident. I became kinder, more aware. I gained respect for other people.
Debasish Mridha|If love is a flower of non-judgmental actions, then kindness is the fragrance of those flowers.
Lamees Alhassar, A Daily Dose of Wisdom: A Quote a Day Keeps the Doctor Away|Just as evil communication and company corrupts good manners, good communication and company can correct bad manners
James St. James|Slowly, even though I thought it would never happen, New York lost its charm for me. I remember arriving in the city for the first time, passing with my parents through the First World's Club bouncers at Immigration, getting into a massive cab that didn't have a moment to waste, and falling in love as soon as we shot onto the bridge and I saw Manhattan rise up through the looks of parental terror reflected in the window. I lost my virginity in New York, twice (the second one wanted to believe he was the first so badly). I had my mind blown open by the combination of a liberal arts education and a drug-popping international crowd. I became tough. I had fun. I learned so much.But now New York was starting to feel empty, a great party that had gone on too long and was showing no sign of ending soon. I had a headache, and I was tired. I'd danced enough. I wanted a quiet conversation with someone who knew what load-shedding was.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|He claimed the waters must have, indeed, been healing, because look how hard his journey was on him to get there, and how easy it was on him to get home.
Mehmet Oz|The soldiers never explained to the government when an Indian was wronged, but reported the misdeeds of the Indians.
Andrea Dandolo, The Book of "Little Things"|Awakening is to become aware of your awareness.Be in the awareness of your presence, rather than being in the now.
Hélène Cixous, Hyperdream|- Losing is all that's left, I say.- Losing is all we've got left to lose, you sayThe impossibility of not telling, I cannot do otherwise, one can only tell otherwise, with always the same need to make sense of what you've lost, the need not to lose this feeling of losing, the need to feel yourself not losing this feeling that you are still losing the irreplaceable.
Michael Chabon, Telegraph Avenue|Since there are thousands of reasons to be happy, let us smile so many thousands times!
Cath Crowley, The Life and Times of Gracie Faltrain|I'm always looking for what will make me whole. What will make me happy? Somewhere along the way I started to think it wasn't Helen anymore. She hasn't changed. Her laugh is still the one I remember. Her finger is still the one I put the ring on all those years ago. I can't understand why I don't want to curve next to her, keep her back warm anymore. Surely you don't lose love like keys?
Mehmet Murat ildan|The monkeys, she explained, were considered reincarnated politicians, which made Rue laugh and the stick entirely understandable.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Ah-ha, but those with enthusiasm and a high vibrational output still managed to do well even in that recession! This is how NAPS works! By embedding powerful and positive commands into it you are setting off a chain-reaction for success!
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|It is necessary, and even vital, to set standards for your life and the people you allow in it.
John Kendrew|Poetry is partly sympathy, don't you think? If it's any good, it gets people to think about others' points of view.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A determined seed cannot be hidden from the world, not even by dirt.
Alaya Dawn Johnson, The Summer Prince|P29 - the oppressed, having internalised the image of the oppressor and adopted his guideline are fearful of freedom. Freedom would require them to eject this image and replace it with autonomy and responsibility.
Panio Gianopoulos, A Familiar Beast|For this decision, too, he had submitted to the overwhelming force of Sharon’s personality, whose longings and needs seemed inalienable rights, whereas Marcus’s were merely whims.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not planning for success, then you are planning for failure.
Lily Blackwood, The Beast of Clan Kincaid|I feel Man would be wise to work at correcting his own mistakes instead of waiting for intervention from on high, and should replace faith in an unknowable divine plan with a well-thought-out scheme of his own.
Neal Shusterman, Everfound|If someone had told Allie that she would commit a premeditated act of murder, she would not have believed it. She would have spouted off all the reasons how she could never be capable of such a thing—that no matter how dire the circumstances, she would find a better way. She was so naive, so arrogant to think that the laws of necessity and unthinkable circumstance could not apply to her. She could tell herself that this was an act of mercy, but that would be a lie. This was an act of war. An act of terrorism. It was nothing less than an assassination.If I do this, Allie told herself, I am no better than Mary. I will have sunk to the worst possible place a person can go. After this moment, I will be a cold-blooded killer and it can never be taken back.So the question was, did Allie Johnson have the strength to sacrifice all that was left of her innocence if it meant she might save the world?
Susan  Johnson, My Hundred Lovers|She thinks of him lying there, the beautiful moment never arriving, never ruined, never disappointing, over. It must be sublime dwelling in that house of longing, forever poised on desire’s trembling tip, before everything is wrecked.
Kate Moses, Cakewalk: A Memoir|So I guess you were hopelessly romantic and easily distracted, a B-plus mother, certainly good enough to get into Matriarchal State University but not quite good enough for St. Mary's College of the Blessed Womb Warriors.
Francois Bonthuys|All I ever think about day and night is-how can I make a difference in the lives of others, how can I provide an ounce of contentment and happiness?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Companionship of the Dragon's Soul|A little porch light from a distant farmhouse dimmed, feeling alone and unneeded until his smallest spark of illumination snuffed out entirely. The night fell as dark as it was quiet. Meanwhile, every secret eye within the vicinity―from insect to animal to human wanderer―stopped to blink, suddenly blinded. Their guiding light had vanished, extinguishing hope in the hearts of many. That little light had mattered, but he knew it not.
Richard B. Knight|This teaching job did not pay a lot of money, because, let's face it, nobody gives a flying fuck about education, but it was a temporary position.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|If we don’t allow ourselves to experience joy and love, we will definitely miss out on filling our reservoir with what we need when. . . . hard things happen.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Three Ps that I can't sacrifice: Process, Purpose, and Principles.
John Donne, The Poems of John Donne; Miscellaneous Poems (Songs and Sonnets) Elegies. Epithalamions, or Marriage Songs. Satires. Epigrams. the Progress of|Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
Chayada Welljaipet, Hill's Adventure|We should follow every supply that runs into the particular lake below, going upstream in terms of we can. When we do not find Drakes’ path, or even an additional, we should come back straight along,look yourself upward an additional way to obtain foods,and then do a similar for the next water for the south.
Francis A. Schaeffer, How Should We Then Live? The Rise and Decline of Western Thought and Culture|-Climb out of mediocrity, it has no integrity. Climb out of imitation it is a limitation. Climb higher than copying, it is double standard. Come up to be original
Sally Green, Half Bad|Whattaya mean you ain’t no criminal lawyer? You a lawyer right? And you in here, that means you also a criminal.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Don’t be afraid to use your voice. Your thoughts, opinions, and ideas are just as important as anybody else’s. When you speak, speak with boldness and purpose. Have courage, be confident, and always be true to yourself! Live your life fearlessly! Your voice has GREAT power; don’t be afraid to utilize it when needed. You’re NOT an angry Black woman; you’re a woman who has something important to say. Your voice matters and so do YOU.
John Knowles, A Separate Peace|We know there are colours in the spectrum untranslatable to our eyes; sounds beyond the range of our hearing; sensations beyond the tolerance of taste or touch. What else is there that we might be missing? Could it be that we, ourselves, only ever really experience the mere gist of our own lives? (attrib: F.L. Vanderson)
Ramana Pemmaraju|The problem is not that Women think, the problem is that they think that they THINK!
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Younger than Morini and Pelletier, Espinoza studied Spanish literature, not German literature, at least for the first two years of his university career, among other sad reasons because he dreamed of being a writer.
Pooja Ruprell|Cherish every person and all opportunities. Have no fears, no doubts and no regrets. Focus on what you can give, not on what you can get.
Susan C. Young|Breathe in peace, breathe out stress. Relaxing can bring relief to much of what ails you. In our stressful and often negative world, your decision to make relaxing a priority will help you navigate, handle, and minimize stress. Doing so will positively impact your health, well-being, and happiness.
Marie Sexton, Strawberries for Dessert|I understand addiction now. I never did before, you know. How could a man (or a woman) do something so self-destructive, knowing that they’re hurting not only themselves, but the people they love? It seemed that it would be so incredibly easy for them to just not take that next drink. Just stop. It’s so simple, really. But as so often happens with me, my arrogance kept me from seeing the truth of the matter.I see it now though.Every day, I tell myself it will be the last. Every night, as I’m falling asleep in his bed, I tell myself that tomorrow I’ll book a flight to Paris, or Hawaii, or maybe New York. It doesn’t matter where I go, as long as it’s not here. I need to get away from Phoenix—away from him—before this goes even one step further.And then he touches me again, and my convictions disappear like smoke in the wind.This cannot end well. That’s the crux of the matter, Sweets. I’ve been down this road before—you know I have—and there’s only heartache at the end. There’s no happy ending waiting for me like there was for you and Matt. If I stay here with him, I will become restless and angry. It’s happening already, and I cannot stop it. I’m becoming bitter and terribly resentful. Before long, I will be intolerable, and eventually, he’ll leave me. But if I do what I have to do, what my very nature compels me to do, and move on, the end is no better. One way or another, he’ll be gone. Is it not wiser to end it now, Sweets, before it gets to that point? Is it not better to accept that this happiness I have is destined to self-destruct?Tomorrow I will leave. Tomorrow I will stop delaying the inevitable. Tomorrow I will quit lying to myself, and to him. Tomorrow.What about today, you ask? Today it’s already too late. He’ll be home soon, and I have dinner on the stove, and wine chilling in the fridge. And he will smile at me when he comes through the door, and I will pretend like this fragile, dangerous thing we have created between us can last forever.Just one last time, Sweets. Just one last fix. That’s all I need.And that is why I now understand addiction.
Ryan Potter|My fifth grade teacher Mr. Straussberger noticed I was having trouble with some of my book reports, but he knew I loved to draw. He gave me extra credit if I did a drawing from the book that I was reading.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Sam Rayburn on LBJ's recuperation from his heart attack: "It would kill him if he relaxed.
Robin Lord Taylor|Leadership is one of sports' intangibles. Guys can score, guys can fight, guys can skate faster than anybody else. But not everybody can say, 'Follow me.'
Alexandra Chauran, Clearing Clutter: Physical, Mental, and Spiritual|Be as a seed, a seed for change. Allow my gift to grow and rearrange. Multiple blessings for many. For those with none, let there be plenty. p64
Louis B. Wright|Nobody in Colonial America, to be sure, believed that society owed every child the ultimate in education, but intelligence, industry, and thrift combined with ambition got many a poor man's son into the colonial colleges.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Don't mind her. She keeps her nose so high in the air, she's liable to drown in a good rainstorm.
Ann Everett, Laid Out and Candle Lit|I swear, when that woman dies, she'll be deader than everybody else.~Pattiecake from Laid Out and Candle Lit
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|The fake people, are these which always lie.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I am drowning in negativism, self-hate, doubt, madness - and even I am not strong enough to deny the routine, the rote, to simplify. No, I go plodding on, afraid that the blank hell in back of my eyes will break through, spewing forth like a dark pestilence; afraid that the disease which eats away the pith of my body with merciless impersonality will break forth in obvious sores and warts, screaming "Traitor, sinner, imposter.
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|My slurred speech isn’t from one or nine drinks too many, it’s from my father.
L. Curt Erler|Today is today, only today... tomorrow...it will only be yesterday.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Still, through a complex combination of optimism and longing and bravado, you would round it up. While a cruder name for this process is lying , one could make a case that delusion is a variant of generosity. After all, you practiced rounding up on Kevin from the day he was born.Me, I’m a stickler. I prefer my photographs in focus. At the risk of tautology, I like people only as much as I like them. I lead an emotional life of such arithmetic precision, carried to two or three digits after the decimal, that I am even willing to allow for degrees of agreeableness in my own son. In other words, Franklin: I leave the $17.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|According to H.G. Wells, you either adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature’s inexorable imperative. It is not necessary to change, after all survival is not mandatoryThis generation might seem arrogant to the older generation due to some reasons. The older generation believes an older person or someone of higher authority is always right and being sceptical is an insult, lolOur generation is full of people who are so skeptical, they wanna know why this is this and that is that, they don't just hear and believe, they hear, hear from other sides, look at it critically and express their opinions based on their conviction.This generation is full of people who are somewhat confident cos they study, they observe and due to these, they are equipped with better information and like you know, knowledge is power. You know right from wrong, you know truth from lies.When you are with those in authority and have this knowledge, an ignorant person of higher authority would be scared of you, feel threatened and might resort to maltreating and frustrating you, defaming your character etcThe older generation and the younger generation are usually having misunderstanding because the older generation are being deceived by pride, the younger generation due to their advanced education do not wanna give merit to whom it isn't due. While the older generation postulates that respect is not earned but compulsory for them to be accorded, the younger generation believes respect must be earned. lolThe older generation rules by fiction but the younger generation lives by facts. The older generation uses age to oppress, the younger generation uses their knowledge to defend.The older generation believes they can never be wrong, the younger generation wants fair hearing, demands for it, if denied, they take it by force due to the confidence they've built around themselves.The older generation is unfair to the younger generation, there was once a time they were listened to without doubts and opposition, this is the time for the younger generation to be listened to due to advancement in education and exposure.The younger generation, due to their quest for higher knowledge through research, etc, they have realized the consequences of being ignorant and with their power of conviction, they are not letting the older generation have their autocratic ways affect them.To the younger generation, one should be able to prove whatever he says, no more latent heresies and this is what the older generation don't wanna hear of.The older generation wants to continue enslaving the younger generation but the younger generation is more equipped than the older generation and as such, not letting that happen.Technology advances every day, the younger generation are ever ready to adapt to the changes but the older generation is not ready for that, they wanna remain stagnant and still have the say of the day.Like George Bernard Shaw once said, the reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man
Jaron Lanier|One of the biggest challenges we had in the first decade was not that many people had personal computers. There weren't that many people to sell to, and it was hard to identify them.
Meg Cabot, Overbite|The tendency of the human mind is to see the world with a ‘dualistic’ view that describes everything through comparisons: good and bad, pain and happiness, beauty and ugliness, rich and poor.
Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life|In the Cross is salvation; in the Cross is life; in the Cross is protection against our enemies; in the Cross is infusion of heavenly sweetness; in the Cross is strength of mind; in the Cross is joy of spirit; in the Cross is excellence of virtue; in the Cross is perfection of holiness. There is no salvation of soul, nor hope of eternal life, save in the Cross.
Christopher Meloni|In our house, Mother's Day is every day. Father's Day, too. In our house, parents count. They do important work and that work matters. One day just doesn't cut for us.
M.F. Moonzajer|You are the reality.The sense of of worship, love, devotion and loyalty.You are the purpose of life and existence. That is why I am still alive.
Lisa Maxwell, The Last Magician|But then, people usually do miss what's right in front of them.
Geoffrey Wood|If we blind them to The Adversary —decrease their desire for The Desire— while at the same time encourage them to do anything else they desire with increasing “freedom of choice,” then eventually we snuff out desire while leaving demand in tact.
Greg Baxter, The Apartment|He'd been coiled like a snake for years and the tension had gone slack and when he was ready to spring the spring wasn't there, but it could be recoiled.
Justine Larbalestier, My Sister Rosa|Parents, teachers, and politicians should not be judged by their popularity.
Michel de Montaigne|Ultimately, I believe the only secret to a happy marriage is choosing the right person. Life is a series of choices, right?
Marilyn Manson|Michael Jordon may have been the best basketball player in history, but he couldn't have won six NBA titles without a team.
Matt      Chandler, The Explicit Gospel|We are supernaturalists first, not naturalists. The only reason we feel compelled to accommodate science is that science says we ought to. But it is science that should accommodate revelation. Revelation has been around much longer.
C. JoyBell C.|You see, it’s about empathy. It’s not about you. It’s about empathy. It’s not even about caring or being kind. It’s about empathy. Do you think that all people who can empathize with other people (and rocks and trees), are desirous of being kind, at all times? Of course not! Empathy often hurts, and is often difficult. But we experience this difficulty, because we are human beings, because human beings are designed to connect with other living and non-living things!
Sharon Salzberg|I solemnly declare that this spiritual kingdom of faith will move forward with or without each of us individually. No unhallowed hand can stay the growth of the Church nor prevent fulfillment of its mission. Any of us can be left behind, drawn away by the seductive voices of secularism and materialism.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The acts of the flesh are obvious: sexual immorality, impurity, and debauchery. Galatians 5:19
Confucius|Only fools argue whether to eat meat or not. They don't understand truth, nor do they meditate on it. Who can define what is meat and what is plant? Who knows where the sin lies, being a vegetarian or a non-vegetarian?
G.A. Aiken|The more you say goodbye, the stupider you’ll feel when we’re blitzed as bats at the victory party.
Sean F. Hogan, Painting Angels|You shouldn't panic so much," Siris said. "You'll never be a good thief if you panic.
Kenneth Clarke|And books that were published in much larger numbers than Selfish, Little are hard to find. And publishers who wanted to publish my last few works have them stuck in limbo while new distribution ideas and legal issues and fears are blown away.
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|If reassurances could dull pain, nobody would ever go to the trouble of pressing grapes.
Kahlil Gibran, The Madman|I have found both freedom and safety in my madness; the freedom of loneliness and the safety from being understood, for those who understand us enslave something in us.
Helen Ellis|I scroll through iPhone photos and see that if I delete pictures of myself with a double chin, I will erase all proof of my glorious life.
Samuel Beckett, Waiting for Godot|The second this interminable wait ended, it would all start to fall away into the past, to become unreal.
Frank X. Barron, Unusual Associates: A Festschrift for Frank Barron|On the ward there was hurt and pain so big and so deep that speech could not express it. I had been interested in philosophy, and suddenly philosophy came alive for me, for here the basic questions of human existence were not abstractions: they were embodied in human suffering
Gennifer Albin, Altered|You've got to have, like, a lentil for a soul to hate wiener dogs.
Rachel Cusk|I just feel like people like a little break. Especially at 12:37 at night, you go, like, 'I'm just tired of the snarky right now. I just want to lie down and have somebody make me laugh for an hour. Entertain me, and then I'm going to sleep with a smile on my face.' That's my job; that's what I do.
Tony Abbott|There was a study done in the early 20th century of all the entrepreneurs who entered the automobile industry around the same time as Henry Ford; there were something like 500 automotive companies that got funded, had the internal combustion engine, had the technology, and had the vision. Sixty percent of them folded within a couple of years.
Harold Camping|Thus, we must realize that October 21, 2011 will be the final day of this earth’s existence.
Mensah Oteh|Renew your mind by flooding it with inspiring, empowering, educational and edifying thoughts and words.
Kaitlyn Oruska, Wishing Well|He should have had more faith in himself rather than give in to his weaker qualities, in particular his overeagerness to please and aversion to conflict and a lifelong infatuation with hope, which had him dreaming more than doing
Arthur Ganson|When I'm training a dog, I develop a relationship with that dog. He's my buddy, and I want to make training fun.
Future|I've told myself I have a chance to make history, and that's my focus.
Sade Adu|We're all moving at such a high rate that we have to grab the frozen dinners and the McDonald's. We can't make it a way of life - we have to get back to real, simple, clean good foods. It will save our lives on so many levels; not just spina bifida, but obesity, diabetes, everything. Food is our medicine.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Unspoken|I know what I'm talking about, Alecto! When I think of Jud, I think of the times he wanted to be a coal miner, the times he took Wendy and me sailing in the harbour, the times he showed me how to play soccer, but I forgot all the bullying and I’ll never understand why. And now you ask me, you ask me what happened once we were in high school. You said you didn’t understand what having a family was like, so ask me!” Mandy was shouting at him without even realizing it, her words sharp and unforgiving.“I….” Alecto started, hesitating for a moment. “You don’t seem like yourself Mandy Valems, not at all….”“No, go ahead! You want to know what having a real family is like?” Mandy snapped, turning to stare at him coldly. “Ask me what happened, I’ll tell you anything you want to know!”“…What happened?” Alecto asked quietly, looking nervous and confused.“I stayed late after school in shop class when I was in grade 9, trying to keep my lousy grades up. I was building a birdhouse, something like that, and that was when Jud and all his popular jock friends came storming in, laughing and swearing like a bunch of pigs,” Mandy continued. “So ask me what happened next.”“I… I don’t want to ask you what happened,” Alecto replied.“Ask me!” Mandy yelled.“Alright, what happened next…?” Alecto questioned.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|It's like a jar of salad dressing sitting on a shelf... most of the seasoning settles to the bottom of the bottle. But when you shake that bottle up, all the ingredients mix together and then the dressing can add flavor to a salad. In the same way, we can stir ourselves up and regain the reverence, respect and awe we once had for the Lord.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Sir Ector looked into the fire, fidgeting with something in his pocket. "I have something for you," he said at last. "It was your mother's." And he drew out the thing in his pocket and held it up to her. The ring Blanche took from him was antique silver, cabochon-set with a glimmering moonstone. Her mother's ring! Blanche folded it into her hand and held tightly to the only thing her parents had left her.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|She draws back, yet refuses to lose skin contact. Golden light flickers across his face. He is the night, the stars. His soul shines so brightly, she could pour it into a jar, and it’d be as bright as the sun.
China Miéville, Kraken|My mother-in-law belongs in Hell, but the devil is afraid she’ll end up taking over.
Rachel Bilson|When men I have dated over the years whined about, 'Oh, you make no time for me' - see ya! I just dumped them. I don't need that pressure in my life.
David Brooks, El camino del carácter|I've noticed...that whenever a man is asked to be realistic he is being asked to betray something in which he believes. It is the favorite argument of those who believe that only the end matters, not the means.
Ron Sen, The Verses of Life|Faith helps you to over come all the troubles,If you faith, troubles will blow out like bubbles.So let faith become your strength,As faith will help you to walk the length.
Michael Hyatt|When we are gone, the only essential thing we will leave behind are the memories we create in the lives of those we have touched and those we love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe, it shall be.
Karen Marie Moning, Dreamfever|Whatever thing a man gets quickly enraged about is his idol, and whatever thing he makes his idol becomes his religion.
Pamela Clare, Striking Distance|Cold rage had him leaning closer, the pistol now a mere inch from his throat. "I served with them for a decade in Special Forces. You can't _begin_ to know what that means. Now they're dead and I want answers.""Try Ask.com
Hasse Jerner|Collectivism is the best solution for a society in harmony. It will be a success when you find a living being, plant or microorganism that it can be applied to.
Yvonne Strahovski|Sometimes black people really want to hold onto our oppression - 'This is ours! This belongs to us.' You can't just talk about equality for somebody else. Let's pass it on. Let's pass it on to somebody else. At the end of the day, it is all about inequality.
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|Why are some countries able, despite their very real and serious problems, to press ahead along the road to reconciliation, recovery, and redevelopment while others cannot? These are critical questions for Africa, and their answers are complex and not always clear. Leadership is crucial, of course. Kagame was a strong leader–decisive, focused, disciplined, and honest–and he remains so today. I believe that sometimes people's characters are molded by their environment. Angola, like Liberia, like Sierra Leone, is resource-rich, a natural blessing that sometimes has the sad effect of diminishing the human drive for self-sufficiency, the ability and determination to maximize that which one has. Kagame had nothing. He grew up in a refugee camp, equipped with only his own strength of will and determination to create a better life for himself and his countrymen. 
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Men of the world who value the Way all turn to books. But books are nothing more than words. Words have value; what is of value in words is meaning. Meaning has something it is pursuing, but the thing that it is pursuing cannot be put into words and handed down. The world values words and hands down books but, though the world values them, I do not think them worth valuing. What the world takes to be values is not real value.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|People say I'm not much of a girl either," Tiger Lily said.She thought of Tik Tok, who was fond of saying that people were all bits of each thing, boy and girl.
Galit Breen, Kindness Wins|To teach our kids what they need to know online, we have to talk to them off line.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|I'm most proud of the blessings that God has bestowed upon me, in my life. He's given me the vision to truly see that you can fall down, but you can still get back up. Hopefully I'll learn from my mistakes and have the opportunity to strengthen and improve the next thing I do.
Elon Musk|When the body of the people is possessed of the supreme power, it is called a democracy.
Oscar Wilde, The Canterville Ghost|Because even though you're dating five other women, I think I'm cheating on you.
Nick Hanauer|I had been interested in science from when I was very young, but after a disastrous summer lab experience in which every experiment I tried failed, I decided on graduating from college that I was not cut out to be a scientist.
Robert Peel|I know politics and politicians are hated, but I still believe in goodness of a heart that has selfless intentions. With the grace of God, I will make a difference.
Charles Morgan|Men's indignation, it seems, is more excited by legal wrong than by violent wrong; the first looks like being cheated by an equal, the second like being compelled by a superior.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|All blame is a poor stance, if you perchance upon it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Because of what Jesus Christ did for us through His cross and resurrection, we know that we have hope for the future.
Angelica Hopes|I observe that many abusive netizens and insidious individuals kidnap the truth. Their hatred and calumny spread, feeding disinformations like daily toxic bread, feeding fallaciousness to the unread. ~ Angelica Hopes, K.H. Trilogy
Yoko Ono|The single best thing we can do is expand competition. Let people purchase health insurance across state lines. If you want to expand access, what you want to do is increase choices and drive down cost.
Abhishek Kumar|Start telling the stories that only you can tell, because there’ll always be better writers than you and there’ll always be smarter writers than you. There will always be people who are much better at doing this or doing that – but you are the only you.
Cecil Castellucci, Boy Proof|You know, the immortality of the soul, free will and all that -- it's all very amusing to talk about up to the age of twenty-two, but not after that. Then one ought to be giving one's mind to having fun without catching the pox, arranging one's life as comfortably as possible, having a few decent drawings on the wall, and above all writing well. That's the important thing: well-made sentences...and then a few metaphors. Yes, a few metaphors. They embellish a man's existence.
Anthony Liccione|Life is short enough, there is nothing worth here to take your life, and those things we do gain can never be taken to our grave.
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|With the ferrule of his walking-stick Denis began to scratch the boar's long bristly back. The animal moved a little so as to bring himself within easier range of the instrument that evoked in him such delicious sensations; then he stood stock still, softly grunting his contentment. The mud of years flaked off his sides in a grey powdery scurf. "What a pleasure it is," said Denis, "to do somebody a kindness. I believe I enjoy scratching this pig quite as much as he enjoys being scratched. If only one could always be kind with so little expense or trouble...
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Sower|Intelligence is ongoing, individual adaptability. Adaptations that an intelligent species may make in a single generation, other species make over many generations of selective breeding and selective dying.
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever the world does, is indeed all a natural discharge [disposal of karma]. You may chant God’s name, you may do penance; it is all nature’s discharge. If someone garlands you, how is he obliging you? And if someone picks your pocket, how is he hurting you? One is instrumental in the charging (creation of new karma), but in the discharge, it is only nature’s doing. This is the ultimate vision of the Vitraags, the Enlightened ones free of attachment.
Lou Holtz|When I was in high school I asked myself at one point: "Why do I care if my high school's team wins the football game? I don't know anybody on the team, they have nothing to do with me... why am I here and applaud? It does not make any sense." But the point is, it does make sense: It's a way of building up irrational attitudes of submission to authority and group cohesion behind leadership elements. In fact it's training in irrational jingoism. That's also a feature of competitive sports.
Christopher Marlowe, Doctor Faustus|Where have you come from boy?'He looked at her again.'From hell, to take you away in the night and eat you.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Krew elfów|Black Mage: I was joking.Red Mage: OH. See, I was confused by the total lack of comedy.
Kevin DeYoung|We need to consume less. A lot less. Less food, less energy, less stuff. Fewer cars, electric cars, cotton T-shirts, laptops, mobile phone upgrades. Far fewer.Yet, every decade, global consumption continues to increase relentlessly.
Trudi Canavan|My soul is the gods’; my heart is yours.Leiard smiled—a sly, secretive smile. It was an expression she had never seen him wear before. Was this just her mind embellishing the mood she sensed from him? I’ve always suspected souls were a concept the gods invented to encourage people to serve them. In fact, I once had a conversation with a god in which he admitted that —
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Why should a man be scorned, if, finding himself in prison, he tries to get out and go home? Or if, when he cannot do so, he thinks and talks about other topics than jailers and prison-walls? The world outside has not become less real because the prisoner cannot see it. In using Escape in this way the critics have chosen the wrong word, and, what is more, they are confusing, not always by sincere error, the Escape of the Prisoner with the Flight of the Deserter. just so a Party-spokesman might have labeled departure from the misery of the Fuhrer's or any other Reich and even criticism of it as treachery .... Not only do they confound the escape of the prisoner with the flight of the deserter; but they would seem to prefer the acquiescence of the "quisling" to the resistance of the patriot.
Alain de Benoist|If socialism failed, it was for political, more than economic, reasons; and if capitalism is to succeed it will be because it finds the political will and means to tame its economic forces.
David Norton, The King James Bible: A Short History from Tyndale to Today|Other translations may engage the mind, but the King James Version is the Bible of the heart.
Amit Abraham|Humans are beasts, until tamed.
Sri Chinmoy, Meditation: Man-perfection in God-satisfaction|When you are right, everything around you is right, for the beautiful flow that is inside your heart has the capacity to spread its fragrance of oneness-light all around you.
Katy Perry|Good guy' or 'bad guy', hero or anti hero; doesn't matter to me, what role I play, only the character have something magical.
Stacey  Lee, Under a Painted Sky|Now she knew where to find me, if it was written that we would meet again, we would. The important thing is to allow fate to intervene in our lives and to decide what is best for everyone.
Shannon L. Alder|Angels come in many forms, but they always bring the same message--wisdom.
Martin Luther|Nothing is more deceitful," said Darcy, "than the appearance of humility. It is often only carelessness of opinion, and sometimes an indirect boast.
Edward E. Baptist, The Half Has Never Been Told: Slavery and the Making of American Capitalism|Heroes deal out vengeance, wiping out insults, and in an existential sense denying their own death. In twentieth-century camps, however, Todorov found, some people instead found transcendence by displaying kindness toward other people. Through small, everyday acts that committed them to the survival of other human beings--even at the cost of lowering their own chances--they demonstrated their own commitment to an abstract yet personal value. Although heroic acts were as suicidal in twentieth-century death camps as they were in nineteenth-century slave labor camps, even in hell there was still room to be a moral human being.
Kevin E. Beasley, What if...Why not? Walking Through the Doors of Adventure|I kept getting the odd sensation that I was in fact perfectly stationary, and that I was pushing the world around under my feet.
John Steinbeck|There are map people whose joy is to lavish more attention on the sheets of colored paper than on the colored land rolling by. I have listened to accounts by such travelers in which every road number was remembered, every mileage recalled, and every little countryside discovered. Another kind of traveler requires to know in terms of maps exactly where he is pin-pointed at every moment, as though there were some kind of safety in black and red lines, in dotted indications and squirming blue of lakes and the shadings that indicate mountains. It is not so with me. I was born lost and take no pleasure in being found, nor much identification from shapes which symbolize continents and states.
Lemony Snicket, Why Is This Night Different from All Other Nights?|Ellington Feint was a line in my mind running right down the middle of my life, separating the formal training of my childhood and the territory of the rest of my days. She was an axis, and at that moment and for many moments afterward, my entire world revolved around her.
Sunday Adelaja|Every time God gives you prosperity and favor to attain His goals and you do not use it, the devil will lead you in another way
Octavio Paz|Evil is done without effort, naturally, it is the working of fate; good is always the product of an art.
Robert Winston|The passion for art is, as for believers, very religious. It unites people, its message is of common humanity. Art has become my religion - others pray in church. It's a banality, but you don't possess art, it possesses you. It's like falling in love.
Michael Biehn|We're also the only country that has the Death Penalty. That's something to boast about, isn't it?
Madeleine M. Kunin|In a broader sense, the rhythms of nature, large and small - the sounds of wind and water, the sounds of birds and insects - must inevitably find their analogues in music.
Wilfred Owen, The Collected Poems of Wilfred Owen|The universal pervasion of ugliness, hideous landscapes, vile noises, foul language...everything. Unnatural, broken, blasted; the distortion of the dead, whose unburiable bodies sit outside the dug outs all day, all night, the most execrable sights on earth. In poetry we call them the most glorious.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended,is a flame that burns to its own destruction.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|The gospels, never meant to report, butrather to convince, are in no sense objective and dispassionate biographies. They are glowing accounts meant to persuade people of the writers’ convictions.
Paget Brewster|I wouldn't mind telling my five good friends that I'm dating, but I don't want my loose connections to know.
Margaret Atwood, Stone Mattress: Nine Tales|He was a dork, a dink, a dong… Why should the male member be used as a term of abuse? No man hated his own dorkdinkdong, quite the opposite. But maybe it was an affront that any other man had one. That must be the truth.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|I thought I could describe a state; make a map of sorrow. Sorrow, hoever, turns out to be not a state but a process.
Rachel McAdams|Itjtawy was ancient Egypt's capital for over four hundred years, at a period of time called the Middle Kingdom about four thousand years ago. The site is located in the Faiyum of Egypt, and the site is really important because in the Middle Kingdom there was this great renaissance for ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Deszo Koszstolanyi|He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
C.S. Lewis|Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too?
Jennifer Donnelly, The Wild Rose|No sunrises that stop you dead with their unspeakable beuaty, either, he thought. No whales breaching only yards away from the ship, showering your awestruck self with a cold ocean rain. No songs and whiskey belowdecks at night while the wind plucks at the ship's rigging and the ice beats against her hull.
Retin Obasohan|Sight is seeing what's there, vision is seeing what's possible
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|It commenced raining one day and did not stop for two months. We went through ever different kind of rain they is, cep'n maybe sleet or hail. It was little tiny stinging rain sometimes, an big ole fat rain at others. It came sidewise an straight down an sometimes even seem to stand up from the ground. Nevertheless, we was expected to do our shit, which was mainly walking upland down the hills an stuff looking for gooks.
Robert Holden|If you think something is missing in your life, it is probably YOU...
A.G. Howard, RoseBlood|I don't believe every cryptid should be allowed to roam free, just like I don't believe every human should be allowed to roam free. We have psychos, too. People kill their coworkers. Kids kill their classmates. Parents kill their own children. Those people are every bit as monstrous as the worst cryptid predator you can ever point to, yet they're human, just like we are.
Sunday Adelaja|Christian faith is not an irrational leap.Examined objectively, the claims of the Bible are rational propositions well supported by reason and evidence.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Grace God's Unmerited Favor|Man should strive to be a gentleman in a barbaric world, merciful in a merciless time and humane in an inhumane culture.
Nikki Rowe|And you finally get there, you reach a point where you refuse to feel anymore pain and the desire to chase happiness out weighs any choice that gives you reason to question where you're headed.
Samuel Beckett, Krapp's Last Tape & Embers|How do you manage it, she said, at your age? I told her I'd been saving up for her all my life.
Diane Ackerman, The Rarest of the Rare: Vanishing Animals, Timeless Worlds|At some point, one asks, "Toward what end is my life lived?" A great freedom comes from being able to answer that question. A sleeper can be decoyed out of bed by the sheer beauty of dawn on the open seas. Part of my job, as I see it, is to allow that to happen. Sleepers like me need at some point to rise and take their turn on morning watch for the sake of the planet, but also for their own sake, for the enrichment of their lives. From the deserts of Namibia to the razor-backed Himalayas, there are wonderful creatures that have roamed the Earth much longer than we, creatures that not only are worthy of our respect but could teach us about ourselves.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|I realize that some people will not believe that a child of little more than ten years is capable of having such feelings. My story is not intended for them. I am telling it to those who have a better knowledge of man. The adult who has learned to translate a part of his feelings into thoughts notices the absence of these thoughts in a child, and therefore comes to believe that the child lacks these experiences, too. Yet rarely in my life have I felt and suffered as deeply as at that time.
Franklin Gillette|He realized that time, clocks ticking, everything is just a human-made concept. That clocks didn’t tick back in the times he was seeing now, and he realized that the sun never sets as long as you travel with it, circumnavigating the globe, once every 24 hours. It was a new thought, a new dogma to Jordan, evolving his idea of being more than one at once. It was an idea of being more than one time at once, literally moving along the 4th dimension. Not being pushed to the side, not being pushed up or down, not being pushed inward or outward, but being pushed in one way, without ever moving at all. They were being pushed along the track of time, with no way to go back, with no way to retract and go back to the starting point as they could in any of the three visible dimensions. And it was that thought, Jordan finally realized, that made him exhausted and scared. It was that realization that made Jordan realize that this was the thing Tong was afraid of. That through all his travels on planes and all his moving around the world, he could still go back to Bangkok, he could still go back to the hospital where he was born, but he could never go backward on that track and stand in the same place, only the same location, as where his first day began."-A Spontaneous Existence, Chandler Ivanko
David Morrissey|When we have peace, then we have a chance to save the planet. But if we are not united in peace, if we do not practice mindful consumption, we cannot save our planet.
Mitt Romney|I'm too tough and sensitive to have to have some pubescent twerp with his mom's earring in his tongue, who combs his hair with Redi-Whip and has an Ani DiFranco tattoo on his shin, come show me how a computer works.
Richard Brautigan, Revenge of the Lawn: Stories 1962-1970|I have emotions that are like newspapers that read themselves.I go for days at a time trapped in the want ads.I feel as if I am an ad for the sale of a haunted house:18 rooms $37,000 I'm yours ghosts and all.
Amy Petrie Shaw, The Tao of the Dippy Cat: A Series of Uncomfortable Incidents and Horrible Happenings|A Voltairian of good stock,” he murmured.“What is that supposed to mean?” I growled.“To believe a little in God and much in the devil!”“Well, yes, Mister Hilmacher, and if the devil is not a part in this business, let him take me to Hell!” “Mister Burgomaster, you insult the devil. He who undervalues the devil belittles God. I fail to see why the Almighty would occupy Himself with our most insignificant actions and thoughts, like a good old woman during the endless tea hours, and I would find the role of Old Nick singularly petty indeed should he amuse himself with a giant pleasantry that sends a herd and its guardians into the mortal mud of the swamp.
Sunday Adelaja|When I look in the mirror,I see me.Who do you see?
Harry Gilbert|Never embarrass a student in front of others. Embarrass yourself often to relieve the tension, but do not paint them into a corner.
Eddie Gear|If you want to be different, if you want to be better than normal, then you must live differently.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The more time you invest into your land of promise, the more productive the land becomes for you.
Erik Pevernagie|Once we get to know where and why the skeletons of the past are buried, we can start wading across our muddled memories into the open plains of a new horizon. ("Going back to yesterday")
Mikl Paul, Dandelions That have Held your Breath|We have flattered ourselves by inventing proverbs of comparison in matter of blindness,--"blind as a bat," for instance. It would be safe to say that there cannot be found in the animal kingdom a bat, or any other creature, so blind in its own range of circumstance and connection, as the greater majority of human beings are in the bosoms of their families. Tempers strain and recover, hearts break and heal, strength falters, fails, and comes near to giving way altogether, every day, without being noted by the closest lookers-on.
Shinu :)|People’s beliefs and faiths are as a result of their place of birth, or how they were brought up
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God called me many years ago to be an evangelist, and I have never regretted His leading. I love the crusades, meeting people from every country and culture all over the world. My life has been blessed by friends from every land, and challenges from every corner.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Rotating movement of the morning; in thy virgin heart, a piece of eternity breathed.
Mohith Agadi|If you have Lost something, there's always something Coming, just live by to see it.
Lao Tzu|When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Sunday Adelaja|A person who lives by the rules of the world cannot resist the devil, cannot fight him
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Suddenly the memory of his wife came back to him and, no doubt feeling it would be too complicated to try to understand how he could have yielded to an impulse of happiness at such a time, he confined himself, in a habitual gesture of his whenever a difficult question came to his mind, to passing his hand over his forehead, wiping his eyes and the lenses of his lorgnon. Yet he could not be consoled for the death of his wife, but, during the two years he survived her, would say to my grandfather: “It’s odd, I think of my poor wife often, but I can’t think of her for a long time.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|I could use a shower myself." He pulled her close and kissed her, tucking his hand beneath the sheet and smoothing it down the satiny curve of her hip. "We'd get to breakfast a lot quicker if we took one together.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God is our great helper,shelter, provider and protector.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|It wasn't supposed to. It was just supposed to stop you from hurting yourself.” “It helps—” “No it doesn't. It just pushes it away temporarily. Just like the booze.” “But I need—” “You need to let yourself feel. Feel it, own it. Then move on.” “You make it sound so easy.” Bitterness drips from each syllable. “It’s not. It’s the fucking hardest thing a person can do.” I smooth a damp strand out of her face and away from my mouth. “It’s the hardest fucking thing. It’s why we drink and do drugs and fight. It’s why I play music and build engines.
Nicolas Berggruen|I have three favorite politicians: Reagan, Truman, and Bobby Kennedy - Bobby for showing remarkable political courage despite being loathed by many on both sides.
Mark Cuban|My mom's whole side of the family, they're all Packers fans. My mom's a Bears fan. My stepdad is a Vikings guy. So that gets ugly. My mom sits upstairs watching the Bears game; he sits in the basement. They can't watch it together. Football's a violent anger in our family dynamic.
Darren Shan, Vampire Mountain|Yes?" she asked, eyeing me guardedly.I struck out a hand and said "Shake."Arra stared at the hand, then into my unfocused eyes. "One good fight doesn't make you a warrior," she said."Shake!" I repeated angrily."And if I don't?" she asked."I'll get back up on the bars and fight you till you do," I growled.Arra studied me at length, then nodded and took my hand. "Power to you, Darren Shan," she said gruffly."Power," I repeated weakly, then fainted into her arms and knew no more till I came to in my hammock the next night.
Jane Austen|Molly is the opposite. So many things have gone wrong for her in her seventeen years that she’s come to expect it. When something does go right, she hardly knows what to think.
Alan Turing, Computing machinery and intelligence|What he imagines evokes nothing imaginary, it evokes the reality of the world that experience and reason treat in a confused manner.
Kristin Miller, So I Married a Werewolf|The word spread. 	It began with the techno-literates: young summoners who couldn’t quite get their containment circles right and who had fallen back on Facebook to keep themselves occupied while the sacred incense was cooked in their mum’s microwaves; eager diviners who scoured the internet for clues as to the future of tomorrow, and who read the truth of things in the static at the corners of the screen; bored vampires who knew that it was too early to go out and hunt, too late still to be in the coffin. The message was tweeted and texted onwards, sent out through the busy wires of the city, from laptop to PC, PC to Mac, from mobile phones the size of old breeze blocks through to palm-held devices that not only received your mail, but regarded it as their privilege to sort it into colour-coordinated categories for your consideration. The word was whispered between the statues that sat on the imperial buildings of Kingsway, carried in the scuttling of the rats beneath the city streets, flashed from TV screen to TV screen in the flickering windows of the shuttered electronics stores, watched over by beggars and security cameras, and the message said: 	We are Magicals Anonymous. 	We are going to save the city.
Sunday Adelaja|What does a title mean to me? I do not need a title. My name, which I achieved with my own strength, is my title. I only wish that posterity would sometime confirm the fact that I have striven to achieve my program decently and honestly..
Diriye Osman|I wear makeup and I don dramatic attire because I like control. I’m not interested in controlling others but I’m invested in strict self-governance. This is why I don’t do many face-to-face interviews. I don’t like being caught off-guard. It all goes back to that attempt to create order amidst disorder. One of the most frightening things about losing your mind is that you feel like your body, your brain, every part of your essence is being invaded. There is such a palpable helplessness to that narrative and I hate the sense of victimhood that it implies. Certainly, this is how I felt during my moments of psychological disquiet. I felt like my personhood was under attack. Performativity is important to me because I’m the teller of my own stories. I have been performing these multiple roles for so long that they have bled into my identity. I have become the man that I always wanted to be.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|There may be some truth (atheists) do not need to believe in a god to be good, but then if they do not believe in a god, who do they believe gives the Universal Law of following good and shunning evil? Obviously, mankind. But then that is a dangerous thing, for if a man does not believe in a god capable of giving perfect laws, he is in the position of declaring all laws come from man, and as man is imperfect, he can declare that as fallible men make imperfect laws, he can pick and choose what he wishes to follow, that which, in his own mind seems good. He does not believe in divine retribution, therefore he can also declare his own morality contrary to what the divine may decree simply because he believes there is no divine decree. He may follow his every whim and passion, declaring it to be good when it may be very evil, for he like all men is imperfect, so how can he tell what is verily good? The atheist is in danger of mistaking vice for good and consequently follow another slave master and tyrant, his own physical and mental weakness. Evil would be wittingly or unwittingly perpetrated, therefore, to recognise the existence of a perfect divine being that gives perfect Universal Laws is much better than not to believe in a god, for if there is a perfect god, they will not allow their laws to be broken with impunity as in the case with many corrupt judges on earth, but will punish accordingly in due time. Therefore, to be pious and reverent is the surest path to true freedom as a perfect god will give perfect laws to prevent all manner of slavery, tyranny and moral wantonness, even if we do not understand why they are good laws at times.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Unless you're ashamed of yourself now and then, you're not honest
Albert Camus|Absolute virtue is impossible and the republic of forgiveness leads, with implacable logic, to the republic of the guillotine.
Mayur Ramgir|Dreams are dreams until you make them a reality. And that won’t happen until you give up your sleep, Wake Up.
Tonny K. Brown|If walls could talk - scratch that, if walls could make sarcastic comments... well, things would be interesting.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Rock and roll, big band, the blues. He loved them all. He would close his eyes and with a blissful smile begin to move to his own sense of rhythm. It wasn't always pretty.
James Montgomery Boice|Heresy is usually quite sophisticated, actually has a meaning, and is to be taken very seriously. It is therefore to be carefully distinguished from turgid, pretentious, badly-written Bullsgeshichte, to use the technical German theological term.
Nick Winter, The Motivation Hacker|We are now left to choose between danger and regret, neither of which can restore the lives we have lost.
Bei Dao|the bouquetBetween me and the worldyou are a bay, a sailthe faithful ends of a ropeyou are a fountain, a wind, a shrill childhood cry.Between me and the worldyou are a picture frame, a windowa field covered in wildflowersyou are a breath, a bed,a night that keeps the stars company.Between me and the world, you are a calendar, a compassa ray of light that slips through the gloomyou are a biographical sketch, a book marka preface that comes at the end.between me and the worldyou are a gauze curtain, a mista lamp shining in my dreamsyou are a bamboo flute, a song without wordsa closed eyelid carved in stone.Between me and the worldyou are a chasm, a poolan abyss plunging downyou are a balustrade, a walla shield’s eternal pattern.
Jonathan L. Walls, The Legend of Zelda and Theology|Well -- think about this. What if all your actions and choices, good or bad, make no difference to God? What if the pattern is pre-set? No no -- hang on -- this is a question worth struggling with. What if our badness and mistakes are the very thing that set our fate and bring us round to good? What if, for some of us, we can't get there any other way?
Timothy Norr|It's more like the anger what keep us alive, if yoh are Happy… you are fucking open to dead.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count!
James Redfield|Thomas's mistake, like most of the behavior he leaked into the world, had been avoidable: to join another human being in a situation that virtually demanded unscripted, spontaneous conversation, and thus to risk total moral and emotional dissolution. Death by conversation, and all that.
Steven Spielberg, Close Encounters of the Third Kind|From the time they hit middle school, they start moving away from home. They are not doing anything wrong; it's just the way they are made. They are becoming independent, and they begin redefining themselves through the eyes other people who are not in their immediate family. The older they get, the more important it is to have other voices in their lies saying the same things but in a different way. 
Eric Garcia|Life is short, Love is Endless. Live and love life to the full!
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|Love, comes to steal you like a thief in the night. It aims to take your most precious from you. It gags, you, binds you, cripples you to keep you from running away, rips off your skin making you raw, and holds you ransomed asking for so much wealth one is forced into imprisonment…isn’t is beautiful?
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|In our youth, we may have ridiculed the cost-of-living-index family, with their house, two cars, and two kids, but today we are pro-family. We have seen the damage done by the previous generation and have doubled our efforts when it comes to caring for our families. Our children come first.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|You'll never make it out there. You weren't made for South Pole adventures." Flora gave her an icy look. "I think I know by now what I was made for.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|I don't remember things. I black out and I can't remember where I've been or what I've done. Sometimes I wonder if I've done or said terrible things, and I can't remember. And if...if someone tells me something I've done, it doesn't even feel like me. it doesn't feel like it was me who was doing that thing. And it's so hard to feel responsible for something you don't remember. So I never feel bad enough. i feel bad, but the thing that i've done --it's removed from me. It's like it doesn't belong to me.
Travis Scott|Pretty much, Apple and Dell are the only ones in this industry making money. They make it by being Wal-Mart. We make it by innovation.
Andrea Seigel, To Feel Stuff|Are you in pain?' I asked, because I know that everything in the world that matters shows up as some kind of pain. Or pang. Joy included.
Lysa TerKeurst, Unglued: Making Wise Choices in the Midst of Raw Emotions|JEALOUS, adj. Unduly concerned about the preservation of that which can be lost only if not worth keeping.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|In conscious life, we achieve some sense of ourselves as reasonably unified, coherent selves, and without this action would be impossible. But all this is merely at the ‘imaginary’ level of the ego, which is no more than the tip of the iceberg of the human subject known to psychoanalysis. The ego is function or effect of a subject which is always dispersed, never identical with itself, strung out along the chains of the discourses which constitute it. There is a radical split between these two levels of being — a gap most dramatically exemplified by the act of referring to myself in a sentence. When I say ‘Tomorrow I will mow the lawn,’ the ‘I’ which I pronounce is an immediately intelligible, fairly stable point of reference which belies the murky depths of the ‘I’ which does the pronouncing. The former ‘I’ is known to linguistic theory as the ‘subject of the enunciation’, the topic designated by my sentence; the latter ‘I’, the one who speaks the sentence, is the ‘subject of the enunciating’, the subject of the actual act of speaking. In the process of speaking and writing, these two ‘I’s’ seem to achieve a rough sort of unity; but this unity is of an imaginary kind. The ‘subject of the enunciating’, the actual speaking, writing human person, can never represent himself or herself fully in what is said: there is no sign which will, so to speak, sum up my entire being. I can only designate myself in language by a convenient pronoun. The pronoun ‘I’ stands in for the ever-elusive subject, which will always slip through the nets of any particular piece of language; and this is equivalent to saying that I cannot ‘mean’ and ‘be’ simultaneously. To make this point, Lacan boldly rewrites Descartes’s ‘I think, therefore I am’ as: ‘I am not where I think, and I think where I am not.
Barack Obama|I'm a clown, which could be a public health role. I'm really interested in moving our society away from a society needing Xanax and Prozac, and that is really feeling depressed, to one that is celebrating, and so I find just walking around in colorful clothes, people smile.
M.F.K. Fisher, Sister Age|Chemicals are available for all classes, poor, average and rich, so far I'm average class and I have the chance and the guds to drink chemical for 1.89$.
bell hooks|We must dare to face the way in which patriarchal thinking blinds everyone so that we cannot see that the emotional lives of boys cannot be fully honored as long as notions of patriarchal masculinity prevail. We cannot teach boys that "real men" either do not feel or do not express feelings, then expect boys to feel comfortable getting in touch with their feelings.
Michael Franti|Lincoln made mistakes. Roosevelt made mistakes. Eisenhower made mistakes. The Battle of the Bulge was the biggest intelligence failure in American military history, much bigger than any in Vietnam or now. We didn't know that the Soviets were moving 400,000 or 500,000 troops. We missed it.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|You're the queen, and it's the queen's house, and whatever Brigan may accomplish, he's highly unlikely ever to be queen.
Auliq Ice|The most effective way to be self disciplined, is to submit yourself to your words.
Carrie Underwood|Some of my foster families used to send me to the movies to get me out of the house and there I'd sit all day and way into the night. Up in front, there with the screen so big, a little kid all alone, and I loved it. I loved anything that moved up there and I didn't miss anything that happened and there was no popcorn either.
Karen Essex, Dracula in Love|There are no accidents in this world, that no living being is seduced into an entanglement that he did not invite with his innermost desires. Would you agree with my estimation?
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|A recognized fact which goes back to the earliest times is that every living organism is not the sum of a multitude of unitary processes, but is, by virtue of interrelationships and of higher and lower levels of control, an unbroken unity. When research, in the efforts of bringing understanding, as a rule examines isolated processes and studies them, these must of necessity be removed from their context. In general, viewed biologically, this experimental separation involves a sacrifice. In fact, quantitative findings of any material and energy changes preserve their full context only through their being seen and understood as parts of a natural order.
Ted  Roberts, Brotherly Love: The Gospel of Jesus Christ|One Tree is of life, the other is of death. Do our fruits hang from the bad tree, or the good? Only by testing the fruits of a Tree (or, rather, testing ourselves) can we truly see what kind of tree we are!
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Illusions can and do create PHYSICAL Dis-Ease within our bodies. So it’s most important to master our thoughts, to become cognizant of what we are spending our precious mental energy on each moment of every day.
Sharon Salzberg|The mind thinks thoughts that we don't plan. It's not as if we say, 'At 9:10 I'm going to be filled with self-hatred.
Rick Riordan|Piper bit her lip. The last thing she wanted to do was check Katopris for more terrifying images.'I've tried,'she said.'The dagger doesn't always show what I want to see. In fact,it hardly ever does''Please,'Percy said.'Try again.'He pleaded with those sea-green eyes, like a cute baby seal that needed help.Piper wondered how Annabeth ever won an argument with this guy.'Fine,'she sighed,and drew her dagger
|Fear is something we all feel, but some people allow theirs to grow stronger than their courage.
Sandy Nathan, Numenon|Bear in mind that since medications do not fix anything, they allow the underlying problem to continue uncorrected and actually accelerate. Meanwhile, new symptoms and new seemingly unrelated diseases are the inevitable consequence of this biochemical faux pas. Furthermore, drug side effects are the leading cause of death. NSAIDs as an example of only one group of medications, are fatally toxic to thousands of people each year by damaging joints, lungs, kidneys, eyes, hearts, and intestines. And they are covered by insurance. You and your doctor have been screwed into believing every symptom is a deficiency of some drug or surgery. You've been led to believe you have no control, when in truth you're the one who must take control. Unfortunately, the modus operandi in medicine is to find a drug to turn off the damaged part that is producing symptoms.
Lesley Blanch, Under a Lilac-Bleeding Star|In the Balkans the peasants say that if you long for faraway countries and leave your own land and home to find them, you are born under A LILAC-BLEEDING STAR.
CeeLo Green|I have certain things that I stand for, certain things that I believe in, and if you don't like it and you tell me to go to hell, I think that's your God-given right as a fan. It's one of those deals where I'm that one guy who is outside of that realm of good guy, bad guy. I'm just me, and it elicits a response both positive and negative.
Balroop Singh|Respect, reverence, self-esteemAre my basic requisites I refuse to be a competitorWho struggles for personal rights
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Olympism seeks to create a way of life based on the joy found in effort, the educational value of a good example and respect for universal fundamental ethical principles.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|Poppy took a deep, appreciative breath. “How bracing,” she said. “I wonder what makes the country air smell so different?” “It could be the pig farm we just passed,” Leo muttered. Beatrix, who had been reading from a pamphlet describing the south of England, said cheerfully, “Hampshire is known for its exceptional pigs. They’re fed on acorns and beechnut mast from the forest, and it makes the bacon quite lovely. And there’s an annual sausage competition!” He gave her a sour look. “Splendid. I certainly hope we haven’t missed it.” Win, who had been reading from a thick tome about Hampshire and its environs, volunteered, “The history of Ramsay House is impressive.” “Our house is in a history book?” Beatrix asked in delight. “It’s only a small paragraph,” Win said from behind the book, “but yes, Ramsay House is mentioned. Of course, it’s nothing compared to our neighbor, the Earl of Westcliff, whose estate features one of the finest country homes in England. It dwarfs ours by comparison. And the earl’s family has been in residence for nearly five hundred years.” “He must be awfully old, then,” Poppy commented, straight-faced. Beatrix snickered. “Go on, Win.” “‘Ramsay House,’” Win read aloud, “‘stands in a small park populated with stately oaks and beeches, coverts of bracken, and surrounds of deer-cropped turf. Originally an Elizabethan manor house completed in 1594, the building boasts of many long galleries representative of the period. Alterations and additions to the house have resulted in the grafting of a Jacobean ballroom and a Georgian wing.’” “We have a ballroom!” Poppy exclaimed. “We have deer!” Beatrix said gleefully. Leo settled deeper into his corner. “God, I hope we have a privy.
michell umland|Darkness doesn't have a name, Sage." His throaty chuckle traveled down her spine.
Rachel Naomi Remen|Suffering shapes the life force, sometimes into anger, sometimes into blame and self-pity. Eventually it may show us the wisdom of embracing and loving life.
Charles T. Canady|Marriage is not just spiritual communion, it is also remembering to take out the trash.
Christopher Stasheff, The Warlock in Spite of Himself|Vote? What's so fun about voting? You should never vote, everyone knows that. If you vote and your guy wins you can't later complain because you helped put him there. That's why I never vote, so I can later complain.
Douglas Coupland, Shampoo Planet|In periods of rapid personal change, we pass through life as though we are spellcast. We speak in sentences that end before finishing. We sleep heavily because we need to ask so many questions as we dream alone. We bump into others and feel bashful at recognizing souls so similar to ourselves.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Knowing someone’s name meant knowing that the other person was a human being and not “the enemy.” Knowing someone’s name transformed him into a unique and special individual, with a past and a future, with ancestors and possibly descendants, a person who has known triumphs and failures. People are their names; they’re proud of them; they repeat them thousands of times in their lifetime and identify with them. It’s the first word they learn after “Daddy” and “Mummy.
Terry Pratchett, The Long War|The beagle and the kobold approached, walking out of the dusty distance.
Paul Davies|By the time we get to the 2040s, we'll be able to multiply human intelligence a billionfold. That will be a profound change that's singular in nature. Computers are going to keep getting smaller and smaller. Ultimately, they will go inside our bodies and brains and make us healthier, make us smarter.
Alcurtis Turner|If you want to find your greatest love, it will be inside the hardest thing you do.That's where it will be
Sara Blakely|I - and I still consider myself, I'm sorry to tell you, a Marxist and a Communist, but I couldn't help noticing how all the best Marxist analyses are always analyses of a failure.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|Souls are simply aspects of ego splintered off from Mae and Jin, the two original gods. They began with no ego at all, you know. But as they gained awareness of themselves, each affirmation of something they were created a denial of something they weren’t. This created a polarity, a split between themselves and something that became a new ‘soul’—an un-being that gave that shadow voice. One god, declaring himself to be good and denying that he was evil, split into two parts—one good and one evil—because each god is both good and evil. Each part, as it gained awareness of itself and declared itself this or that but denied that it was the shadow of each new identification, split into more and more pieces—creating an exponential birth of new souls.
Raoul Vaneigem, The Revolution of Everyday Life|The millions of human beings who were shot, tortured, starved, treated like animals and made the object of a conspiracy of ridicule, can sleep in peace in their communal graves, for at least the struggle in which they died has enabled their descendants, isolated in their air-conditioned apartments, to believe, on the strength of their daily dose of television, that they are happy and free. The Communards went down, fighting to the last, so that you too could qualify for a Caribbean cruise.
Laura Wasser|My brother liked sewing and sculpting and making things, and my sister sewed and painted and cooked and baked. She's a professional baker now and makes the most gorgeous sculpture-like cakes. She's the queen of wedding cakes in the Lake Tahoe area.
Gyula Illyés, Once Upon a Time: Forty Hungarian Folk-Tales|I once fed a dog-fight operator to the dogs he had abused for so long, and do you want to know something? It felt so good. It was justice, girl. The fucking law never gave a shit about a victim, but justice is all heart.
Captain Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba|Even in the heart of America, if a small city is not connected in some demonstrable fashion to other continents, it is dead.
Milan Kundera|Slowly, but steadily, my feelings did start to change- feelings about myself as a woman and feelings about what sexuality really is and what it really isn't. I -like most everyone who identified as gay or lesbian -felt very comfortable, very at home in mu body in my lesbianism. One doesn't repent for a sin of identity in one session. Sins of identity have multiple dimensions, and throughout this journey, I have come to my pastor and his wife, friends in the Lord, and always to the Lord himself with different facets of my sin. I don't mean different incidents or examples of the same sin, but different facets of sin -how pride, for example, informed my decision-making, or how my unwillingness to forgive others had landlocked my heart in bitterness. I have walked this journey with help. There is no other way to do it I still walk this journey with help.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|The more He loved those for whom He was the ransom, the more His anguish would increase, as it is the faults of friends rather than enemies which most disturb hearts!
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Aw, you’re nothing but heart, Mako. Nice valentine in your skull, by the way. Is that temporary or did the Tanaka-kai change their daimon to attract the Powerpuff Girls crowd?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The mouth tastes food, the heart tastes words.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|Boney the snowman, was a crazy, whacked-out guy, with tattooed skin and a goofy grin, and he liked to get real high. There must have been some acid in the soda that he had, 'cause when he went and drank it, it screwed him up real bad. He led them to the psycho ward, right to the dear old doc. And when they asked him what was wrong he told them 'suck my cock.
Nalo Hopkinson|I remember in 1967, when there was that terrible fire on NASA's Apollo 1 rocket that killed three astronauts, my father made pure oxygen and we lit this tiny cup and burned it. Suddenly, we had an unbelievable jet and a fire. You just could see exactly what had happened.
Theognis|I heard the voice of that bird, son of Polypas, whose piercing outcryand whose arrival announces to men the season when fieldsare plowed, and the voice of her broke the heart that darkens within me,since other men posess my flourishing acres now,and not for me are the mules dragging the plow through the grainland,since I have given my heart to the restless seafarer's life.
Leigh Hershkovich|You can survive without artistry, but you cannot live without artistry.
Christine Upton|The Storms of This LifeWatching the distant clouds building and growing forevermoreThe harsh wind begins rushing thru the leaves with the branches bending to and froIn the attempts to not give in again I'm standing firm on all that I knowAnd extending out my hand reaching beyond the heavens aboveGrasping for His strength to hold on, along with the endurance to make it thruPraying that the ground beneath me will not erode nor engulf all that I love
Belinda Taylor|Photographs are just light and time" - Aza Holmes
Cicely Tyson|I think when you begin to think of yourself as having achieved something, then there's nothing left for you to work towards. I want to believe that there is a mountain so high that I will spend my entire life striving to reach the top of it.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|I haven’t had the chance to look at too many men’s faces up close. And I noticed how his skin was thicker than mine, and a gorgeous shade of toast. The stiff blond hairs on his cheeks and chin seemed to be growing before my eyes. He smelled like starch. Like pine. His nose wasn’t so pointy afterall. …And out of the blue, he kissed me. Right in the middle of the Robert E. Lee Hotel Restaurant, he kissed me so slowly with an open mouth and every single thing in my body-my skin, my collarbone, the hollow backs of my knees, everything inside of me filled up with light.
T.P. Grish, Maldives Malady: A Tropical Adventure|He plunged into the foliage, and was swept into a humid, wet world of towering trees, animal chirps and thick ferns. After a few steps, he turned, and could barely make out the village. He walked a few more steps. He could see nothing now except for the thick trees and long ferns and grasses that surrounded him. He was enveloped into the confined space between trees, surrounded by the jungle heat and staccato chirps. He turned in the direction of the village, but could only see thick, dense trees. Hoping his sense of direction had not been muddled, he turned back around to the direction of the alleged ocean, and kept walking.Now the calls he heard sounded more and more strange. How far had he walked by now? The jungle, or rain forest, whatever it was, did not relent, and he kept on weaving into narrow gaps between the sturdy ferns and towering trees, pressing onwards. This continued for a seemingly oppressive amount of time, and he began to doubt his decision. To come to this place. To take a chance with his life, which was going in the right direction. Why couldn’t he be happy with the normal and mundane, he cursed, scolding his own stubbornness
John Irving, Until I Find You|It's the child who's supposed to cry, and the mom who makes it all better, not the other way around, which is why mothers will move heaven and earth to hold it together in front of their own kids.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|It' is for objects, not people.
John Henrik Clarke|I worry sometimes that I'm a bit moralistic; always writing about men who are learning to grow up, not be so self-absorbed, selfish or badly behaved. I wonder if that's dull and liberal and wimpy? I should probably write something that celebrates wickedness.
Paul McCartney|Business is constantly changing, constantly evolving.
Anton Chekhov, The Lottery Ticket|You’re beautiful, Finnie, but by the gods you have never been more beautiful than you are right now, spread before me, wrapped in my wool and filled with me
Elizabeth Cohen, The Hypothetical Girl|Her love has been always unrequited, but until now it wasn't real love. Now it hurts, and that's how she knows it is real.
Michael Barakiva, One Man Guy|one plus one equal one. it is correct, only in love!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|But, and here comes the rub, all of us feel that we are in complete control of our desire for things. We would never admit to an ungovernable spirit of covetousness. The problem is that we, like the alcoholic, are unable to recognize the disease once we have been engulfed by it. Only by the help of others are we able to detect the inner spirit that places wealth about God. And we must come to fear the idolatrous state of covetousness because the moment things have priority, radical obedience becomes impossible.
François Du Toit, God Believes in You|To struggle to do means to fail to see. Doing spontaneously is directly related to perceiving and realising the integrity of your individual identity and value. Doing follows conclusion. I am, therefore I can!
Plato, The Symposium|if someone got to see the Beautiful itself, absolute, pure, unmixed, not polluted by human flesh or colors or any other great nonsense of mortality, but if he could see the divine Beauty itself in its one form? Do you think it would be a poor life for a human being to look there and to behold it by that which he ought, and to be with it? Or haven't you remembered that in that life alone, when he looks at Beauty in the only way what Beauty can be seen - only then will it become possible for him to give birth no to images of virtue (because he's in touch with no images) but to true virtue (because he is in touch with the true Beauty). The love of the gods belongs to anyone who has given birth to true virtue and nourished it, and if any human being could become immortal, it would be he.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|As gold and silver are weighed in pure water, so does the soul test its weight in silence, and the words that we let fall have no meaning apart from the silence that wraps them round.
Shane Claiborne, Red Letter Revolution: What If Jesus Really Meant What He Said?|God's people are not to accumulate stuff for tomorrow but to share indiscriminately with the scandalous and holy confidence that God will provide for tomorrow. Then we need not stockpile stuff in barns or a 401(k), especially when there is someone in need.
Lauren Gilley, Whatever Remains|One of the ridiculously difficult things about raising children is that they are constantly developing and changing so that just when you think you have them figured out, they throw you a curve, a new twist you never saw coming. They are like mutating viruses - as soon as you have become immune to their latest shenanigans, they develop a new strain to which you have yet to be exposed. While this constant shape-shifting is one of the greatest challenges of parenting, it is also one of the things which makes them so fascinating and wonderful.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|Why, darling, I don't live at all when I'm not with you.
Rivka Galchen|What Ann Druyan said: Compressed into a minute-long segment, the brain waves of a woman newly in love sound like a string of firecrackers exploding.
Russell Brand|Then as now, someone who's high on marijuana or hashish is only a threat to your safety if you happen to be a Dorito.
Geri Halliwell|The truth sets you free. It's a very liberating thing, when you say this is who I am warts and all and then you can just get on with life. It's amazing.
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|It is one of the unexpected disasters of the modern age that our new unparalleled access to information has come at the price of our capacity to concentrate on anything much. The deep, immersive thinking which produced many of civilization's most important achievements has come under unprecedented assault. We are almost never far from a machine that guarantees us a mesmerizing and libidinous escape from reality. The feelings and thoughts which we have omitted to experience while looking at our screens are left to find their revenge in involuntary twitches and our ever-decreasing ability to fall asleep when we should.
David Attenborough|I've always liked depressing music because a lot of times, listening to it when you're down can actually make you feel less depressed. Also, even though a person may have problems with depression, sometimes you can actually be kind of comfortable in that space because you know how to operate within it.
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|It came to me in whole form… that the energy of the Universe swirled and coalesced and formed into suns and cooling planets orbiting those suns. And on the planets (one specifically that I know of) the energy started swirling and coalescing into electrons and forming molecules and those merged and joined and formed microscopic life, that in turn gave rise to aquatic things, and plants and animals and beings that walked on two legs that loved and had children that in turn loved. So that all the planet is connected by the energy of the Universe, and I am part of it.
Kathy Bell, Regression|We lifted up and then bobbed."Back! Pull it back!" (Christopher)"It's hard." (Kitty)"The ground is harder!" (Christopher)
Jim George, A Young Man After God's Own Heart|A man after God's own heart is...a man who yearns to please God,a man who desires to grow spiritually,a man who had a heart that obeys.
Donna Lynn Hess|Despite tribulation, distress, famine, peril, and sword, God had allowed them all to emerge as conquerors.
Ellen Hopkins, Smoke|If I could quietly kill her without anyone knowing, I would.
Kent Nerburn, Neither Wolf nor Dog: On Forgotten Roads with an Indian Elder|They say that perhaps it is not by love, but by blood, that land is bought. They say that perhaps my people had to die to nourish this earth with their truth. Your people did not have ears to hear. Perhaps we had to return to the earth, so that we could grow within your hearts. Perhaps we have come back and will fill the hills and valleys with our song. Who is to know?
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|A good shepherd has a positive influence on his people through "inward work", i.e. working on them from the inside.
Marlo Thomas|I think in my case, I had no choice but to have a good sense of humor. I grew up with my dad, Danny Thomas, and George Burns and Bob Hope and Milton Berle and Sid Caesar and all those guys were at our house all the time and telling jokes and making each other laugh.
David Wilcock|Any person, brought into the presence of this fact, stops for a few moments and remains pensive and silent; and then generally leaves, carrying with him forever a sharper, keener sense of our incessant motion through space.
Susan Bischoff, Heroes 'Til Curfew|One of the talents of the [late] great Steve Jobs is that he [knew] how to design Medusa-like products. While every Macintosh model has had flaws (some more than others), most of them have has a sexiness and a design sensibility that has turned many consumers into instant converts. Macintosh owners upgrade far more often than most computer users for precisely this reason.” (p.98)
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|When you look at a natural beauty, it also looks at you! Since both the viewer and the viewed are miracles, two miracles look at each other in admiration!
Diahann Carroll|Watson augments human decision-making because it isn't governed by human boundaries. It draws together all this information and forms hypotheses, millions of them, and then tests them with all the data it can find. It learns over time what data is reliable, and that's part of its learning process.
Junot Diaz|My parents were vegetarians. I'd show up at school, this giant black kid, with none of the cool clothes and a tofu sandwich and celery sticks.
Corey Taylor|The music industry is dominated by guys. I work with men 98 percent of the time - producers, arrangers, musicians, engineers.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|Kashmir, the 86,000-square-mile region in India's north, both is and isn't the India of the popular imagination.
Paul Gitwaza|Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the age.”Note the “I Am.” In the Greek it is the strongest possible form of expression – Ego Eimi. Both ego and eimi mean “I am” but the former puts the emphasis on the “I” while the latter puts it on the “am.” Taken together they are the strongest Greek form to express the name of God as the great “I AM.” That is how the risen Christ here refers to Himself. “Lo, I AM with you!” But there is a lovely feature in the Greek construction here which does not reveal itself in our English translation. It reads like this:“And lo, I with you AM…”You and I dear fellow believer, are in between the “I” and the “AM.” He is not only with us, He is all around us. Not only now and then, but “always” which literally translated is, “all the days” … this day, this hour, this moment. Why, when we reflect on it, were not our Lord’s sudden appearings & disappearings during the 40 days between His resurrection and His ascension meant to teach those early disciples (and ourselves) this very thing, that even when He is invisible He is none the less present, hearing, watching, knowing, sympathizing, overruling? Let us never forget that the special promise of His presence is given in connection with our going forth as winners of others to Him.
Ryan Howard|I want to build a legacy at the WWE, but I definitely want to continue to grow the Bella Empire. I want it to go beyond the ring. I would love to be a motivational speaker.
Ben Zobrist|I found out that superstars Winkler and William Shatner are real people, and I was so thankful for that.
Sunday Adelaja|We turn our attention to the government and we whine about the incompetence of the police, we also complain about the breakdown in law and order. Yet, we forget that we actually had a role to play in the consequences we are reaping.
David Almond, Skellig|Look at all the life in this," she said. "Every pip could become a tree, and every tree could bear another hundred fruits and every fruit could bear another hundred trees. And so on to infinity."I picked the picks from my tongue with my fingers."Just imagine," she said. "If every seed grew, there'd be no room in the world for anything but pomegranate trees.
Gustave Flaubert|In my view, the novelist has no right to express his opinions on the things of this world. In creating, he must imitate God: do his job and then shut up.
Willem de Kooning|When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|He gazed amusedly down the table at Tessa. “You’re the shape-changer, aren’t you?” he said. “Magnus Bane told me about you. No mark on you at all, they say.” Tessa swallowed and looked him straight in the eye. They were discordantly human eyes, ordinary in his extraordinary face. “No. No mark.” He grinned around his fork. “I do suppose they’ve looked everywhere?” “I’m sure Will’s tried,” said Jessamine in a bored tone.
Anthony McGowan, Henry Tumour|Every generation is inculcated in traditions of prejudice which are encouraged as normal, natural and healthy.
Jacqueline E. Smith, After Death|In recent years behavioral scientists have shed some light on why these waiting techniques can be powerful. Let’s first look at the notion that texting back right away makes you less appealing. Psychologists have conducted hundreds of studies in which they reward lab animals in different ways under different conditions. One of the most intriguing findings is that “reward uncertainty”—in which, for instance, animals cannot predict whether pushing a lever will get them food—can dramatically increase their interest in getting a reward, while also enhancing their dopamine levels so that they basically feel coked up.If a text back from someone is considered a “reward,” consider the fact that lab animals who get rewarded for pushing a lever every time will eventually slow down because they know that the next time they want a reward, it will be waiting for them. So basically, if you are the guy or girl who texts back immediately, you are taken for granted and ultimately lower your value as a reward. As a result, the person doesn’t feel as much of an urge to text you or, in the case of the lab animal, push the lever.
Q'orianka Kilcher|I am not a big technology person. I don't go on the Internet really much at all. Drawing is like a zen thing; it's private, which in this day and age is harder to come by.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If the thought inspires you, and it feels good and right...it is yours, alone, to exercise. So get right on it!
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|I get that Christmas is generally schmaltzy. I understand that it is used as a cynical cash grab. I know how far it is from what Jesus would have wanted. Nevertheless, I like that people put forth some effort to see one another during this season, that some people shake out of their commonplace anthood and toward sainthood.
Roald Dahl, Matilda|So Matilda's strong young mind continued to grow, nurtured by the voices of all those authors who had sent their books out into the world like ships on the sea.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Learn to live from inside to outside, bring out those magnificent estates within you and live in them.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|They blended religion and art and science because, at base, science is no more than an investigation of a miracle we can never explain, and art is an interpretation of that miracle.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am what no one else is, and in the hands of God I can do what no one else does. And if I dare set such a truth in motion I will change my world.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America, Part Two: Perestroika|HANNAH: You had a vision.PRIOR: A vision. Thank you, Maria Ouspenskaya. I'm not so far gone I can be assuaged by pity and lies.HANNAH: I don't have pity. It's just not something I have.(Little pause)One hundred and seventy years ago, which is recent, an angel of God appeared to Joseph Smith in upstateNew York, not far from here. People have visions.PRIOR: But that's preposterous, that's...HANNAH: It's not polite to call other people's beliefs preposterous.He had great need of understanding. Our Prophet. His desire made prayer. His prayer made an angel. The angel was real. I believe that.PRIOR: I don't. And I'm sorry but it's repellent to me. So much of what you believe.HANNAH: What do I believe?PRIOR: I'm a homosexual. With AIDS. I can just imagine what you ...HANNAH: No you can't. Imagine. The things in my head.You don't make assumptions about me, mister; I won't make them about you.
Kassandra Cross, Carrie's First Time: Taboo Older Man Younger Woman First Time Erotic Romance|You are so beautiful,” he whispered, kissing her softly on the lips. “I can’t believe I got to have you.”  “You’re the only one who has,” Carrie smiled, “And I wouldn’t have had it any other way.
Alison Bruce, Cambridge Blue|You lose a child and you do understand each other's grief at first, but if you get out of step with each other, it's all over. Suddenly each of you is alone.
Willis R. Whitney|Einstein, twenty-six years old, only three years away from crude privation, still a patent examiner, published in the Annalen der Physik in 1905 five papers on entirely different subjects. Three of them were among the greatest in the history of physics. One, very simple, gave the quantum explanation of the photoelectric effect—it was this work for which, sixteen years later, he was awarded the Nobel prize. Another dealt with the phenomenon of Brownian motion, the apparently erratic movement of tiny particles suspended in a liquid: Einstein showed that these movements satisfied a clear statistical law. This was like a conjuring trick, easy when explained: before it, decent scientists could still doubt the concrete existence of atoms and molecules: this paper was as near to a direct proof of their concreteness as a theoretician could give. The third paper was the special theory of relativity, which quietly amalgamated space, time, and matter into one fundamental unity. This last paper contains no references and quotes to authority. All of them are written in a style unlike any other theoretical physicist's. They contain very little mathematics. There is a good deal of verbal commentary. The conclusions, the bizarre conclusions, emerge as though with the greatest of ease: the reasoning is unbreakable. It looks as though he had reached the conclusions by pure thought, unaided, without listening to the opinions of others. To a surprisingly large extent, that is precisely what he had done.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|I’d prefer you accuse my son, so he can defend his innocence rather than prolong unnecessary guilt." (Spoken by Bracke, told by Eric)
Herbert A. Wise, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|There was nothing but power, and those who hadn't yet found the tap. (Greachin)
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|God gave us his word of salvation, for us to become the agents of His principles and the doers of His will, His judgment on earth
Bruno Bauer|The end of science is not to prove a theory, but to improve mankind.
Shannon L. Alder|The most compassionate and peaceful thing you can do for yourself and others is to let go of the past, let go of the anger, let go of trying to hurt people that wronged you. There are thousands of people dying from cancer that wish they had someone to care about them and be with them during their final days. There are children being sold into sex trafficking and are hoping someone would rescue them. There are homeless people that wish they had something warm to wear or eat. There is an entire species being wiped out because not enough people care about our oceans. Today, remember that there is someone praying for the very things you take for granted. Spend your effort where God needs you to be--on the front lines of the war on earth, not on the battlefields of the past.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Harry, remembering suddenly. "It was flying."Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"Dudley and Piers sniggered."I know they don't," said Harry. "It was only a dream.
Wilma Rudolph|It just a fun game, until someone starts to win and then everyone else begins to cheat!
Woody Allen|Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.
Dean Koontz, Phantoms|You can spend your life judging people or, you can spend it making friends. Take your pick.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God, please give us more grace!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|If the financial system has a defect, it is that it reflects and magnifies what we human beings are like. Money amplifies our tendency to overreact, to swing from exuberance when things are going well to deep depression when they go wrong. Booms and busts are products, at root, of our emotional volatility.
Beverly Engel, The Right to Innocence|You may be operating from the belief that you must do everything yourself because no one will ever be there for you. Or you may think that if you never speak up you’ll avoid being rejected. Both these fears no longer apply to you today as an adult. If you never reach out for help, you will continue to deprive yourself.
Ashley Kennett, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you. Your skin was sandpaper and your armpits were hollow, filled with dark chocolate and prunes. You offered me coffee and when I said no you handed me black coffee with a note that read "12 reasons not to drink coffee". I knew we would get along.
Mahatma Gandhi|The greatness of humanity is not in being human, but in being humane.
Vincent J. Guihan|Is it possible that future generations will regard our present agribuisness and eating practices in much the same way we now view Nero's entertainments or Mengele's experiments? My own initial reaction is that such a comparison is hysterical, extreme - and yet the reason it seems extreme to me appears to be that I believe animals are less morally important than human behings; and when it comes to defending such a belief, even to myself, I have to acknowledge that (a) I have an obvious selfish interest in this belief, since I like to eat certain kinds of animals and want to be able to keep doing it, and (b) I haven't succeeded in working out any sort of personal ethical system in which the belief is truly defensible instead of just selfishly convenient.
Denis Leary|Temptation's something you have to deal with even if you're not famous. It's harder when you're famous because it's a lot more in your face, and that makes it a little more difficult to walk away from sometimes.
Wilkie Collins|mong the hundred thousand mysterious influences which a man exercises over a woman who loves him, I doubt if there is any more irresistible to her than the influence of his voice. I am not one of those women who shed tears on the smallest provocation: it is not in my temperament, I suppose. But when I heard that little natural change in his tone my mind went back (I can't say why) to the happy day when I first owned that I loved him. I burst out crying.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|The pain of severe depression is quite unimaginable to those who have not suffered it, and it kills in many instances because its anguish can no longer be borne. The prevention of many suicides will continue to be hindered until there is a general awareness of the nature of this pain.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, take note of what gets you offended quickly and never go there or let it come to you.
Kelly Creagh, Oblivion|Though Isobel could recall only a few specifics regrading the appearance of Poe's wife-a handful of vague characteristics picked up during her study with Varen, retained from the one or two glimpses she'd had for her portraits- Scrimshaw, it seemed, had forgotten nothing.
Joseph Brodsky|American poetry to me is a sort of relentless, nonstop sermon on human autonomy.
Donald Trump, Jr.|I'm certain that most couples expect to find intimacy in marriage, but it somehow eludes them.
Harvey Broome, Out Under Sky Of Great Smokies: A Personal Journal|May 27, 1941Sunday we encountered specimens of the rarely appearing yellow lady's slipper. This orchis is fragilely beautiful. One tends to think of it almost as a phenomenon, without any roots or place in the natural world. And yet it, too, has had its tough old ancestors which have eluded fires and drought and freezes to pass on in this lovely form the boon of existence. If a plant so delicately lovely can at the same time be so toughly persistent and resistant to all natural enemies, can we doubt that hopes for a better an more rational world may not also withstand all assaults, be bequeathed from generation to generation, and come ultimately to flower?President Roosevelt says he has not lost faith in democracy; nor have I lost faith in the transcendent potentialities of LIFE itself. One has but to look about him to become almost wildly imbued with something of the massive, surging vitality of the earth.
Peter Høeg|As a human being, we are on a continuous journey of self-discovery and experience.
Naomi Klein|When you buy a jacket, you pick the size to ensure it fits. Similarly, we live in a universe in which the amount of dark energy fits our biological make-up. If the amount of dark energy were substantially different from what we've measured, the environmental conditions would be inhospitable to our form of life.
Rex Tillerson|Mississippi's loose campaign finance laws allow lawyers and companies to contribute heavily to the judges they appear before. That is terrible for justice, since the courts are teeming with perfectly legal conflicts of interest.
Al-Mas'udi, From the Meadows of Gold|But no one wants to listen to our sad stories unless they are smoothed over with a joke or nice melody. And even then, not always. No one wants to hear a woman talking or writing about pain in a way that suggests that it doesn't end. Without a pat solution, silver lining, or happy ending we're just complainers -- downers who don't realize how good we actually have it.Men's pain and existential angst are the stuff of myth and legends and narratives that shape everything we do, but women's pain is a backdrop- a plot development to push the story along for the real protagonists. Disrupting that story means we're needy or shellfish, or worst of all, man-haters - as if after all men have done to women over the ages the mere act of not liking them for it is most offensive.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|Dreams keep us motivated and goals keep us going. But we gotta take action to achieve our goals, to make our dreams come true.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|The shortest distance between two points is a time line, a schedule, a map of your time, the itinerary for the rest of your life.Nothing shows you the straight line from here to death like a list.
Matthew Kadow|live a death, die a death
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Walk with me now into this very bright night, and revere with me in silence what must be God-given and what is surely God-taken.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|It has its dark splendor, to walk the nightmare terrain forever.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To seek truth requires one to ask the right questions. Those void of truth never ask about anything because their ego and arrogance prevent them from doing so. Therefore, they will always remain ignorant. Those on the right path to Truth are extremely heart-driven and childlike in their quest, always asking questions, always wanting to understand and know everything — and are not afraid to admit they don't know something. However, every truth seeker does need to breakdown their ego first to see Truth. If the mind is in the way, the heart won't see anything.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|When we were little, Scarlett and I were utterly convinced that we'd originally been one person in our mother's belly. We believed that somehow, half of us wanted to be born and half wanted to stay. So our heart had to be broken in two so that Scarlett could be born first, and then I finally braved the outside world a few years later. It made sense, in our pig-tailed heads--it explained why, when we ran through grass or danced or spun in circle long enough, we would lose track of who was who and it started to feel as if there were some organic, elegant link between us, our single heart holding the same tempo and pumping the same blood. That was before the attack, though. Now our hearts link only when we're hunting, when Scarlett looks at me with a sort of beautiful excitement that's more powerful than her scars and then tears after a Fenris as though her life depends on its death. I follow, always, because it's the only time when our hearts beat in perfect harmony, the only time when I'm certain, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that we are one person broken in two.
Debasish Mridha|If you ever feel the need of my love, just open the window. My heart will always be there.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|We do not admire, we hardly excuse, the fanatic who wrecks this world for love of the other but what are we to say of the fanatic who wrecks this world out of hatred for the other? He sacrifices the very existence of humanity's to the idleness of the altar and the emptiness of the throne. He is ready to ruin even that primary ethic by which all things live, for his strange and eternal vengeance upon someone who never lived at all.
Munia Khan|Sitting in a corner, I live like a toad Oh! How I love my room: my tiny abode! Here I wake up; and I sleep in hereThe world far away; yet virtually near Not that I'm jailed in this place of graceJust don't want to face another face
Munia Khan|If you feel all damp and lonely like a mushroom, find the thick, creamy soup of joyfulness and just dive into it in order to make life tastier
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|Hurry up, before there's no more night left.
Israelmore Ayivor|Be positive in your thoughts, passionate in your words and purposeful in your actions. Clean thoughts, Cool words and Clear actions are the impressions that appeal to success.
Christina Enevoldsen|The quality of health care continues to improve, and people are living longer, but these developments mean that we’re likely to eventually find ourselves in a situation in which we’re forced to make difficult choices about our parents, other loved ones, or even ourselves that ultimately boil down to calculations of worth and value.
Ian Fleming, From Russia With Love|Clusters of bats hung like bunches of withered grapes from the roof and when, from time to time, either Kerim's head or Bond's brushed against them, they exploded twittering into the darkness.
Leon Trotsky, History of the Russian Revolution|Every moment is a fresh new beginning, a wonderful inauguration of the great cosmic journey through the universe. We can do whatever we want. We can change reality at any moment.
darwin araman ergina|as i sit here looking at the window, i feel broken and empty.
Wilhelm von Humboldt|People seldom refuse help, if one offers it in the right way.
Milan Kundera, The Joke|Their message will never be decoded, not only because there is no key to it, but also because people have no patience to listen to it in an age when the accumulation of messages old and new is such that their voices cancel one another out. Today history is no more than a thin thread of the remembered stretching over an ocean of the forgotten, but time moves on, and an epoch of millennia will come which the inextensible memory of the individual will be unable to encompass; whole centuries and millennia will therefore fall away, centuries of painting and music, centuries of discoveries, of battles, of books, and this will be dire, because man will lose the notion of his self, and his history, unfathomable, unencompassable, will shrivel into a few schematic signs destitute of all sense.
Donald G. Firesmith, Demons on the Dalton|As long as we’re comparing analogies,” Jack added, “how about this one? A person being chased by a bear doesn’t have to be able to run faster than the bear. He only has to be faster than his slowest companion. Driver picks. I’m going to catch up with the convoy, find a way to pass several of the cars, and not be last in line.
Michel de Montaigne, The Essays: A Selection|The most fruitful and natural exercise for our minds is, in my opinion, conversation.
Rudolf Steiner|Science is not only a disciple of reason but, also, one of romance and passion.
Mary Oliver|Still, what I want in my lifeis to be willingto be dazzled—to cast aside the weight of factsand maybe evento float a littleabove this difficult world.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Major Works|There are all kinds of ways to be in the world. And no matter what has happened to us, or what we have been told, or what we have believed, we get to choose our way.
Kelly Moran, An Insomniac's Dream: A Collection of Poems and Short Stories|Before she knew it, she was just another set of eyes in a dusty attic, waiting for the stairs to creak.
Robert Arthur, The Secret of Terror Castle|Disembodied spirits,” said his partner, “are not known to use telephones. Neither are spooks, phantoms, or werewolves.” “That was in the old days. Why shouldn’t they change with the times and be modern, too?
Andrea Hairston, Redwood and Wildfire|We have nothing to speak about. There never was. Words are an unnecessary trouble. Expression is time wasting away. Any communication is just a yelp in the darkness. I am speaking now but I am saying nothing. I am just making noises, and, as it happens, they are organized in words and you should not draw meaning from this.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|Maybe I needed sensitivity training. I once signed up for an anger management class, but the instructor pissed me off.
Mae Jemison|Inanimate objects can be classified scientifically into three major categories; those that don't work, those that break down and those that get lost.
Shaye Evans|I’ll see you later,” I murmured.“Yeah.” Our foreheads pressed together. Our lips lingered half an inch apart. Thin ropes of dark hair hung over his forehead as sweat glistened across his face in the streetlights. “Love you.”“Love you more,” he murmured.
Donna Rice|I was about to get a degree in economics when I accepted that I'd be a lousy businessman, and if I didn't give acting a try I'd regret it for the rest of my life.
Emily Bronte|In my mind's eye, I visualize how a particular... sight and feeling will appear on a print. If it excites me, there is a good chance it will make a good photograph. It is an intuitive sense, an ability that comes from a lot of practice.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Manlius ... took care in his invitations, actively sought to exclude from his circle crude and vulgar men like Caius Valerius. But they were all around; it was Manlius who lived in a dream world, and his bubble of civility was becoming smaller and smaller. Caius Valerius, powerful member of a powerful family, had never even heard of Plato. A hundred, even fifty years before, such an absurdity would have been inconceivable. Now it was surprising if such a man did know anything of philosophy, and even if it was explained, he would not wish to understand.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|I couldn't find my cup of tea.So probably, I've been simply taking a sip from everyone else's cup. May be it shouldn't matter as long as there is tea to drink. Or should it?
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Circle of Trust|They say that love is finding your soul’s match in another. I found my match. I found him,let him wrestle me to the ground, and then turned around and made him mine. I’m so gladthat I didn’t scare him off, I’m so glad that he didn’t stop chasing.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Well, it's not easy to find something that you do not know exists.
Michael Moore|If I were a capitalist I would not give my employees health insurance with no deductible, which I do, including dental, and paid pregnancy leave. That's not called capitalism, that's called being a Christian and someone who believes in democracy, so that everyone should get a fair slice of the pie.
Jasper Fforde, The Fourth Bear|PDR: Persons of Dubious Reality; refugees from the collective consciousness. Uninvited visitors who have fallen through the grating that divides the real, from the written. They arrive with their actions hardwired due to their repetitious existence and the older and more basic they are, the more rigidly they stick to them. Characters from cautionary tales are particularly mindless; they do what they do because it's what they've always done.And it's our job to stop them.
Stephen Richards|By today’s standards, if you go by the early morning TV misery shows, my broken home family of mixed parentage siblings was quite normal.
Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend|She was an idiot. An adorable, gorgeous, feisty, funny, sweet, sexy idiot.
Debasish Mridha|When you are giving, your mind grows wings of joy to fly.
Jennifer McMahon, Island of Lost Girls|And as Rhonda told the story, she thought: this is how the past gets passed down. This is how memories are made. Half-invented, embellished, given a touch of whimsy. Daniel would be a saint now that he was dead. A beautiful man who made his child wings.
Abeba Habtu, Become Courageous Abeba: A Story of Love, Loss, War and Hope|Child who does not play is not a child, but the man who does not play has lost forever the child who lived within him and who he will miss terribly
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|For what am I to myself without You, but a guide to my own downfall?
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|We had been younger. Yup, you can grow a lot in the blink of an eye.
Guy Johnson|I had sort of had a 21st birthday when I was 17, 18 years old living in Japan. I had all of that stuff sort of happen earlier for me, which happens to a lot of people. My 21st birthday was just a little boring. Not a great story.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|You’re mental,” said George, trying to push it back at Harry.“No, I’m not,” said Harry. “You take it, and get inventing. It’s for the joke shop.”“He is mental,” Fred said in an almost awed voice. [Goblet of Fire]
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|After all, you can't truly be happy if you've never known pain. You can't truly feel joy if you've never felt heartbreak. You can't know what it's like to be filled unless you've been empty.
Thomas Fuller|I loved the Kennedy Center Honors because you just sit there, smile, wave, and cry.
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|Anyone can stay up late, but only the disciplined can get up early.
H.P. Lovecraft|A serious adult story must be true to something in life. Since marvel tales cannot be true to the events of life, they must shift their emphasis towards something to which they can be true; namely, certain wistful or restless moods of the human spirit, wherein it seeks to weave gossamer ladders of escape from the galling tyranny of time, space, and natural law.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The only recourse for an escape artist from world affairs is to explore their inner sanctum where hopes, dreams, insecurities, and despair collide.
Kinky Friedman|Love me or hate me, both are in my favour. If you love me, I will always be in your heart, and if you hate me, I will be in your mind.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.
Joel Osteen|No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things.
Nora Roberts, The Search|Everything I know, I learned from dogs.
Auliq Ice|If it's me who loves you, you'll know, as I will tell it you in my own words.
Ray LaMontagne|You lose or you win the fight - and anything in life - in your mind. I can look at how the person walks, how he speaks, his expressions. It's a wisdom. Eyes are the mirror of the soul. So you can read a lot.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|The first serious consciousness of Nature's gesture - her attitude towards life-took form then as a phantasm, a nightmare, all insanity of force. For the first time, the stage-scenery of the senses collapsed; the human mind felt itself stripped naked, vibrating in a void of shapeless energies, with resistless mass, colliding, crushing, wasting, and destroying what these same energies had created and labored from eternity to perfect.
Chloe Thurlow, A Girl's Adventure|Although her eyes are neither golden nor heavenly blue, Terri Stambaugh has the vision of an angel, for she sees through you and knows your truest heart, but loves you anyway, in spite of all the ways that you have fallen from a state of grace.
Rom Watangu|If we believe that murder is wrong and not admissible in our society, then it has to be wrong for everyone, not just individuals but governments as well.
Lara Campbell McGehee|I believe one of the important differences between creating literature and just telling a story around the campfire is that in literature you’re recreating the experience of life, not just relaying a ‘this happened, then that happened’ kind of narrative. The specific details and layers of depth that make the world of the story — and what the character is experiencing in that world — as real as possible are elements I love as a reader and, consequently, elements I strive to use effectively as a writer.
Ada Calhoun, Wedding Toasts I'll Never Give|Failure is part of being human, and it is definitely part of being married.
José María Merino|For the discovery of self we have to overcome the fear of self, so as to find the marrow ‘within’ and disclose our ‘true’ self. ("Everybody his story")
J.D.  Crighton|Enthusiasm is highly contagious, so what are you waiting for? Contaminate your students
Avina Celeste|When you hide your flaws you only give them the power to dominate your life. Every time that you fake who you are to cover your flaws, they become stronger and visible to your own eye. You become comfortable with working every day to hide them from everyone else's view. And maybe you try to show the world those flaws but they are rejected because you've hidden them for so long that they couldn't possibly be a true part of you. But then, you show them to the world every day, day after day, and they finally start to disappear from view because they really never were a really big deal in the first place. Accept your flaws or you will never truly be able to live with them.
David Baldacci, The Target|Politics is a dirty, ruthless business, Agent Robie. It makes the intelligence sector look relatively honorable by comparison.
Loriliai Biernacki, Renowned Goddess of Desire: Women, Sex, and Speech in Tantra|So what is transgressive in the practice of this secret Tantra is the gesture not to elide the difference that women present. What does this mean? That women represent not merely objects, property, or the possibility of sexual gratification, but an opening point to the possibility of difference as the subjectivity of the other. . .Rather, a recognition of the difference women present offers the possibility of a choice not to objectify women. This recognition recodes gendered relations inscribing woman discursively in the place of the subject.
Will Storr|Just out of high school, you didn't realize you were creating drama for the sake of drama.
Cornell Woolrich, The Cornell Woolrich Omnibus: Rear Window and Other Stories / I Married a Dead Man / Waltz into Darkness|Exercise has a direct brain connection, when you consider what it actually does. What we tend to overlook are the feedback loops that connect the brain to every cell in the body. Therefore when you throw a ball, run on a treadmill, or jog along the shore, billions of cells are "seeing" the outside world. The chemicals transmitted form the brain are acting the way sense organs do, making contact with the outside world and offering stimulation from that world.This is why the jump from being sedentary to doing a minimal amount of exercise - such as walking, light gardening, and climbing the stairs instead of taking the elevator - is so healthy. Your cells want to be part of the world.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Man is slave of emotions when they arise, and master of them when they don't.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Lies, greed, pettiness, and ugly emotions ensnare a person. We are free people whom construct our own cages that we allow to suppress our vital instinct to live a wholesome life. Truth telling demands an awareness of what sins cage a person in. Truthfulness also commands that a person fess up to the role that he or she played in scripting unpleasant scenes in a tarnished personal history.
W. C. Fields|When I die, I hope to go to Heaven, whatever the Hell that is.
Nicola Barker, The Yips|Delphine witnessed awful things occurring to other humans. Worse than that, she was powerless to alter their fate. It would be that way all her life--disasters, falling like chairs all around her, falling so close they disarranged her hair, but not touching her.
Pat Conroy, Beach Music|Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are, and what they ought to be.
Sappho, Sappho: A New Translation|SakeThe jewel which brightly shines at nightIs precious, but cannot measure up To the delights of drinking sake,Drowning one's troubles in the cup. Otomo no Tabito
Thomas Jefferson|Experience demands that man is the only animal which devours his own kind, for I can apply no milder term to the general prey of the rich on the poor.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You know what's lame, Pudge? I really care about her. I mean, we were hopeless. Badly matched. But still. I mean, I said I loved her... I mean, it's stupid to miss someone you didn't even get along with. but I don't know, it was nice, you know, having someone you could always fight with.
Jerry Seinfeld|Governments are deemed to succeed or fail by how well they make money go round, regardless of whether it serves any useful purpose. They regard it as a sacred duty to encourage the country’s most revolting spectacle: the annual feeding frenzy in which shoppers queue all night, then stampede into the shops, elbow, trample and sometimes fight to be the first to carry off some designer junk which will go into landfill before the sales next year. The madder the orgy, the greater the triumph of economic management.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|... In the chamber of death... I see a repose that neither earth nor hell can break, and I feel an assurance of the endless and shadowless hereafter-the Eternity they have entered-where life is boundless in its duration, and love in its sympathy, and joy in its fullness... One might doubt in seasons of cold reflection; but not then in the presence of her corpse. It asserted its own tranquility, which seemed a pledge of equal quiet to its former inhabitant.
Elizabeth Peters, The Mummy Case|Marriage, in my view, should be a balanced stalemate between equal adversaries.
H.G. Wells, You Can't Be Too Careful|But in the Gulf you got time. And I'm figuring all the time. I've got to think right all the time. I can't make a mistake. Not a mistake. Not once. Well, I got something to think about now all right. Something to do and something to think about besides wondering what the hell's going to happen. Besides wondering what's going to happen to the whole damn thing.
Nikki Reed|I am Jewish, but I love Christmas, as most Jews with any taste do, because Hanukkah is lame.
William Hurrell Mallock, In an Enchanted Island Or A Winter's Retreat In Cyprus|The landscape of the mind, against which our thoughts and expectations move, when the wind of the imagination is active, changes as quickly as the clouds; and indeed it consists often of several landscapes, semi-transparent and showing through one another.
Geoff Dyer, Jeff in Venice, Death in Varanasi|So why aren’t more marketing companies targeting our age group? Why are there so many youth-oriented programs and advertisements on television today? Why are we being ignored? Don’t companies realize they are missing a huge market?Now granted, a visit to the local mall will show you there are a lot of teenagers hanging out there these days. But are they shopping? Are they spending money? No. They’re “hanging.” Contrary to what our skin might be doing, we members of the over-forty crowd don’t “hang.” We shop, and not just window shop either. We’re serious buyers. When we pick up an item and turn it over to see the price, we often carry it right on over to the checkout counter and pay for it. Why? Because we know the energy involved with picking up items. We don’t do it unless we’re committed.
Oliver|She looked into his eyes, hoping he could give her something to hang on to. His response saddened her. "No. I wish I could give you a better answer, but I don't have it all planned out. I just try to be best I can today. Things like being happy, having a good time, have different definitions for me than they used to. Before you start trying to have a good time or figure out where you're going, first find out who you are. If you don't like yourself, that's the starting point, not the end point.
Kathy Griffin, Official Book Club Selection: A Memoir According to Kathy Griffin|Of course, I’ve told Jesus to suck it, too, which earned me a certain measure of notoriety, because you have to make fun of any religion that would let you have sixteen kids and say it’s God’s will.
Margaret Peterson Haddix|She was stung by sharp regret thinking about the sheets and tablecloths, so costly and never used due to excessive regard.
Carl von Clausewitz, On War|There are roads which must not be followed, armies which must be not attacked, towns which must not be besieged, positions which must not be contested, commands of the sovereign which must not be obeyed.
E'yen A. Gardner, Detox 21: 21 day cleansing of the soul|Forgiveness is a process that we have to learn to act upon daily. Anger is weakened by forgiveness. When you forgive, you free yourself from carrying around the torment that the offense has caused you.
Eric Ries|I believe in trusting men, not only once but twice - in giving a failure another chance.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Self-knowledge, a spiritual metamorphosis, precedes understanding other people and comprehending the beauty of being part of the spontaneous interplay of the natural world.
The Nyghtlie Poet|my blog, a boat that contains my perceptions + truths; set to sail on an endless journey into eternity.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Feeling lonely? Wish you had a special someone to help fill the void? Reconsider your definition of romance, reconnect to your passions and be swept away.
Tomu Ohmi, Midnight Secretary, Vol. 05|I am... me. No matter what I say or do, I'm still me. That 's what Satozuki told me once. The things I feel, the things I do... Being a vampire, Being a man, being betrayed by my mother... when all those things come together, they make up "me." But none of these things taken separately. I'm just me.
J. Lincoln Fenn, Poe|There are so many ways to exit towards the Light, but with my luck, I'd be the one electrocuted by Diwali lights. Or the one who cracks her head falling off a footstool. I'd still be a jester, leaving the audience with a stitch in their sides.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|I'm like a machine being run over its RPM limit. The bearings are overheating: a minute longer and the metal will melt and start dripping and that will be the end of everything. I need a splash of cold water, logic; I pour it on in buckets but the logic hisses on the hot bearings and dissipates in the air as a fleeting white mist
Harrish Sairaman|Observe her when she has some knitting, or some other woman's work in hand, and sits the image of peace, calmly intent on her needles and her silk, some discussion meantime going on around her, in the course of which peculiarities of character are being developed, or important interests canvassed; she takes no part in int; her humble, feminine mind is wholl with her knitting; none of her features move; she neither presumes to smile approval, nor frown disapprobation; her little hands assiduously ply their unpretending task; if she can only get this purse finished, or this bonnet-grec completed, it is enough for her.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What adjective can be used for a nation who is consistently fooled, recurrently deceived by the crafty politicians? Goofy? Very light! Fool? Not enough! Brainless? Yes, that is the very adjective!
L.L. Caulton|Let go yesterday and hold out for tomorrow, the future is in the palm of your hand.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|What is in mind is a sort of Chautauqua...that’s the only name I can think of for it...like the traveling tent-show Chautauquas that used to move across America, this America, the one that we are now in, an old-time series of popular talks intended to edify and entertain, improve the mind and bring culture and enlightenment to the ears and thoughts of the hearer. The Chautauquas were pushed aside by faster-paced radio, movies and TV, and it seems to me the change was not entirely an improvement. Perhaps because of these changes the stream of national consciousness moves faster now, and is broader, but it seems to run less deep. The old channels cannot contain it and in its search for new ones there seems to be growing havoc and destruction along its banks. In this Chautauqua I would like not to cut any new channels of consciousness but simply dig deeper into old ones that have become silted in with the debris of thoughts grown stale and platitudes too often repeated.
George Murray Levick|I asked a girl once why she was vegetarian. I said, is it because you love animals? And she replied, no it's because I had plants. To that I said, don't ever let someone take you to see the Palace Gardens- you'd both end up in jail.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|In her experience, groups of friends like that just didn't open up to include underage, undersized geeks like her. They hadn't sounded mean, they just sounded — self-confident. Something she wasn't.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Those, therefore, who effect to despise "profane" Science are themselves despicable. It is their own incapacity for true Thought of any serious kind, their vanity and pertness; nay more also! their own subconsciousness sense of their own shame and idleness, that induces them to build these flimsy fortification of pretentious ignorance.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|Like, love, follow, friend, and share positive content for good Netiquette. NetworkEtiquette.net
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|If she hasn't learned to appreciate my sterling character and spectacular good looks by this time, it's not likely she will.
Harry Emerson Fosdick|I've been a Dolphin for 17 years, and I'll be a Dolphin for the rest of my life. That will never change.
E.M. Forster|But nothing in India is identifiable, the mere asking of a question causes it to disappear and merge into something else.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Oh, are you doing magic? Let’s see it, then.”She sat down. Ron looked taken aback.“Er — all right.”He cleared his t
Stanisław Lem|No one reads; if someone does read, he doesn't understand; if he understands, he immediately forgets.
Kevin Hearne, Two Ravens and One Crow|God never estimates what we give from impulse. We are given credit for what we determine in our hearts to give; for the giving that is governed by a fixed determination. The Spirit of God revolutionises our philanthropic instincts. Much of our philanthropy is simply the impulse to save ourselves an uncomfortable feeling. The Spirit of God alters all that. As saints our attitude towards giving is that we give for Jesus Christ’s sake, and from no other motive. 
Paul Theroux, The Kingdom by the Sea|He had just compunction enough for having done nothing for his sisters himself, to be exceedingly anxious that everybody else should do a great deal.
Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other|Loving relationships, though necessary for life, health, and growth, are among the most complicated skills. Before we can be successful at achieving relationships, it is necessary that we broaden our understanding of how they work, what they mean and how what we do and believe can enhance or destroy them. We can accomplish this only if we are willing to put in the energy and take the time to study failed relationships as well as examine successful ones. Loving relationships cannot be taken lightly. Unless we are looking for pain, they must not be forever approached in a trial and error fashion. Too many of us have experienced the cost of these lackadaisical approaches in terms of tears, confusion and guilt.
Sylvain Neuvel, Waking Gods|He was Control, and he was in control.
Herbert Simon|As a business person, I want the world to share the prosperity together.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|I love New York. You can pop out of the Underworld in Central Park, hail a taxi, head down Fifth Avenue with a giant hellhound loping along behind you, and nobody even looks at you funny.Of course, the Mist helped. People probably couldn't see Mrs. O'Leary, or maybe they thought she was a large,loud,very friendly truck.
Chris Burkmenn|It's through the test, that we find our true strength.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to believe in your success, only then the world will believe you
Debasish Mridha|I may not give you as much love as you want, but I will give you as much as I have.
A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories|Blood is thicker than water, I know, but it's unnatural stuff to drink so much of. (“The Wife Of Ted Wickham”)
Violeta Parra|Saying his name stabbed my heart, like someone had ripped through my carefully stitched up world and exposed the infected, pulsing red tissue that I thought was healing. 
Richard H. Baker|Plastic surgery can't make you younger or more beautiful, because beauty is in your eyes, isn't it? It's in your soul; you can't strap it on.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|It is a dangerous position to be in when you can't see, can't hear and won't listen...
Janet Autherine, Growing into Greatness with God: 7 Paths to Greatness for our Sons and Daughters|To be truly great and greatly true Is to align your thoughts, words and actions in all you do
Lee Edward Födi, Kendra Kandlestar and the Shard from Greeve|Your problem, Kendra, is that you can easily imagine using magic. What you have to do now is imagine the magic itself.
Nancy Glynn, Black 21|Watch out for your daughters.The man is coming.He’ll promise you the world.But if you accept, there’s no turning back.Watch out for your daughters.Because here comes Jack.
Oprah Winfrey, The Uncommon Wisdom of Oprah Winfrey: A Portrait in Her Own Words|I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.
C.T. Studd|Some want to live within the soundOf church or chapel bell;I want to run a rescue shop,Within a yard of hell.
Wendy Card|It may be difficult, but thru sorrow, it’s important to find happiness in our memories and be very thankful to have them!
Ben Harper|I don't like to be labeled, to be anything. I've made the mistake before myself of labeling my music, but it's counter-productive.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|When you get right down to it, we don’t ever want to know one another too well. We want there to be that mystery. Where there’s mystery, there’s hope.
Aidan Donnelley Rowley, The Ramblers|Esme skips on ahead. Jumping from one foot to the other, as if she can see markings on the ground he can’t. She is constantly jumping and skipping and twirling with the lightness of falling snow, looking up at him bright with questions, tugging on his hand, dashing off with all the speed her body is capable of and then skipping on the spot up ahead as if consecrating it for his arrival. It is so easy to make her happy that it seems like cheating at times.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|I devised a test.I turned off the TV and instantly the snoring stopped. She began to move. When I felt her eyes about to open, I turned the TV back on and back to sleep she went. Then I'd turn it off and on - sometimes for millisecond - and she never failed me. Each time it was off, she's move and mutter - each time it was on, she'd sleep.By the time the headlights from Amy's Nova turned into our driveway, my suspicion had been confirmed. My mother has a more intimate, connected relationship with this television than she has ever had with me.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|For it is a fact that men must ejaculate in order to reproduce (although science may soon remove this necessity.) Women, on the other hand, do not need to achieve orgasm to reproduce. Men, therefore, have the clear advantage here, in that most of them find it very easy work to achieve sexual satisfaction.
Frank Abagnale|It's not easy to come somewhere new and have to find your place. You might feel someone doesn't like you, or you might need to find new friends. It's not easy, and I don't like this kind of thing. It's not easy, so you want to protect the players who are alone.
Amit Kalantri|As a general rule, in the world of magic, the most successful magician is the one who has enough patience to keep the secrets of his original magic effects.
Richie Norton|Everyone loves the idea of "disruption" in business, but no one likes it when it happens to them.
Jonas Mekas|Little Odessa. Of all my movies, it's the one that I still really love when I watch it and I'm pretty happy with what I didn in that.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Judge not, lest ye miss out on all the fun.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Do you still have any delusions? For instance, does the furniture threaten you like you said the bureau did at home?" "No, not really. That bureau at the end of my bed here got a little threatening the other day, but I got up and smacked it, and told it that it was nothing but a bureau, and it hasn't bothered me since.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|Love notes to my husband, Jeremiah Nii Mama Akita; I will always love you. I am grateful for a blessed life shared with you.
Henry James, Roderick Hudson|..if I dont do something on the grand scale, it is that my genius is altogether imitative, and that I have nor recently encountered any very striking models of grandeur.
Alice Hoffman, The Story Sisters|When I walk, I walk with you. Where I go, you're with me always.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|If you're honest, you sooner or later have to confront your values. Then you're forced to separate what is right from what is merely legal. This puts you metaphysically on the run. America is full of metaphysical outlaws.
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|One quick glance around the room and I realise that I have somehow stumbled into a wannabe serial killer convention. Every single person in the room looks as if they are concealing a weapon of some sort. My heart thuds rapidly in my chest as I sneak past an elderly man who grins lecherously at me, flashing his gold tooth. Oh dear God, I’m going to die!First, I get dumped – on my birthday no less – and now I’m going to get knifed in some seedy bar!
Tan Twan Eng, The Garden of Evening Mists|Are all of us the same, I wonder, navigating our lives by interpreting the silences between words spoken, analysing the returning echoes of our memory in order to chart the terrain, in order to make sense of the world around us?
Ally Carter|Not knowing you can't do something, is sometimes all it takes to do it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Wisdom cannot be bought from the walmart, it can only come from the Holy Spirit of God.
Ferdinand Marcos|Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions.
Jane Austen|I've yet to be on a campus where most women weren't worrying about some aspect of combining marriage, children, and a career. I've yet to find one where many men were worrying about the same thing.
Steven Magee|In the darkness with no ember, cold coals bear no flaming tinder. All the shadows, man resemble. In the darkness, wise men tremble. Prodigious foes made thee for pointless sake of prosaic power. Visited upon thyself no vestige of vision by late nights hour. In the stillness of normal eve, in longing for the night's reprieve. In air and earth arise a faint and subtle shift, tis follies gift. With tremulous breath, whisper faintly from thy spirits tower. 'Woe to me!', thy soul says. Cometh nigh, The Rez.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|It's been my Buckingham Palace, my White House, my Taj Mahal, so coming here today as a real member is - well, it's a big deal.
Gay Talese, Thy Neighbor's Wife|in a male-dominated world, Reich suggested, there was an “economic interest” in the continued role of women as “the provider of children for the state” and the performer of household chores without pay.
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Paulette awoke with an ache in her heart, a grinding in her gut. If there really was a God, why would He have let anyone put a child through that? …She had survived, but at what cost? She was an itinerant professor, living in her head, not her heart. She had broken away, but abandoned her sister; hadn’t contacted her family in years.Paulette wondered what she was looking for in these weekend workshops. Absolution wasn’t on the curriculum. What could she possibly hope to accomplish? To be a healer you need to connect with people. You need to touch, and let yourself be touched. And not just with your hands.Watching these nurses, she envied them their friendships. Here were real buddies truly caring about each other, taking jabs, sharing private jokes and fears. She’d never had that. Even witnessing it from across a room, or a yard, only made her feel that much more lonely.She got along with people well enough. Agreed with whatever they said, watched their pets, helped them move from one apartment to another. But no one really knew her.Paulette had never been flush with self-confidence. People took that as humility, but humility isn’t painful and crippling. She hadn’t yet learned that humble and self-destructive aren’t the same thing at all. They’re not even on the same team.And now here she was at a workshop for healers. Had she come here to heal; or to be healed?It was one of those warm, charming days that write poems about themselves, and then settle these very softly into your mind. Paulette sensed what felt like a rain-laced breeze stirring her soul; sodden, and yet beautiful; laden with both the dismal, and the promising.- From “The Gardens of Ailana”, a fiction largely based around adults still traumatized by having been abused as children, in the name of their parents’ religion.
Lee Child, Persuader|Today we say goodbye to a proud warrior. As we leave, each of us will take our members of [USS} Midway with us...you guys were the 'Magic.' It was a privilege to sail with you.
Helen Steiner Rice|Show Us, Don’t Tell Us
Emily Giffin, Heart of the Matter|One of life's gifts is that each of us, no matter how tired and downtrodden, finds reasons for thankfulness: for the crops carried in from the fields and the grapes from the vineyard.
Gugu Mona|Tact by its nature entails staying mum, prudently electing to forgo urging other people to pursue an alternative course of action. Creation of silent spaces in our own life and equitable distribution of periods of respite that allow for periods of equable inner reflection is necessary to spur personal growth. It is equally important to honor other people’s intrinsic need for periods of introspection, uninterrupted by unsolicited advice
Katherine Paterson|Growth is a panacea for many ills in society; not entirely, but many.
|No matter how strong you plan to be, you can never subdue the pain that comes with the grudges you refuse to let go.
Frank Wilczek|If you don’t make mistakes, you’re not working on hard enough problems
Lewis Spence, British Fairy Origins|Does it help?” he asks. “The e-mailing.”She nods. “A tiny bit. It’s strange. You’re writing a letter to someone who’s never going to read it, so it kind of frees you up a bit.
Jan Struther, Mrs. Miniver|This was the cream of marriage, this nightly turning out of the day's pocketful of memories, this deft habitual sharing of two pairs of eyes, two pairs of ears. It gave you, in a sense, almost a double life: though never, on the other hand, quite a single one.
Gail Carriger, Waistcoats & Weaponry|TESLA’S CAT[Nikola Tesla’s favorite childhood companion] was the family’s black cat, Macak. Macak followed young Nikola everywhere, and they spent many happy hours rolling on the grass. It was Macak the cat who introduced Tesla to electricity on a dry winter evening. “As I stroked Macak’s back,” he recalled, “I saw a miracle that made me speechless with amazement. Macak’s back was a sheet of light and my hand produced a shower of sparks loud enough to be heard all over the house.” Curious, he asked his father what caused the sparks. Puzzled at first, [his father] finally answered, “Well, this is nothing but electricity, the same thing you see through the trees in a storm.” His father’s answer, equating the sparks with lightning, fascinated the young boy. As Tesla continued to stroke Macak, he began to wonder, “Is nature a gigantic cat? If so, who strokes its back? It can only be God,” he concluded.
Rachel Carson, The Sea Around Us|It is a curious situation that the sea, from which life first arose should now be threatened by the activities of one form of that life. But the sea, though changed in a sinister way, will continue to exist; the threat is rather to life itself.
Diane Ackerman, A Natural History of Love|Love is the great intangible. In our nightmares, we can create beasts out of pure emotion. Hate stalks the streets with dripping fangs, fear flies down narrow alleyways on leather wings, and jealousy spins sticky webs across the sky. In daydreams, we can maneuver with poise, foiling an opponent, scoring high on fields of glory while crowds cheer, cutting fast to the heart of an adventure. But what dream state is love? Frantic and serene, vigilant and calm, wrung-out and fortified, explosive and sedate –love commands a vast army of moods. Hoping for victory, limping from the latest skirmish, lovers enter the arena once again. Sitting still, we are as daring as gladiators.
Charles Bukowski|You know when you're young and you see a play in high school, and the guys all have gray in their hair and they're trying to be old men and they have no idea what that's like? It's just that stupid the other way around.
James  Jones, The Thin Red Line|Fife... simply walked off by himself, into the jungle to look at all the things which would continue to exist after he had ceased to. There were a lot of them. Fife looked at them all. They remained singularly unchanged by his scrutiny.
Eric Holder|Ladies and gentlemen, it is with great sadness that I announce that I will resign as Australia's Minister for Foreign Affairs. I am sad because I love this job. I'm totally dedicated to the work that we are doing in Australia's name around the world, and I believe that we have achieved many good results for Australia, and I'm proud of them.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|I sat at the computer and started my BDSM research in earnest. I learned three things: I still very much like the idea of wielding the power, I do seem to have an inclination toward the opposite in spite of myself, and there are some things on the internet that you simply cannot unsee.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If anyone rises to power, it's not only because he could, but also because the stars were aligned in his favor. Many with apparent means to take it failed simply because they weren't destined for the honor
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|So your theory would seem to be that lying to yourself is no lie at all because you haven’t deceived any third party. And if you then convince yourself of those lies, you’ll believe them enough to repeat them to other with the genuine conviction that they’re true.” "Something like that,” I conceded uneasily.
Jorge Luis Borges, This Craft of Verse|Sometimes, looking at the many books I have at home, I feel I shall die before I come to the end of them, yet I cannot resist the temptation of buying new books. Whenever I walk into a bookstore and find a book on one of my hobbies — for example, Old English or Old Norse poetry — I say to myself, “What a pity I can’t buy that book, for I already have a copy at home.
Newt Gingrich|I've always found that once you're in the door of a place and you have the chance to show how you operate and how talented you are, then anything can happen.
Kingsley Amis, The New Oxford Book of Light Verse|It is not against the law to drink in public places, and you will see people drinking in parks or by the lake. The Swiss have a more relaxed attitude to alcohol consumption. From the age of 16, young people can be served beer or wine in a bar.
Sunday Adelaja|When you believe the truth about yourself, the truth that people are created to solve problems and overcome the limitations of their nature you make a name for yourself
William Blake|Alchemy is the art of far and near, and I think poetry is alchemy in that way. It's delightful to distort size, to see something that's tiny as though it were vast.
John Eldredge, Killing Lions: A Guide Through the Trials Young Men Face|She shelled the nuts and toasted them, jiggling them about in the pan. She sprinkled them with salt and ate them each by each. Some were bitter. Some were sweet. Some were hardly anything. That was just the way of things.
Herman Wouk, This Is My God: The Jewish Way of Life|Religious people tend to encounter, among those who are not, a cemented certainty that belief in God is a crutch for the weak and the fearful...Now the belief in God may turn out at the last trump to be a mistake. Meantime, let us be quite clear, it is not merely the comfort of the simple--though it is that too, much to its glory--it is a formidable intellectual position with which most of the first-class minds of the human race, century in and century out, have concurred, each in his own way....speaking of crutches--Freud can be a crutch, Marx can be a crutch, rationalism can be a crutch, and atheism can be two canes and a pair of iron braces. We none of us have all the answers, nor are we likely to have. But in the country of the halt, the man who is surest he has no limp may be the worst-crippled.
Dada Bhagwan|What harm does lying cause? One loses people’s trust. And once one loses trust, he becomes worthless.
Oussama Bounsir|There are people you're glad to have them in your life, and there are people, well they're only there, nothing more nothing less.
Andrew Bogut|Liberalism is an attitude rather than a set of dogmas - an attitude that insists upon questioning all plausible and self-evident propositions, seeking not to reject them but to find out what evidence there is to support them rather than their possible alternatives.
Leonard Woolf|The mere fact that a very large number of people believe such a thing and that the world would be a better place if it were true, is no reason for believing that it is true.
Harlan Ellison, Paingod and Other Delusions|I know that pain is the most important thing in the universes. Greater than survival, greater than love, greater even than the beauty it brings about. For without pain, there can be no pleasure. Without sadness, there can be no happiness. Without misery there can be no beauty. And without these, life is endless, hopeless, doomed and damned. Adult. You have become adult.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: Why Things Become Popular|Quality, it seems, is a necessary, but insufficient attribute for success.
Amy Lane, Under the Rushes|I was going to make him forget, too. He would forget every woman who came before me, every moment that I wasn’t a part of, every dream he had that didn’t include me. Starting now.
Boris Johnson|The cheaper the crook, the gaudier the patter.
Albert Camus|When you have once seen the glow of happiness on the face of a beloved person, you know that a man can have no vocation but to awaken that light on the faces surrounding him. In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The best thing about existence is that any moment in time can be a point of beginning to anything! In other words, every moment of our life holds a key for the unknown or the closed doors of new paths!
S.D.   Smith, The Black Star of Kingston|As she turns her head and focuses on me, I lift her palm to my mouth, press a kiss in its center. "You are so brave," I tell her, and then I smile. "When I grow up, I want to be just like you."To my surprise, Kate shakes her head hard. Her voice is a feather, a thread. "No Mommy," she says. "You'd be sick.
Rabbi Shaul David Judelman|I no longer want to see others as humans. I want to learn to see others as brothers, sisters, mothers, & fathers.
Taylor Lautner|The thing that I think a lot of guys need to know how to do is not take your mother's advice about honesty being the best policy. Listen to your cool, drunk uncle who tells you to lie. Those are the relationships that last.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|Just then they were both vulnerable, and the only thing standing between them and our enemies, was me.It seemed nobody wanted to take those odds because no one approached. I was mildly flattered.
Neal Stephenson, The Diamond Age: or, A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer|Nell," the Constable continued, indicating through his tone of voice that the lesson was concluding, "the difference between ignorant and educated people is that the latter know more facts. But that has nothing to do with whether they are stupid or intelligent. The difference between stupid and intelligent people—and this is true whether or not they are well-educated—is that intelligent people can handle subtlety. They are not baffled by ambiguous or even contradictory situations—in fact, they expect them and are apt to become suspicious when things seem overly straightforward.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Let him become a fool, that he may become wise.
George Gaylord Simpson, The Meaning of Evolution: A Study of the History of Life and of Its Significance for Man, Revised Edition|Man has risen, not fallen. He can choose to develop his capacities as the highest animal and to try to rise still farther, or he can choose otherwise. The choice is his responsibility, and his alone. There is no automatism that will carry him upward without choice or effort and there is no trend solely in the right direction. Evolution has no purpose; man must supply this for himself. The means to gaining right ends involve both organic evolution and human evolution, but human choice as to what are the right ends must be based on human evolution.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|Even the Sun gets tired of rising, but he does it out of love for the Earth...
Anne Fortier, The Lost Sisterhood|Do you know, I began to see what marriage is for. It’s to keep people away from each other. Sometimes I think that two people who love each other can be saved from madness only by the things that come between them—children, duties, visits, bores, relations—the things that protect married people from each other. We’ve been too close together—that has been our sin. We’ve seen the nakedness of each other’s souls.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|If no one loved, the sun would go out.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|Are you insinuatin' that my daughter is a liar?""Oh, no, not at all. I'm saying your daughter is a liar. Surely you can appreciate the difference.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|When you learn something new, the structure of your brain changes.
Avijeet Das|At times all you need is a bottle of fine old wine, a mellifluous piece of music playing in the background and a good book to spend the entire night in a magical bliss!
Debasish Mridha|Those who love you, you are living in their love. Those who hate you, them, you have to love.
Shannon L. Alder|Winning is not about a single game. It's about repeated performance over a long haul. Winners never give up, never accept defeat, and work as long and as hard as it takes to get the job done right. They say, "Don't tell me why I can't do it. Tell me how I can get it done" You have the winner's DNA...take massive action and never give up!
Edward Rutherfurd, Paris|To know Paris, Bruno began, pulling on his cigarette, you need to relax, have a glass of wine, and enjoy life.
Alyxandra Harvey, Out for Blood|Lovely Arra Sails,nectar to all males,how I'd like to spear you like a whaler spears a whale!
Knut Hamsun, Mysteries|Back then: to be regarded as well-known, one had to be great. Today: to be regarded as great, one has to be well-known.
Cassandra Clare, The Midnight Heir|We are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.” -
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|I really am a little afraid, my dear,” hinted the cherub meekly, “that you are not enjoying yourself?”“On the contrary,” returned Mrs. Wilfer, “quite so. Why should I not?”“I thought, my dear, that perhaps your face might—““My face might be a martyrdom, but what would that import, or who should know it, if I smiled?”And she did smile; manifestly freezing the blood of Mr. George Sampson by so doing. For that young gentleman, catching her smiling eye, was so very much appalled by its expression as to cast about in his thoughts concerning what he had done to bring it down upon himself.
Mark Twain|High and fine literature is wine, and mine is only water; but everybody likes water.
Paula Altenburg, The Demon's Daughter|We all have our demons, I just happen to exorcise mine by writing them out.
Hugh Lofting, The Story of Doctor Dolittle|But I have already told the beginning, so right now it's the middle. And Zeb is in the middle of the story about Zeb. He is in the middle of his own story.I am not in this part of the story; it hasn't come to the part with me. But I'm waiting, far off in the future. I'm waiting for the story of Zeb to join up with mine. The story of Toby. The story I am in right now, with you.
Sarah Alderson, Conspiracy Girl|In his arms I’ve finally found the place I’ve been looking for, where fear can’t touch me, where memories can’t reach, where the past is forgotten and the present is enough. Where the present is, in fact, all that matters.
Flynn Meaney, The Boy Recession|When adults say, 'Teenagers think they are invincible' with that sly, stupid smile on their faces, they don't know how right they are. We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken. We think that we are invincible because we are. We cannot be born, and we cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations. They forget that when they get old. They get scared of losing and failing. But that part of us greater than the sum of our parts cannot begin and cannot end, and so it cannot fail.
نزار قباني|When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom.
Anonymous|Religion is like a blind man looking in a black room for a black cat that isn't there, and finding it.
Tunk|I am a religious man! The only thing is, that in my religion, I am the God!
Bob Woodward, Obama's Wars|Finally, the president added, 'The American people are idealists, but they also want their leaders to be realistic...
Oswald Chambers, Bringing Sons Into Glory and Making All Things New|The main characteristic which is the proof of the indwelling Spirit is an amazing tenderness in personal dealing, and a blazing truthfulness with regard to God’s Word.
Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times|Rather than going after these walls and barriers with a sledgehammer, we pay attention to them. With gentleness and honesty, we move closer to those walls. We touch them, and smell them and get to know them well. We become familiar with the strategies and beliefs we use to build these walls: what are the stories we tell ourselves? What repels me and what attracts me? Without calling what we see right or wrong, we simply look as objectively as we can. We can observe ourselves with humor, not getting overly serious, moralistic or uptight about the investigation. Year after year, we train in remaining open and receptive to whatever arises. Slowly, very slowly, the cracks in the walls seem to widen and, as if by magic, bodhichitta is able to flow freely.
Craig Smedley, Quantum Orchestra: distorting the notes of reality|If the true nature of everything isn't extraordinary, then God would be ordinary.
Giselle Fox, Claire and the Lady Billionaire 2|She slapped my shoulder playfully. "I've created a monster," she said, then she nestled into the chair and rested her head on my shoulder, "an adorable, sexy monster.
Dada Bhagwan|It is very wrong to make fun of anyone because you make fun of the Lord residing within. It doesn’t matter if it is a donkey, but after all, (finally) who is he? He is God.
Tao Lin, Bed|I won,” said Chelsea’s dad, and went to give Chelsea a high-five, but missed, as they were standing too close.“My fault,” he said. “That was my fault.”“Oh,” Chelsea said.And he stepped back a little and tried again, but Chelsea, distracted now by something—maybe the plant in the far corner, standing and waiting like a person in a dream; or maybe the green shoe or some other thing that was out there and longing, to be looked at, and taken—wasn’t ready, and their hands, his then hers, passed through the air in a kind of wave, a little goodbye.
Xi Ni Er, The Earnest Mask|I can smell the ocean in the distance. The salt wraps around my body, making my skin feel tight, and already I want to shower. I can do big cities, and small cities, and the even the occasional mountaintop is cool. But oceans are ridiculous. They take up way too much space in this overcrowded world and are filled with creatures that have several sets of teeth, like one row of man-eating teeth isn’t enough. And just to add insult to injury, all that water isn’t even drinkable. If you ask me, the ocean is kind of a prick.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Notorious Pleasures|If I'm good enough to bed, surely I'm good enough to wed.
R. N. Prasher|In some languages (Hindi is one), every perception is called "seeing". Maybe, the trick is to rely on the eyes less and less as one perceives more and more.
Dodie Smith|The family - that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to.
Mensah Oteh|Life is beautiful, so celebrate it like the gift that it is.
Jana Elston|Your skin has a memory.In ten, twenty, thirty years from now, your skin will show the results ofhow it was treated today.So treat it kindly and with respect.
Jonathan Edwards|You're a miracle, Walker. Your fingers are. Your toes are. Your crushing sadness and guilt are.
Christopher Stocking, His Only Star|Gina was beautiful like a sunset. You see it and you think of how beautiful it is, and then it’s over and you move on. But Trista was beautiful like a song. The kind of song you play over and over and never get sick of hearing. The kind of song he wanted to write for her, but he knew he would never be able to string together the right combination of notes to show her how he really felt.
Donna Augustine, Redemption|The way I feel about you doesn't come with a set of restrictions. There are no rules that say if you do this or you don't do that, I won't care anymore. This is just an aspect of who you are and I love you for the entirety of you, not for the different pieces I can pull out.
John Woo|Wars are, of course, as a rule to be avoided; but they are far better than certain kinds of peace.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Isn't friendship amazing? At one time, our friends were just strangers to us. However, there was something special about these strangers; you felt a connection, something in common, a special bond, and your friendship began. What if, as we pass all of the ‘strangers’ in our lives, if we looked at these strangers as if they could be a friend? What a different world it would be….
Trieste Kelly Dunn|I eat every two hours. I sleep for eight hours. I have lots of water. I pray to keep calm. Most importantly, I have a smile on my face.
Thomas J. Watson|A Kiss concert experience is like sex or anything else that's done with more that one person. It's the give and take that makes it so great. When the audience takes it to the next level, we can kick it up another notch.
Neal Barnard|Oh, that lovely title, ex-president.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|For age is opportunity no less Than youth itself, though in another dress, And as the evening twilight fades away The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day.
Fritz Leiber|Growing up, I believed in miracles. I guess I don’t anymore.
Ryan Lilly|Quotes are echos of voices transporting wisdom, humor, and love. Returning again to the human condition, fleeting once more as a dove.
Isco|To a father, when a child dies, the future dies; to a child when a parent dies, the past dies.
Erasmus Darwin, The Botanic Garden A Poem in Two Parts. Part 1: the Economy of Vegetation|When the years are dying in the arms of your life,the earth is in pain moving around the sun.
Ren Warom, Escapology|How can she stand up there so tall as she’s telling us how her mother beat her and her father molested her when she was a little girl? How is it possible for her to look so proud? How is she not being consumed by shame? She should be disintegrating before our eyes. She should be struck by lightning, and God’s big, angry, booming voice should be shaking the room with “How dare you? I told you never to tell.” But that’s not her God, she says. Her God is loving and kind and wants what’s best for her. Her God loves peace and serenity and forgiveness. Her God doesn’t make her keep secrets. I thought I knew God all my life, but maybe it was some other guy the whole time. I want this God. I want Val’s God. I want a God who doesn’t make me jump through hoops and hate myself to earn his love.
Rosa Luxemburg|Strictly speaking, my interest is not in legal rights for animals but in a change of heart towards animals.
Bob Marley|You need to be able to fill that space on your own, Maddie. You should never have to rely on another person to make you feel whole. That life is dangerous.
Chris Burkmenn|It's not about the storms we go through, it's about the umbrella that gets us through.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever count his blessings, shall be content.
Simone Weil|From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots.
Peter Eisenman|But those musics do not address the larger kind of architecture in time that classical music does, whatever each one of us knows that classical music must mean.
Michelle Moran, Cleopatra's Daughter|What would yo do for a piece of forever? What would you do to love more,feel more, and live more?
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man cannot survive except by gaining knowledge, and reason is his only means to gain it. Reason is the faculty that perceives, identifies and integrates the material provided by his senses. The task of his senses is to give him the evidence of existence, but the task of identifying it belongs to his reason, his senses tell him only that something is, but what it is must be learned by his mind.
Richard C. Morais, The Hundred-Foot Journey|Every single element of this universe is interesting, all you need is to take a look.
Robin Rose Bennett, The Gift of Healing Herbs: Plant Medicines and Home Remedies for a Vibrantly Healthy Life|For all the secret societies lunatics out there who think they know anything, why don't you chill..We’re ALL guests on Earth, not Management.
Alamvusha|Maybe life isn't for everyone,Sometimes you do things to start anew life.But the new paths will always bring you back to the old ones or just show a glimpse of it so that you again go through those thousand memories.and no matter how much you try to get rid of the old shoe, Life will bring you to a certain point where you would want to throw off the new shoe and wear the old one back again..and Maybe, maybe you would or maybe you would not.For who knows, We re mysterious beings in these mysterious world trying to figure out our existence.
Ban Ki-moon|It's kind of a terrible irony, in a way, that the solution to America's problems was World War II.
Jon Meacham, American Gospel: God, the Founding Fathers, and the Making of a Nation|You know history better than I do, you've been teaching all your life. Without real opposition you get dictators down the line. Idi, Amin, Mugabe. No democracy without opposition.
Arthur W. Pink|And there he lay in his bed, a broken man, worn out by a way of life which had been thrust upon him because of the antics of a wayward pig.
Sid Meier|When you are kind to someone in trouble, you hope they'll remember and be kind to someone else. And it'll become like a wildfire.
Kevin Costner|I spent my entire youth in front of a TV watching old movies, and as soon as I was able to get a subway pass, when I was 14, I joined the Museum of Modern Art and was there all weekend watching old movies.
Joseph Lelyveld|Food is as important as energy, as security, as the environment. Everything is linked together.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To catch any fish, give it what it eats.
Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer|While women have come far in their ability to speak on their own behalf, there are many women who compromise what they want to say and what they actually say. Almost all women experience a dissonance between inner and outer. As a matter of emotional and sometimes physical survival, women have found it necessary to split their speech into two parts. One kind of speech is suppressed, occurring only in safe settings with intimates or within the ultimate safety of a woman's own mind.The second kind of speech is the publicly acceptable type that conforms to social expectations. The injunction to suppress certain feelings or thoughts can be so powerful that a woman may not be aware of it and may honestly believe that publicly acceptable speech is all she has in her. Carol Gilligan's work describes the destructive effects of this splitting of voice, especially in young girls who, as they embark on adolescence, have trouble speaking with clarity and strength. An emphasis on listening cultivates a stronger expression of voice. Listening is a crucial component in Imago Theory, where couples are taught to mirror, or repeat back, each other's thoughts, feelings, and needs as a way of building not only their partner's sense of self, but their own. Our core self becomes stronger when it is mirrored back. Voice that is not mirrored dies. When the process of mirroring is followed by validating and empathizing, a deep listening is done with feeling. All of us need validation -- that who we are, what we think, and how we feel does make sense. And the deepest form of listening is empathy, by which we are able to resonate on a soul level with the feelings and needs of one another.A wise proverb states that "Speech is silver, Silence is gold," reminding us of the forgotten value of silence. Feminist theorist Patrocinio Schweickart chose those words as the title of her article on talking and listening that parallels the inward and outward rhythm of Imago dialogue. She points our attention to the value of quiet as a tool that helps us notice the complex interplay of inner and outer that characterizes any creative process. For something new to happen, we need silence and receptivity as well as action and productivity. While some theorists see speaking as active and listening as passive, Schweickart and Imago Theory both point to the reality that both speaking and listening are active. Listening is a way of meaning-making. Theologian Nelle Morten refers to this dynamic as "hearing each other into speech."Ultimately, the development of authentic voice is a process that involves that involves a flow between speaking and listening. In listening, one becomes attuned to the surroundings so that speech becomes relevant and meaningful. This undulating rhythm of speaking and listening is the bedrock for dialogue in Imago Theory and for all of us who care about relationship.
E.J. Copperman, Old Haunts|There couldn't be a resolution, because life doesn't end on a schedule. It ends in the middle, every time.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|...frankly, many times, the people that we resent either have no idea about it or could care less.
Julia Kent, Shopping for a Billionaire|Josh is the company tech expert, which means we all think he’s a little bit shaman, a little bit magician, and mostly a nerd.
Graham Elliot|The cool thing about reading is that when you read a short story or you read something that takes your mind and expands where your thoughts can go, that's powerful.
Jeanne D'Albret|We have come to the determination to die, all of us, rather than abandon our God, and our religion.
Anika de Souza|When wisdom gives way to whimsy and ethics fall to excitement, it is highly likely that the ground beneath me will ‘give way’ and it is I who will ‘fall.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|Hopefully by next week the classes will have paid off and I'll be cooking gourmet.""Gourmet? From your cooking?" He pushed aside his computer, grabbed a paper plate, and started scoop0ing rice. "You shouldn't be able say those things in the same sentence.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your past is like a bag of bricks; set it down and walk away. Quit collecting every painful word, memory and mistake. Collect hope.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is cold, but I will put on my clothes and wear my shoes
Kate Avery Ellison, The Curse Girl|The Marquess shrugged. “I’m a shadow. I do know I am a shadow, Iago. I know most of the time. It’s only when I cannot bear how everyone looks at me down here that I make myself forget it. Shadows are the other side of yourself. I had longings to be good, even then. I was just stronger than my wanting. I’m stronger than anything, really, when I want to be.” The Marquess’s hair turned white as the snow. “Do you know, we’re right underneath Springtime Parish? This place is the opposite of springtime. Everything past prime, boarded up for the season. Just above us, the light shines golden on daffodils full of rainwine and heartgrass and a terrible, wicked, sad girl I can’t get back to. I don’t even know if I want to. Do I want to be her again? Or do I want to be free? I come here to think about that. To be near her and consider it. I think I shall never be free. I think I traded my freedom for a better story. It was a better story, even if the ending needed work.
Toni Sorenson|Success does just happen. It happens to those who desire, plan and work for it.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|I didn't answer. Just shook my head and let the tears roll. "I just want it to go away. I just want all the drama to stop. Nobody would believe me anyway," I whispered. "Nobody would care.
Gustavo Gutiérrez, A Theology of Liberation|Since the Enlightenment, the political order is an order of freedom. The political structures are no longer given, previous to man's freedom, but are rather realities based on freedom, taken on and modified by man. . . . This new definition of politics carefully distinguishes between state and society. The distinction . . . allows us to differentiate between the public sphere of the state of the Church (or the combination of them) as powers from the public sphere 'in which the interests of all men as a social group are expressed.
