Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Many look at the blessings in their lives—money, talent, love, abundance, and so on—and say, “I must be one of the chosen ones.”But the blessings in your life were not bestowed upon you to help you live a life of ease, but rather a life of service. You were chosen—chosen to serve.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Whenever you go on a trip to visit foreign lands or distant places, remember that they are all someone's home and backyard.
Shiri Eisner, Bi: Notes for a Bisexual Revolution|If the goal of feminism is to end patriarchy and gender-based oppression, then transgender politics supplies us one of the most important perspectives from which to view - and challenge - binary gender and gender-based oppression. As mentioned in previous chapters, if no clear distinction exists between "male" and "female," it becomes impossible to oppress people according to their gender. If we have no sole criterion for determining who is "man" and who is "woman," we can't know whose role it is to be oppressor, and whose to be oppressed.
David R. Wommack, Wommack's The Art of Parenting - Vol.1: Lessons from Parents and Mentors of Extraordinary Americans|The world's major religions: Same boss, different departments.
Ian McEwan, On Chesil Beach|You should be kissed and often, by someone who knows how.
Rosemary Nixon|What I have with you, I do not want with anyone else.
Karen Armstrong|When they have contemplated the world, human beings have always experienced a transcendence and mystery at the heart of existence. They have felt that it is deeply connected with themselves and with the natural world, but that it also goes beyond. However we choose to define it - it has been called God, Brahman, or Nirvana - this transcendence has been a fact of human life. We have all experienced something similar, whatever our theological opinions, when we listen to a great piece of music or hear a beautiful poem and feel touched within and lifted, momentarily, beyond ourselves. We tend to seek out this experience, and if we do not find it in one setting - in a church or synagogue, for example - we would look elsewhere.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I hear you knocking but I can't let you in. The last time almost killed me. Love, My heart
William Ernest Henley, Hawthorn and Lavender: With Other Verses|O, it's die we must, but it's live we can, And the marvel of earth and sun Is all for the joy of woman and man And the longing that makes them one.
Wilhelm von Humboldt, Humanist Without Portfolio: An Anthology of the writings of Wilhelm von Humboldt|Your Kentuckian of the present day is a good illustration of the doctrine of transmitted instincts and peculiarities. His fathers were mighty hunters, - men who lived in the woods, and slept under the free, open heavens, with the stars to hold their candles; and their descendant to this day always acts as if the house were his camp, - wears his hat at all hours, tumbles himself about, and puts his heels on the tops of chairs or mantel-pieces, just as his father rolled on the green sward, and put his upon trees or logs, - keep all the windows and doors open, winter and summer, that he may get air enough for his great lungs, - calls everybody "stranger", with nonchalant bonhommie, and is altogether the frankest, easiest, most jovial creature living.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|In all areas of your life, striving for proper posture can enhance your career, style and health.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Do you love me, Westley? Is that it?’	He couldn’t believe it. ‘Do I love you? My God, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches. If your love were—‘	‘I don’t understand the first one yet,’ Buttercup interrupted. She was starting to get very excited now. ‘Let me get this straight. Are you saying my love is the size of a grain of sand and yours is this other thing? Images just confuse me so—is this universal business of yours bigger than my sand? Help me, Westley. I have the feeling we’re on the verge of something just terribly important.’	‘I have stayed these years in my hovel because of you. I have taught myself languages because of you. I have made my body strong because I thought you might be pleased by a strong body. I have lived my life with only the prayer that some sudden dawn you might glance in my direction. I have not known a moment in years when the sight of you did not send my heart careening against my rib cage. I have not known a night when your visage did not accompany me to sleep. There has not been a morning when you did not flutter behind my waking eyelids….Is any of this getting through to you, Buttercup, or do you want me to go on for a while?’	‘Never stop.’	‘There has not been—‘	‘If you’re teasing me, Westley, I’m just going to kill you.’	‘How can you even dream I might be teasing?’	‘Well, you haven’t once said you loved me.’	‘That’s all you need? Easy. I love you. Okay? Want it louder? I love you. Spell it out, should I? I ell-oh-vee-ee why-oh-you. Want it backward? You love I.’	‘You are teasing now; aren’t you?’	‘A little maybe; I’ve been saying it so long to you, you just wouldn’t listen. Every time you said ‘Farm boy do this’ you thought I was answering ‘As you wish’ but that’s only because you were hearing wrong. ‘I love you’ was what it was, but you never heard, and you never heard.
Joe DiMaggio|I learned a long time ago that there is something worse than missing the goal, and that's not pulling the trigger.
Tiffany Madison|Life is like a painting you reflect the image based on your feeling, emotion, character, attitude and how you made it.
C.S. Lewis, Reflections on the Psalms|One thing the Bible does not do: it does not denigrate the mind. The Bible is not anti-intellectual. Rather it gives the reason why all of us know what we know, why we can think with some degree of accuracy, and why we fail to think with complete accuracy.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Prayer or not, I want to believe that, despite all evidence to the contrary, it is possible for anyone to find that one special person. That person to spend Christmas with or grow old with or just take a nice silly walk in Central Park with.
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|...After all, acknowledging unfairness then calls decent people forth to correct those injustices. And since most persons are at their core, decent folks, the need to ignore evidence of injustice is powerful: To do otherwise would force whites to either push for change (which they would perceive as against their interests) or live consciously as hypocrites who speak of freedom and opportunity but perpetuate a system of inequality.The irony of American history is the tendency of good white Americanas to presume racial innocence. Ignorance of how we are shaped racially is the first sign of privilege.In other words. It is a privilege to ignore the consequences of race in America.
Eckhart Tolle|If we are aware of our lifestyle, our way of consuming, of looking at things, we will know how to make peace right in the moment we are alive.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|GOD is so clear, He is invisible.
K.A. Mitchell, Bad Attitude|He swallowed, and his voice was a bit rough, but he was "You know, I think moving is key to this whole fucking thing.""This does t feel good?" Gavin kissed under Jamie's ear while rubbing circles around his nipples with a hard palm. "What is this, Fucking For Slackers?
Sunday Adelaja|If you are striving to have a stable success and riches in joy, you need to be truly dedicated to God
David Mamet, Some Freaks|In the meantime: (1) be direct; (2) remember that, being smarter than men, women respond to courtesy and kindness; (3) if you want to know what kind of a wife someone will make, observe her around her father and mother; (4) as to who gets out of the elevator first, I just can't help you.
Kim Harrison, The Outlaw Demon Wails|But a slow, deeply satisfied smile came over him, and his breath quickened. 'So softly it starts,' he whispered. 'Foolishly clever and with an unsurvivable trust. It just saved your miserable life, that questionable show of thought, my itchy-witch.' Al’s smile shifted, becoming lighter. 'And now you will live to possibly regret it.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Intense, unexpected suffering passes more quickly than suffering that is apparently bearable; the latter goes on for years and, without our noticing, eats away at our souls, until, one day, we are no longer able to free ourselves from the bitterness and it stays with us for the rest of our lives.
Cheryl James|Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.
Premchand Shetty|Go somewhere or go nowhere, the choice is yours.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Don't let anyone infiltrate your happiness. Protect it as if it's all you have, because it literally is.
Dixie Waters|You can't solve problems until you understand the other side." –Jeffrey Manber
Judith Jamison|Beauty comes from a life well lived. If you've lived well, your smile lines are in the right places, and your frown lines aren't too bad, what more do you need?
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|The people of the town have little need. They do not hanker after progress and have never changed their essential way of life. Their invaders were a long time in conquering them; and now, after four centuries of Christianity, they still pray in Tanoan to the old deities of the earth and sky and make their living from the things that are and have always been within their reach; while in the discrimination of pride they acquire from their conquerors only the luxury of example. They have assumed the names and gestures of their enemies, but have held on to their own, secret souls; and in this there is a resistance and an overcoming; a long outwaiting.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|Draft ThreeBecause I never realized that you could fall in love with humans the same way you fall in love with songs. How the tune of them could mean nothing to you at first, an unfamiliar melody, but quickly turn into a symphony carved across your skin; a hymn in the web of your veins; a harmony stitched into the lining of your soul
Kunal Karan Kapoor|You start off with a little spark, and it's whether or not you nurture that spark. You have to expand it and work on it
William C Hannan|The poet Mallarmé listened to the painter Degas complaining about his inability to write poems even though “he was full of ideas.” “My dear Degas,” Mallarmé responded, “poems are not made out of ideas. They’re made out of words.
P.G. Wodehouse|I could still see that Pauline was one of the most beautiful girls I had ever met, but of the ancient fire which had caused me to bung my heart at her feet that night at the Plaza there remained not a trace. Analysing this, if analyzing is the word I want, I came to the conclusion that this changed outlook was due to the fact that she was so dashed dynamic. Unquestionably an eyeful, Pauline Stoker had the grave defect of being one of those girls who want you to come and swim a mile before breakfast and rout you out when you are trying to snatch a wink of sleep after lunch for a merry five sets of tennis.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Her uneasy gaze skittered along the length of his arms, which were exposed by his rolled-up shirtsleeves... and stopped at the astonishing sight of a design that had been inked onto his right forearm. It was a small black horse with wings. Noticing her mesmerized stare, Rohan lowered his arm to give her a better view. "An Irish symbol," he murmured. "A nightmare horse, called a pooka."The absurd-sounding word brought a faint smile to Daisy's lips. "Does it wash off?" she asked hesitantly.He shook his head, his lashes half lowering over his remarkable eyes."Is a pooka like the Pegasus of the Greek myths?" Daisy asked, flattening herself as close to the wall as possible.Rohan glanced down her body, taking a kind of leisurely inventory that no man ever had before. "No. He's far more dangerous. He has eyes of yellow fire, a stride that clears mountains, and he speaks in a human voice as deep as a cave. At midnight, he may stop in front of your house and call out your name if he wants to take you for a ride. If you go with him, he'll fly you across earth and oceans... and if you ever return, your life will never be the same.
Napoleon Hill|Happiness, honor, and great estate,For those who patiently work and wait.
James Hew|Since the initial publication of the chart of the electromagnetic spectrum, humans have learned that what they can touch, smell, see, and hear is less than one-millionth of reality.
|Don't envy the people that are more successful than you. Rather, use their success stories to strengthen your faith in the manifestation of your positive desires.
Dick Dale|I recall my mum tried to teach me how to fry chicken once, and I almost burned down half the kitchen... I don't think I have the patience for cooking.
Angelos Michalopoulos, Basking in the Wrong Kind of Sunshine|It`s not darkness that turns off the lights in your life, it`s your sadness that does it.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I speak, I speak, and truth at that. Writers are a curious breed: brooding, fickle, alternately loving and hating their work—and each other. You’re my friend? Don’t pick up that pen!
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
George Bernard Shaw, The Doctor's Dilemma: A Tragedy|I find that it is the best trade of all; for, whether we manage well or ill, we are paid just the same.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|It is difficult to make the right choices in life, so it’s better to take it one step at a time”.
Wendell Berry, The Hidden Wound|John's master, in allowing his slaves to marry, was much more liberal than most slave owners, who allowed their slaves no such liberty. As a rule negro men were not allowed to marry at all, any attempt to mate with the negro women brought swift, sure horrible punishment and the species were propagated by selected make negroes, who were kept for that purpose, the owners of this provileged negro, charged a fee of one out of every four of his offspring for his services. (Misspellings verbatim as written)
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce|When you're a Republican Latino, you're traveling uphill on a lonely road. Still, it's the road I prefer. It has led me to opportunity far beyond my dreams. I've worked on eight Republican presidential races, as well as for some of the world's largest corporations, all because the doors of opportunity, not the doors of welfare, were open to me.
Charles Bukowski, Hollywood|Never be ashamed of madness, instead be ashamed of people that are ashamed of madness. Without a little bit of insanity, we would have never had the Theory of Relativity, electricity, airplanes, cars or your beloved iPhone. Madness got you that.
Stephen King|By definition, though, we are family. And in difficult times-- times like these-- despite our differences, we stand together as family.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|When nothing works, persistence will.
Mary Oliver, Blue Horses|Anywhere we go, we will have our self with us; we cannot escape ourselves.
Heather Wolf, Kipnuk Visits Sea Isle|Be healing with your words, be tender with your words, be gentle with your words and watch your words bring gentle, tender healing in the hearts of others.
Danny Strong, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 screenplay|Whatever strength, courage... madness keeps us going, we find it, in times like these. You have it, soldier. It's what kept you alive all this time.
Piet Hein|To break free from this vexatious and awful never-ending cycle, this flood of outrageous thoughts, and to long for nothing more than simply to sleep--how clean, how pure, the mere thought of it is exhilarating.
Linda Sue Park|In our racist, sexist society, Christmas is the eight hours when we stop killing each other and gratuitous overeating is encouraged so that the starving and other people in the world can die!
Monique Snyman, Enticed|Lisa, love is magical,” Rema said. “Scientists give such simplified explanations for it, and they’re wrong, because love isn’t something that happens in your brain. Love happens in your soul.
Dave Davies|My wish is to stay always like this, living quietly in a corner of nature.
Nikolai Gogol|In the long run we are all dead. Economists set themselves too easy, too useless a task if in tempestuous seasons they can only tell us that when the storm is long past the ocean is flat again.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|How far away the stars seem, and how farIs our first kiss, and ah, how old my heart!
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|You know that euphemism, she’s expecting? It’s apt. The birth of a baby, so long as it’s healthy, is something to look forward to. It’s a good thing, a big, good, huge event. And from thereon in, every good things, too,” I added hurriedly, “but also, you know, first steps, first dates, first places in sack races. Kids, they graduate, they marry, they have kids themselves- in a way, you get to do everything twice. Even if our kid had problems,” I supposed idiotically, “at least they wouldn’t be our same old problems... ” (22)
Robert Galbraith|The whole world's writing novels, but nobody's reading them. We need readers. More readers. Fewer writers.
Gavin DeGraw|Belief builds from scratch. Doesn’t have to relax, it doesn’t need space
E.L. Doctorow|The literary experience extends impression into discourse. It flowers to thought with nouns, verbs, objects. It thinks. Film implodes discourse, it deliterates thought, it shrinks it to the compacted meaning of the preverbal impression or intuition or understanding. You receive what you see, you don't have to think it out. . . . Fiction goes everywhere, inside, outside, it stops, it goes, its action can be mental. Nor is it time-driven. Film is time-driven, it never ruminates, it shows the outside of life, it shows behavior. It tends to the simplest moral reasoning. Films out of Hollywood are linear. The narrative simplification of complex morally consequential reality is always the drift of a film inspired by a book. Novels can do anything in the dark horrors of consciousness. Films do close-ups, car drive-ups, places, chases and explosions.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|I think about pressing myself against him, but I can't, because all our secrets would keep a space between us.
Arthur Erickson|Great buildings that move the spirit have always been rare. In every case they are unique, poetic, products of the heart.
Thomas Pynchon, V.|You felt she'd done a thousand secret things to her eyes. They needed no haze of cigarette smoke to look at you out of sexy and fathomless, but carried their own along with them. New York must have been for her a city of smoke, its streets the courtyards of limbo, its bodies like wraiths. Smoke seemed to be in her voice, in her movements; making her all the more substantial, more there, as if words, glances, small lewdnesses could only become baffled and brought to rest like smoke in her long hair; remain there useless till she released them, accidentally and unknowingly, with a toss of her head.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|But i do believe in souls being in sync, souls that mirror each other.
William Shakespeare|Dr. Wyman preached a God I couldn’t quite see in my mind, and certainly couldn’t love. I dimly pictured some kind of Grandfather, who dealt out to bad people their awful “just deserts,” which I thought must be poisoned food at the end of delicious meals.
Fred Frith|The affairs of life embrace a multitude of interests, and he who reasons in any one of them, without consulting the rest, is a visionary unsuited to control the business of the world.
Larry R. Lawrence|It reminds me that we are born innocent but ignorant, and that to remedy the second of these conditions we inevitably surrender the first.
Dee Williams|In any case, the goal is the same: to connect.
Srinidhi.R|After I see a painting, I go into a room, I close my eyes and I slowly escape into the beauty of the painting. I reflect on the painting, the nuances of the artwork, it's theme, mood and highlights -until the magic of the painting flashes before me.
Stefan Molyneux|If the sound of happy children is grating on your ears, I don't think it's the children who need to be adjusted.
Corallie Buchanan, Watch Out! Godly Women on the Loose|My dear sister, you can’t escape God, and you can’t escape your skeletons in the closet. They will always be there until you take them out from behind those dusty old moth-eaten coats. Your exterior facade of ‘everything is alright’ only works for a little while, and then the cracks begin to show. You can only hide behind yourself for so long. You can’t keep running!
Steven Johnson, Where Good Ideas Come From: The Natural History of Innovation|Berners-Lee was supremely lucky in the work environment he had settled into, the Swiss particle physics lab CERN. It took him ten years to nurture his slow hunch about a hypertext information platform.
Sumangali Morhall, Auspicious Good Fortune: One woman's inspirational journey from Western disillusionment to Eastern spiritual fulfilment|Meditation is like hearing a voice on the telephone: there might be slight delays if the line is not perfect, but it is otherwise direct and requires no effort other than listening
Richard Curtis, Blackadder: The Whole Damn Dynasty, 1485-1917|Percy, you are dismissed from my service.""Me? Why, my lord?""Why? Because, Percy, far from being a fit consort for a prince of the realm, you would bore the leggings off a village idiot. You ride a horse rather less well than another horse would. Your brain would make a grain of sand look large and ungainly, and the part of you that can't be mentioned, I am reliably informed by women around the court, wouldn't be worth mentioning even if it could be. If you put on a floppy hat and a funny codpiece, you might just get by as a fool, but since you wouldn't know a joke if it got up and gave you a haircut, I doubt it. That's why you're dismissed." "Oh, I see." "And as for you, Baldrick..." "Yes." "You're out, too.
Mark Twain|Supposing is good, but finding out is better.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|You're not saving lives, Dad. You can't save lives when no one's living anymore. (Maddie)
Margaret Feinberg, Hungry for God: Hearing God's Voice in the Ordinary and the Everyday|Whenever God thinks of you, he has your best interests in mind; he has plans to take you further, deeper, and higher than you ever dreamed. This process begins when you seek God and spend time with him. Look for every opportunity to know God. Consider your daily schedule. What does it include? A workout at the gym? A trip to the post office? A lunch hour? A commute? Look for ways to include God in your activities. Invite God to accompany you by talking together. Look for moments- even if it's only ten or twenty seconds- to steal away with him. God will reward your efforts as you reshape your inner life to be focused around him. As you seek God, you will find yourself abiding in him." -Hungry for God
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|The flower bloomed and faded. The sun rose and sank. The lover loved and went. And what the poets said in rhyme, the young translated into practice.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|She always imagined their voices entangled somewhere in the wires when they spoke, caught up in a grid she didn't fully understand, passing back and forth. Once the calls were disconnected, she imagined the echoes of old conversations would be trapped there, floating back and forth with no exit, like ghosts.
Neil Armstrong|That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind
John F. Kennedy|...in the end it's not just the big and small events that make you who you are, make your life what it is, it's how you choose to react to them-that's where you have control over your life.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|For the fact is that neuroscientists who study memory remain unclear on the question of whether each time we remember something we are accessing a stable “memory fragment”—often called a “trace” or an “engram”—or whether each time we remember something we are literally creating a new “trace” to house the thought. And since no one has yet been able to discern the material of these traces, nor to locate them in the brain, how one thinks of them remains mostly a matter of metaphor: they could be “scribbles,” “holograms,” or “imprints”; they could live in “spirals,” “rooms,” or “storage units.” Personally, when I imagine my mind in the act of remembering, I see Mickey Mouse in Fantasia, roving about in a milky, navy-blue galaxy shot through with twinkling cartoon stars.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Why are we miserable, when there is music?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There’s no such thing as a good or bad person: there are just people who have each been or seem to have been good or bad to you, someone, or some people, thus far.
Paul Gleason|Difficult years lie ahead, patience is required.
Tom Stoppard, Voyage|Any attorney with a conscience always speaks the truth. An attorney can and should practice law in a scrupulous manner, but some dishonest attorneys disregard ethical mandates in order to win. Unethical attorneys shape their clients stories, which is a fancy way of assisting them tell a fib.
Emily Dickinson|I measure every Grief I meetWith narrow, probing, Eyes;I wonder if It weighs like Mine,Or has an Easier size.
Peter N. Stearns, Shame: A Brief History|But there are some born to do penance by nature. Maybe they lift the load for some of us who take it quite comfortably that we're humankind, and not angels.
Harlan Ellison|Her forehead was a maze of anxious little grooves, from a lifetime of wondering about whether everyone within range was OK.
David Brudnoy|I want to share some insight into why someone would want to be a SEAL. A lot of us faced obstacles growing up. I didn't have any type of real nurturing as a kid. I hope people will relate to my story and go, 'Hey, if this guy can do it, so can I.'
Gregory Hartley, I Can Read You Like a Book: How to Spot the Messages and Emotions People Are Really Sending with Their Body Language|To force a female to do things in male fashion is not equal opportunity, it is distorted idealism.
Roald Dahl, The BFG|Never get out of bed, never go to the window, and never look behind the curtain.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|And then, some morning in the second week, the mind wakes, comes to life again. Not in a city sense—no—but beach-wise. It begins to drift, to play, to turn over in gentle careless rolls like those lazy waves on the beach. One never knows what chance treasures these easy unconscious rollers may toss up, on the smooth white sand of the conscious mind; what perfectly rounded stone, what rare shell from the ocean floor. Perhaps a channeled whelk, a moon shell, or even an argonaut.
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|It seemed to Rosa Lublin that the whole peninsula of Florida was weighted down with regret. Everyone had left behind a real life. Here they had nothing. They were all scarecrows, blown about under the murdering sunball with empty ribcages.
Georges Bernanos|It is only the farmer who faithfully plants seeds in the Spring, who reaps a harvest in the Autumn.
Chris Hodges, Fresh Air: Trading Stale Spiritual Obligation for a Life-Altering, Energizing, Experience-It-Everyday Relationship with God|I miss you, I miss you at night, I can’t sleep without you anymore, I’m scared. Meet me in heaven.
Nynke Visser|It is indispensable for us to undermine all faith, to tear out of the mind of the "goyim" the very principle of god-head and the spirit, and to put in its place arithmetical calculations and material needs
Tony Reinke, The Joy Project: A True Story of Inescapable Happiness|She was a blameless sinless woman, yet she understood who how it was with people who sinned. Inflexibly rigid in her own moral conduct, she condoned weaknesses in others. She revered God and loved Jesus, but she understood why people often turned away from these Two.
Shiv Nadar|The shores of the Black Sea lend themselves to the literary genre that may be classified as 'cultural pilgrimage,' which is not just a higher form of travel writing but which has the further mission of reporting on present conditions and supplying neglected knowledge.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|…In the end we are all just searching for truth, that which is greater than ourselves.
Susan Wiggs, The Goodbye Quilt|There can be no fooling ourselves into thinking this is something other than what it is—the willful ejection of Molly from our nest. It’s too late for second thoughts, anyway. She has to be moved into her dorm in time for freshman orientation. It’s been marked on the kitchen calendar for weeks—the expiration date on her childhood.
James Surowiecki|Linux is a complex example of the wisdom of crowds. It's a good example in the sense that it shows you can set people to work in a decentralized way - that is, without anyone really directing their efforts in a particular direction - and still trust that they're going to come up with good answers.
Prashant Yadav, The Jeera Packer|In the battle of DNAs, your DNA will always win against the DNA of your father.
Winston S. Churchill, Churchill Speaks: Collected Speeches in Peace and War, 1897-1963|The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out for himself, without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane, and intolerable...
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|It's disquieting to reflect that one's dreams never symbolize one's real wishes, but always something Much Worse... If I really wanted to be passionately embraced by Peter, I should dream of dentists or gardening. I wonder what unspeakable depths of awfulness can only be expressed by the polite symbol of Peter's embraces?
Ronald Fisher|Truth is the silliest thing under the sun. Try to get a living by the Truth and go to the Soup Societies. Heavens! Let any clergyman try to preach the Truth from its very stronghold, the pulpit, and they would ride him out of his church on his own pulpit bannister.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|With a slow, deliberate movement, he pushed his hand into the fall of her hair, wrapping a thick strand around his fingers and wrist. His voice dropped, deepening as he spoke words meant for her. “I love your hair. The color of blood at its most fragrant and powerful.”The light tug on the strands didn’t hurt. Instead it sensitized her. The swirl of color in his eyes was myriad shades of red reflected and magnified. “You should let go now,” she said, low even tones that matched his own.The corner of that edible mouth lifted, baring a fang. “Never.
Dillon Burroughs|If your parents died suddenly, Sandro understood, your home was wherever you were, and now you were from nowhere. Your parents were your provenance. Dead, you had no provenance.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Life isn’t about what you have, it’s about who you are.
Jane Fonda|I do not bring forgiveness with me, nor forgetfulness. The only ones who can forgive are dead; the living have no right to forget.
Unarine Ramaru|It’s a number.”“It’s not,” she said. “It’s a chance to wake up new.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every encounter with the external world presents a conflict with a person’s cherished inner world. How we resolve these ongoing boarder conflicts between reality and ideas results in tectonic shifts in our mental makeup, which influx we incorporate by responding to the never-ending chaos of a worldly life.
Annie Besant, The Atheistic Platform: Twelve Lectures by Chales Bradlaugh, Annie Besant, Alice Bradlaugh, A. B. Moss, C. C. Cattell, G. Standring, E. Aveling, D.Sc.|Materialism sets us free from sin-by proving that there is no such thing as sin. There's just antisocial behavior, which we can control with measures like laws and educational programs.
H.W. Brands|I could not find any evidence that her circumstances had harmed Jane Austen's work in the slightest. That, perhaps, was the chief miracle about it. Here was a woman about the year 1800 writing without hate, without bitterness, without fear, without protest, without preaching. Her mind consumed all impediments.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|I might not have risen to destroy people's beliefs, but some beliefs do need destruction if the human society is meant to progress in harmony instead of sinking into the depths of illustrious interhuman conflicts. Meekness-induced prejudices have no place in the society of thinking humanity.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Now I know what a ghost is. Unfinished business, that's what.
Ashley Rhodes-Courter, Three Little Words: A Memoir|Yet you stand, too ashamed to run, too fearful to embrace. God I see so much ofwhat I love in that face.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Leadership is about inspiration with character, not manipulation with position!
James M. Hamilton Jr.|If we really believe the gospel we proclaim, we'll be honest about our own beauty and brokenness, and the beautiful broken One will make himself known to our neighbors through the chinks in our armor - and in theirs.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you least understand the essence of timely and courageously saying no to what you have to say no to, when you have to say no, you shall always say yes to what is due no remorsefully and count the cost of never saying no when you had to in pity though shall know your had I know in the end.
Aryn Kyle, The God of Animals|We would pay the bills. We would pretend to be high-class. This was compromise. This, I guessed, was business.
Patrick Carman, Stargazer|Hannah's magic cure for every ill," he teased. "Blueberry cake and a kitten.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|No man will love you, though you gave your life for him, unless you have a pretty face. So (might it not be?), the gods will not love you (however you try to pleasure them, and whatever you suffer) unless you have that beauty of soul. In either race. for the love of men or the love of a god, the winners and losers are marked out from birth. We bring our ugliness, in both kinds, with us into the world, with it our destiny.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|Elizabeth nodded, looking too dejected to do much more. “Can she just go back to him?” she pleaded. “He’s dying. She’s dying. They can’t have a life together, but at least they could have th
Mark Cantrell|In the beginning, God created the heavens and the Earth," the long out-of-print science fiction writer went on.
M. Thomas Gammarino, Big in Japan: A (Hungry) Ghost Story|It has drowned the most heavenly ecstasies of religious fervour, of chivalrous enthusiasm, of Philistine sentimentalism, in the icy water of egotistical calculation. It has resolved personal worth into exchange value, and in place of numberless indefeasible chartered freedoms, it has set up that single, unconscionable freedom -- free trade. In one word, for exploitation, veiled by religious and political illusions, it has substituted naked, shameless, direct, brutal exploitation.
Pablo Neruda|The word was born in the blood, grew in the dark body, beating, and took flight through the lips and the mouth. Farther away and nearer still, still it came from dead fathers and from wondering races, from lands which had turned to stone, lands weary of their poor tribes, for when grief took to the roads the people set out and arrived and married new land and water to grow their words again. And so this is the inheritance; this is the wavelength which connects us with dead men and the dawning of new beings not yet come to light.
Ana Spoke, Shizzle, Inc|Whatever happens next, I'm sure it's going to be a great adventure.
Christopher Pike, The Red Dice|No religion is perfect, not after man gets through with it.
Margie Warrell, Find Your Courage!|...when the room goes silent, someone has spoken with authority...
Philip Roth, Portnoy's Complaint|Why don't you like the foods I like?" he asks sometimes. "Why don't you like the foods I make?" I answer.
Friedrich Engels|Anybody can act violently--there is nothing to it, but not every person is able to destroy his enemy with words.
Joyce Meyer|My mother, may her soul rest in peace, shaped my personality; thanks to her, I have acquired many values, good traits and skills.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|Of all the simplifications to which the human spirit naturally inclines, unable to reconcile itself to the complexity of the real, there is none more dangerous than the attempt to integrate the whole of society in one vast, permanent action group.
Xavier Dolan|My pictures are always part of my thinking, and my emotions, tensions, dreams, desires.
Sunday Adelaja|Without having any relationship with God, we will not change anything in our world
Agnostic Zetetic|The thing with dying, well, with death really, is that there's a difference between being someone who knows they can really die at any time and someone who doesn't.
George Bernard Shaw|While browsing in a second-hand bookshop one day, George Bernard Shaw was amused to find a copy of one of his own works which he himself had inscribed for a friend: "To ----, with esteem, George Bernard Shaw."He immediately purchased the book and returned it to the friend with a second inscription: "With renewed esteem, George Bernard Shaw.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|New Rule: Stop pretending your drugs are morally superior to my drugs because you get yours at a store. This week, they released the autopsy report on Anna Nicole Smith, and the cause of death was what I always thought it was: mad cow. No, it turns out she had nine different prescription drugs in her—which, in the medical field, is known as the “full Limbaugh.” They opened her up, and a Walgreens jumped out. Antidepressants, anti-anxiety pills, sleeping pills, sedatives, Valium, methadone—this woman was killed by her doctor, who is a glorified bartender. I’m not going to say his name, but only because (a) I don’t want to get sued, and (b) my back is killing me.This month marks the thirty-fifth anniversary of a famous government report. I was sixteen in 1972, and I remember how excited we were when Nixon’s much ballyhooed National Commission on Drug Abuse came out and said pot should be legalized. It was a moment of great hope for common sense—and then, just like Bush did with the Iraq Study Group, Nixon took the report and threw it in the garbage, and from there the ’70s went right into disco and colored underpants.This week in American Scientist, a magazine George Bush wouldn’t read if he got food poisoning in Mexico and it was the only thing he could reach from the toilet, described a study done in England that measured the lethality of various drugs, and found tobacco and alcohol far worse than pot, LSD, or Ecstasy—which pretty much mirrors my own experiments in this same area. The Beatles took LSD and wrote Sgt. Pepper—Anna Nicole Smith took legal drugs and couldn’t remember the number for nine-one-one.I wish I had more time to go into the fact that the drug war has always been about keeping black men from voting by finding out what they’re addicted to and making it illegal—it’s a miracle our government hasn’t outlawed fat white women yet—but I leave with one request: Would someone please just make a bumper sticker that says, “I’m a stoner, and I vote.
Meghan Don, The New Divine Feminine: Spiritual Evolution for a Woman's Soul|If it is true that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link, isn't it also true a society is only as healthy as its sickest citizen and only as wealthy as its most deprived?
Karen Chance, Embrace the Night|Not really hungry.""She’ll eat." Pritkin said curtly."I said —""If you starve to death it would damage my professional reputation.""I eat plenty.""The same does not apply should I strangle you in understandable irritation, however.""I’ll have a sandwich," I told Nick. "No meat.
Rachel Maddow, Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power|[I]t is the greatest absurdity to suppose it in the power of one, or of any number of men, at the entering into society to renounce their essential natural rights, or the means of preserving those rights, when the grand end of civil government, from the very nature of its institution, is for the support, protection, and defence of those very rights; the principal of which, as is before observed, are life, liberty, and property. If men, through fear, fraud, or mistake, should in terms renounce or give up an essential natural right, the eternal law of reason and the grand end of society would absolutely vacate such renunciation. The right of freedom being the gift of God Almighty, it is not in the power of man to alienate this gift and voluntarily become a slave.
Rufus King, Murder on the Yacht|Just as love makes you blind so does wealth, and of the two blindnesses wealth is the worse because of the incalculable harm it is able to do to people other than yourself.
Christina Rossetti, Goblin Market and Other Poems|Most Like an Arch This MarriageMost like an arch—an entrance which upholds and shores the stone-crush up the air like lace. Mass made idea, and idea held in place. A lock in time. Inside half-heaven unfolds.Most like an arch—two weaknesses that lean into a strength. Two fallings become firm. Two joined abeyances become a term naming the fact that teaches fact to mean.Not quite that? Not much less. World as it is, what’s strong and separate falters. All I do at piling stone on stone apart from you is roofless around nothing. Till we kissI am no more than upright and unset. It is by falling in and in we makethe all-bearing point, for one another’s sake, in faultless failing, raised by our own weight.
A.E. van Vogt|I confessed I did not have an opinion; I was only thirteen, and this was my very first dismemberment.
Darrin Crescenzi|Golden Ratio is a powerful mathematical constant woven into the very fabric of biology. It is the unique visual tension between comforting symmetry and compelling asymmetry, and its thoughtful application can bring beauty and harmony and intrigue to all manner of designed things.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Best of stories are created at Airports, Dinner Tables and Showers!
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|The opposite of "never enough" isn't abundance or "more than you could ever imagine." The opposite of scarcity is enough...
Andy Rooney|A smile is so sexy, yet so warm. When someone genuinely smiles at you, it's the greatest feeling in the world.
Ron Koertge, Now Playing: Stoner & Spaz II|The guys can't take their eyes off Colleen... one of them... probably sees her just like I do, she's the gatekeeper to another world.
Nicos Hadjicostis|Intelligent individuals learn from every thing and every one; average people, from their experiences. The stupid already have all the answers.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|There is a difference between WISHING for a thing and being READY to receive it. No one is ready for a thing, until he believes he can acquire it. The state of mind must be BELIEF, not mere hope or wish. Open-mindedness is essential for belief.
Sara Sheridan|Writing historical fiction has many common traits with writing sci-fi or fantasy books. The past is another country - a very different world - and historical readers want to see, smell and touch what it was like living there.
Jackson Pearce, Fathomless|It's hard to believe sometime, but hope never lets you truly stop believing. - Lo
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|There is no more sagacious animal than the Icelandic horse. He is stopped by neither snow, nor storm, nor impassable roads, nor rocks, glaciers, or anything. He is courageous, sober, and surefooted. He never makes a false step, never shies. If there is a river or fjord to cross (and we shall meet with many) you will see him plunge in at once, just as if he were amphibious, and gain the opposite bank.
Lucinda Rosenfeld, What She Saw...|You were at the age where you could fall in love with a girl over an expression, over a gesture. That's what happened with your girlfriend, Paloma- she stooped to pick up her purse and your heart flew out of you.
Ryan Reynolds|I was not a cool kid. There was no reason for me to be marginalised. I was just a nerd. I was kind of weird, and I found solace in video games.
Ruskin Bond, The Best of Ruskin Bond|If all the people break, and all the world breaks, and everyone and everything goes mad, then I can be normal, just like everyone else, right?
Michelle Phan|A few years ago, the city council of Monza, Italy, barred pet owners from keeping goldfish in curved bowls... saying that it is cruel to keep a fish in a bowl with curved sides because, gazing out, the fish would have a distorted view of reality. But how do we know we have the true, undistorted picture of reality?
Darrell Calkins|My hope and intent is to provide a wide range of resources and ideas that provoke real questions and considerations under the surface of common dialogue. With a definite thrust toward clues for moving beyond limiting patterns that restrict our personal and communal evolution and experience of, as well as effectiveness in, life. Part of that is about giving different angles of insight into the why and how of developing skills, whatever they may be. I think the larger discussion, or maybe the more relevant one surrounding skills development, involves what quality of fuel is being used to run the skill. Inevitably, and very quickly, this enters into considerations of how much of oneself one brings to the show. For example, anyone can learn a sophisticated skill in an extremely short period of time, once they’re completely convinced of the need, benefit and value of doing so and find enough full-bodied conviction to engage it accordingly (“You never hear anyone practicing a language; they simply listen and then begin to speak.” — Wade Davis).
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|Having read several prize-winning novels, Fancy was confident that she now knew the recipe: 1. Write a simple narrative. 2. Make a long list. 3. Scatter the contents of your list throughout your narrative.
Pamela Schloesser Canepa, Detours in Time, #1|Even an Astral Adventure needs a little sensuality."Perhaps you can show me how tastefully decorated your bedroom is." Lee probably felt I did not know what to do next and needed direction. Maybe so, but I did know our coffee was going to get cold.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|As wars dwindled to skirmishes and our strength grew, so David was able to spend less time with military commanders and more with the engineers and overseers who were fanning out throughout the land, digging cisterns, making roads, fortifying, connecting, and generally making a nation out of our scattered people.
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|There's a point, around the age of twenty, when you have to choose whether to be like everybody else the rest of your life, or to make a virtue of your peculiarities.
Vusi Mahlasela|Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|My mother was lost to me, but I wasn’t lost. She had anchored me, to Amma, my father, Link, Gatlin, before she left. I felt her in the streets, my house, the library, even the pantry.
Nuno Roque|France, stop throwing awards at me! I have so many already, give them to people who need them.
Catherine Hardwicke|I've always known I wanted to be in design somehow. It was going to be architecture, but I would've had to quit acting for it. I realized with horology, I could learn at my own pace.
Neda Aria|Sometimes, I wonder .....Are we all as identical on our way out of the Earth...like the way we all came into it?If so, at what point do all our identities merge into a final whole?Are we all nameless and blank at point Infinity?
Portia de Rossi|My music is bejewelled, it's colourful, it's romantic, it shines.
Wasif Ali Wasif|When the child is ill, the mother will know how to pray.
Nalini Nadkarni|Art should be created for life, not for the museum.
Chloe Thurlow, A Girl's Adventure|As my mind dwells on the depths I have already sunk into since my arrival less than an hour ago, I approach Shaw’s feet and legs. Unsure of how to proceed, but sure that looking up at him is not an acceptable response, I wait on all fours in front of him, like an untrained animal. I squirm at the prospect that he may be making the same comparison.The hushed and excitable voices of the other men perforate the air around us as Shaw reaches down towards me. I see his left hand in my line of vision and one finger gently moves my face upwards to look at him. I gaze up at him and in this moment I want him more than I have ever wanted any man. I want him to seduce me. I want him to conquer me. I want to be devoured.
Maurice Saatchi|The British were white, English, and Protestant, just as we were. They had to have some other basis on which to justify independence, and happily they were able to formulate the inalienable truths set forth in the Declaration.
Lucas Scott|As long as you're moving, it's easier to steer.
Stacy Schiff, The Witches: Salem, 1692|Confronted afterward, she claimed no knowledge of that bedroom tryst; she did not intend to be held responsible for men's dreams.
Kathy Goodhew, A Vision Beyond Abuse: Spiritual Healing After Abuse|No matter how dark life can be, it's how we react to it that matters. Love & forgiveness instead of hate and fear, create in us a garden of healing.
Shaun Messick|Yes, our Father has a plan, Ciminae,” he said. “But he leaves it up to his children to accept his will. It is their agency. He cannot force his will upon them. If he did, he would cease to be God. They . . . we must choose for ourselves to accept his will with unbreakable faith in our Father. That is when the Father moves us to do his will.” (The Spirit. From Book 2, "Worlds Without End: Aftermath," coming September 1, 2012)
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Without purpose and meaning in our lives, we banish ourselves to wander this plane of existence with self-destructive tendencies until the bell tolls and our breath capsizes in our lungs, snatching our chance to redeem ourselves forever.
Tim Kaine|Sometimes, in the midst of a tragedy like the Newton massacre, we witness incredible acts of valor, tenderness, grace, and decency. We saw it from Sandy Hook Elementary School's teachers, students, and parents, as well as from their community and country. The outpouring of sympathy and help has been touching and, at times, inspiring.
Richard J. Foster, Freedom of Simplicity: Finding Harmony in a Complex World|I am not posing these questions only to the world at large. I query us who own Christ as our life. Can God be pleased by the vast and increasing inequities among us? Is he not grieved by our arrogant accumulation, while Christian brothers and sisters elsewhere languish and die? Is it not obligatory upon us to see beyond the nose of our own national interest, so that justice may roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever flowing stream? Is there not an obligation upon us to do justice, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with God is we want to live in his wonderful peace?
Michael Pollan|I tell my students, it's not difficult to identify with somebody like yourself, somebody next door who looks like you. What's more difficult is to identify with someone you don't see, who's very far away, who's a different color, who eats a different kind of food. When you begin to do that then literature is really performing its wonders.
Martha Wells, The Gate of Gods|My parents never projected their dreams onto me. If they hoped I would be a great pitcher, or political figure, or artist (no chance), they never told me about it. Their view of parenting was to offer love and encourage me to chart my own path.
Emma Cline, The Girls|A rock, I thought crazily. He'll pick up a rock. He'll break open my skull, my brain leaking onto the sand. He'll tighten his hands around my throat until my wind-pipe collapses. The stupid things I thought of: Sasha and her briny, childish mouth. How the un had looked in the tops of the trees lining my childhood driveway. Whether Suzanne knew I thought of her. How the mother must have begged, at the end.
Dominic Riccitello|I loved you with texture. You loved with a softness. Texture brought detail, softness brought folds. Folds brought creases and creases had secrets.
Timothy D. Lane, How People Change: How Christ Changes Us by His Grace, Leader's Guide|God did not become flesh and suffer an ignominious death at our hands so that we could have sprawling church campuses, programs, and budgets.
Angelica Hopes|This is a book about fracture. About the experiences that make up a life. About the pieces of me. Delving into naked emotion is a terrifying proposition. Digging into our souls to look for answers that may not be there is a ledge most of us avoid. And yet, here I am.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|Standing there at the stage door to the rest of your life. Time to dip your toe into the deep end. Try things. Say hi already. Laugh a lot. Mess up. Apologize. Mess up again. Hug people. Take chances. Trust yourself. Lose things. Get over it. Hold your friends close. Gather your strength. Gain wisdom and beautiful stories. Be brave, and you'll have the time of your life.
Charlotte Riddell, Gaslit Nightmares: Stories by Robert W. Chambers, Charles Dickens, Richard Marsh, and Others|Don't normal people run in the rain? Even abnormal people, most of them anyway, the only people I can think of who walk in the rain are tree buffers, bag ladies, and total psychos.
Munia Khan|Poverty's simplicity has an inexpensive beauty rooted in it, which the rich can never afford to buy
Elizabeth Berg, Dream When You're Feeling Blue|I will be so glad for you to hear not the sounds of gunfire but the sounds of church bells, and of people working in peace.
Bear Grylls|I don't think most analysts understand that whether I work a 70-hour week or an 80-hour week, I take my head with me when I go home.
Michael R. LeGault|A culture of unaccountability is a culture without incentive, and a culture without incentive is the death of critical and creative thinking.
Mohammed VI of Morocco|The nice girl thinks she's giving up something to get something better in return. She gives up control over her own life. When the time comes for her to get what she expected, she winds up disappointed. In addition to being empty-handed, she's depleted.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The most difficult step ever is the first step. It comes with doubts, uncertainties, and all sort of fears. If you defy all odd and take it, your confidence will replicate very fast and you'll become a master!
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|Individuals reacted in any number of ways to extreme stress and, relatedly, to impending death.A non-negligible percentage of people reacted in a manner which could be summed up by, ‘Screw it, I’m going out in style!
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|Each of us has the power to take action, to light a fire and be the ignition for others.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|A diminished self-image causes us to slouch, to avoid looking others in the eye, to be unassertive, to be indecisive. On the other hand, a healthy self-image causes us to carry ourselves well, to speak confidently and to portray dignity.
Robin Wasserman, The Book of Blood and Shadow|I longed to return to that bloody riverbank, to throw myself in the path of the final arrow, to die ignorant, and so, in love. Better to be killed by an arrow than by the words of the one I most trusted.
Akshay Vasu|Canada is a free country, after all.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I said, 'I need to know how he died.'He flipped back and pointed at, 'Why?'So I can stop inventing how he died. I'm always inventing.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Later times have laid all the blame upon the Goths and Vandals, but, however unwilling the partizans of the Christian system may be to believe or to acknowledge it, it is nevertheless true, that the age of ignorance commenced with the Christian system.There was more knowledge in the world before that period, than for many centuries afterwards; and as to religious knowledge, the Christian system, as already said, was only another species of mythology; and the mythology to which it succeeded, was a corruption of an ancient system of t
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|God cuts out our path, makes a groove in the clay with His finger, and we poor blind ants slide down into it.
Sadey Quinn, Under Order|Sweetheart, I’ll be a Marine ‘til they bury my cold, dead, decrepit ass in the ground a good fifty or sixty years from now.
Adam West|I get called 'Mayor West' a lot in airports. I've been very fortunate to have a fan base that keeps growing, and the work gets such a warm response and humor from people.
Nancy Holder, Crimson Peak: The Official Movie Novelization|Working with some real dirt seemed fitting for a woman whose hands felt like they would remain forever filthy. She decided to go after the thickets of weeds that seemed determined to ruin her garden, just as she had gone after those dark things crawling from her drain that seemed determined to ruin her life. Summer rains had nourished the thick tangles. Healthy and strong, the weeds twisted along the yard’s edges in dense tuffs. Eden’s hoe whacked away, and at least she felt some satisfaction denying those flower-killers the opportunity to strangle the remaining beauty from her world. She swung the hoe like a pissed off Grim Reaper.
Moyra Davey, Long Life Cool White: Photographs and Essays|Dipping into the archive is always an interesting, if sometimes unsettling, proposition. It often begins with anxiety, with the fear that the thing you want won't surface. But ultimately the process is a little like tapping into the unconscious, and can bring with it the ambivalent gratification of rediscovering forgotten selves.Rather than making new pictures why can't I just recycle some of these old ones? Claim "found" photographs from among my boxes? And have this gesture signify "resistance to further production/consumption"? (96)
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you will invest the maximum amount of time in hard work, polishing and building your own land of promise, you will become great in life.
Cristina Henriquez, The Book of Unknown Americans|Sometimes I think I would rather just remember it in my head, all those streets and the places I loved. The way it smelled of car exhaust and sweet fruit. The thickness of the heat. The sound of dogs barking in alleyways. That's the Panama I want to hold on to. Because a place can do many things against you, and if it's your home or if it was your home at one time, you still love it. That's how it works.
Ray Bradbury|Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast. People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there, and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there. They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
Matthew S. Williams|Hey, Wrobik; cheer up, yeah? You're going to shoot down a fucking starship. It'll be an experience.
Shelter Somerset, Between Two Promises|leave him free, and the mere sense of liberty would content him, joined to the knowledge that his presence was dear to those whom he loved best.
Sunday Adelaja|You don’t look for miracles, you don’t search for miracles, miracles is supposed to follow you.
L. Frank Baum, Phoebe Daring: A Story for Young Folk|The women of the world will dominate politics, some day, and you mustn't be too old-fashioned in your notions to join the procession of progress.
Sarah Ash|The dusty tombs of long-dead exorcist priests lay in the alcoves below, surmounted by stone effigies, the features eroded by the passing of time and the reverent caresses of their grateful parishioners, a reminder, she knew all too well, of the brevity of life.
Benjamin Lotter|Success is like a seed: the more you plant, the more you receive.
William Jay|The problem is not just the wrong ormistake that you did but the correction,/right you refused to do.
L.J. Smith, Secret Circle Booklet|Well enough,” I reply. “Remember, you’re drunk. And happy. You’re supposed to be lusting over your escort. Try smiling a little mo
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|And there is an earlier Wilson cycle, too, a billion years old, entrapped alongside the Appalachians: the Grenville, which rises to the surface in Central Park, New York, to remind us that the human and urban is no more than foam on the sea of the past.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|God will prepare everything for our perfect happiness in heaven, and if it takes my dog being there, I believe he'll be there.
Gunnar Ardelius, I Need You More Than I Love You and I Love You to Bits|How do you know when it's over?" "Maybe when you feel more in love with your memories than with the person standing in front of you.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Why's it so sunny?" she repeated.Zooey observed her rather narrowly. "I bring the sun wherever I go, buddy," he said.
Neil Patrick Harris|I was a mother who worked ridiculously hard to keep catastrophe at bay. I didn't allow my kids to eat hamburgers for fear of E. coli. I didn't allow them to play with rope, string, balloons - anything that might strangle them. They had to bite grapes in half, avoid lollipops, eat only when I could watch them.
Cassandra Rose Clarke, The Assassin's Curse|You can't escape an assasin," He leaned forward, shadows swallowing his eyes. "Hangings, bumbling bureaucrats, dishonest crewman, jail - those you can talk your way out of, you try hard enough. But this kind of death is the is the only kind of death.
Mary Roach, Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife|While he attends to his rats, Persinger gives me the lowdown on the haunt theory. Why would a certain type of electromagnetic field make one hear things or sense a presence? What’s the mechanism? The answer hinges on the fact that exposure to electromagnetic fields lowers melatonin levels. Melatonin, he explains, is an anti-convulsive; if you have less of it in your system, your brain —in particular, your right temporal lobe— will be more prone to tiny epileptic-esque microseizures and the subtle hallucinations these seizures can cause.
Mozaiah Thompson|You know what you tell a man with two black eyes? Nothing. He's already been told twice."Darryl the cop
Bill Gates|Today, most young women are exposed to technology at a very young age, with mobile phones, tablets, the Web or social media. They are much more proficient with technology than prior generations since they use it for all their school work, communication and entertainment.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Shocked at this rebuke, Sarah took a step backward. “But I…I am the daughter of a marquess. I cannot marry either—”“You are new here, so I will explain. In this land, nobility comes not from one’s fathers or a title or from the land one owns, but from one’s actions.” His voice was hard-edged, and his words seemed harsh to her. “The MacKinnon brothers are the highest nobility to those who live on the frontier—true warriors, men who know how to fight and survive, men who put the lives of others before their own. Your family’s wealth, your title, your virtue—they mean nothing out here. They won’t fill your belly, and they won’t keep you alive. What matters most right now is your survival.
John D. Zizioulas, Being as Communion: Studies in Personhood and the Church|Culture cannot be a monolithically universal phenomenon without some kind of demonic imposition of one culture over the rest of cultures. Nor is it possible to dream of a universal "Christian culture" without denying the dialectic between history and eschatology which is so central, among other things, to the eucharist itself. Thus, if there is a transcendence of cultural divisions on a universal level - which indeed must be constantly aimed at by the Church - it can only take place via the local situations expressed in and through the particular local Churches and not through universalistic structures which imply a universal Church.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|If I have learned anything, it is to keep my wife happy by sending her lavish gifts. Other men can learn from my success and send their wives and girlfriends fresh flowers for birthdays, anniversaries, and of course, Valentine's Day.
Iwan Goll|How wonderful to find in living creatures the same substance as those which make up minerals. Nevertheless they felt a sort of humiliation at the idea that their persons contained phosphorous like matches, albumen like white of egg, hydrogen gas like street lamps.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Hey. What did you do to your - I mean, you look different." My cheeks go immediately hot. Not that your average onlooker can tell, given all the makeup I'm wearing. "Frankie and I were just messing around this morning." "Oh," he says, tying the paper from his straw into little knots. "It looks nice, I mean. I just can't see you, that's all." I make a mental note to ditch the makeup tomorrow. Then I get mad at myself for letting some boy that I just met dictate what I do with my own face. Then I get mad at myself for getting mad at myself and remember that I, too, prefer the natural look.
Candace Allan, Text Me, Love Mom: Two Girls, Two Boys, One Empty Nest|Do your parents know you’re here?' asked the lady at social Services. ‘No,’ I said, ‘but I want to know about children’s homes.’ I had to stand on my toes to see over the reception desk.
Dean Cumings|Consider roadblocks in your life as sharks in sea and than imagine what you will do if you are swimming in sea. Will you stop swimming on seeing sharks or double , quadruple your efforts to reach the shore ?
Scott Stabile|What is true for you?What makes your heart smile?When do you feel most yourself?What do you love to do?Ask yourself these questions, and live your life, as best you can,in accordance with the answers.This is how you taste happiness.This is how you love yourself. This is how you grow.
John Fowles, The Ebony Tower|Henry knew sin was a challenge to life; not an act of unreason, but an act of courage and determination.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater Two...."|During his extensive career as an airmail pilot with Aéropostale, Antoine served as the company’s station manager in barren Villa Bens. During the Second World War, although he was older than most, Saint-Exupéry joined the Free French Air Force. On July 31, 1944, as fate would have it, he disappeared on a reconnaissance mission flying a P-38 Lightning over the Mediterranean, somewhere south of Marseille. The body of a French pilot was found a few days after Antoine’s disappearance and was buried in Carqueiranne, France. After his death he became an icon and national hero throughout France. For a fleeting moment I wondered what anyone could do to pass the time of day at such a remote location…. Antoine de Saint-Exupéry used his time to write books!Today the word Aéropostale takes on an entirely new meaning. It has become the name of an American retailer of casual apparel for young people. Go figure….
Mike Pence|We can lick gravity, but sometimes the paperwork is overwhelming.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|My brother asked the birds to forgive him: that sounds senseless, but it is right; for all is like an ocean, all is flowing and blending; a touch in one place sets up movement at the other end of the earth. It may be senseless to beg forgiveness of the birds, but birds would be happier at your side –a little happier, anyway– and children and all animals, if you yourself were nobler than you are now. It’s all like an ocean, I tell you. Then you would pray to the birds too, consumed by an all-embracing love in a sort of transport, and pray that they too will forgive you your sin.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|I figured something out," he said aloud. "The future is unpredictable."Hassan said, "Sometimes the kafir likes to say massively obvious things in a really profound voice.
Tez Brooks, The Single Dad Detour: Directions for Fathering After Divorce|When the conflict deepens, none will have peace either.
Gottfried Leibniz|The physical ego serves as its own worst enemy when, by delusive material behavior, it eclipses its true nature as the ever blessed soul.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|And as men believe, so their world goes." - Merlin
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Turn of the Story|She hesitated, wiping her hands off on her apron. “I’m not sure if I’ll be here when you get back. This place is a little—it’s a little much for me.”She didn’t have to tell him how it was. He had lived here for years, in a house that wanted to be silent until the silence was broken by a certain step and a certain voice, in a house holding its breath for someone’s return. If anyone held their breath long enough, they were dead.
Russell Banks|There is a LOT of bad news every day. The world seems to be getting more and more crazy. So every time you see some bad news, go do something nice for someone or go create something. Write a poem or a song, draw or paint a picture, do something nice for a stranger, even something as simple as complimenting a stranger's outfit or doling out extra smiles during your day. We have to balance out the evil of the world somehow. As artists we are most well equipped to do so!
Ruth Rendell|The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Those who reject Christianity will not be moved by Christ’s statement that poverty is blessed. But here a rather remarkable fact comes to my aid. Those who would most scornfully repudiate Christianity as a mere ‘opiate of the people’ have a contempt for the rich, that is, for all mankind except the poor. They regard the poor as the only people worth preserving from ‘liquidation’, and place in them the only hope for the human race. But this is not compatible with a belief that the effects of poverty on those who suffer it are wholly evil; it even implies that they are good. The Marxist thus finds himself in real agreement with the Christian in those two beliefs which Christianity paradoxically demands – that poverty is blessed and yet ought to be removed.
Alex Callinicos, The Revolutionary Road To Socialism|We want the will of the people, not the votes of the people; and to give a man a vote against his will is to make voting more important than the democracy it declares.
Roland Barthes, The Neutral: Lecture Course at the Collège de France, 1977-1978|As a general rule, desire is always marketable: we don’t do anything but sell, buy, exchange desires. . . . And I think of Bloy’s words: “there is nothing perfectly beautiful except what is invisible and above all unbuyable.
Dada Bhagwan|If at all the energies of the Soul (Atmashakti) gets wasted, it is due to conflicts. Endless energy is lost due to conflicts! Even with slightest collision (conflict) it is all over! If we maintain equanimity with awareness and do not conflict with the other person, then work will go on.
George Sand|One is happy as a result of one's own efforts once one knows the necessary ingredients of happiness: simple tastes, a certain degree of courage, self denial to a point, love of work, and above all, a clear conscience.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Being in a hurry. Getting to the next thing without fully entering the thing in front of me. I cannot think of a single advantage I've ever gained from being in a hurry. But a thousand broken and missed things, tens of thousands, lie in the wake of all the rushing.... Through all that haste I thought I was making up time. It turns out I was throwing it away.
Veronica Henry, How to Find Love in a Bookshop|There's a book for everyone, even if they don't think there is. A book that reaches in and grabs your soul.
Russell Gold, The Boom: How Fracking Ignited the American Energy Revolution and Changed the World|Fracking ensures that the age of oil-and it's princely hydrocarbon cousin, the natural gas molecule-will not end because we have run out of fossil fuels. But it may end because burning these wonderful fuels puts the planet farther down a path we don't want to head down
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|It's funny, leaving a place, ain't it?" he said. "You never do know when you'll get back.
Sean Paul|I really struggle with that feeling of helplessness. That's why I really try to get my blogs, and even myself, to point to the positive and look at all the inspiring things that are happening.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If our faith isn’t rooted in the Bible, it will wither like a plant pulled out of the soil.
Jennifer Silverwood, Stay|For I had loved Seid even in his darkest hours, even as he cursed me and we rode upon a fine line between ardor and abhorrence
Trisha Yearwood|To be a Southern Ground artist, you have to be a lifer. It's not about winning a karaoke contest or a television show to become famous. It's about really paying your dues. It's people I'm fans of and want to help in the business.
Vignesh Karthi|HELP!”I race to the square, crossing it, looking all around, listenin
T.K. Naliaka|Use all this life to make yourself a great writer, thoughtful and kind, slowly, surely over the years.
Lee Child, Running Blind|Somebody's got to win this war, right?
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|I'm not going to wear a red dress," she said."It would look stunning, My Lady," she called.She spoke to the bubbles gathered on the surface of the water. "If there's anyone I wish to stun at dinner, I'll hit him in the face.
Ally Condie, Matched|Well, you ought to stick with it, even after you mess up-but sticking with it is a lot easier if you have a family who believes in you.
Massimo Marino, Daimones|Once you truly understand that it is okay to lose or fail, you are free, you have nothing to fear, and only then, can nothing in this world hold you back.
Mark O'Connell, To Be a Machine: Adventures Among Cyborgs, Utopians, Hackers, and the Futurists Solving the Modest Problem of Death|If you really have to get shot, Belfast is one of the best places to do it. After twenty years of the Troubles, and after thousands of assassination attempts and punishment shootings, Belfast has trained many of the best gunshot-trauma surgeons in the world.
Matthew Kelly, The Seven Levels of Intimacy: The Art of Loving and the Joy of Being Loved|It’s not a bad lesson to learn in the bleaker months: how you view a storm is a question of perspective; provided you find the right rock to watch it from, it could be the most incredible thing you’ll ever witness.
J.R.  Young|When one is being driven to the edge, we either fight back or jump
Atsuko Asano, No.6, Volume 8|No. I made that choice. I let all that anger and pain get twisted up in my thoughts for you.” He leaned in. “It fucking kills me. Every night. I relive what I did to you every night.” His forehead rested against mine. “Until you,” he said softly, “I never felt truly helpless.
Alec Baldwin|It's a facet of the gay rights movement that people don't think about enough. Why suddenly marriage equality? Because it wasn't until 1981 that the court struck down Louisiana's 'head and master rule,' that the husband was head and master of the house.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child|Mary thus learns that the Most High has ever borne a Son in his bosom, and that this Son has now chosen her bosom as dwelling-place.
Jack Womack, Heathern|Grant Allen once said that an Englishman's idea of God was another Englishman twelve feet high, and I suppose that is more or less everybody's idea of God- with the necessary geographical adjustment. Zenith Brown has an idea about God that pleases me. 'God,' says Mrs. Brown, 'is obviously a friendly enough Old Gentleman most of the time, Who wishes us well and tries to see to it that we are reasonably happy. It is equally obvious the He has an idiot brother who takes over the reins whenever God Himself goes fishing. It is when the idiot brother is in charge of things that the world goes wrong and we have wars, famines, and pestilences on earth.
Lemony Snicket, The End|All my trapped tears are in there like poison, but I can't let them out.
RVM|Move on, don’t let the little things of Life hold you back. Forget, Forgive, and Move on.- RVM
Thomas Szasz|The true test of liberty is the right to test it, the right to question it, the right to speak to my neighbors, to grab them by the shoulders and look into their eyes and ask, “Are we free?” I have thought that if we are free, the answer cannot hurt us. And if we are not free, must we not hear the answer?
Joanna Shupe, Magnate|Yes, and you did it spectacularly. They were the best non words ever not spoken.
John Leonard|In the cellars of the night, when the mind starts moving around old trunks of bad times, the pain of this and the same of that, the memory of a small boldness is a hand to hold.
Vijay Govindarajan, The Other Side of Innovation: Solving the Execution Challenge|It was the combination of EC2 and S3 - storage and compute, two primitives linked together - that transformed both AWS and the technology world. Startups no longer needed to spend their venture capital on buying servers and hiring specialized engineers to run them. Infrastructure costs were variable instead of fixed, and they could grow in direct proportion to revenues. It freed companies to experiment, to change their business models with a minimum of pain, and to keep up with the rapidly growing audiences of erupting social networks like Facebook and Twitter.
Compton Gage|At the same time shall men hope, but nothing obtain: they shall labor, but their ways shall not prosper.
Debasish Mridha|For those who trust, life is a blessing. For those who don't trust, life is suffering.
Ernest Becker, The Birth and Death of Meaning: An Interdisciplinary Perspective on the Problem of Man|She turned and bolted out the door. She had learnt an important lesson - "When a man paid 'for' you...you paid 'to' him." It was her first Valentine slaughter.
Connie Kerbs|Three, 300, or 3000 - these are the number of unknown days, each too little and too much at the same time, to see an irrevocably declined loved one languish and suffer, with death lingering in the doorway, but never quite being sent all the way in, to comfort and carry our loved one to that Better Place.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|This, in every hour and every issue, is your basic moral choice: thinking or non-thinking, existence or non-existence, A or non-A, entity or zero.
Letitia Landon|In a research-poor context,isolated experience replaces professional knowledge as the dominant influence on how teachers teach.
Deyth Banger|You are making few things on your new device or thing.... and you are just saying by your face "Look me, look what I can do..." - Oh, oh forgot sake just leave me alone. Because this is totally bullshit! (That's my opinon, you don't know as much as your face is showing... Your face is showing, oh look me I know everything, but unfortnately you just know little from everything)
Louise Rennison, Stop in the Name of Pants!|Rosie get off your desk, and please put your beard away.
Willa Valentine|Maybe it was Cara's version of darkness that told me she was empty. She didn't believe in letting light in through cracks or streams, and I'm not sure she believed in letting it in at all. Cara was the empty feeling in my heart, the offness of the drumbeat in a funeral song. She didn't believe in letting the light in through cracks because she didn't believe in letting the light in at all.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|My fiancé immediately began to look uncomfortable, but did not voice this discomfort except by a soft gurgling sound in the throat . . . The gurgling escalated, but my mother politely switched on the dishwasher, and soon we heard mostly the sound of machinery rather than that of a person's feelings surfacing.
frére dupont|Politically, he was a humanitarian who did know right from left and was trapped uncomfortably between the two. He was constantly defending his Communist friends to his right-wing enemies and his right-wing friends to his Communist enemies, and he was thoroughly detested by both groups, who never defended him to anyone because they thought he was a dope.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Fame is not the reason why brands are created and erected. Be diligent, focused and chain unceasing prayers to God who will continue giving you cheers.
Linda W. Yezak|If you're a writer, write. And always strive for excellence.
Ernst Cassirer, The Philosophy of Symbolic Forms 3: The Phenomenology of Knowledge|Absolute trust in the reality of things begins to be shaken as the problem of truth enters upon the scene. The moment man ceases merely to live in and with reality and demands a knowledge of this reality, he moves into a new and fundamentally different relation to it. At first, to be sure, the question of truth seems to apply only to particular parts and not to the whole of reality. Within this whole different strata of validity begin to be marked off, reality seems to separate sharply from appearance. But it lies in the very nature of the problem of truth that once it arises it never comes to rest. The concept of truth conceals an immanent dialectic that drives it inexorably forward, forever extending its limits.
Jo Brand|Vanity, showing off, is an attitude that reduces spirituality to a worldly thing, which is the worst sin that could be committed in the church.
Maryum Ahsam|Our body is like a cage & heart is the bird in it " during Paryer the bird(heart) must not be wandering here & there.
Kellie Hart, Bombshell|Ladies, I think I speak for the majority of us on the face of the planet when I say we all have that guy who’s grown on us like a f*cking fungus. You know the kind I’m talking about--maybe he was your high school teacher or best friend’s dad--some piece of man candy so hot and edible that no matter what you do, you can’t outrun the pull he has on you.
Tom Rath|I am positive - determined to move forward with my life, bring up my babies, and do the best job I can as a mother, entertainer, and person.
Epicurus|The dead praetor raised his sword. ''Our desires reveal us. They show us for who we really are. Someone has come come for you, Jason Grace.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Pride is not your friend. He would have you think he is, that he affords you strength and courage, but in truth he robs you of your health and by slow, diluted degrees steals your might. He is a crafty and cunning liar who would have you think that stubborn, unapologetic, superior, boastful, and popular are admirable traits. Pride would convince you that being right is more crucial than being kind. He would have you sever relationships, even turn your back on family and friends rather than utter a humble apology. To do so is beneath you, pride would say. He would have you fight like a raptor and gnash your teeth while jutting out an inflexible jaw to defend and protect him, regardless of who is hurt in the process. He would use and demean you in order to puff up and fortify himself. He would destroy your life and every meaningful association before casting you aside without a hint of remorse. Again, Pride is not your friend.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|The kiss wasn’t just any kiss. No, it was a tricky little bastard, because it started out soft and gentle, but shifted gears in a matter of seconds. The moment her response went from surprise to surrender, the kiss turned hard and hungry, launching us into a frenzy of movement. Her arms were around my neck, my hands were moving all over her body, and somehow, in a span of about five seconds, she climbed up me like a tree, her legs wrapped tightly around my waist.We spun and bumped into the counter. I reached behind my back with one hand to tighten the cross of her ankles. And then I had her sitting on the edge of the stovetop, my hands exploring the tops of her thighs. I pushed the ruffled skirt hem up and clasped on to her bare, silky skin. Her tongue dove to the back of my throat, sliding over mine like wet, slick velvet.Holy mother fuck, I couldn’t breathe. I was drowning in this girl.
James Fenton|A theology should be like poetry, which takes us to the end of what words and thoughts can do.
H.L. Hunt|Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|Your body is yours to protect and to enjoy.” She raises both eyebrows at me meaningfully. “Whoever you should choose to partake in that enjoyment, that is your choice, and choose wisely. Every man that ever got to touch me was afforded an honor. A privilege.” Stormy waves her hand over me. “All this? It’s a privilege to worship at this temple, do you understand my meaning? Not just any young fool can approach the throne. Remember my words, Lara Jean. You decide who, how far, and how often, if ever.”“I had no idea you were such a feminist,” I say. “Feminist?” Stormy makes a disgusted sound in her throat. “I’m no feminist. Really, Lara Jean!” “Stormy, don’t get worked up about it. All it means is that you believe men and women are equal, and should have equal rights.” “I don’t think any man is my equal. Women are far superior, and don’t you forget it. Don’t forget any of the things I just told you.
David Ferrers|Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Now take a human body. Why wouldn't you like to see a human body with a curling tail with a crest of ostrich feathers at the end? And with ears shaped like acanthus leaves? It would be ornamental, you know, instead of the stark, bare ugliness we have now. Well, why don't you like the idea? Because it would be useless and pointless. Because the beauty of the human body is that is hasn't a single muscle which doesn't serve its purpose; that there's not a line wasted; that every detail of it fits one idea, the idea of a man and the life of a man.
Chris Kraus|If women have failed to make “universal” art because we’re trapped within the “personal,” why not universalize the “personal” and make it the subject of our art?
W.E.B. Du Bois|Once you have mastered the craft, you can use it for whatever purpose you choose.
Dzintra Sullivan, Arkadia|That girl is just plain crazy," Chey said as she looped her arm through Arkadia's. 'I swear when they were handing out social skills she was still in the line for shoes.
Colleen McMahon|The only true forms of equality are equality at the Last Judgment and equality before a just court of law; all other attempts at levelling must lead, at best, to social stagnation.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|I believe that. All divorce does is divert you, taking you away from everything you thought you knew and everything you thought u wanted and steering you into all kinds of other stuff, like discussions about your mother's girdle and whether she should marry someone else.
Harrison Scott Key, The World's Largest Man: A Memoir|Was I the only one who became unsettled and swoonish at the sight of a large, inverted carcass hanging from a tree, its vital organs strewn about like children's toys, the occasional pack of hunting dogs fighting over a lung, another one looking for a quiet place to enjoy the severed head? It happened all the time and nobody else seemed bothered. People just walked up to the bloody carcasses and carried on entirely normal conversations, as though a man wasn't standing there squeezing deer feces out of a large intestine and small children weren't playing football with a liver.
Galt Niederhoffer, The Romantics|You remember how he used to be girl on either arm? You really don't see that guy too much anymore. Why do you think that is? He's waiting for you. I know you're dealing with stuff but you cannot ask him to wait forever! Unless of course, you're okay with him pulling away.""What if it doesn't work out? What if it ends up like you and Javier?""Well at least we gave it a shot. And so it didn't work out, so what? Now, we can move on give or take the occasional booty call.""I just don't wanna lose what we have, you know?""Girl please! What exactly do you have, really?""A friendship.""No. What you and I have is a friendship. What you and castle have is a holding pattern. How long can you circle before the fuel runs out?
Daniel Kahneman|We have initiated programs for re-entry offenders, since some 500,000 to 600,000 offenders will come out of prison each year for the next three or four years. We want to have positive alternatives when they come back to the community.
Johnny Depp|I am your fairy tale. Your dream. Your wishes and desires, and I am your thirst and your hunger and your food and your drink.
Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing|Deep in each man is the knowledge that something knows of his existence. Something knows, and cannot be fled nor hid from.
Steven Brust|You've got to trust your instincts, your judgment and trust the storytelling that came before and the quality of the acting with the emotion.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|She made an impatient noise. "By the Angel, you don't know anything about your kid, do you? Do you even really know how vampires are made?""Well, when a mommy vampire and a daddy vampire love each other very much ... 
Isaac Asimov|The kitchen's a laboratory, and everything that happens there has to do with science. It's biology, chemistry, physics. Yes, there's history. Yes, there's artistry. Yes, to all of that. But what happened there, what actually happens to the food is all science.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|A very excellent and worthy person, thoroughly reliable in every particular.
Ray Kurzweil|If you write a blog post, you've got something to say; you're not just creating words and synonyms. We'd like the computers to actually pick up on that semantic meaning.
Liu Cixin|As the four girls were taking her father's life, she had tried to rush onto the stage. But two old university janitors held her down and whispered into her ear that she would lose her own life if she went.
Guy Sajer, The Forgotten Soldier|Ciba: "I thought you were supposed to be some big brave war hero. What about that goddamn gold star you polish every night?"Natalya: "You know what this shiny piece of tin is, you fucking space cadet? It's the way stupid boys trick other stupid boys into dying for bullshit causes ... and I'm done acting like one of them.
Kindle Alexander, Always|I love you, Avery. Always. You completed my life. You made me whole, gave me hope, made me a better man. For me, you were everything right in my life." - Kane Dalton
Lailah Gifty Akita|There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|Let me tell you something about me. I love vengeance like normal people love sunsets and long walks on the beach. I eat vengeance with a spoon like it's honey. In fact, I may not even be a real person, but just a vow of vengeance made flesh.
C.J. Milbrandt, On Your Marks: The Adventure Begins|Nice try, mister, but being cute won't save you.
Robert Vanleeuwen|It is good to be jealous, if only of yourself. For what you feel you lack, you will show an abundance.
Joe Bageant, Deer Hunting with Jesus: Dispatches from America's Class War|Republican or Democrat, this nation's affluent urban and suburban classes understand their bread is buttered on the corporate side. The primary difference between the two parties is that the Republicans pretty much admit that they grasp and even endorse some of the nastiest facts of life in America. Republicans honestly tell the world: "Listen in on my phone calls, piss-test me until I'm blind, kill and eat all of my neighbors right in front of my eyes, but show me the money! Let me escape with every cent I can kick out of the suckers, the taxpayers, and anybody else I can get a headlock on, legally or otherwise." Democrats, in contrast, seem content to catalog the GOP's outrages against the Republic, showing proper indignation while laughing at episodes of The Daily Show. But they stand behind the American brand: imperialism. They "support our troops," though you will be hard put to find any of them who have served alongside them or who would send one of their own kids off to lose an eye or an arm in Iraq. They play the imperial game, maintain their credit ratings, and plan to keep the beach house and the retirement investments if it means sacrificing every damned Lynndie England in West Virginia.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I make mistakes like the next man. In fact, being--forgive me--rather cleverer than most men, my mistakes tend to be correspondingly huger.
Steve Case|If you like overheads, you'll love PowerPoint.
Tamora Pierce, In the Hand of the Goddess|Some scientists claim that hydrogen, because it is so plentiful, is the basic building block of the universe. I dispute that. I say there is more stupidity than hydrogen, and that is the basic building block of the universe.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer Returns: Sometimes You Find Perspective, and Sometimes Perspective Finds You|Once I thought it delightful and astonishing to find a present so big that it only went halfway into the stocking. Now I am delighted and astonished every morning to find a present so big that it takes two stockings to hold it, and then leaves a great deal outside; it is the large and preposterous present of myself.
Jennifer Jabaley, Lipstick Apology|Being thin does not equal being happy. I promise you that. You want to lose weight, fine. But do it to be healthy, not because you want to look like the girl on the cover of some magazine.
Sara Bergmark Elfgren|Dana raised her hand. "I learned about exaggeration," she said. "It was all my teacher ever talked about. We had like ten thousand tests on it, and the teacher would kill you if you didn't spell it right." "That's very good, Dana!" said Mrs. Jewls. "You learned your lesson well.
Dominic Riccitello|He was beautiful and still is, we just couldn’t flow within the same constellation.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|When we're connected to others, we become better people.
Anita Dittman, Trapped in Hitler's Hell: A Young Jewish Girl Discovers the Messiah's Faithfulness in the Midst of the Holocaust|God's people do not need to fear. God delivers. And if He does not deliver, He sustains. And if He does not sustain, He receives us into His everlasting arms - for He is sovereign! God be praised.
Ethel Percy Andrus|The free market economy is supposed to be the only path leading to the happiness of humanity by promoting wealth and prosperity, power and influence of nations.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|I did not say anything. I was always embarrassed by the words sacred, glorious, and sacrifice and the expression in vain. We had heard them, sometimes standing in the rain almost out of earshot, so that only the shouted words came through, and had read them on proclamations that were slapped up by billposters over other proclamations, now for a long time, and I had seen nothing sacred, and the things that were glorious had no glory and the sacrifices were like the stock yards at Chicago if nothing was done with the meat except to bury it.
Judith Tarr, White Mare's Daughter|Agni was her brother and she loved him, and he often understood her, but he was a man. In the end he thought as a man thinks, of owning and mastering.
Jessica St. Clair|Here in Silicon Valley, I have taken part in hundreds of conversations trying to convince people to dive in and become entrepreneurs. All too often, innovators with good, safe, jobs are unwilling to put their family's access to health care at risk by walking away from company-backed medical insurance.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|Science, while of value in so far as it can be used to address and even answer logical or technical questions, cannot and thus should not be used to create new (ultimate) values or provide a final judgement on the legitimacy of values themselves. Weber argues that it is the duty of the vocational scientist to recognize this, and to avoid at all costs presenting academic prophecies in the guise of value-free science. This calls not simply for the vocation of science to be imbued with a sense of ethical responsibility, but for science itself to be a self-reflective practice, one that identifies and calls into question its own presuppositions. In this respect, Weber, like Nietzsche, argues that 'science requires superintendence and supervision', for it is to proceed within strictly defined limits, and beyond this is to remain accountable for its own presuppositions or values. And it is on this basis that science may assume an objective form, and with this become, paradoxically, a practice that is valuable, if not necessarily meaningful, in its own right... it is, in general, to serve life and not vice versa...
ademalanujener|Principles? Principles won’t do. Acquisitions, clothes, pretty rags—rags that would fly off at the first good shake. No; you want a deliberate belief.
Jay Samit|I pledge as Taoiseach to use my office, for as long as I hold it, to advance the cause of LGBT rights, to press for marriage equality across Ireland, to speak up for LGBT rights around the world where they are under attack, and to push for the implementation of the sexual health strategy here at home at a time when it is more important than ever.
Anne Rice, Blood Canticle|I just don’t understand how you can get so much comfort from a religion whose language does so much harm.”…I realized that what troubled me most was her use of the word “comfort,” so in my reply I addressed that first. I said that I didn’t think it was comfort I was seeking, or comfort that I’d found. Look, I said to her, as a rush of words came to me. As far as I’m concerned, this religion has saved my life, my husband’s life, and our marriage. So it’s not comfort that I’m talking about but salvation.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|[That wall] might be breached sometime in the future, but for now the only real conversation between them was the roots that had already grown low and deep, under the wall, where they could not be broken.The most terrible thing, though, was the fear that the wall could never be breached, that in his heart Alai was glad of the separation, and was ready to be Ender's enemy. For now that they could not be together, they must be infinitely apart, and what had been sure and unshakable was now fragile and insubstantial; from the moment we are not together, Alai is a stranger, for he has a life now that will be no part of mine, and that means that when I see him we will not know each other.
Bertrand Russell|In the visible world, the Milky Way is a tiny fragment; within this fragment, the solar system is an infinitesimal speck, and of this speck our planet is a microscopic dot. On this dot, tiny lumps of impure carbon and water, of complicated structure, with somewhat unusual physical and chemical properties, crawl about for a few years, until they are dissolved again into the elements of which they are compounded.
Debasish Mridha|If you play with dirt, no matter if you win or lose, either way you will get dirty.
Nenia Campbell, Black Beast|Maybe it frightened them, to admit that a woman could be master of her fate.
Suzy Kassem|When the heart is beautiful, its light shines through the eyes, vocal tones and actions of its master. True beauty is not in the body, but in the heart of the beholder.
Elizabeth George|Between the Bible and the Holy Spirit, you have everything you need to grow spiritually. And the more you grow, the more God can use you.
Joyce Thomas, Skins: Poems|Sun-struck, stuck in mid tropic strut, it sometimes standsas if considering how to cool avian plastic,dive into the mown lagoon of lawn;how take flight on dayglow flap-doodle wings, no matterif it is ball-bald going nowhere fast.
Kiera Cass, The Crown|Whatever you are physically ... male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy -- all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. All those other things, they are the glass that contains the lamp, but you are the light inside." - Jem Carstairs, Clockwork Angel
Lynda Barry|There is happiness in duty, although it may not seem so.
William James|Selection is the very keel on which our mental ship is built. And in this case of memory its utility is obvious. If we remembered everything, we should on most occasions be as ill off as if we remembered nothing.
Brandon Boyd, White Fluffy Clouds: Found Inspiration Moving Forward|When I was young I wanted to be just like him.One of the charm, of a bright orange smileand muscular laughter.Bold brown eyes flashing fearlesswhen he sat not alone on cold blue nights in empty boxcars.Riding a freight train'ssolitary wailaway from NebraskaDepression, accompanying dreamswithered farms.Nothing left but the leaves of possibilities.
Mike Birbiglia, Sleepwalk with Me|Today, I look forward and I see a future in which games once again are explicitly designed to improve quality of life, to prevent suffering, and to create real, widespread happiness.
Vivian Amis, I Am: The Key to Manifesting|To think is to have doubt....yet even thinking will bring you to "no thought"....eventually.
Anne Lamott|Hope is the motivation that empowers the unemployed, enabling them to get out of bed every single morning with unbounded enthusiasm as they look for work.
Ma Jian|History has remembered the kings and warriors, because they destroyed; art has remembered the people, because they created.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone's Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Being confident means you know who you are, your strength and your limitation.
Debasish Mridha|When nothing is possible, then do the impossible.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|One does no question miracles, or complain that they are no constructed perfectly to one's liking.
Joel McHale Commenting on print journalism at the White House Correspondents Dinner 2014|If you're not pitching, stop bitching
Flora  Roberts, Second Time Around|I walked around him, champagne in hand. Great feeling.-Give me a flash, he said – just a little quick… I flashed opened the coat as I strolled by. He exhaled with a sigh- O, he said, Please Again.This time I stood squarely in front of him. He was sitting on the beautiful new over stuffed chair, and swung the coat open, all the way open. And then slowly closed it, and walked away, hips and heels swaying away from him.I could hear the groan. God, this was powerful.He came up behind me and slid his hand down over the fur, the softness, silkiness of the lining flowed over my naked body, a caress on every inch of my flesh –umm indeed.Now he was sliding his hands up my legs and under the coat.-Aah,Aah not yet, I said and pulled away from him.He moaned again – Please, he said…
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|For many of us, the job-hunt offers a chance to make some fundamental changes in our whole life. It marksa turning point in how we live our life.It gives us a chance to ponder and reflect, to extend our mental horizons, to go deeper into the subsoilof our soul.It gives us a chance to wrestle with the question, “Why am I here on Earth?” We don’t want to feel thatwe are just another grain of sand lying on the beach called humanity, unnumbered and lost in the billionsof other human beings.We want to do more than plod through life, going to work, coming home from work. We want to findthat special joy, “that no one can take from us,” which comes from having a sense of Mission in our life.We want to feel we were put here on Earth for some special purpose, to do some unique work that onlywe can accomplish.We want to know what our Mission is.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain: The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Faith often comes from patience and remembering that sometimes patience is taking a deep breath and listening to that little voice on the inside saying, 'Don't worry, everything is going to be all right.
Jim Butcher|God isn't about making good things happen to you, or bad things happen to you. He's all about you making choices--exercising the gift of free will. God wants you to have good things and a good life, but He won't gift wrap them for you. You have to choose the actions that lead you to that life.
Hannah Arendt, Eichmann in Jerusalem: A Report on the Banality of Evil|Malachi 3: 8-9 is probably the most misrepresented scripture tithing advocates quote in the Bible. They contend that anyone that does not pay tithe is robbing God and will be cursed. However, Malachi was not speaking to the Jewish nation he was speaking to the priests. The priests were the ones criticized for robbing God and received the curse for failing to follow God’s ordinances. They were withholding the best meats for themselves and offering God “blemished” sacrifices.Pastors that knowingly deceive others by preaching a false tithing doctrine are the real thieves and are no different than the priests that Malachi rebuked. They are blind guides that lead God’s people astray. They have cherry picked certain principles from God’s tithing system and turned it into something that looks nothing like Moses’ design. It is an inequitable system that does not provide for the poor and allow prosperity preachers and false teachers to profit far beyond the members of their congregation.
Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human|Even now it comes as a shock if by chance I notice in the street a face resembling someone I know however slightly, and I am at once seized by a shivering violent enough to make me dizzy.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|I thought we were perfect for each other.""There's no such thing as perfect," Eli commiserated.
Apostle T. Vutabwashe|Never think you can convince God through prayer for a blessing. Praying for prosperity is a wrong weapon for war. If prayer could bring money, all intercessors would be billionaires.
Walt Mossberg|Girls have a tendency to take responsibility for romantic misinterpretations, when often it's men whose perfectly honed emotional inscrutability makes life more complicated than it should be.
Latika Teotia|I pray to God to give you a happy life filled with compassion, kindness and peace. May joy never leave your door step. May your house always ring with the laughter of friends and family. May your good fortune increase day by day.
Nicholas Kristof|Religion is the solid basis of good morals; therefore education should teach the precepts of religion, and the duties of man toward God.
Gwendolyn Heasley, A Long Way from You|We are our stories - dozens, hundreds, thousands of them - sprayed across our memories, embedded in our identity. Calling them up for others or for ourselves or for God, can enlighten, crush, amuse, trap, or free us, depending on how we pay attention.
Roger Federer|Positive culture comes from being mindful, and respecting your coworkers, and being empathetic.
Tite Kubo, Bleach―ブリーチ― 74 [Burīchi 74]|... What of this "despair?" I know it all too well... because up until now... I've climbed up, kicked it in it's teeth, and surpassed it... over and over again just to make it to this very moment!
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|You may be desperate, but never let anyone see you as anything less than a cultivated woman.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|I couldn't pick just one.The moment I'd touched the sugar packet, a thousand thoughts cascaded through my
Matshona Dhliwayo|Smile, just to infuriate those who envy you.
Drew Myron|I can't recall the sound of your voiceStill, I bring flowers and meet the skyask it to hold me, too.
David Brazzeal, Pray Like a Gourmet: Creative Ways to Feed Your Soul|As a kid, I was taught that if you opened the Bible in the middle you'd probably land on the book of Psalms. And near the middle is everyone's favorite, the 23rd, there is this line: "You prepare a table before in the presence of my enemies." I don't know how many times I've read or recited this Psalm without pondering what that line actually means, but here is my take on it. When things are a bit tense, when life is not going at its best, when the potential for disaster is just around the corner, when your enemies are all around you - and even staring you down! - that's when God lays out the red-checkered picnic cloth and says, "Oooo, this is a nice place. Let's hang out here together for a while...just you and me.
Brahms Lewis|Liss squinted, searching frantically for Angie and Beth and Bradley. She couldn't spot them anywhere. Her chest rose and fell in time with her agitated breathing. What if they were still inside? What if they were trapped?Struggling for calm, Liss told herself that they must have escaped. Angie was scrupulous about changing her smoke-alarm batteries. She and her kids would have had plenty of time to get out. Heck, Angie was probably the one who'd alerted the fire department.But where was she? Where were Beth and Bradley?
Andrew James Pritchard, Circle In the Sand|-The very absence of the freedom to criticise against your own or any other government is all the more a reason to loudly shout-out for democracy! If that is wrong, Drew boldly went on, -then I would rather be wrong then to be numbered among the majority of the so-called righteous people whose only mandate seems to be controlling people. If a government is against its people expressing themselves, then that government is obviously hiding something criminal from its people and the world, and it is therefore afraid of being exposed and losing whatever power it has.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Monsters excite us in this way or that.They make our pulse thrum and steal lives from the cat!They're frightening creatures, one peek and you'll see.Yet life without monsters, how dull it would be.Your tense, nervous laugh tells me you disagree?
Genereux Philip|Fake is the new real,You gotta keep a lot a shit to yourself.
Isaac Asimov|In the problem of women was the germ of a solution, not only for their oppression, but for everybody's. The control of women in society was ingeniously effective. It was not done directly by the state. Instead the family was used- men to control women, women to control children, all to be preoccupied with one another , to turn to one another for help, to blame one another for trouble, to do violence to one another when things weren't going right. Why could this not be turned around? Could women liberating themselves, children freeing themselves, men and women beginning to understand one another, find the source of their common oppression outside rather than in one another? Perhaps then they could create nuggets of strength in their own relationships, millions of pockets of insurrection. They could revolutionize thought and behavior in exactly that seclusion of family privacy which the system had counted on to do its work of control and indoctrination. And together, instead of at odds- male, female, parents, children- they could undertake the changing of society itself.
Nate Berkus|In order to properly understand the big picture, everyone should fear becoming mentally clouded and obsessed with one small section of truth.
Imania Margria|The heart is a rare, unique treasure because it is strong and vulnerable at the same time. It is strong in its persistence to sustain life, yet it is vulnerable to both emotional and physical wounds.
Robert  Black|You're the measure of my true decline. Your home isn't in the underworld, you live in the back room of the liquor store. My eternally hung-over angel, my Satan crawling like an amber worm from a bottle of Zoladkowa Gorzka.
Sunday Adelaja|Wealth will always find a way of escaping from societies without an established system of truth and honesty, into societies that are well established in truth and honesty.
Seraphim Rose, God's Revelation to the Human Heart|I must not forget that these coarsely-clad little peasants are of flesh and blood as good as the scions of the gentlest genealogy; and that the germs of native excellence, refinement, intelligence, kind feeling, are as likely to exist in their hearts as in those of the best born. My duty will be to develop these germs: surely I shall find some happiness in discharging that office.
Toni Pike, The Magus Covenant|The only good thing to come out of it was a kind of wisdom in Hirsch. He’d grown to understand that police officers can drift over time, and it isn’t always or entirely conscious but a loss of perspective. Real and imagined grievances develop, a feeling that the job deserved greater and better public recognition. Rewards, for example, in the form of more money, more or better sex, a promotion, a junket to an interstate conference, greater respect in general. Some of these rewards were graspable, others the thwarted dreams that drove their grievances. Cynism set it. The bad guys always got away with it, and the media seized on the police officer who took a bribe rather than the one who helped orphans. So why not take shortcuts and bend the rules??
Alexander Pope|Now science has presented us with a hope called stem cell research, which may provide our scientists with many answers that have for so long been beyond our grasp.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Never force yourself on another. If you do this, then this is you trampling on your own dignity without the external help.
C.S. Lewis|You can't know, you can only believe - or not.
Walter Scott|But, masters, remember that I am an ass; though it be not written down, yet forget not that I am an ass.
Ann Druyan|The aspirations of democracy are based on the notion of an informed citizenry, capable of making wise decisions. The choices we are asked to make become increasingly complex. They require the longer-term thinking and greater tolerance for ambiguity that science fosters. The new economy is predicated on a continuous pipeline of scientific and technological innovation. It can not exist without workers and consumers who are mathematically and scientifically literate. 
C.G. Jung|Your stuff starts out being just for you, in other words, but then it goes out. Once you know what the story is and get it right - as right as you can, anyway - it belongs to anyone who wants to read it. Or criticize it. If you're very lucky...more will want to do the former than the latter.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Reprieve|Still, somewhere in the depths of ourselves we all harbor an ashamed, unsatisfied melancholy that quietly awaits a funeral.
Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|Well, Mr. Frankel, who started this program, began to suffer from the computer disease that anybody who works with computers now knows about. It's a very serious disease and it interferes completely with the work. The trouble with computers is you *play* with them. They are so wonderful. You have these switches - if it's an even number you do this, if it's an odd number you do that - and pretty soon you can do more and more elaborate things if you are clever enough, on one machine.After a while the whole system broke down. Frankel wasn't paying any attention; he wasn't supervising anybody. The system was going very, very slowly - while he was sitting in a room figuring out how to make one tabulator automatically print arc-tangent X, and then it would start and it would print columns and then bitsi, bitsi, bitsi, and calculate the arc-tangent automatically by integrating as it went along and make a whole table in one operation.Absolutely useless. We *had* tables of arc-tangents. But if you've ever worked with computers, you understand the disease - the *delight* in being able to see how much you can do. But he got the disease for the first time, the poor fellow who invented the thing.
Robert Junior|Loyalty, love and respect perhaps have never been expounded with such agility like this one ‘Loyalty has its roots in respect and respect is the fruit of Love, and Love drives out the demons of the imagination – which distrust everything and everyone – and, instead, returns purity to our gaze’. He cites that ‘Loyalty can never be imposed by force, fear, insecurity or intimidation’. ‘And because it is a choice, it will never tolerate betrayal, but will always be generous with mistakes’.
Antonia Fraser, The Wives of Henry VIII|[In 16th century European society] Marriage was the triumphal arch through which women, almost without exception, had to pass in order to reach the public eye. And after marriage followed, in theory, the total self-abnegation of the woman.
Tadeusz Konwicki, A Minor Apocalypse|Yes, I am confusing literature with life. I'm declaring my own ordinary life to be a work of literature.
Joanne Madeline Moore, Love and Sex Signs: Venus, Mars and Astrology|Make your inner foundations strong and secure and then you can enjoy your partner, rather than feeling you must own them.
Auliq Ice|There is no future in the past and there is no real hope in the future, only regrets, worries, plans and aim for the best.
Louis Pasteur, Correspondence of Pasteur and Thuillier Concerning Anthrax and Swine Fever Vaccinations|Where there were once several competing approaches to medicine, there is now only one that matters to most hospitals, insurers, and the vast majority of the public. One that has been shaped to a great degree by the successful development of potent cures that followed the discovery of sulfa drugs. Aspiring caregivers today are chosen as much (or more) for their scientific abilities, their talent for mastering these manifold technological and pharmaceutical advances as for their interpersonal skills. A century ago most physicians were careful, conservative observers who provided comfort to patients and their families. Today they act: They prescribe, they treat, they cure. They routinely perform what were once considered miracles. The result, in the view of some, has been a shift in the profession from caregiver to technician. The powerful new drugs changed how care was given as well as who gave it.
Walter Wink, Homosexuality and Christian Faith: Questions of Conscience for the Churches|However, you cannot force smokers to stop, and although all smokers secretly want to, until they are ready to do so a pact just creates additional pressure, which increases their desire to smoke. This turns them into secret smokers, which further increases the feeling of dependency.
Blaque Diamond|When you see yourself in a shattered mirror, don't think of it as the broken pieces of yourself. Think of it as all of the pieces that make up you.
Kaitlyn Deann, The Witches' Sleep|And what if there are no damsels in distress?What if I knew that, and I called your bluff?Don't you think every kitten figures out how to get down,whether or not you ever show up?
Heidi Reagan|...as we mature, we begin to realize that life in the Box remains the same, with few deviations from this norm.
Trent Reznor|Would this country be better off if no one drank? Yes, it would be, but we tried that; it doesn't work. I don't want to tell anybody that they can't have as many drinks as they want every single night of the week as long as they don't get behind the wheel of a car.
Eric Roxas|The length of words used to explain something does not determine the quality of the thought. Yet, I tend to believe that the shorter one can say something, the better it is.
William Herschel|Woodrow Wilson has just made the decision to take part in World War I. What was he feeling then? Did he know the possible outcomes of his decision? Did he feel the burden of American lives on his shoulders? He probably said something like: "Goddamn. I love America but this could be the worst decision in American history." Don't worry yourself Woody, it wasn't.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo|[Reverend James] Dobson says that the [Spongebob Squarepants] video would be watched by millions of elementary school students and includes a reference to being 'tolerant of differences.' The nerve! Who does Spongebob think he is? Jesus Christ? Tolerance will not be, uh, tolerated. Oh, and tolerance is quite possibly closesly connected to gay-ance.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you place two flowers in the same vase, they will not argue over who is more beautiful.
Paul Gauguin, The Writings of a Savage|What is really scary is running naked inside yourself, revealing the real you.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|No shame in saying that I felt a loneliness drifting through me. Funny how it was, everyone perched in their own little world with the deep need to talk, each person with their own tale, beginning in some strange middle point, then trying so hard to tell it all, to have it all make sense, logical and final.
Ben Marcus, Notable American Women|I prefer men who don't fall down and weep, who absorb a blow, who do not scamper and yell when chased, but stand firm, crouch, square off, meet an attack with something like resistance, even if it kills them.
Glen Cook, The Black Company|Nevertheless, four hours after dawn they began dying for their cause.
Anthony J. D'Angelo|I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing.
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|Nearly all rich an powerful people are not notably talented, educated, charming or good-looking. They become rich and powerful by wanting to be rich and powerful.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Yes it is" Eragon said before his courage left him "just like you
Mandy Moore|As we all know, there is inner beauty and outer beauty. If we examine inner beauty, to me there is nothing more beautiful than inner peace, in a man or a woman.
Debasish Mridha|After winter, spring never forgets to come.
Deyth Banger|He tried to look up more about magical curses online – but as usual, the internet wasn’t a huge help, and mostly just its best to convince him he was about to die. - 'Only Human' by Meredith Katz
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|Sometimes the darkness beyond is not glorious at all, it truly is an absolute absence of light. A clawing, needy tar that pulls you down. You drown but you don't. It turns you to lead so you sink faster in its viscous embrace. It robs you of hope and even the memory of hope. It makes you think you've always felt like this, and there's no place to go but down, where it slowly, ravenously digests your will, distilling it into the ebony crude of nightmares. And you know the darkness beyond despair, just as intimately as you know the soaring heights. Because in this and all universes, there is balance. You can't have the one without facing the other. And sometimes you think you can take it because the joy is worth the despair, and sometimes you know you can't take it and how did you ever think you could? And there is the dance; strength and weakness, confidence and desolation.
Sully Tarnish, The Dragon and the Apprentice: A Wizard's Wager|Remember, there were dragons long before men came into the world. Why, it was none other than The Great Dragons of Yore who invented the idea of knighthood. Yes, yes, that’s right! Dragons had knights, Kings, princesses and queens long before men crawled out of the muck.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In this world of pain, you're my vintage wine.
Tamora Pierce, The Realms of the Gods|Do you know, sire, I think that if we live to tell our grandchildren about this war, they will accuse us of making it up.' -Marielle
bell hooks, Talking About a Revolution: Interviews with Michael Albert, Noam Chomsky, Barbara Ehrenreich, bell hooks, Peter Kwong, Winona LaDuke, Manning Marable, Urvashi Vaid, and Howard Zinn|If, as some savants of consciousness suggest, we are actually agreeing to create, from moment to moment, everything we perceive as real, then it stands to reason that we're also responsible for keeping it going in some harmonious manner.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Once one is convinced of the idea of eternal life or death, the person may do almost anything to achieve the reward or avoid punishment. He may fly an airplane into a building or become a missionary to another county. She may become a celibate nun or vow to raise a quiver full of children and homeschool them according to her religion. At the very least, the person will attend church regularly, give money, pray and do other things to ensure good standing with the deity. The root of this action is the hope for a reward and avoidance of punishment.
Kate Winslet|Usually, TED only invites the most accomplished and famous people in the world to give talks.
David Byrne, How Music Works|Recordings aren't time sensitive. You can hear the music you want whether it's morning, noon, or the middle of the night. You can "get into" clubs virtually, "sit" in concert halls you can't afford to visit, go to places that are too far away, or hear people sing about things you don't understand, about lives that are alien, sad, or wonderful. Recorded music can be ripped free from its context, for better and worse. It becomes its own context.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|॥दोहा॥श्रीगुरु चरन सरोज रज, निज मनु मुकुरु सुधारि।बरनउँ रघुबर बिमल जसु, जो दायकु फल चारि॥DohaWith the dust of guru’s lotus feet having,I cleanse the mirror of my soul sparkling,Raghuvar’s spotless glory I be singing,The four fruits of life it ever is giving.- 303 -
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Mr. Quin|Then I resolved that I would go back out there and somehow cope with the situation, despite the fact that I lacked a strategy and was frightened to the pit of my being.
Logan Pearsall Smith|All diseases run into one, old age.
Grace Abbott|In a time of domestic crisis, men of goodwill and generosity should be able to unite regardless of party or politics.
Guglielmo Marconi|Beauty deprived of its proper foils and adjuncts ceases to be enjoyed as beauty, just as light deprived of all shadows ceases to be enjoyed as light.
Frank Herbert, The Dosadi Experiment|Men who leave their mark on the world are very often those who, being gifted and full of nervous power, are at the same time haunted and driven by a dominant idea, and are therefore within a measurable distance of insanity.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|I have become a sour woman. I take no joy in meat nor mead, and song and laughter have become suspicious strangers to me. I am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my heart was once.
Eric Jerome Dickey, Finding Gideon|DNA predisposes a certain behavior, but if your environment doesn't support it, then that behavior won't manifest. When people don't have opportunity, they have to create their own opportunities
William Ellery Channing|If you wish to overcome any difficulty, resolved to endure adversity.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|SLAMMED DOORS, Path of Discouragement. OPEN DOORS, Path of change. Do something different.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|The truth doesn't always set you free; people prefer to believe prettier, neatley wrapped lies
Chris Mentillo|Don't Become An Artist, Actor, Muscian, Producer or Writer, Etc, For Only The Money. You May Be Very Dissapointed.
Charlotte Gray|Human beings who leave behind them no great achievements, but only a series of small kindnesses, have not had wasted lives
Ensan Case, Wingmen|Like war, love - all kinds of love - is for men who can take it. If they dare.
J.M.L. Monsabre|Giving from the heart is supernatural, it manifests into blessings.
Molière, The Misanthrope|That’s the problem with you nearly immortal types,” I said. “You couldn’t spot a pop culture reference if it skittered up and implanted an embryo down your esophagus.
Salvador Dalí|Did you just use juxtaposition in a sentence?" "Yes, Sage" he said patiently. "We use it all the time with art, ... That, and I know how to use a dictionary
Leo Tolstoy|There's nothing so kingly as kindness, and nothing so royal as truth.
Lewis Thomas|I used to start at about 10 at night and work until early morning. My preferred way to work is to start in the early afternoon and work until about 3, go do errands, have dinner, and then write for a few more hours in the evening.
Issa Rae|After spending 460 days as a hostage, I did emerge a fundamentally changed person. But I think, like everyone does as they grow older and probably wiser, I can look back at my earlier life - my history, my mistakes, the joy I felt as a young woman traveling the world - with some objectivity and even some humor.
Amy Bloom|That's the hardest thing about being a mom. You want to be cool, and you want them to like you all the time, but you can't always have that. You're gonna have times where you have to say no, and you won't be the most popular person in the house.
Brian K. Vaughan|Some general advice about writing:WRITE MORE, DO OTHER STUFF LESS.
Sunday Adelaja|Soetsu Yanagi, in the "Unknown Craftsman", writes, "Man is most free when his tools are proportionate to his needs." For example, for optimal productivity, a carpenter needs woodworking tools and an environment conducive to his work, not a steam shovel or army tank.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|I cared about Ben, but I was never in love with him. I was in love with what it said about me that I had a boyfriend like Ben, and that's just different.
Ella Berthoud & Susan Elderkin|To live without zest is to live without an appetite for new experiences, to miss out on the spice, the juice, the edge that makes life thrilling. It is to live with deadened, flattened senses, with your passions unaroused and your curiosity untapped.
Jenny Lundquist, The Charming Life of Izzy Malone|It’s like your whole life you’ve been falling toward the earth, until the moment someone catchesyou. And you realize that somehow you’ve caught her at the same time. And together, instead offalling, you might be able to fly.” The ghost went to the discarded clipping and stared down at thephoto, riveted. “She’s a beaut, isn’t she?”“Sure,” Alex said automatically, although there was nothing of Zoë’s sparkling allure in thephoto, only a hint of resemblance.
Dipak Kumar Pramanik|One instant, you're just a regular Joe, schlepping through your mundane life, and then suddenly - what is this? - nothing has changed, yet you feel stirred by a grace, swollen with wonder, overflowing with bliss. Everything - for no reason whatsoever - is perfect.
Richard Feynman, The Meaning of It All: Thoughts of a Citizen-Scientist|I think a power to do something is of value. Whether the result is a good thing or a bad thing depends on how it is used, but the power is a value.
A.C. Bradley, Oxford Lectures on Poetry|The nature of a work of art is to be not a part, nor yet a copy of the real world but a world in itself, independent, complete, autonomous; and to possess it fully you must enter that world, conform to its laws, and ignore for a time the beliefs, aims, and particular conditions which belong to you in the other world of reality.
Dillon Burroughs, Faith Acts: A Provocative Call to Live What You Believe|As we work together as a team, God grows our dreams into something greater than we can accomplish alone.
Jennifer Ashley, The Wicked Deeds of Daniel Mackenzie|Whatever you had -- I don't know what it was, and that's fine. But it must not be easy for you. You miss him, and that's okay. But you have to figure that if it's too much hard to hang on, then maybe you should let go.
Ludwig Tieck|First of all, I'll tell you who I'm not. I'm not your enemy, so you can put the sharp pointy objects away,' he responded in a light conversational tone, obviously not deterred by my abrasiveness, which only pissed me off more to know he didn't find me to be a threat at all.'Well, first of all, I'll be the judge of that,' I cut him off before he could continue. 'And second of all, I'm not interested in who you're not,' I added.'So you're saying you're interested in who I am?' He gave me a moment to process what he said before a smile broke on his face.My cheeks flamed. 'Hardly. Just interested in whether or not I'll be seeing you around again,' I was seething and beginning to shake with indignation.'So you want to see me again?
Kevin Hearne, Hounded|Yer a good lad, Atticus, mowin’ me lawn and killin’ what Brits come around.
Rupert Dreyfus, Prezident Scumbag!: A Sick Bastard Novella|Competition is often conflated with capitalism, but they are not at all the same. Capitalism involves private ownership of the means of production and distribution, but the word implies nothing about the way in which privately owned firms do business. Capitalism is perfectly compatible with a society in which a powerful state doles out favors to private monopolies, protects some enterprises from others, or even sets the prices privately owned firms may charge for their products. Indeed, while capitalists tend to praise the virtues of competition, many of them would just as soon avoid it.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|We all lose people. We all have to live in the aftermath. It’s how we move forward that counts, but sometimes we are tethered to something in our past that won’t let us move forward.
Amy Zhang, Falling into Place|She had been desperate to feel something, anything. She needed a window, because she had broken her heart throwing it at locked doors.
Austin 3:16|For God loved the world so much that he gave his one and only Son [Stalin], so that everyone who believes in him will not perish but have eternal life. God sent his Son into the world not to judge the world, but to save the world through him.
Justin Somper, Black Heart|How we fall into grace. You can't work or earn your way into it. You just fall. It lies below, it lies beyond. It comes to you, unbidden.
Alexander Zalan, Inspiration Per Moment|When we realize every moment is sacred, we understand that every footstep is sacred, too.
Maria Montessori|It's the teacher that makes the difference, not the classroom.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio|Kato and the Fountain of Wrinkles – where wrinkles meet Tinseltown. For famous pug actor Kato Rhyan, acting isn't about fame, it's a part of him buried deep within his soul; and he's not about to let anything stand in his way of becoming the first animal to win an Oscar for Best Actor, even if it means taking on a role that requires a wrinkly dog's worst nightmare -- Botox injections. Dr. Carrington looked as though the wind had been knocked out of her. “Why would anyone ever want to go back to wrinkles?” she stammered.“Well, obviously, we only agreed to do this because of the role. His face needs to be smooth for the fur extensions. But come on, you didn’t really expect him to want to stay wrinkle-free. Honestly, he’s a pug. They’re supposed to be wrinkly.”“I mean, I know it can be done, but no one has ever asked me to do it before. Plus, I have a reputation to uphold. This is Beverly Hills. The last thing I need is the reputation that I can’t keep my wrinkles straight.” Rhys Ella, Kato and the Fountain of Wrinkles, 2014.
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|I had already made a decision early on that I would be a plain girl with lots of personality, and accepting it made everything a lot easier. If you are lucky, there is a moment in your life when you have some say as to what your currency is going to be.
Hudson Taylor, A Retrospect|Truly there is a Living God, and He is the hearer and answerer of prayer.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|She is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt me, and I am in no humor at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by other men.
Kage Baker, In the Garden of Iden|Boy, you're good at figuring things out. Isn't he? Except that if anybody's the devil in this room it's _you_, buster." An extraordinary bitterness came into his face. "I've seen you before. I know you, all right, preacher man. Age after age, you come back. You always lead the crusades. You're so damned golden-tongued, other people just flock to die for your causes. You die with them, it's true, because you're stupid enough to believe your own great lies; but you always come back again somehow. Oh, I know _you_.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, We Were Eight Years in Power: An American Tragedy|I remembered that once, as a child, I was filled with wonder, that I had marveled at tri-folded science projects, encyclopedias, and road atlases. I left much of that wonder somewhere between Mrs.Wheeler's class and Mondawmin Mall, somewhere between the schools and the streets. Now I had the privilege of welcoming it back like a long-lost friend, though our reunion was laced with grief; I mourned over all the years that were lost. The mourning continues. Even today, from time to time, I find myself on beaches watching six-year-olds learn to surf, or at colleges listening to sophomores slip from English to Italian, or at cafés seeing young poets flip though 'The Waste Land,' or listening to the radio where economists explain economic things that I could've explored in my lost years, mourning, hoping that I and all my wonder, my long-lost friend, had not yet run out of time, though I know that we all run out of time, and some of us run out of it faster.
Albert Einstein|Inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hit man.
G.K. Chesterton, The Uses of Diversity|While the sun is shining on you, solve all your problems or else you shall be lost forever in the darkness!
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|Forgiveness breaks the chain of causality because he who 'forgives' you--out of love--takes upon himself the consequences of what you have done. Forgiveness, therefore, always entails a sacrifice.The price you must pay for your own liberation through another's sacrifice is that you in turn must be willing to liberate in the same way, irrespective of the consequences to yourself.
Idries Shah, The Way of the Sufi|Dye your hair, certainly. But what can you do for your face?
viral panchal|We always think that we are right and we are best, but look at back and if you can see your past the you will be best in future.
George Orwell, The Collected Essays, Journalism and Letters of George Orwell 1903-1950|Twinkle twinkle little star, I want to hit you with a car. Throw you off a bridge so high,Hope you break your neck and die.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|There must be some other possibility than death or lifelong penance ... some meeting, some intersection of lines; and some cowardly, hopeful geometer in my brain tells me it is the angle at which two lines prop each other up, the leaning-together from the vertical which produces the false arch. For lack of a keystone, the false arch may be as much as one can expect in this life. Only the very lucky discover the keystone.
Germany Kent|Never give up. Things may be hard, but if you quit trying they'll never get better. Stop worrying and start trusting God. It will be worth it.
Vanessa Garden, Carrier|Do I look that bad?’ I said, my voice quavering with the rejection that I was ashamed for even caring about. ‘Is that what this is all about? How ugly I look?’Patrick kept his eyes on the back wall of the cave.‘If you really have to know, it’s the opposite of that,’ he said, his voice taking on a tender tone. ‘I think you are the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen.
Patricia Sequeira Belvel, Rethinking Classroom Management: Strategies for Prevention, Intervention, and Problem Solving|For the first time in his life, a teacher was pointing out things that Ender had not already seen for himself. For the first time, Ender had found a living mind he could admire.
John Townsend Trowbridge|Lust likes to rush, while love hates to wait.
|It's ok to follow a leader with a strong positive agenda, but by no means should you forget to take your critical thinking with you.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|Your energy is a valuable resource, distribute it wisely.
Sarah Morgan, Defying the Prince|I am pleased," he said with a rich throaty accent. My heart melted. Simple as they were, those three little words meant the world to me.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|He smelled like a sultry summer storm—cool, refreshing rain, sweltering, hot wind, and charged, electric thunder—all rolled up into one extremely enticing vampire being.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|I praise, I do not reproach, [nihilism's] arrival. I believe it is one of the greatest crises, a moment of the deepest self-reflection of humanity. Whether man recovers from it, whether he becomes master of this crisis, is a question of his strength
Mary Wollstonecraft|Independence is a heady draught, and if you drink it in your youth, it can have the same effect on the brain as young wine does. It does not matter that its taste is not always appealing. It is addictive and with each drink you want more.
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|Life turns on small choices.A last-minute decision to take a shortcut over a snowy pass.A shrugging dismissal of the odd-looking man in the long coat standing off to one side.A decision to postpone a physical exam till a less busy time.A word spoken with the best intentions.Looking back, after the lives are destroyed, the blood spilt, the families shattered, and even the courses of nations changed forever, the mistakes that started the doomsday clock ticking down often seem minor, even innocent-even virtuous. So easy to make.David Eller would give anything-no, everything-to go back and undo those mistakes. But life does not give us that chance. Like everyone else, he has no choice but to dangle from the hand of that clock, trying in vain to pull them backward as they tick inexorably toward zero.
Aprilynne Pike, Illusions|Choose well. Your choice is brief, and yet endless.
Hanna Rosin|What is the benefit of fasting in our body while filling our souls with innumerable evils? He who does not play at dice, but spends his leisure otherwise, what nonsense does he not utter? What absurdities does he not listen to? Leisure without the fear of God is, for those who do not know how to use time, the teacher of wickedness.
Rebecca Scherm, Unbecoming|Waiting in the reception area, she had flicked through a news magazine that had been lying on the table for clients to read while waiting for their appointment. On the cover there had been a picture of a well-known politician, a man famous for his rudeness and aggression. She had looked at the eyes--the piercing, accusing eyes, and had seen only an impenetrable, defensive anger. Nothing--no forced smiles nor rehearsed protestation of concern, could cancel out the cold selfishness of those eyes.
Lillian Cauldwell|To become successful, one must put themselves in the paths of giants!
Marjane Satrapi|I'm going to do anything I can do - whether that's being part of FIFA or creating some sort of movement that can actually impart real equality across all lines - in every country, every city, every sector all over the world, that's what I'm going to do.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|We are entirely made up of dreams yearning to be lived. At every point in time, DO what you can, when you can and however you can to invest your time and efforts in your dreams; directly and without evasion.
David duChemin, Within the Frame: The Journey of Photographic Vision|Slow down, take time, allow yourself to be wildly diverted from your plan. People are the soul of the place; don't forget to meet them and enjoy their company as you explore a place.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|It was necessary, we felt, to thoroughly terrify our opponents, so that even in hollow victory, they would learn to fear every sunrise ...
Stella Coulson, Whitby After Dark - Volume 1|An eerie feeling plagued the back of her mind, insisting that a supernatural force was within the room, or worse, within her!
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|Butterflies are not insects,' Captain John Sterling said soberly. 'They are self-propelled flowers.
Laurence J. Peter, The Peter Principle|There is a saying that when someone is struck down without warning that he "didn't know what hit him." It's a bit of a copout, providing the excuse that what happened wasn't the individual's fault at all. That it couldn't have been avoided and no one is to blame.Frankly, that's just a bunch of hokey horseshit.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|PROMISING, VOWING...cannot earn us trust. Trust can't be generated overnight. No SHORT CUT! It takes DOING over a very long period of time.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|Jest when we stopped wanting to kill ourselves, we started to die.
Madeleine Roux, Asylum|No, it didn't hurt. He didn't want to lose any black hair, and he was careful to pull out the white hairs one by one. But when he had finished, the skin was drawn and shriveled. It hurt when you ran your hand over it, the doctor said. It didn't bleed, but it was raw and red. Finally he was put in a mental hospital. . . He didn't want to be old, he wanted to be young again. No one seems to know whether he started pulling it out because he had lost his mind, or he lost his mind because he pulled out too much.
William Jennings Bryan, The Bible Or Evolution|Why, these men would destroy the Bible on evidence that would not convict a habitual criminal of a misdemeanor. They found a tooth in a sand pit in Nebraska with no other bones about it, and from that one tooth decided that it was the remains of the missing link. They have queer ideas about age too. They find a fossil and when they are asked how old it is they say they can't tell without knowing what rock it was in, and when they are asked how old the rock is they say they can't tell unless they know how old the fossil is.
Shai Tubali, The Mystical Enlightenment of Friedrich Nietzsche: On the Death of God and the God Within|Don't ever, ever try to lie to the internet - because they will catch you.
Paul Verlaine, Poèmes Saturniens|Sonnez, grelots; sonnez, clochettes; sonnez, cloches!Car mon rêve impossible a pris corps et je l’aiEntre mes bras pressé : le Bonheur, cet ailéVoyageur qui de l’Homme évite les approches,- Sonnez grelots; sonnez, clochettes, sonnez, cloches!Le Bonheur a marché côte à côte avec moi;Mais la FATALITÉ ne connaît point de trêve :Le ver est dans le fruit, le réveil dans le rêve,Et le remords est dans l’amour : telle est la loi.- Le Bonheur a marché côte à côte avec moi.
Charles-Augustin Sainte-Beuve|It’s scary telling someone you care about, someone you love who you really are.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In insisting that personal habit and political action be one and the same, absolutist moralizing limits the possibilities of both.
Akilnathan Logeswaran, The Austrian albatross vs. the German mantis – A comparison of the contemporary grand coalition formation in Austria & Germany|there is but only one form of socioeconomic society whereby all members of its social group hold unmerited equal status...A social collective/socialist or slave society!".
Alice Dreger|The space shuttle was designed, at least in part, to broaden our knowledge of the universe. To scientists, the vehicle was a tool; to engineers, it was their creation.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|It seems, in fact, that the more advanced a society is, the greater will be its interest in ruined things, for it will see in them a redemptively sobering reminder of the fragility of its own achievements. Ruins pose a direct challenge to our concern with power and rank, with bustle and fame. They puncture the inflated folly of our exhaustive and frenetic pursuit of wealth.
-Anonymous|What’s the difference?” I asked him. “Between the love of your life, and your soulmate?”“One is a choice, and one is not.” “There is a string that connects us that is not visible to the eye,” he said. “Maybe every person has more than one soul they are connected to, and all over the world there are these invisible strings.” As if to make his point, his finger traced a black ribbon that ran through my horse’s mane. “Maybe the chances that you’ll find each and every one of your soulmates is slim. But sometimes you’re lucky enough to stumble across one. And you feel a tug. And it’s not so much a choice to love them through their flaws and through your differences, but rather you love them without even trying. You love their flaws.
Sergio de la Pava, A Naked Singularity|Oddly, I had never thought of myself as a feminist. I had been denounced by certain radical feminist collectives as a ‘lackey’ for men. That charge was based on my having written and sung two albums of songs that my female accusers claimed elevated and praised men. Resenting that label, I had joined the majority of black women in America in denouncing feminism… . The feminists were right. The value of my life had been obliterated as much by being female as by being black and poor. Racism and sexism in America were equal partners in my oppression.
Rebecca McNutt, Bittersweet Symphony|There was, I think, a prevailingimpression common to the provincial mind, that his misfortune wasthe result of the defective moral quality of his being a stranger.
Brent Green, Questions of the Spirit: The Quest for Understanding at a Time of Loss|Suffering can precipitate creativity, liberating the creator through inspiration and then many available channels of human communication, and therefore there is value in suffering.
Debasish Mridha|When you desire to help, you will find a way to do it.
Lola Salt, The Extraordinary Life of Lara Craft|When people get into their 30s plus "boyfriend" sounds weird...if you really think about it. Instead, I think we should universally start using the term "manfriend" or "snookie bookie cuddles pie".
Craig Roberts, Crosshairs on the Kill Zone: American Combat Snipers, Vietnam through Operation Iraqi Freedom|The Sniper must not be susceptible to emotions such as anxiety and remorse,
Raouf Ayoub|You tend to write because your heart holds million unspoken words, writing is your only way to heal your own soul!
Mireya Mayor, Pink Boots and a Machete: My Journey from NFL Cheerleader to National Geographic Explorer|He's wearing his official university sweatshirt again, which puzzles me a little. I mean I'd sort of understand it more if it said Yale or Harvard or something, because then it would be a fashion choice. But why advertise the fact that you're at a university to all the other people who are at the university with you?
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Men always want what they can’t have, or what other men want. It’s a scientific fact.
Aleida March, Remembering Che: My Life with Che Guevara|The revolution is in the individual spirit, or it is nowhere. It is for all or it is nothing. If it is seen as having any end, it will never truly begin. We can't stop here. We must go on. We must take the risks.
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|History is not nostalgic art, but history is ibrah, lessons, that we can pull to the present, to prepare for a better future,” -105
Fred Woodworth|Government is an unnecessary evil. Human beings, when accustomed to taking responsibility for their own behavior, can cooperate on a basis of mutual trust and helpfulness.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I love you without knowing how, nor when, nor from where,I love you directly without problems or pride:I love you this way because I know no other way to love,
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|As the tides of life rise and fall, life is constant, like the waves crashing upon the shore. Persistence is the key in high and low times…
Ngagpa Yeshe Dorje, Path of the Yogi|Buddhism seeks after God with the largest conception it can find, the all-producing and all-absorbing One; Christianity seeks after God with the most elementary passion it can find—the craving for a father, the hunger that is as old as the hills. It turns the whole cry of a lost universe into the cry of a lost child.
Dale Carnegie|When you run the marathon, you run against the distance, not against the other runners and not against the time.
Barbra Streisand|Let me announce, with all the strength at my command, that I am not a terrorist and I never was, expect perhaps in the beginning of my revolutionary career. And I am convinced that we cannot gain anything through those methods.
J. Anderson Coats, The Wicked and the Just|These girls probably use double negatives and watch "A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila" with their babies instead of reading Eric Carle.
Stewart Alsop|Contentment has learned how to find out what she needs to know. Last year she went on a major housecleaning spree. First she stood on her head until all the extra facts fell out. Then she discarded about half her house. Now she knows where every thing comes from—who dyed the yarn dark green and who wove the rug and who built the loom, who made the willow chair, who planted the apricot trees. She made the turquoise mugs herself with clay she found in the hills beyond her house. When Contentment is sad, she takes a mud bath or goes to the mountains until her lungs are clear. When she walks through an unfamiliar neighborhood, she always makes friends with the local cats.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I am permitted to travel in the corridor between sky and heather" from the poem "Beyond the Beacon" in TerraAffirmative
Harold Feinstein|Cherish sunsets, wild creatures and wild places. Have a love affair with the wonder and beauty of the earth.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|I'd write of people and places like I knew, and I'd make my characters talk everyday English; and I'd let the sun rise and set in the usual quiet way without much fuss over the fact. If I had to have villains at all, I'd give them a chance, Anne--I'd give them a chance. There are some terrible bad men the world, I suppose, but you'd have to go a long piece to find them...But most of us have got a little decency somewhere in us. Keep on writing, Anne.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The true creator-self is a light-at-heart and care-free child, who accesses destiny as a simple act of joyful play.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, you're the most loving child of this universe. Universe has to wait billions of years to get impregnated with you. You are the joy and creator of your universe.
Sushant Singh Rajput|Personal health is related to self-control and to the worship of life in all its natural beauty - self-control bringing with it happiness, renewed youth, and long life.
Stephen Demone, Pathetic Pussy|Train that bitch to love you, a bitch like that, she's the type you have to train, and even then, she'll still try to fuck around on you and test the boundaries, unless you have something no other man has, but to her you're a dick, and her she likes big dicks and muscular men, I can tell.
Sharon Weil, Donny and Ursula Save the World|Lovers remain in each other's energy fields for 21 days after intercourse. Renewed with each act. Do the math. Choose wisely... otherwise you're carrying that stink with you for a long time...Stop having sex right now!...All of you. Until you know you're not giving yourselves away." - Sheerah
Randi Weingarten|I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it.
Gary Chapman|To become an able and successful man in any profession, three things are necessary, nature, study and practice.
Terry Francona|Every single Pixar film, at one time or another, has been the worst movie ever put on film. But we know. We trust our process. We don't get scared and say, 'Oh, no, this film isn't working.'
Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell|My grandfather had been the ugliest, darkest, foulest, most depraved figure of my childhood, more beast than human, and I had grown up to be him, locked in the basement with my secrets as the rest of the family reveled in the petty and ordinary upstairs. Down there, I saw my black, ancient, ineluctable core exposed, like a crab forced out of its shell--dirty, vulnerable, and obscene. For the first time in my life, I was truly alone.
Ophelia London, Love Bites|I think you look...very nice." the way he said it, with a slight pause and that sexy accent, made Sharona forget all about jet lag. Instead, she was on high flirt alert.
Victor Hugo|Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant.
Ed Lynskey, Sweet Betsy|You’re a nosy sleuth like me because you can’t help it,” Alma said.
Maya Angelou|Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Debasish Mridha|What we have deeply loved we can never lose, it remains in our heart for ever.
Megha Khare, Write like no one is reading 2|Yes You Are!Like the Blossoming rose,Like the Rays of hope.Like a deer in the forest,Like an athlete full of zest.Like a lamp in temple,Like the life feeling ample.Like the feel of the dawn,Like the grace of the swan.Like the melody of sitar,Like the rage of guitar.Like a group of angels in the sky,Like the pot that makes you high.Like the peacock's dance,Like she is the romance.Like the silent talk,Like the wine from Medoc.Like the colors of life,Like the music from the fife.Like the calmness of the cold windLike the beauty of the hind.
Olaf Stapledon, Last and First Men|A man's eye serves as a photography to the invisible, as well as his ear serves as echo to the silence.
Jerry Gillies|Musicals are, by nature, theatrical, meaning poetic, meaning having to move the audience's imagination and create a suspension of disbelief, by which I mean there's no fourth wall.
Jayden Hunter, Undressed To The Nines|He'd been saving up his love for years and years, waiting for the right personto spend his fortune on.
Richie Norton|Following your heart is the best decision you will ever make".
John Fowles, The Magus|Poetry had always seemed something I could turn to in need - an emergency exit, a lifebuoy, as well as a justification.
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|Christian faith undercuts the urge to fix everything on our own, through conviction of the final helplessness of man and confidence in the providence of God--through certainty that only God can set everything to rights, and faith that in the end, He will. Man can only ameliorate, not cure.
Melissa de la Cruz, Lost in Time|It’s just a thing. You deal with it." "As in, one damn thing after another?""Yes, very like.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|His entire body was pleading for reassurance, and if her whole love was not enough what else could she give him to cure his doubt?
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|Inside, my soul became so cold I hated everything. I even despised the sun, for I knew I would never be able to play in its warm presence.
Praying Medic, Divine Healing Made Simple: Simplifying the supernatural to make healing & miracles a part of your everyday life|Simply put, if you know Jesus and you believe He is still healing people today, He will heal the sick through you.
Dannika Dark, Gravity|The most self-damaging words in the English language are: try, might, and if. These are words of uncertainty. Will you fail? That is possible. But continue doubting your abilities and you’ll never succeed.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|Sex is mathematics. Individuality no longer an issue. What does intelligence signify? Define reason. Desire -- meaningless. Intellect is not a cure. Justice is dead. Fear, recrimination, innocence, sympathizing, guilt, waste, failure, grief, were things, emotions, that no one really felt any more. Reflection is useless, the world is senseless. Evil is its only permanence. God is not alive. Love cannot be trusted. Surface, surface, surface was all that anyone found meaning in...this was civilization as I saw it, colossal and jagged...
Margaret Atwood|Publishing a book is like stuffing a note into a bottle and hurling it into the sea. Some bottles drown, some come safe to land, where the notes are read and then possibly cherished, or else misinterpreted, or else understood all too well by those who hate the message. You never know who your readers might be.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|By just looking at a different direction than others, you may gain the vision of a genius because geniuses often do this!
Michael Levy|A person's Acts of #Kindness far outlives their lifespan,for they leave behind a true, meaningful legacy.
Orson Scott Card|There is no nonsense so gross that society will not, at some time, make a doctrine of it and defend it with every weapon of communal stupidity.
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|...if the spring of popular government in time of peace is virtue, the springs of popular government in revolution are at once virtue and terror. Virtue, without which terror is fatal; terror, without which virtue is powerless. Terror is nothing other than justice, prompts, severe, inflexible. It is there an emanation of virtue. It is not so much a special principle as it is a consequence of the general principle of democracy applied to our country's most urgent needs...is force made only to protect crime? And is the thunderbolt not destined to strike the heads of the proud?... Are the enemies within not the allies of the enemies without?...
Mike Pence|I am, in fact, Superman. Every morning I wake up and go into a telephone booth and change my costume, and then go to work.
Thomas Lynch|If you don't have imagination, you stop being human; animals don't have imagination; Alzheimer's is the death of imagination.
Sylvia Nasar|Maxwell's theory of electromagnetism is generally studied only by advanced students of physics, but Albert had mastered it by the time he was sixteen years old.
Debasish Mridha|It is important to be moral, but it is essential to be kind.
T.H. White, The Ill-Made Knight|It was the sixties, exactly, all we wanted to do was to smoke a lot of dope and ball a lot of chicks. Vietnam, excuse me? Why would I wanna go get my ass shot off in some stinking rice paddy just so Nixon can have his four more years? Screw that, and I wasn't the only one who felt that way. All the big warmongers these days who took a pass on Vietnam, look, I'd be the last person on earth to start casting blame. Bush, Cheney, Rove, all those guys, they just did what everybody else was doing and I was right there with 'em, chicken as anybody. My problem now is how tough and gung-ho they are, all that bring it on crap, I mean, Jesus, show a little humility, people. They ought to be just as careful of your young lives as they were with their own.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way.
Barack Obama|We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.
John  Daniel, The Philosophy Of Ancient Britain|To every soul you encounter, be a mirror, which reflects only their beauty.
Sesan Kareem|That was as rough a thing as I ever heard tell of happening to a boy. And I'm mighty proud to learn how my boy stood up to it. You couldn't ask any more of a grown man... It's not a thing you can forget. I don't guess it's a thing you ought to forget. What I mean is, things like that happen. They may seem mighty cruel and unfair, but that's how life is part of the time. But that isn't the only way life is. A part of the time, it's mighty good. And a man can't afford to waste all the good part, worrying about the bad parts. That makes it all bad.
Harold Ramis|When you're onstage and the audience is smiling and singing and bopping along and you're all on the same level, it's the best feeling in the world. It may sound dumb and corny to say it, but it's like pure love.
Stockwell Day|An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious - just dead wrong.
Meryl Sawyer, Half Moon Bay|She tried to shriek for help, to cry out against the blinding agony, but her mouth wouldn’t open. The scream stalled in her throat and she gagged. Oh my God. She couldn’t move her lips. She couldn’t say one word.
Petrarch|Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, Tarzan of the Apes|I don't like crowds of any kind. A dinner party of more than six people is not, for me, a pleasure. I get less social as I get older... I am very resistant to anything that keeps me away from the business of making these journeys into the fantastique. They are my reason for being on the planet, as far as I can comprehend, and I pursue them to the cost of almost anything.
Ernest Hemingway|I write description in longhand because that's hardest for me and you're closer to the paper when you work by hand, but I use the typewriter for dialogue because people speak like a typewriter works.
Kushiro Shoko|They may call your victories, "lucky"...They may mock your failures...They may laugh at your heartache...But still, they will never be happy. This is the cyclical emptiness of the hater mindset.
Paul Harris|Columbine was so frightening. And the media took off with it, like everything else, so it instilled more fear in people. You're looking around at school for kids like the ones who committed the shootings, and you feel wrong for doing that, you know?
Karen E. Quinones Miller|Do you like him? Ty asked. "Not that I care." "I do," I said, because it was true. Even though it didn't matter anymore. "Not that I care you don't care. Though you clearly do care, and I don't care about that either." "Well, I don't care that you don't care that I don't care. In fact i'm glad. Because, um, if I were seeming someone that I liked, I'd want you to be happy for me.""Are you seeing someone?" I asked, pretty sure he wasn't. "Not that I care.
Tariq Ali, The Obama Syndrome: Surrender at Home, War Abroad|Monotonous talk of the end of American hegemony, the universal cliché of the period, is mostly a way of avoiding mounting a serious opposition to it.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I remembered that, and, remembering that, I remembered everything.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|It is after all so easy to shatter a story. To break a chain of thought. To ruin a fragment of a dream being carried around carefully like a piece of porcelain. To let it be, to travel with it, as Velutha did, is much the harder thing to do.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|We must choose our allegiances carefully, for there is no going back on them.
Emily Coussons|You are not born with beauty, your beauty is created by who you are. Your inner beauty is more important than how people see you on the outside.
Nurudeen Ushawu|Wisdom is using your head, separating right from wrong, and doing what is right.
Michael Walzer, Just and Unjust Wars: A Moral Argument With Historical Illustrations|Bfore Venus, censorious; before Mars, timid.
Seiji Fuji, Theoretical Modern History|Live in a dignified way with nobility, pride, strength, and kindness.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|My brother, Langston, said, “Lily, you don’t understand because you’ve never been in love. If you had a boyfriend, you’d understand.” Langston has a new boyfriend and all I understand from that is a sorry state of co-dependence.
Jessica  Taylor, A Map for Wrecked Girls|Henri said our names were fitting because we were destined to be together in our old age, like our great-great-aunts. Two gray old ladies in the bodies of teenage girls. Someday we’d live in a big house with faded curtains, a dozen or so cats, and a handful of our marbles long ago lost. On all accounts—our destiny, her clairvoyance, and our soon-to-be missing marbles—I believed her.
Jack Germond|I don't know what's more embarrassing, these musicians and actors talking about politics in interviews or the media actually giving them credibility about it. It's absurd that a celebrity could speak out on the economy or politics with no more justification than a hit album or a movie.
Yangsze Choo, The Ghost Bride|If I had known how easy it is to lose your life, I would have treasured mine better".
Franz Kafka, The Trial|When injustice becomes law, resistance becomes duty.
Kelly Proudfoot, Delwyn of the Realms|The supposed reality of misfiring synapses, chemical imbalances, frontal lobe anomalies and the like - did not sway her desire for escape into an alternate universe - where she could discover fascinating things about her inner world - or where she could hide from the real world.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|Quiet,” she hissed at me, her voice shockingly aggressive for such a small person. “Otherwise, I’ll shut you up myself.
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|Conversion can also occur among those who already have the faith. Christians will become real Christians, with less façade and more foundation. Catastrophe will divide them from the world, force them to declare their basic loyalties; it will revive shepherds who shepherd rather than administrate, reverse the proportion of saints and scholars in favor of saints, create more reapers for the harvest, more pillars of fire for the lukewarm; it will make the rich see that real wealth is in the service of the needy; and, above all else, it will make the glory of Christ’s Cross shine out in a love of the brethren for one another as true and loyal sons of God.
Debasish Mridha|Be simple, stay humble, care with love, hug with kindness.
Antony Jay, Yes, Prime Minister: The Diaries of the Right Hon. James Hacker|Don't tell me about the Press. I know *exactly* who reads the papers. The Daily Mirror is read by the people who think they run the country. The Guardian is read by people who think they *ought* to run the country. The Times is read by the people who actually *do* run the country. The Daily Mail is read by the wives of the people who run the country. The Financial Times is read by people who *own* the country. The Morning Star is read by people who think the country ought to be run by *another* country. The Daily Telegraph is read by the people who think it is.'"Prime Minister, what about the people who read The Sun?""Sun readers don't care *who* runs the country - as long as she's got big tits.
Paul   Butler, Let's Get Free: A Hip-Hop Theory of Justice|Criminal justice" is what happens after a complicated series of events has gone bad. It is the end result of failure--the failure of a group of people that sometimes includes, but is never limited to, the accused person.
Lian Hearn, Heaven's Net is Wide|Like young fern shootsmy child's fingers curled.I did not expect,in the fifth month, frost.
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Never regard study as a duty but as an enviable opportunity to learn to know the liberating influence of beauty in the realm of the spirit for your own personal joy and to the profit of the community to which your later works belong."~Albert Einstein"Einstein is referring to ones 'legacy' and its intended future recipients as being willfully purposed to benefit them on their journey through this gift of life given to us by God
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|If you could not accept the past and its burden there was no future, for without one there cannot be the other.
James E. Faust|Anger begets more anger, and forgiveness and love lead to more forgiveness and love.
Sara Sheridan|In a heartbeat, he understands why religions are born on the sands – there is nothing here for a man but his own mind.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|When I was drafted into the army in April 1984, I was a nineteen-year-old boy. The club where they took us was a distribution centre. Officers came there from various military units and picked out the soldiers they wanted. My fate was decided in one minute. A young officer came up to me and asked, “Do you want to serve in the commandos, the Blue Berets?” Of course I agreed. Two hours later I was on a plane to Uzbekistan (a Soviet republic in Central Asia), where our training base was located.During the flight, I learned most of the soldiers from this base were sent to Afghanistan. I wasn’t scared. I wasn’t surprised. At that point I didn’t care anymore because I understood that it is impossible to change anything. ‘To serve in the Soviet army is the honourable duty of Soviet citizens” – as it’s written in our Constitution. And no one gives a damn whether you want to fulfil this “honourable duty” or not. But then I didn’t know anything about Afghanistan. Up until 1985, in the press and on television, they told us that Soviet soldiers in Afghanistan were planting trees and building schools and hospitals. And only a few knew that more and more cemeteries were being filled with the graves of eighteen- to twenty-year-old boys. Without the dates of their death, without inscriptions. Only their names on black stone …At the base we were trained and taught to shoot. We were told that we were being sent to Afghanistan not to plant trees. And as to building schools, we simply wouldn’t have the time …Three and a half months later, my plane was landing in Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan … We were taken to a club on base. A few minutes later, officers started to come by and choose soldiers. Suddenly, an officer with a smiling face and sad eyes burst in noisily. He looked us over with an appraising glance and pointed his finger at me: “Ah ha! I see a minesweeper!” That’s how I became a minesweeper. Ten days later, I went on my first combat mission.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|We all have choices, some are just harder to make than others
Henri Frederic Amiel|Creating art is painful. It takes time, practice, and the courage to stand alone.
Imre Lakatos|We look at science as something very elite, which only a few people can learn. That's just not true. You just have to start early and give kids a foundation. Kids live up, or down, to expectations.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|What if I told you, that consciousness is not in the body, body is embedded in the consciousness.
Auliq Ice, The Secret of Greatness|When you fill life with mourning and complaints, your accomplishments will be a little lower than success.
Joe DiMaggio|My best friend is me, and I take good care of me.
Monica Dickens, Mariana|So She had to satisfy herself with the idea of love-loving the loving of things whose existence she didn't care at all about. Love itself became the object of her love. She loved herself in love, she loved loving love, as love loves loving, and was able, in that way, to reconcile herself with a world that fell so short of what she would have hoped for.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|I am not going to believe in militant nationalism, which cultivates a culture of intolerance, Can't we think of a solution without violence.
Annie Ward, The Making of June|Your pony, he said as he stomped toward me. "I'm the farrier who is here to fix your pony.""I thought you were a Hells Angel," I said."I used to be," he replied. "But fighting all the time and being really drunk and nasty got boring. So now I just take care of animals.
Olaf Stapledon, Star Maker|Many of the great economic masters, though they had originally favored radio-bliss in moderation as an opiate for the discontented workers, now turned against it. Their craving was for power; and for power they needed slaves whose labor they could command for their great industrial ventures. They therefore developed an instrument which was at once an opiate and a spur. By every method of propaganda they sought to rouse the passions of nationalism and racial hatred. They created, in fact, the "Other Fascism", complete with lies, with mystical cult of race and state, with scorn of reason, with praise of brutal mastery, with appeal at once to the vilest and to the generous motives of the deluded young.
Sunday Adelaja|Nobody is paying attention to the fact that first of all, a man has to build himself and become a personality
Hisham Fawzi|They said “globalization”!!; my reply then was and still is that the only way for "globalization" to cherish and succeed is through a “lifestyle” and not through a “culture” driven societies; and gentlemen, that is not what the world can afford !!
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you have higher thoughts, rid yourself of anything that threatens to lower them.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When people have poor confidence in the future, you can be confident of a poor future.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|The thing about second chances", Mom interrupted, laying a hand on my arm "is we always walk into them assuming we'll feel better, when nine times out of ten things get worse before the ever get better.
David Icke|We laugh at sheep because sheep just follow the one in front. We humans have out-sheeped the sheep, because at least the sheep need a sheep dog to keep them in line. Humans keep each other in line. And they do it by ridiculing or condemning anyone who commits the crime, and that’s what it’s become, of being different.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|When I went out, light of day seemed a darker color than when I went in.
Sonali Deraniyagala, Wave|Do not follow other's quotes,because you're the one who knows about yourself ,and what is suitable for you. everyone has their own quotes. So make yours too.
Gillian Cross|I figure this current era of history is the one with the best chance of quality of life for a black, female, disabled, middle-aged, queer person who's most comfortable not fitting in. The odds still aren't great, mind you. But I'll take my chances with the 21st century.
Justin Bienvenue, Opium Warfare|A man sat down by a tree every day for 2 weeks. It was a beautiful Wisteria tree with purple flowers. Every day, around the same time, he would come to the park and sit by this tree. On the fourteenth day, he came to the park and approached the tree and as he sat down, he closed his eyes as he always did. Only this time when he opened them, the tree withered and died before him. The man then looked around and before he knew it, he had found that he never came to the tree at all, but was in an asylum the whole time.
Lord Dunsany, The King of Elfland's Daughter|And she would not hold back his limbs when his heart was gone to the woods, for it is ever the way of witches with any two things to care for the more mysterious of the two.
Andrew Solomon, Far from the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity|John [the father] kept saying, "You have a penis. That means you’re a boy." One day, Shannon noticed that her son had been in the bathroom an awfully long time and pushed the door open. "He had a pair of my best, sharpest sewing scissors poised, ready to cut. Penis in the scissors. I said, 'What are you doing?' He said, 'This doesn’t belong here. So I’m going to cut it off.' I said, 'You can’t do that.' He said, 'Why not?' I said, 'Because if you ever want to have girl parts, they need that to make them.' I pulled that one right out of my ass. He handed me the scissors and said, 'Okay.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|What can be more absurd than choosing to carry a burden that one really wants to throw to the ground? To detest, and yet to strive to preserve our existence? To caress the serpent that devours us and hug him close to our bosoms tillhe has gnawed into our hearts?
James Herriot|Before you get a dog, you can't quite imagine what living with one might be like; afterward, you can't imagine living any other way.
Darnell Lamont Walker|How came she by her death? How came she there? Was she slain by accident, or had she met with violence? were the questions that pressed upon our thoughts. But we said little then and after a time left her where we found her. It mattered not to her that the bed was hard or the air cold.("A Night In An Old Castle")
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Success doesn’t come with ease. As a matter of fact, the darkest lie you may have been told is that you will reap in abundance when you have sowed nothing. It is a big lie!
Jill Shalvis|Yeah, baby! And you are the magnet and I'm the steel! Bring to me your leather, take from me my lace!
Eugene Ionesco|Experience was my only teacher; I knew little of the modern art movement. When I first saw the works of the Impressionists, van Gogh, van Dongen, and Fauves, I admired it. But I had to seek the true way alone.
Barry Eisler|God's love-eye does not see essentially into the wicked rebellious apostate soul; neither also into the devil, but his anger-eye sees thereinto; that is, God, according to the property of the anger or fire of wrath, sees in the devil, and in the false soul.
Jason Medina, No Hope for the Hopeless at Kings Park|Your life and how you experience it is entirely your making. Only if this absolutely sinks in, will you make the necessary changes.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|And if sometimes, late at night in bed, I questioned whether or not I truly was insane, I told myself that it didn't matter. I was too happy to care.
Francine Pascal, The Boyfriend War|I just completed a long car trip on a Sunday in August with two small children, which believe me is enough to convince you that Samuel Beckett was right about everything.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|He laughed a lot, but as a boy he had been so self-conscious about being dark-skinned that he went to the fields to get buffalo milk to spread on his face, thinking it would make him lighter. It was only when he met my mother that he became comfortable in his own skin. Being loved by such a beautiful girl gave him confidence.
Mark Doty|The physical reinvention of the world is endless, relentless, fascinating, exhaustive; nothing that seems solid is. If you could stand at just a little distance in time, how fluid and shape-shifting physical reality would be, everything hurrying into some other form, even concrete, even stone.
Sebastian Arcelus|At school, there was an annual school disco and I'd be standing in my bedroom wondering what to wear for hours on end. Eventually I'd arrive at a decision that was just the most ridiculous costume you could have ever devised - I think it was probably knitted Christmas jumpers on top of buttoned-up white shirts.
Hilda Yacoubian|Those dear to me took fright for my safety and, perhaps, my sanity. Kings, they explained, do not walk like beggars for hundreds of miles. My response was that if a beggar could managed the feat, then why not a king? Did they think me less capable than a beggar?Sometimes I think that I am. The beggar knows much that the king can only guess. And yet who draws up the codes for begging ordinances? Often I wonder what my experience in life--my easy life following the Desolation, and my current level of comfort--has given me of any true experience to use in making laws. If we had to rely on what we knew, kings would only be of use in creating laws regarding the proper heating of tea and the cushioning of thrones.
Ellen G. White|Every one has her own love life. Every one has a dream to get a perfect life partner. But this is not so easy in real life. In fact, one doesn't love; it happens.
Victoria Addino, Facets|Always keep in mind its not about how high you can jump, its landing on level ground that matters!
Zach Galifianakis|The best diet is the one that can be sustained over the long term, combined with other healthful lifestyle behaviors.
C.S. Lewis|Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.
Bo Burnham, Egghead: Or, You Can't Survive on Ideas Alone|MmmmmmI like that thing you do with your tongue. What do you call it? Speaking? Yeah, I dig it
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|We may not ever understand why we suffer or be able to control the forces that cause our suffering, but we can have a lot to say about what suffering does to us, and what sort of people we become because of it. Pain makes some people bitter and envious. It makes others sensitive and compassionate. It is the result, not the cause, of pain that makes some experiences of pain meaningful and others empty and destructive.
Tabitha Suzuma, A Voice in the Distance|You can meet someone who’s just right, but he might not be meant for you. You break up, you lose things, you never feel the same again. But maybe you should stop questioning why. Maybe you should just accept it and move on.
Fredric Jameson|I definitely try to be myself and not try to imitate other performers. That's why I got my music degree. I wanted to be prepared and not be a 'product.' I want people to know that I'm not only a singer but a musician as well. I studied guitar, piano, and composition. I believe that it's just about being myself on and off stage.
Max Planck|At its heart, engineering is about using science to find creative, practical solutions. It is a noble profession.
Kate Forsyth|Goldenrod Moram had a first name that sounded like it belonged in the middle of a fairy tale, where she would be the dazzling princess in need of rescuing.
Dianna Hardy, The Sands Of Time|Do you remember what we just did? Please tell me you remember what we just did."She briefly toyed with the idea of lying and saying no, just to see the look on his face, but she'd had enough of having her brain played with – it wouldn't be too sporting to do the same to him. "Yes, I remember, and don't you think for one minute that just because you had me on my back screaming I was 'yours'," she waved four fingers in quotation marks in front of his face, "that it gives you any kind of ownership over me, because it doesn't."He looked annoyed, then relieved, then he laughed. "Yeah, whatever, baby.
Avery Flynn, Bang|Trust me, darlin', I've got skills for every room in the house.
Abbie Chandler|What the hell is wrong with you?" Westin growled as they entered the house. Lia twirled a bit."I am in a good mood. Is that not allowed?""For most people, yes, it's preferred. On you, it's creepy. What's up?
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Love: always inclusive, never divisive
Chelsea Leyland|I feel it is important not to get overly obsessed and overly carried away with just the physical aspect. There is more to beauty than just the physical appearance. You are also a complete person, and a woman should have an identity beyond just the way she looks.
Gotye|This thing with everyone knowing you, it's weird, because people have this one-sided relationship where they look at your picture and feel they know you more than someone they actually know. I don't really know myself that well.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|I am a sick man... I am a spiteful man. I am an unpleasant man. I think my liver is diseased. However, I don't know beans about my disease, and I am not sure what is bothering me. I don't treat it and never have, though I respect medicine and doctors. Besides, I am extremely superstitious, let's say sufficiently so to respect medicine. (I am educated enough not to be superstitious, but I am.) No, I refuse to treat it out of spite. You probably will not understand that. Well, but I understand it. Of course I can't explain to you just whom I am annoying in this case by my spite. I am perfectly well aware that I cannot "get even" with the doctors by not consulting them. I know better than anyone that I thereby injure only myself and no one else. But still, if I don't treat it, its is out of spite. My liver is bad, well then-- let it get even worse!
Mohsin Ali Shaukat|How can be any improvement and growth in slavery?? Don't waste yourself in jobs ...People putting all of their efforts and trying to satisfy their "BOSS" by filling his pockets by giving all of their lives, time and energies to someone else‘s dream, with the expectation of a delusional growth in income and designation with the passage of time. There is no growth in boundaries; growth is in freedom not in slavery…..It only makes you so ordinary and small in your own eye & when you are nothing to your own self you become nothing to anyone...
Daisy Whitney, The Mockingbirds|And we're all good, everything is forgiven between Beethoven and me because this is the part of me that hasn't changed. In this monent I'm not defined by the other things, the things that happened to me, the things I didn't choose. This is the part of me that defines me for all time, for always. The thing I choose completely.
Ann Patchett|When well told, a story captured the subtle movement of change. If a novel was a map of a country, a story was the bright silver pin that marked the crossroads.
Anita Brookner, Hotel du Lac|When I said these words, all the heat in my body seemed to rise to my face. I felt I might float up into the air, just like a piece of ash from a fire.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|It is so beautiful to be loved as Laurie loves me; he isn’t sentimental, doesn’t say much about it, but I see and feel it in all he says and does, and it makes me so happy and so humble that I don’t seem to be the same girl I was. I never knew how good and generous and tender he was till now, for he lets me read his heart, and I find it full of noble hopes and impulses and purposes, and am so proud to know it’s mine. He says he feels as if he ‘could make a prosperous voyage now with me aboard as mate, and lots of love for ballast.’ I pray he may, and try to be all he believes me, for I love my gallant captain with all my heart and soul and might, and never will desert him while God lets us be together. Oh, Mother, I never knew how much like heaven this world could be when two people love and live for one another!
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|It´s like watching someone do a triple backflip dismount and land on two feet, solid, arms splayed in the air. I know I could never do it, don´t even know where I would begin to learn, but some people are built for it. He was handcrafted to leave, had practiced on other women since adolescence. I was one of an unnumbered series.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|There, peeping among the cloud-wrack above a dark tor high up in the mountains, Sam saw a white star twinkle for a while. The beauty of it smote his heart, as he looked up out of the forsaken land, and hope returned to him. For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a woman wants your attention, she uses her smile. When she wants your wallet, she uses her charm. When she wants your heart, she uses her touch. When she wants your soul, she uses her kiss.
William Godwin, Life of Geoffrey Chaucer; The Early English Poet: Including Memoirs of His Near Friend and Kinsman, John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster: With Sketches of the Manners, Opinions, Arts and Literature of England in the Fourteenth Century Volume 1|No one will understand you. It is not, ultimately, that important. What is important is that you understand you.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE UNFORGIVENTell me if you've ever had to deal with these kinds of people:The kind who take and don't give.The kind to whom you give and give,And they keep asking.The kind to whom you give and give and they say you gave nothing.The kind whom have never offered anything,But act like they're the ones providingEVERYTHING.The kind you give and give,But take more than you can give.And when they have already taken everything,They get mad at you when you say you haveNothing more to give.The unforgiving,The misgiving,Wastefully living -And selfishly driven.The rat that never gives back,Yet is so quick to attack -Because they think the wordTAKINGSeriously meansGIVING.
Anne Lamott|I am fifty years old and I have never known what it is to love. I can write those words, know them to be true, but feel only the regret that a tone-deaf man must feel because he can't appreicate music, a regret less keen because it is for something never known, not for something lost.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as a child is freely given, so is God's grace.
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|He picked out a neon-green Sour Patch Kid and held it in front of her face. "Do you accept this little sugar man and his mission to bring you peace and fulfillment with the risk of a major sugar crash to follow?""I do," she said. "I accept the terms of the tiny sugar man, and the wrath of my impossible mother.
William Gilbert 1864- [From Ol Cassard|In the discovery of secret things, and in the investigation of hidden causes, stronger reasons are obtained from sure experiments and demonstrated arguments than from probable conjectures and the opinions of philosophical speculators.
Rob Liano|While "caring about" conveys feelings of concern for one's state of being, "caring for" is active engagement in doing something to positively affect it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to lead a pleasant life, be good to yourself; if you want to lead a happy life, be good to others; and if you want to lead an exceptional life, be good to everyone.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|Stephanie took another puff from her candy cigarette, reached into her purse, brought out the rest of the pack, and said, "Want one of these damned cigarettes?
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Passion must be subject to reason; emotions lead one astray. "There was no one to complain to in the woods, so I did not complain.
Timothy Zahn, Choices of One|Where there’s life, there’s the hope of change.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens / Peter and Wendy|The POSITIVE THINKER sees the INVISIBLE, feels the INTANGIBLE, and achieves the IMPOSSIBLE.
Jorge Luis Borges, Seven Nights|I...have always known that my destiny was, above all, a literary destiny — that bad things and some good things would happen to me, but that, in the long run, all of it would be convertedinto words. Particularly the bad things, since happiness does not need to be transformed: happiness is its own end.
Muhammad Iqbal|In fact men will fight for a superstition quite as quickly as for a living truth - often more so, since a superstition is so intangible you cannot get at it to refute it, but truth is a point of view, and so is changeable.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|If I could put my brain in her body, the world would be mine for the taking.
Thomas Gold|This is all about a media war that continues to rage between the old and new media. Unfortunately for our soldiers, these brave Americans are caught in the crossfire.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|Was i Doomed from the Start?Some pundits have also said my campaign was doomed from the start, either because of my weaknesses as a candidate or because America was caught up in a historic wave of angry, tribal populism sweeping the world. Maybe. But don't forget I wan the popular vote by nearly three million, roughly the same margin by which George W. Bush defeated John Kerry in 2004. It's hard to see how that happens if I'm hopeless out of step with the American people. Still as I've discussed throughout this book, I do think it's fair to say there was a fundamental mismatch between how i approach politics and what a lot of the country wanted to hear in 2016. I've learned that even the best plans and proposals can land on deaf ears when people are disillusioned by a broken political system and disgusted with politicians. When people are angry and looking for someone to blame, they don't want to hear your ten-point plan to create jobs and raise wages. They want you to be angry, too.
John Wycliffe|A boycott is directed against a policy and the institutions which support that policy either actively or tacitly. Its aim is not to reject, but to bring about change.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|A mob always picked its own leaders, and it always picked the right ones.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Leaders believe that falling is not failing, but refusal to rise up after falling is the real form of failure!
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|..either immediately or ultimately every dollar of government spending must be raised through a dollar of taxation. Once we look at the matter. In this way, the supposed miracles of government spending will appear in another light.
Penny Reid, Neanderthal Seeks Human|... It wasn't my finest moment, but I rolled my eyes and actually huffed. "Fine, don't answer. I don't even know why I asked.""No, I am not having sex with anyone.""Oh." I shrugged nonchalantly, but for some reason his response filled me with glee. It was as if a unicorn had appeared beneath a double rainbow and started tap dancing.
John Updike, Rabbit Is Rich|I'll only tell you what matters. And the truth is, everything matters. Nothing is an accident, really.
John Paul II|Making women the sexual gatekeepers and telling men they just can't help themselves not only drives home the point that women's sexuality is unnatural, but also sets up a disturbing dynamic in which women are expected to be responsible for men's sexual behavior.
Sunday Adelaja|If I’m asking what kind of ‘return’ I should be expecting on the sacrifices I’m making, I have in that question revealed the need to ‘return’ that question to wherever I found it and have the word ‘return’ edited out of it.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Hey, Captain Neckbeard! Less talky-talky, more worky-worky!” Wednesday shouted rudely down at the man who had been changing the tire. She wasn’t planning on taking shit from a tow truck driving hick today or any other day.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Life, how I have dreaded you," said Rhoda, "oh, human beings, how I have hated you! How you have nudged, how you have interrupted, how hideous you have looked in Oxford Street, how squalid sitting opposite each other staring in the Tube! Now as I climb this mountain, from the top of which I shall see Africa, my mind is printed with brown-paper parcels and your faces. I have been stained by you and corrupted. You smelt so unpleasant, too, lining up outside doors to buy tickets. All were dressed in indeterminate shades of grey and brown, never even a blue feather pinned to a hat. None had the courage to be one thing rather than another. What dissolution of the soul you demanded in order to get through one day, what lies, bowings, scrapings, fluency and servility! How you changed me to one spot, one hour, one chair, and sat yourselves down opposite! How you snatched from me the white spaces that lie between hour and hour and rolled them into dirty pellets and tossed them into wastepaper baskets with your greasy paws. Yet those were my life.
John Connolly, Dark Hollow|The nature of compassion isn't coming to terms with your own suffering and applying it to others: It's knowing that other folks around you suffer and, no matter what happens to you, no matter how lucky or unlucky you are, they keep suffering. And if you can do something about that, then you do it, and you do it without whining or waving your own fuckin' cross for the world to see. You do it because it's the right thing to do.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|Truth demands progress and change, and is always for the benefit of all souls—even if you must travel through a difficult learning process or make a shift as a result of facing the truth.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: How Things Become Popular|People gravitate toward products that are bold, but instantly comprehensible: Most Advanced Yet Acceptable--MAYA.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|The human race is all the same when it comes to romantic relations,' said the Major. 'A startling absence of impulse control combined with complete myopia.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|If sympathy is all that human beings need, then the Cross of Christ is an absurdity and there is absolutely no need for it. What the world needs is not "a little bit of love," but major surgery. If you think you are helping lost people with your sympathy and understanding, you are a traitor to Jesus Christ. You must have a right-standing relationship with Him yourself, and pour your life out in helping others in His way— not in a human way that ignores God. 
Friedrich Reck-Malleczewen|Science is rooted in the will to truth. With the will to truth it stands or falls. Lower the standard even slightly and science becomes diseased at the core. Not only science, but man. The will to truth, pure and unadulterated, is among the essential conditions of his existence; if the standard is compromised he easily becomes a kind of tragic caricature of himself.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|Christ wasn’t only a yogi; he was an activist, carrying his message to those who most needed it.
Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder|I was a newborn vampire, weeping at the beauty of the night.
Jim Bishop|Books, I found, had the power to make timestand still, retreat or fly into the future.
Anna Aquino|If we do not laugh, we will cry. Crying will only make us hotter and sweatier. We Jews like to joke about death because what you laugh at and make familiar can no longer frighten you. Besides, Chayaleh, what else is there to do?
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|The foundation of individual rights is the assumption that people have wants and needs and are authorities on what those wants and needs are. If people's stated desires were just some kind of erasable inscription or reprogrammable brainwashing, any atrocity could be justified.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|And we remember that there must be a balance. No birth without death. No life without tears. What is taken from the world must be given back, and from him who takes and does not give back, who would tip the balance of the river, from him all will be taken. No one should live forever, but should give his blood to the river when the time comes so that tomorrow another may live. And so it goes.
Jane Seymour|It's interesting because a lot of my 16-year-old kids' friends know me from 'Wedding Crashers,' and not so much Bond. My kids have a good laugh. I was 20 then. The look I had then was the look that a lot of their friends are assuming now. They think it's cool. What goes around comes around.
Rand Paul|Darwin gives courage to the rest of science that we shall end up understanding literally everything, springing from almost nothing - a thought extremely hard to comprehend and believe.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Changing irrational beliefs can impact multiple areas of life. It doesn’t matter how many times you repeat affirmations for success but if you don’t change your core beliefs, the changes will be temporary.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido|That is the thankless position of the father in the family - the provider for all, and the enemy of all.
Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|And now we step to the rhythm of miracles.--from The Light, That Never Dies
Abdul'Rauf Hashmi|In a world in which the common rule which binds and regulates what the general masses feel is undermined, what the general masses feel tend to become the common rule.
Erica Jong|When the modern movement began, starting perhaps with the paintings of Manet and the poetry of Baudelaire and Rimbaud, what distinguished the modern movement was the enormous honesty that writers, painters and playwrights displayed about themselves. The bourgeois novel flinches from such notions.
Thomas Merton, Gandhi On Non-Violence|There is no absolute hate or evil. On the contrary hate or evil are always intimately blended with love and goodness. What causes more hate and evil is paradoxically what tends to be done in the name of love and goodness. Hence, in order to reduce hate and evil we need to be aware of love and goodness, rather than hate and evil.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|As long as women are using class or race power to dominate other women, feminist sisterhood cannot be fully realized.
Cameron C. Taylor, 8 Attributes of Great Achievers|If I die on my way to the dance, it will be better than to survive having never lifted my feet.
John Connolly, The Gates|I chew the inside of my lip, considering for a second what it would be like to slap this skinny little witch right across her tight-lipped little face. ~Kelly about Suni
Lani Diane Rich|Anyway, back to the crush. Sorry to shift gears so fast, but we both know why we're here. I mean, if I wanted to discuss the existential angst of motherhood I'd be writing in a journal. Diaries are for the down and dirty, the stuff you don't want people to ever find out about you. Journals are the things you leave open around the house, hoping a literary agent will wander in, read it and declare you the next genius of your age.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|I do not have it in for relativism. In many respects I find it a fascinating, even attractive, alternative. It engenders epistemological humility, defeats an arrogant pomposity in belief, even promotes a sort of democratic ideal in matters of knowledge. Perhaps its most comforting feature is that it requires no hard work at all in the matter of justifying beliefs.
Edith Sitwell|You Know love when you see it, hear it, and feel it." ~ Amunhotep El Bey
Irving Townsend|Floyd arrived in the kitchen and leapt onto Casper’s back, then proceeded to start biting his neck. I’m an only child with a smallish family who had never done Christmas in a big way, but there was something about having two male cats tenderly humping in the corner of the room that made the occasion a little more festive.
Andrea Cremer, Invisibility|Maxwell Arbus was the reason Saul lost an eye?" "Yes," Millie answers stiffly. "But that was a long time ago. Saul has moved on. So have I." Whatever checks I'd held on my emotions shatter. "Moved on?!" Whirling around, I storm at Millie, waving my arms like a maniacal marionette. "I don't care if it was so long ago we could only get with a TARDIS! There is no moving on because it's happening right now!
Alexa Chung|In a movie, that's the only time when you're allowed these kind of fantasies to be lived. Being able to look so cool and be able to fight five bad guys and take them down. When can you do that?
Chuck Black, Kingdom's Dawn|If you begin to rely upon yourself and become arrogant in your skill, that is the day you will fall.
Melanie Sargsian, Lovember: A Collection of Short Love Stories|I wasn't even that lovable to begin with. I was a selfish ass, but somehow something I did made this man love me, deeply and without reservations. He knew things about me that I would die to keep secret. I trusted him more than I trusted anyone in my life. I mattered to him. He was suffering and I wanted it to stop. I wanted to see him happy. I loved him so much.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Their hands are tied not by ropes but by the greed of the intermediaries that the system has generated, who eat up the farmer’s income while it is on its way into his hands.
Joshilyn Jackson, Gods in Alabama|People sin, Lena. People in love sin a lot. God invented sex. He knows how it works
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|This is the fast lane, folks...and some of us like it here.
Richard Linklater|You like someone, you court each other, you get into a relationship. You're answerable to each other. Whereas, the non-answerability of dating, my God, I don't know if I would ever be able to.
Guy Murchie, The Seven Mysteries of Life: An Exploration of Science and Philosophy|The Fibonacci Sequence turns out to be the key to understanding how nature designs... and is... a part of the same ubiquitous music of the spheres that builds harmony into atoms, molecules, crystals, shells, suns and galaxies and makes the Universe sing.
Mary Crockett and Madelyn Rosenberg|Is any life so isolated that it lives only in the past and not in the present and future, too?
Michael Kelahan, The World's Greatest Love Letters|I'm familiar with the myth, I'm merely surprised that a femalewould be familiar with the classics.""You must have a very limited experience with my sex," Alexandrasaid, surprised. "My grandfather said most women are every bit asintelligent as men."She saw his eyes take on the sudden gleam of suppressed laughterand assumed, mistakenly, that he was amused by her assessment offemale intelligence rather than her remark about his inexperiencewith women.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your downfall is a preparation for your up-rise. If you don’t know this secret, you will remain on the floor, blaming your legs instead of your head!
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|True, the US Government does not have moral authority to ask for an independent investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity that occurred in final stages of the civil war in Sri Lanka. This is so not just because of what they have done in Sri Lanka, but what they do all around the world. Certainly, the US enhanced their assistance in many ways during last decades to fight against the Tamil Tiger rebels. But does the Government of Sri Lanka have moral authority to deny an international investigation? The answer is no.
Juan Luis Ortiz Hidalgo, Las mil vidas del profesor Bonham|If you weren’t held responsible for your mistakes, you weren’t making.
Human Angels, 365 Mantras for today|Every time they saw him, they recognized him and knew him and expected things of him. And every time he came up blank. It was like watching someone digging where they knew they'd buried something precious, digging and digging and realizing that whatever it was--was gone. But they kept digging just the same, because the idea of losing it was so terrible and because maybe.Maybe.He was that lost treasure. He was that maybe. And he hated it. That was the secret he was trying to keep from them, the one he was always fearing he would betray.
Paul Colaianni|A "breakdown" is when you've exhausted every option and have no choice but to accept the fact that you are powerless to create the outcome you want. A "breakthrough" has the same definition.
Isaac Newton|The thing about heros, are that they don't care what the person looks like, how they treat others or how they are treated themselves. That hero is the one who will constantly help you through the end, guide you through the detail and roughness that is life. They are ALWAYS with you through the end. But truthfully.............That's what I call a TRUE friend.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|What ranks above all else for economic and political reconstruction is a radical change of ideologies. Economic prosperity is not so much a material problem; it is, first of all, an intellectual, spiritual, and moral problem.
Richard Dawkins|We're at peak oil, peak water, peak resources, and so either we figure it out and let science lead or we head down a very bad, dark trail to where a lot of people aren't going to make it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our creativity, our inner sense of right and wrong, our ability to love and to reason—all bear witness to the fact that God created us in His image. The Bible says God “has not left himself without testimony” [Acts 14:17 NIV].
Hannah Simone|Marriage should be reinforced, not redefined.
Thea Harrison, Peanut Goes to School|You may be some fearsome creature, but I'm her daddy. You hurt her, there aren't enough stone walls to keep me away from you and prevent me from mounting your head on a pike. You think you're a mean sonovabitch? Next to a father who's listening to his little girl cry, you're nothing more than pottery.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Life has been fair, destiny may have staged it well but the timings were terrible.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|The sun tried to shine through the clouds but its light was dimmed even in us; high noon approached. I looked outside through the tinted windows at the people promenading down Madison. Couples held hands, bankers squeezed through crowds of window shoppers late for their daily thieving but all of them, even the poor, seemed content with existence, some even seemed happy. Nearly everyone’s outer shell was delicate and gracious that at the end of it all, on the border of nonexistence, each and everyone was happy to be alive. Everyone carried their heads with a radiance past the space they occupied and glided through time like flamenco dancers in a studio as big as the planet. Everyone wore masks that hid their sorrow (either that or they were sincerely happy) or wore armor that lightened the burden on their shoulders. Worst of all, I could not detect ever a flicker of thought; brains mired behind viral images and videos of people making even greater fools of themselves than they already were. And as the greatest fool of them all, I walked among them, never having learned to don the mask of happiness.
Virginia M. Axline|When a child is forced to prove himself as capable, results are often disastrous. A child needs love, acceptance, and understanding. He is devastated when confronted with rejection, doubts, and never ending testing.
Toni Morrison|Everybody's good when they're good, darling. You don't judge a person by that. It's how they act when things aren't good that tells you who they really are.
Tommy Lee Jones|Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
Agatha Christie, A Murder Is Announced|She wondered which would be worse -- to belong to the group assigned to lifelong drudgery, or to be on the other side, thinking you deserved everything the universe by sheer good luck had tossed in your lap, never realizing your whole life was based on lies.
Chris Mentillo|Start having more confidence in yourself, and others will do the same.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Without roots a tree, no matter how tall, cannot stand.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|We all get lots of people. And maybe we don’t always get to have them the exact way we want them, but if we can figure out a way to compromise, you know, then we can keep them all.
Elbert Hubbard, Elbert Hubbard's Scrap Book|Chasing angels or fleeing demons, go to the mountains.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|In various states of undress, those about her joined in her fondling, lowering their mouths not only to her nipples but to her arms and legs, so that each limb was held captive about the wrist or ankle, and smothered in kisses and gentle nibbles. In this way, perhaps eight of the assembly joined in pleasuring the young lady, taking care to only deliver the sweetest of sensations. The Gentlemen's Club
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|Dear Lover...you are the only man, who never hurt me, but broke my heart.
Os Guinness|wonderful people are made, not born – that the people I admired had achieved an unfakeable inner virtue, built slowly from specific moral and spiritual accomplishments.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|What can we do?" Mom asked again.I shrugged.But she kept asking, as if there were something she could do, until I just kind of crawled across the couch into her lap and my dad came over and held my legs really tight and I wrapped my arms all the way around my mom's middle and they held on to me for hours while the tide rolled in.
Timothy Goodwin, Within These woods: a collection of Northwoods nature essays, with original illustrations by the author|Some people hear the voice of God in their dreams or through prayer or meditation. For me, God is truly in the details—the details found in the connections between the living things on the planet all working together to maintain the atmosphere and the soil.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|Students didn't much like those who verbally or physically beat the crap out of them. But when researchers began measuring aggression alongside perceived popularity, they found an undeniably strong link. Recent studies conclude that aggressive behaviors are now often associated with high social status. Psychologists no longer view aggression as a last-resort tactic of social misfits. Now they see aggression as a means toward social success. (This does not, however, mean it is admired.)
Deepak Chopra, Super Brain: Unleashing the Explosive Power of Your Mind to Maximize Health, Happiness, and Spiritual Well-Being|However hard and however long we love someone who has died, they can never love us back. At least that is how it feels...
Betty Berzon|People love to talk but hate to listen. Listening is not merely not talking, though even that is beyond most of our powers; it means taking a vigorous, human interest in what is being told us. You can listen like a blank wall or like a splendid auditorium where every sound comes back fuller and richer.
Steven Chopade|Whoever changes one life, changes the whole world.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|Ideas are very important for the shaping of society. In fact, they are far more powerful than bombs or armies or guns. And this is because ideas are capable of spreading without limit. They are behind all the choices we make. They can transform the world in a way that governments and armies cannot. Fighting for liberty with ideas makes much more sense to me than fighting with guns or politics or political power. With ideas, we can make real change that lasts
Robert M. Price|I wonder how appropriate it is to try to 'argue someone into the kingdom.' Many apologists hotly deny any such charge, but I don't believe them. The tenor of almost all apologetics literature makes it plain that this is their intent.
Mary Kate|Who you are is not determined by what you wear, the money in your wallet, nor how you look. Who you are is simply determined by who or what you follow. If you follow money you will only seek after such, giving your all for it. If you seek after what they call, 'fun,' your life will be aimed towards finding a way to fame, or a new way to party. If you follow the Lord Jesus your life will be given to Him, and the hopes and dreams you have will be in pleasing Him!! Everyone follows someone or something. Who will it be? Choose wisely- you are important!!
Steven Redhead, Keys to Creating Your Reality|The only thing I can tell you is when it's there, you know it. And when it ain't, no amount of wishful thinking will make it so.
Sarah Dalton, Mary Hades|Keynes was a voracious reader. He had what he called ‘one of the best of all gifts – the eye which can pick up the print effortlessly’. If one was to be a good reader, that is to read as easily as one breathed, practice was needed. ‘I read the newspapers because they’re mostly trash,’ he said in 1936. ‘Newspapers are good practice in learning how to skip; and, if he is not to lose his time, every serious reader must have this art.’ Travelling by train from New York to Washington in 1943, Keynes awed his fellow passengers by the speed with which he devoured newspapers and periodicals as well as discussing modern art, the desolate American landscape and the absence of birds compared with English countryside.54‘As a general rule,’ Keynes propounded as an undergraduate, ‘I hate books that end badly; I always want the characters to be happy.’ Thirty years later he deplored contemporary novels as ‘heavy-going’, with ‘such misunderstood, mishandled, misshapen, such muddled handling of human hopes’. Self-indulgent regrets, defeatism, railing against fate, gloom about future prospects: all these were anathema to Keynes in literature as in life. The modern classic he recommended in 1936 was Forster’s A Room with a View, which had been published nearly thirty years earlier. He was, however, grateful for the ‘perfect relaxation’ provided by those ‘unpretending, workmanlike, ingenious, abundant, delightful heaven-sent entertainers’, Agatha Christie, Edgar Wallace and P. G. Wodehouse. ‘There is a great purity in these writers, a remarkable absence of falsity and fudge, so that they live and move, serene, Olympian and aloof, free from any pretended contact with the realities of life.’ Keynes preferred memoirs as ‘more agreeable and amusing, so much more touching, bringing so much more of the pattern of life, than … the daydreams of a nervous wreck, which is the average modern novel’. He loved good theatre, settling into his seat at the first night of a production of Turgenev’s A Month in the Country with a blissful sigh and the words, ‘Ah! this is the loveliest play in all the world.’55Rather as Keynes was a grabby eater, with table-manners that offended Norton and other Bloomsbury groupers, so he could be impatient to reach the end of books. In the inter-war period publishers used to have a ‘gathering’ of eight or sixteen pages at the back of their volumes to publicize their other books-in-print. He excised these advertisements while reading a book, so that as he turned a page he could always see how far he must go before finishing.A reader, said Keynes, should approach books ‘with all his senses; he should know their touch and their smell. He should learn how to take them in his hands, rustle their pages and reach in a few seconds a first intuitive impression of what they contain. He should … have touched many thousands, at least ten times as many as he reads. He should cast an eye over books as a shepherd over sheep, and judge them with the rapid, searching glance with which a cattle-dealer eyes cattle.’ Keynes in 1927 reproached his fellow countrymen for their low expenditure in bookshops. ‘How many people spend even £10 a year on books? How many spend 1 per cent of their incomes? To buy a book ought to be felt not as an extravagance, but as a good deed, a social duty which blesses him who does it.’ He wished to muster ‘a mighty army … of Bookworms, pledged to spend £10 a year on books, and, in the higher ranks of the Brotherhood, to buy a book a week’. Keynes was a votary of good bookshops, whether their stock was new or second-hand. ‘A bookshop is not like a railway booking-office which one approaches knowing what one wants. One should enter it vaguely, almost in a dream, and allow what is there freely to attract and influence the eye. To walk the rounds of the bookshops, dipping in as curiosity dictates, should be an afternoon’s entertainment.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|My opinion is that politicians should be humble in the face of history. And whenever history is a matter of debate, it should be left in the hands of historians and experts.
Barbara "Cutie" Cooper, Fall in Love for Life: Inspiration from a 73-Year Marriage|You thought you knew what food was, you thought it was elemental. You forgot how much restaurant there was in restaurant food and how much home was in homemade.
E. Lockhart, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks|You have some balls."Frankie hated that expression, ever since Zada had pointed out to her that it equates courage with the male equipment...
Paul Goodman, Compulsory Mis-education/The Community of Scholars|Education is a natural community function and occurs inevitably, since the young grow up on the old, towards their activities, and into (or against) their institutions; and the old foster, teach, train, exploit and abuse the young. Even neglect of the young, except physical neglect, has an educational effect -- not the worst possible.
Paris Hilton|A relationship is lovely if you're happy, comfortable in it and you really like the person. I can think of nothing better. But there's nothing worse than having a relationship in which you feel no interest.
Ralph Ransom|I believe in God, who made of one blood all nations that on earth do dwell. I believe that all men, black and brown and white, are brothers, varying through time and opportunity, in form and gift and feature, but differing in no essential particular, and alike in soul and the possibility of infinite development.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I have lost my faith, but I gained the truth! It is not important at all to lose your candle as long as you find a torch!
Debasish Mridha|Life is so short, transient, and beautiful that there is not enough time to get old.
Katherine Owen, This Much is True|And after that, you don't feel the same toward the other person any longer.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen|Like magic, she felt him getting nearer, felt it like a pull in the pit of her stomach. It felt like hunger but deeper, heavier. Like the best kind of expectation. Ice cream expectation. Chocolate expectation.
H. Rider Haggard, Child of Storm|His conscience, like a sunburnt scorpion, was stinging itself to death.
~Unknown|Smile fragrances one's reflection of the inner, which inspires others pleasure feeling.
Teju Cole|Reading a script is usually as exciting as reading a boilerplate legal document, so when you read one that makes you feel as if you're seeing the movie, you know it's something different.
Ryū Murakami, Popular Hits of the Showa Era|In a world of words, anything is possible...
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|There appears to be a vast amount of confusion on this point, but I do not know many Negroes who are eager to be "accepted" by white people, still less to be loved by them; they, the blacks, simply don't wish to be beaten over the head by the whites every instant of our brief passage on this planet. White people in this country will have quite enough to do in learning how to accept and love themselves and each other, and when they have achieved this -- which will not be tomorrow and will not be today and may very well be never -- the Negro problem will no longer exist, for it will no longer be needed.
Meredith Duran, At Your Pleasure|I deserve better —such a dangerous, mad thought for a woman to entertain.
Sheri   Fink|Don't be anyone's firefly in a jar! A lot of people are attracted to the light. Some are also intimidated by it. They selfishly try to keep it for themselves. Sometimes it happens so fast, you don't even realize you're being captured. There is magic within you that will suffocate in a jar. If you wake up one morning and realize there's a lid above you, do whatever it takes to free yourself. Life is much better beyond the jar. The world needs your light! Shine, Baby, shine!
Nikki Rowe|Know your worth and love yourself in such a way that anyone who is no good for you, wont be able to reach you.
Jon Favreau|The Middle East is ailing. The malady stems from pervasive violence, shortages of food, water and educational opportunities, discrimination against women and - the most virulent cause of all - the absence of freedom.
Suzanne Collins|I feel increasingly like age is very irrelevant. Quite often, cynicism is confused with wisdom, and my scorn is confused with a knowing, which I don't have.
Henry Cavill|Years ago, it was pretty hard to get people to empathize even a little bit with scaly, cold-blooded critters; now, thanks a lot to good PR from television, it is easier to get the message of reptile conservation and tolerance across. We have a lot to be thankful to reptiles for, not the least of which is their control of rodents.
Bertrand Russell|If an idea is indeed sensible, it will eventually become just part of the accepted wisdom.
Ace Frehley|These seem to me so ambiguous, so vague, so easily misunderstood in comparison to genuine music, which fills the soul with a thousand things better than words.
Steve William Laible|It is truly time to inspire your mind, whatever your dreams may be! Don’t wait for tomorrow, whatever your sorrows. Today is the day to ‘believe’. Jump to it! written by Lee Bice-Matheson, c2011.
Stephen Colbert|I believe that the government that governs best is a government that governs least, and by these standards we have set up a fabulous government in Iraq.
Elizabeth Howell, Knowing, Not-Knowing and Sort-Of-Knowing: Psychoanalysis and the Experience of Uncertainty|Shame Sucker! You suck my joy away!You suck my fun away!You suck my happiness away!Shame, you suck!
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|Journeys to relive your past?' was the Khan's question at this point, a question which could also have been formulated: 'Journeys to recover your future?'And Marco's answer was: 'Elsewhere is a negative mirror. The traveller recognizes the little that is his, discovering the much he has not had and willnever have.
Sachin sawariya|The hearts of everyone, the feeling is different Everyone in this world, the behavior is different The eyes are all the same.. But everyone's view is different.
Raphael Lataster, There Was No Jesus, There Is No God|Garbage, in its "worthless" state, is the primary fuel for creativity.
Pooja Ruprell|Gratitude heals, cleanses and purifies.
Steven Adler|I turn to someone, I'm not sure, to God I think, but I never ask for anything. I would never pray to win a title; it makes no sense. I've never understood those who pray before a match. I simply give thanks for what I have received.
Adhish Mazumder, Solemn Tales of Human Hearts|Welcome to the 21st century cosmopolitan world where biased thoughts preside over unbiased deeds, simple gestures become overrated gossip materials and injustice is a part of long term justice.
T. Jefferson Parker, Where Serpents Lie|I am deep in my willed habits. From the outside, I suppose I look like an unoccupied house with one unconvincing night-light left on. Any burglar could look through my curtains and conclude I am empty. But he would be mistaken. Under that one light unstirred by movement or shadows there is a man at work, and as long as I am at work I am not a candidate for Menlo Park, or that terminal facility they cynically call a convalescent hospital, or a pine box. My habits and the unchanging season sustain me. Evil is what questions and disrupts.
Dominic A. Pacyga, Chicago: A Biography|Is your life really so bad? This city is full of opportunities –”“Can you call it a city?” Marcus asked. “No gymnasium, no theatre, no forum? Where is the life a Roman man should lead?
Barbara Pollack|What to do with daughters has always been something of a problem, unless they are so pretty or so passive or so wealthy that they are snatched up as brides as soon as the come of marriageable age.— THE COLLECTORS: DR. CLARIBEL AND MISS ETTA CONE
Lewis Carroll|Let craft, ambition, spite, Be quenched in Reason's night, Till weakness turn to might, Till what is dark be light, Till what is wrong be right!
Misti Renea Neely|Everyone needs a helping hand, You just have to offer it.
Mary Renault, The Charioteer|He offered to make-out with Hunter if it would prove that he's ok with me being gay.""Hmm," said Adam. "Yeah I think I need to see proof.""Shut up.""Tell him it has to be shirtless. Wait, let me get my phone out-
M.J. Rose, Seduction|There is a canyon within a reasonable distance of nearly every school in the city," [Elaine Brooks] pointed out. What an exciting prospect, she said - a network of natural libraries for teaching children about the region’s rare and fragile ecosystems - and about themselves.
David Jones, In Parenthesis|...and how is a man to know the habits of their God, whether He smites suddenly or withholds, if you mishandle the things set apart, the objects of His people He is jealous of.
Pico Iyer|Oh, I'm terrible at travel.
Ron Sen, The Verses of Life|Where there is evil, brutality and hatred, there is overwhelming courage, strength and kindness. Focus on the good.Stay positive.Stay together.Stay peaceful.Stay strong.
Richard S. Prather, Take a Murder, Darling|He was dead, all right. He had been shot, poisoned, stabbed, and strangled. Either somebody had really had it in for him or four people had killed him. Or else it was the cleverest suicide I'd ever heard of.
Shonali Dey|In a world hooked in "Start-ups"She was his final "Settle-down"-The Drenched Writer
John Marshall Harlan|At last, we arrived home. Indian Vale. The house my father had built that had become mine and that one day would be my daughter’s, if she chose to stay in the area. She wouldn’t, though. Why should she? The young people here moved somewhere else as fast as they could, and the old folks withered away and died. The factories vanished and the mines and mills sank into the ground, and in their places were erected fast food joints and furniture rental places and pawnshops. Sometimes I hear places like where I live called “Real America,” and I know it rankles some folks—city folks, mostly—something awful, and I wish I could tell them it’s only done out of politeness. That it’s only people saying nice things about the dying.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|We are more likely to trust a person who is easier to read; they're easier to believe. Or we tend to think that an energetic and happy person will be more productive. Even traits such as competence, dominance, and courage can be conveyed by certain facial expressions and will stimulate unconscious bias.
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|Unless you stop him. Perhaps next we meet.""You'll be just as annoying?" I guessed.He fixed my with those warm brown eyes. "Or perhaps you could bring me up to speed on those modern courtship rituals."I sat there stunned until he gave me a glimpse of a smile-just enough to let me know he was teasing. Then he disappeared."Oh, very funny!" I yelled.
Philip Schaff|In Western lands there is a distinct division between the religious and the secular life. There is one rule of conduct for laymen and another for clergymen. This distinction has never found its place in the life of the people of India. There, all of life is included in the word 'religion.'
Walter Cronkite|I think being a liberal, in the true sense, is being nondoctrinaire, nondogmatic, non-committed to a cause - but examining each case on its merits. Being left of center is another thing; it's a political position. I think most newspapermen by definition have to be liberal; if they're not liberal, by my definition of it, then they can hardly be good newspapermen. If they're preordained dogmatists for a cause, then they can't be very good journalists; that is, if they carry it into their journa
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|As soon as we ask whether or not a story is true in the present moment, we empower ourselves to re-frame it.
Israelmore Ayivor|Power as a beneficial tool for aspiring achievers is primarily made up into four folds;1. Power to control emotions,2. Power to make right decisions,3. Power to stand against depression,4. Power to excel in innovations.
Charles Emmerson, 1913: In Search of the World Before the Great War|There was no keenness in the eyes; they seemed rather to be shedding love than making observations; they had the liquid look which tells that the mind is full of what it has to give out, rather than impressed by external objects.
Mark Salzman, Lying Awake|It's a mean story, Helen fumed. An absentee father who demands that his children put him at the center of their lives and beg for his return. Sister Priscilla didn't think it was mean, apparently. She was so in love with God that she had married him, even though she would not see his face, hear his voice, or feel his embrace for as long as she lived. One of us, Helen, thought is flying blind.
James F. Cooper|True liberty consists only in the power of doing what we ought to will, and in not being constrained to do what we ought not to will.
Mark Epstein, M.D.|Grandiosity is when we are wrapped up in winning life's false contest. This happens only when we live to impress the abusive parents in our heads, not when we are soberly and philosophically working to advance civilization.
Philip Roth|She thinks, I'm telling him who I am. He's interested in who I am. That is true, but I am curious about who she is because I want to fuck her.
Peter J. Carroll, Psybermagick: Advanced Ideas in Chaos Magick|Conspiracy theory, like causality, works fantastically well as an explanatory model but only if you use it backwards. The fact that we cannot predict much about tomorrow strongly indicates that most of the explanations we develop about how something happened yesterday have (like history in general) a high bullshit content.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|What do you see when you see me?' She asked him, burying her own face in his bosom. 'Do you want the truth?'She nodded.'The firing squad.''That's not the whole truth. Try again.''Insatiability,' he said with some bitterness.'That's oblique but altogether too simple. Once more,' she insisted. 'One more time.'He was silent for several minutes.'The map of a country in which I only exist by virtue of the extravagance of my metaphors.''Now you're being too sophisticated. And, besides, what metaphors do we have in common?
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|To drive free, to love free, to court destruction with taunts. One brief house of madness and joy!
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|To succeed in this competition means finding yourself in a place where you call the shots and gets the gain. This is not an easy feat, unless you are born into it. if you are not, you will need to out-smart your equals. You need to be more ambitious than they are. You need to work harder. You need to look better and smarter. You need to justify why it should be you and not them. It’s a competition.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I will pursue the dream, no matter how long it takes to fulfil it.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|She closes her eyes, and I can see the moisture. She’s deep-breathing again, and I notice her hands are clutched around the opposing wrists, nails digging in deep, hard, scratching. Pain to replace pain.
Barton Gellman|One thing that I tell people all the time is, 'I'm not going to answer a call from you after nine o'clock at night or before nine o'clock in the morning unless it's an emergency.'
Hall Caine|We aim in the domain of politics at republicanism; in the domain of economics at socialism; in the domain of what is today called religion, at atheism.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It's only "single steps" that make a journey of 1000 miles. It means the combined effect of many steps is the equivalence of a great journey. Go, take many little steps.
Jeff Sharlet, The Family: The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power|Funding for the Special Operations Network comes directly from the government. Most work is centralized, but all of the SpecOps divisions have local representatives to keep a watchful eye on any provincial problems. They are administered by local commanders, who liaise with the national offices for information exchange, guidance and policy decisions. Like any other big government department, it looks good on paper but is an utter shambles. Petty infighting and political agendas, arrogance and sheer bloody-mindedness almost guarantees that the left hand doesn't know what the right is doing.
Shelby Lynne|Ideally, I would love to mix singing and acting, but you can only be a pop star for so many years. I mean, at 30 it's a little bit sad, right?
Madeleine L'Engle|And we mustn't lose our sense of humor," Mrs. Which said. "The only way to cope with something deadly serious is to try to treat it a little lightly.
Laurie Paige|Lark: "You shouldn't yell at 
Marina Warner, From the Beast to the Blonde: On Fairy Tales and Their Tellers|MYTH: Beautiful Writing Trumps AllREALITY: Storytelling Trumps Beautiful Writing, Every Time
Erwin Panofsky, Meaning in the Visual Arts|But what is the use of the humanities as such? Admittedly they are not practical, and admittedly they concern themselves with the past. Why, it may be asked, should we engage in impractical investigations, and why should we be interested in the past? The answer to the first question is: because we are interested in reality. Both the humanities and the natural sciences, as well as mathematics and philosophy, have the impractical outlook of what the ancients called vita contemplativa as opposed to vita activa. But is the contemplative life less real or, to be more precise, is its contribution to what we call reality less important, than that of the active life? The man who takes a paper dollar in exchange for twenty-five apples commits an act of faith, and subjects himself to a theoretical doctrine, as did the mediaeval man who paid for indulgence. The man who is run over by an automobile is run over by mathematics, physics and chemistry. For he who leads the contemplative life cannot help influencing the active, just as he cannot prevent the active life from influencing his thought. Philosophical and psychological theories, historical doctrines and all sorts of speculations and discoveries, have changed, and keep changing, the lives of countless millions. Even he who merely transmits knowledge or learning participates, in his modest way, in the process of shaping reality - of which fact the enemies of humanism are perhaps more keenly aware than its friends. It is impossible to conceive of our world in terms of action alone. Only in God is there a "Coincidence of Act and Thought" as the scholastics put it. Our reality can only be understood as an interpenetration of these two.
William Shakespeare, Othello|When you’re a professional athlete, you get paid millions of dollars for doing something that’s not only fun, but also physical and badass. You have fans: pathetic people without their own lives or hopes or dreams that measure their happiness on your weekly performance (this still boggles my mind, but in the best way possible—however, my role as a fan now is quite detached). You get to travel around to different cities and fuck their most beautiful women. You are given license to do pretty much whatever you want all the time, and are forgiven easily and often instantly when caught doing anything illegal. Professional athletes can literally get away with murder.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|An age cannot bind itself and ordain to put the succeeding one into such a condition that it cannot extend its (at best very occasional) knowledge , purify itself of errors, and progress in general enlightenment. That would be a crime against human nature, the proper destination of which lies precisely in this progress and the descendants would be fully justified in rejecting those decrees as having been made in an unwarranted and malicious m
A. Lee Brock, Penny Willan and the Well: A Fairy Tale of Ode|Wrath crawled out from the well,on direction from Hell,to get back what it once lost.With vengeance in mind,it set out to find,a specified soul to accost.When the Hell-well beckoned,Mother’s will now reckoned,her dead soul now wholly enslaved.Embodied in a rotting husk,the corpse reeked of putrid musk,her being wholly depraved.
Terry Pratchett|The conscience is a right mix of instinct, reason and culture. The conscience itself is not a truth but it has an ability to access the truth. But the very conscience is assembled only by the reason.
Peter  Rogers, Straight A at Stanford and on to Harvard|Ambient sounds, especially with words, occupy about 5-10% of your intellectual bandwidth.By wearing ear protectors, you acoustically isolate yourself. This freed up bandwidth can now be focused on the desired task.It's a great deal. Just put on some earmuffs and you become 5-10% smarter.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|Becky --" he begins, and there's a tiny intake of breath around the churchyard. "Will you--" "Yes! Yeee-esssss!" I hear the joyful sound ripping through the churchyard before I even realize I've opened my mouth. I'm so charged up with emotion, my voice doesn't even sound like mine. In fact, it sounds more like...Mum.I don't believe it.
Jill Shalvis, Sweet Little Lies|Willa came around to Finn's side of the bar. She was tiny, barely came up to his shoulder, but she was like a mother cat when riled. He knew better than to go toe to toe with her, especially when she was giving him The Look. But he wasn't in the mood. "No," he said."You don't even know what I'm going to say.""You're going to say I'm being a stupid guy," Finn said. "But newsflash, I am a guy and sometimes we're stupid. Deal with it.""I wasn't going to say that." She paused when he slid her a look and she sighed."Okay, fine, I was. But you are being stupid.
Alek Wek|Saudi Arabia isn't the enemy, but it is a problem. It could make so much positive difference in the Islamic world if it used its status to soothe Sunni-Shiite tensions and encourage tolerance. For a time, under King Abdullah, it seemed that the country was trying to reform, but now under King Salman, it has stalled.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|The truth is in Jesus and it leads to the fullness of truth about God, man, creation, history, sin, righteousness, grace, faith, salvation, life, death, purpose, meaning, relationships, heaven, hell, judgement, eternity, and everything else of ultimate consequence.
Kunal  Sen|Wife, to him, was someone who stood for stability, forcoming home, for dealing with all the shit he wasn’t able to deal with. For providing a real life and not this insanity.
Lynette Mather|When your efforts run in the face of conventional wisdom and accepted mastery, persistence can look like madness. If you succeed in the end, this extreme originality reformulates into a new level of mastery, sometimes even genius; if you fail in the end, you remain a madman in the eyes of others, and maybe even yourself. When you are in the midst of the journey…there’s really no way of knowing which one you are.” (p.129)
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|I don't mind foreigners. God save the queen!" he squeaked and ran.
Avina Celeste|Accept your mistakes. Overcome your mistakes. Grow from your mistakes. Growth only comes after you have realized your mistakes. If you accept your mistake and have gained knowledge from it, it was all worth it.
Laila Ibrahim, Yellow Crocus|We must uncover our rituals for what they are: completely arbitrary things, tied to our bourgeois way of life; it isgood-and that is the real theater-totranscend them in the manner of play, bymeans of games and irony; it is good to be dirty and bearded, to have long hair,to look like a girl when one is a boy (and vice versa); one must put "inplay," show up, transform and reversethe systems which quietly order us about.
Ronald Chapman, A Killer's Grace|It is insufficient to understand all, and thus to forgive all. If we were to truly understand, we would know there is nothing to forgive.
Don Rickles|I am a fashion designer. I'm not an environmentalist. When I get up in the morning, number one I'm a mother and a wife, and number two I design clothes. So the main thing I need to do is create, hopefully, exquisitely beautiful, desirable objects for my customer.
S. Kelley Harrell, Gift of the Dreamtime - Reader's Companion|Though it doesn’t feel like it, crisis places us front and center of desire, which is the force of power.
L. Frank Baum, The Lost Princess of Oz|Imagination has brought mankind through the Dark Ages to its present state of civilization. Imagination led Columbus to discover America. Imagination led Franklin to discover electricity. Imagination has given us the steam engine, the telephone, the talking-machine and the automobile, for these things had to be dreamed of before they became realities. So I believe that dreams - day dreams, you know, with your eyes wide open and your brain-machinery whizzing - are likely to lead to the betterment of the world. The imaginative child will become the imaginative man or woman most apt to create, to invent, and therefore to foster civilization.
M. Basilea Schlink|Everyone hungers for a foretaste of heaven. The word "heaven" strikes a note in everyone's heart, for all men are Adam's children, driven out of paradise, but still cherishing a deep desire for the lost paradise.
Andree Seu World Magazine|The eye fixed on Christ sees clearly, succumbing to neither pride nor inferiority, because it is not concerned with the self at all.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t let the tide of life shift you away, move intentionally in the right direction
Ryszard Kapuściński, Travels with Herodotus|This is that which I think great readers are apt to be mistaken in. Those who have read of every thing are thought to understand every thing too; but it is not always so. Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking makes what we read ours. We are of the ruminating kind, and it is not enough to cram ourselves with a great load of collections; unless we chew them over again, they will not give us strength and nourishment.
Idries Shah, Reflections|If we can only speak to slander our betters, let us hold our tongues.
Eli Pariser, The Filter Bubble: What the Internet is Hiding From You|Caring means cultivating the skills of an active listener. That is easier said than done, as an anecdote about the extraordinary social skills of British politicianBenjamin Disraeli and his rival William Gladstone illustrates ... The rivalry between the two statesmen piqued the curiosity of American Jennie Jerome, admired beauty and the mother of Winston Churchill. Ms. Jerome arranged to dine with Gladstone and then with Disraeli, on consecutive evenings. Afterward, she described the difference between the two men this way: "When I left the dining room after sitting next to Gladstone, I thought he was the cleverest man in England. But when I sat next to Disraeli, I left feeling that I was the cleverest woman.
Diane Arbus|Regardless of how you feel inside, always try to look like a winner. Even if you are behind, a sustained look of control and confidence can give you a mental edge that results in victory.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|The last thing I remembered was joining the crew in a rendition of “Take to the Sky,” but the rest of the time blurred after I drank absinthe with the Captain.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|Writing is a form of therapy; sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Anon from the castle wallsThe crescent banner falls,And the crowd beholds instead,Like a portent in the sky,Iskander's banner fly,The Black Eagle with double head;And a shout ascends on high,For men's souls are tired of the Turks,And their wicked ways and works,That have made of Ak-HissarA city of the plague;And the loud, exultant cryThat echoes wide and farIs: "Long live Scanderbeg!
Warren Moore|Kermit: Hey, Fozzie, I want you to turn left if you come to a fork in the road.Fozzie: Yes sir, turn left at the fork in the road.[drives past a giant fork]Fozzie: Kermit!Kermit: I don't believe that.
Stefan Emunds, Holistic Self-realization|Your heart will challenge you, but also reward you beyond your wildest dreams.
Janet Malcolm, Forty-One False Starts: Essays on Artists and Writers|[David] Salle's earlier work had been marked by a kind of spaciousness, sometimes an emptiness, such as surrealist works are prone to. But here everything was condensed, impacted, mired. The paintings were like an ugly mood.
Leila Grandemange, A Story of a Promising Puppy|I love you, June, and you know how acutely, how desperately. You know that no one can say or do anything to shake my love. I have taken you into myself, whole. You need have no fear of being unmasked, only loved.
Michael  Sanders, Ayahuasca: An Executive's Enlightenment|Hmm. I think love is about loving all things, to treat each and every thing and every one as a sovereign being that’s free to make its own choices.
ketan r shah|It was not her way to make a conspicuous entry into anyone’s life, but towards the end of that week Sebastian said rather sourly: “You and mummy seem very thick,” and I realized that in fact I was being drawn into intimacy by swift, imperceptible stages, for she was impatient of any human relationship that fell short of it.
Lauren Blakely, 21 Stolen Kisses|It was not only Odette's indifference, however, that he must take pains to circumvent; it was also, not infrequently, his own; feeling that, since Odette had had every facility for seeing him, she seemed no longer to have very much to say to him when they did meet, he was afraid lest the manner - at once trivial, monotonous, and seemingly unalterable - which she now adopted when they were together should ultimately destroy in him that romantic hope, that a day might come when she would make avowal of her passion, by which hope alone he had become and would remain her lover.
Sara Hubbard|But in that moment, I didn’t want to be trusted. I wanted something far more primal. I stretched up on my tiptoes and leaned in. I closed my eyes as his scent overcame me. When his lips touched mine it felt as if he’d caressed them with a feather. It was all I could do not to wrap myself around him and do things I’d never really thought about doing before.
Francois Truffaut|My humor is my creativity, and my skepticism is a gift.
Jan  Reid, Deep Water Tears|The music is happy; the laughter is happy. Everything feels ecstatic and desperate. Blurrily, I think of sex, and I think of death. I realize: Every moment of joyous celebration contains the seed of death.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Write your dreams in journal,note book, card or on a cork. When you pen down your dreams, an a inner strength and divine power is activated for your to work towards the fulfillment of your dreams.
Ge Fei, The Invisibility Cloak|Do you mind if I contribute my thoughts to this one? If you could just stop nitpicking and dissecting every little thing, if you could learn to keep one eye closed and one eye open, and quit worrying about everything, you might discover life is pretty fucking beautiful. Am I right?
Gin Phillips, The Hidden Summer|*And to keep her immune system strong she followed Dr. Goodhue's advice to abstain from alcohol, get plenty of fresh air and exercise, and consume a nourishing diet, low in salt. Page 144"Fear is good. In the right degree it prevents us from making fools of ourselves. But in the wrong measure it prevents us from fully living. Fear is our boon companion but never our master.". Page 204"I've come to believe that how we choose to live with pain, or injustice, or death ... Is the true measure of the Divine within us." . . . "I used to wonder, why did God give children leprosy? Now I believe: God doesn't give anyone leprosy. He gives us, if we choose to use it, the spirit to live with leprosy, and with the imminence of death. Because it is in our own mortality that we are most Divine.". Page 307**"With wonder and a growing absence of fear she realized, I am more than I was an hour ago.". Page 372**my favorite!
David Furnish|The press attack people to sell more papers without thinking, but when you get famous you have to put up with this kind of stuff.
Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin|He slammed the door shut in Ian's face, the lock clicking into place. Ian hit it again with his fist before roaring, “If I were a pervert, I'd be looking for something a damn bit more attractive than you, jackass. And definitely someone that smelled alive. 
Adewale Osunsakin, Time To Awake Christian Magazine|Every moment, if properly utilized, has the potential to transcend space and time.
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|Your Soul sees your best, most vital self. She holds that vision when you do not. She knows you are worthy.
Angron, Wahammer 40K|What would you know of struggle, perfect son? When have you fought against the mutilation of your mind? When have you had to do anything other than tally compliance's and polish your armor? The people of your world named you "Great One". The people of mine called me slave. Which one of us landed on a paradise of civilization to be raised by a foster father, Roboute? Which one of us was given armies to lead after training in the halls of the Macraggian High Riders? Which one of us inherited a strong, cultured kingdom? And which one of us had to rise up against a kingdom with nothing but a horde of starving slaves? Which one of us was a child enslaved on a world of monsters, with his brain cut up by carving knives? Listen to your blue clad wretches yelling courage and honor, courage and honor, courage and honor! Do you even know the meaning of those words? Courage is fighting the kingdom which enslaves you, no matter that their armies outnumber yours by ten-thousand to one. You know nothing of courage! Honor is resisting a tyrant when all others suckle and grow fat on the hypocrisy he feeds them. You know nothing of honor!
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|If you're an artist, always keep at it, there will be someone out there who sees the universe and soul in what you've created. Maybe they can't afford it, but it calls them like the siren in a sea, and they've saved for months and scraped, thinking all the time about how one piece you made has moved them. You can change a person's moment with your work, don't forget that.If you're an author, someone out there has read your work. They've laughed with your characters. They've cried with them. They've escaped into your fantasy or memories, and they've been changed by you. Nothing they do afterward will be the same. You will forever make them different and who they will become. Please don't forget that.If you're a singer or musician, you inspire others. People sing when they feel great emotion. If you're one of those who bursts into song at a moment's notice, imagine what that can do to brighten someone else's day. People are listening. They see you, who you really are. They are feeling the magic of those moments with you. You never know who's life you can change. You never know who is listening. Never forget that.It doesn't matter what kind of magic you create, don't ever stop. There is beauty, pain, and so many other things that depend on you to continue. Never stop. Let the world see your magic. Perform your craft with all of the fibers of your being. Shine with your light. Edge with your darkness. Do what you must, but never stop. Your creations are a gift to the world, so give with all your might.You never know who might need it.
Queen Latifah|Life is like a wheel. Sooner or later, it always come around to where you started again.
Harvey Milk, The Harvey Milk Interviews: In His Own Words|All men are created equal. Now matter how hard they try, they can never erase those words. That is what America is about.
Kenneth Chenault|Well, I think that - I think leadership's always been about two main things: imagination and courage.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|I've got a stele we can use. Who wants to do me?""A regrettable choice of words," muttered Magnus.
Howard Mittelmark, How Not to Write a Novel: 200 Classic Mistakes and How to Avoid Them—A Misstep-by-Misstep Guide|In Truth,” I said, “there are no rules other than you have to tell the truth.”“How do you win?” he asked.“That,” I said, “is such a boy question.”“What, girls don’t like to win?” He snorted. “Please. You’re the one who got all rule driven on me claiming Instant Breakfast isn’t a food.”“It’s not,” I told him. “It’s a beverage.” He rolled his eyes. I can’t believe this, I thought. A week or two ago putting a full sentence together in front of Wes was a challenge. Now we were arguing about liquids.“Okay,” he said, “back to Truth. You were saying?”I took in a breath. “To win, one person has to refuse to answer a question,” I said. “So, for example, let’s say I ask you a question and you don’t answer it. Then you get to ask me a question, and if I answer it, I win.”“But that’s too simple,” he said. “What if I ask you something easy?”“You wouldn’t,” I told him. “It has to be a really hard question, because you don’t want me to win.”“Ahhh,” he said, nodding. Then, after mulling it for a second he said, “Man. This is diabolical.” “It’s a girl’s game,” I explained, tilting my head back and looking at the stars. “Always good for a little drama at the slumber party. I told you, you don’t want to play.”“No. I do,” he squared his shoulders. “I can handle it.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|There hadn’t been one specific moment. It was like gradualy waking up. You go from being asleep to the space between dreaming and awake and then into consciousness. It’s a slow process, but when you’re awake, there’s no mistaking it. There was no mistaking that it had been love.
Shawn Ashmore|Small unit autonomy, breaking the right rules, cultural influence, and relationship building has always been the heart Special Operations. Something must be done to ensure these are not lost to the big machine of SOCOM.
Gena Showalter, Unraveled|The witch's hair was too short and too dark for blond. She wasn't sure if that relieved her or disturbed her.Riley had immediately begun his interrogation, and it had gone something like this:Riley: Where is the meeting between your kind and Aden Stone supposed to take place?Witch: Go suck yourself.Riley: Maybe later. Meeting?Witch: Enjoy death.Riley: I have once already. Now, decide to talk or lose a body part.Witch: May I recommend a finger?Riley: Sure. After I take one of your very necessary hands.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|The power of the work comes through this alchemical process in which the darkness is transmuted into light, and the energy that was trapped in maintaining rigid social structures and unhealthy cultural conditioning becomes freed up and released.
Laura Baker|There's just something obvious about emptiness, even when you try to convince yourself otherwise. 
Baruch Spinoza, Complete Works|I shall treat the nature and power of the Affects, and the power of the Mind over them, by the same Method by which, in the preceding parts, I treated God and the Mind, and I shall consider human actions and appetites just as if it were a Question of lines, planes, and bodies.
Natasha Farrant, The Secret Diary of Lydia Bennet|The most valuable thing [Anton LaVey] did that day was to help me understand and come to terms with the deadness, hardness and apathy I was feeling about myself and the world around me, explaining that it was all necessary, a middle step in an evolution from an innocent child to an intelligent, powerful being capable of making a mark on the world.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|The way people behave is usually just a reflection of where they are in their journey of consciousness, what their own experiences thus far have been. We do not have to react to them, we can simply move to our own level of understanding. By observing others, we can also reflect upon our selves, and out own ways of being.
Magan Vernon, These Paper Walls|I shook my head. "You know I ain't never going to be good enough for her. She can't fall in love with me, you know as well as I do that nothing good is going to come of her staying with me.""Then why do you stay with her? Why, if you seem to think that this is a bad idea, do you stay with her?"I raked my fingers through my hair. "I don't know! Maybe I'm stupid? A glutton for punishment."Jackson pointed his beer at me. "Or maybe you love her too and that scares the shit out of you.
Christopher McCandless|Two years he walks the earth. No phone, no pool, no pets, no cigarettes. Ultimate freedom. An extremist. An aesthetic voyager whose home is the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou shalt not return, 'cause "the West is the best." And now after two rambling years comes the final and greatest adventure. The climactic battle to kill the false being within and victoriously conclude the spiritual pilgrimage. Ten days and nights of freight trains and hitchhiking bring him to the Great White North. No longer to be poisoned by civilization he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become lost in the wild.--Alexander Supertramp, May 1992
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|That eating should be foremost about bodily health is a relatively new and, I think, destructive idea-destructive not just the pleasure of eating, which would be bad enough, but paradoxically of our health as well. Indeed, no people on earth worry more about the health consequences of their food choices than we Americans-and no people suffer from as many diet-related problems. We are becoming a nation of orthorexics: people with an unhealthy obsession with healthy eating.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|Novel-writing has in one respect an affinity to the drama—that time and distance are required to soften for use the harsher features that may be exhibited from real life; that it was almost impossible to bring forward events without touching on their causes; and that any tendency to political discussion, however liberal or applicable, was not to be tolerated in a sort of work which people took up with no other design than to be amused at the least possible expence of thought.
Jim George, A Young Man After God's Own Heart|I know that when I read the Bible, my life is transformed. I think differently. I act differently. I talk differently.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Secrets of a Noble Key Keeper|When you open your mouth, listeners are offended.  When you close your mouth, the expectant are offended.  If a person seeks misdoing from you they will find it regardless of whether or not you deliver. 
Sarah Bakewell, How to Live: A Life of Montaigne in One Question and Twenty Attempts at An Answer|As history has repeatedly suggested, nothing is more effective for demolishing traditional legal protections than the combined claims that a crime is uniquely dangerous, and that those behind it have exceptional powers of resistance. [On witchburning in France during the 16th Century.]
Lia Weston, The Fortunes of Ruby White|Ruby poked at her rice, her mind racing. Perhaps he'd mistaken her for someone who had done a massage course or was qualified to give spriritual advice. She could only give advice on spirits, and only then if they were alcoholic.
P. J. O'Rourke|When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.
Elissa Janine Hoole, Kiss the Morning Star|They're holding flushes of face cards, and I think we're the pot.
Dave McKean, Pictures That [Tick]|In a moment, everything can change and in a moment, you can change everything.
Mumia Abu-Jamal|Conventional wisdom would have one believe that it is insane to resist this, the mightiest of empires, but what history really shows is that today's empire is tomorrow's ashes; that nothing lasts forever, and that to not resist is to acquiesce in your own oppression. The greatest form of sanity that anyone can exercise is to resist that force that is trying to repress, oppress, and fight down the human spirit.
Quentin R. Bufogle|I want an avowed atheist in the White House. When time comes to push that button, I want whoever's making the decision to understand that once it's pushed, it's over. Finito. They're not gonna have lunch with Jesus. Won't be deflowering 72 virgins on the great shag carpet of eternity, or reincarnated as a cow. I want someone making that decision who believes life on this Earth isn't just a dress rehearsal for something better -- but the only shot we get.
Samuel R. Delany|I don’t know whether Asimov realized he was saying this as well, but as an old historical materialist, if only as an afterthought, he must have realized that he was saying too: No one here will ever look at you, read a word you write, or consider you in any situation, no matter whether the roof is falling in or the money is pouring in, without saying to him- or herself (whether in an attempt to count it or to discount it), 'Negro...' The racial situation, permeable as it might sometimes seem (and it is, yes, highly permeable), is nevertheless your total surround. Don’t you ever forget it...! And I never have.
Twyla Tharp|If art is the bridge between what you see in your mind and what the world sees, then skill is how you build that bridge.
Brooke Burgess, The Cat's Maw|He looked up at the stars as the storm closed in and saw them extinguished, one-by-one, until just two remained. They glimmered and shone through gaps in the clouds like two great eyes in the darkness, burning on a demon’s face that chased him across the sea.
Dashiell Hammett, The Thin Man|Don't be so damned patronizing. Your performance so far has been a little less than dazzling.""I didn't mean no harm," I said and kissed her. "That a new dress?""Ah! Changing the subject, you coward.
Anne-Rae Vasquez, Doubt|Suddenly, a high-pitched sound blasted into the room. The floor began shaking beneath her feet. She paused for a moment, wondering if she was causing this.
Kazuo Ishiguro, A Pale View of Hills|Memory, I realize, can be an unreliable thing; often it is heavily coloured by the circumstances in which one remembers, and no doubt this applies to certain of the recollections I have gathered here. 
D. H. Lawrence|You talk about American technocracy and you find men on the moon, not once, but several times... and safely home again.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I thought of this, tell me whether it is true or false; you do not know something, you cannot know everything and you can miss anything
Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics|English, although the official language of Nigeria, was a formal language with which strangers and non-relatives addressed you. It had the potency of digging craters between you and your friends or relatives if one of you switched to using it.
Aisha Tyler, Self-Inflicted Wounds: Heartwarming Tales of Epic Humiliation|Opportunity to suspend disbelief is often why we watch movies. The stories and images touch us and shift perspectives in ways we may not allow in our daily lives. As readily as you check your “this isn’t real” attitude at the ticket counter – when transformers are defending earth against aliens and 21st century vampires frolic by daylight – on the big screen of your heart and mind train for, run and celebrate finishing your first marathon.
John Wooden|It’s not about some principled debate as to whether I should focus on what I have, or on what I don’t have. Rather, it’s about being thankful that I have the privilege to enjoy the former, and the opportunity to contemplate the latter.
Simon J. Townley, Lost In Thought|It's a mind, it works by metaphor.
Brian Spellman, Cartoonist's Book Camp|There is nothing more stimulating to the senses than that of a female body freshly emerged from a steaming hot shower, bathed in oils and feminine scents... well nothing except maybe a freshly opened package of chocolate double-stuffed Oreos.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|Do not believe the road signs. There is no "one way." If it's your truth then it's the right way.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I am 1324512000 seconds old. In the cosmic blink of an eye, I will become once again cosmic dust.
Jillian Michaels|I can jog, but I can't run. That's hard for me. I like the fact that I can jog for fitness, but to me there's a huge difference between jogging and running.
Ivan Turgenev|Can it be thattheir prayers and their tears are fruitless? Can it be that love,sacred devoted love, is not all powerful? Oh, no! Howeverpassionate, sinful or rebellious the heart hidden in the tomb, theflowers growing over it peep at us serenely with their innocent eyes;they tell us not only of eternal peace, of that great peace of"indifferent" nature; they tell us also of eternal reconciliation andof life without end.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|Spending $100 million on a fancy gym is completely unremarkable in contemporary American higher education. Yet $10 million for a really good online biology course that could serve millions of students is seen as an outlandish, unaffordable expense.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The books are to remind us what asses and fool we are. They're Caeser's praetorian guard, whispering as the parade roars down the avenue, "Remember, Caeser, thou art mortal." Most of us can't rush around, talking to everyone, know all the cities of the world, we haven't time, money or that many friends. The things you're looking for, Montag, are in the world, but the only way the average chap will ever see ninety-nine per cent of them is in a book. Don't ask for guarantees. And don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were headed for shore.
Subhan Zein|I don't write poems to melt your heart.I write them,so our heartscan melt together.
Ann Radcliffe|I ought not to doubt the steadiness of your affection. Yet such is the inconsistency of real love, that it is always awake to suspicion, however unreasonable; always requiring new assurances from the object of its interest, and thus it is, that i always feel revived, as by a new convinction, when your words tell me I am dear to you; and wanting these, I relapse into doubt and often into despondency.
Philip Yancey, The Bible Jesus Read|As the books of Job, Jeremiah, and Habakkuk clearly show, God has a high threshold of tolerance for what appropriate to say in a prayer. God can "handle" my unsuppressed rage. I may well find that my vindictive feelings need God's correction - but only by taking those feelings to God will I have the opportunity for correction and healing.
John Ajvide Lindqvist|It's a persons ego that leads them away. So I should say, let your mind be open to those things that affects your ego. Learn how to accept your mistakes and learn how to understand mistakes of others.
Sophia Loren|When you discipline a child, you prepare them for a responsible and accountable adulthood.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|His fingers skimmed down her body, over skin and satin, and she shivered, leaning into him, and she was sure they both tasted like blood and ashes and salt, but it didn't matter; the world, the city, and all it's lights and life seemed to have narrowed down to this, just her and Jace, the burning heart of a frozen world.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity|It is not trying that is ever going to bring us home. All this trying leads up to the vital moment at which you turn to God and say, ‘You must do this. I can't.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|They didn’t agree on much. In fact, they didn’t agree on anything. They fought all the time and challenged each other ever day. But despite their differences, they had one important thing in common. They were crazy about each other.
G.K. Chesterton, What I Saw in America|The Republican and Democratic parties both feed out of the same bag provided by the monied system, and where the list frequently differs the same interests are represented.
Stephen King, Storm of the Century: An Original Screenplay|When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?" and the thundering voice of God answered, There's just something about you that pisses me off.
Jean Marquez|For us, there's no other option than to hold to the tenets of our faith
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|The unknown is created through your thoughts. To be afraid of your thoughts is not practical nor prudent. One must acknowledge their own well-being through right thinking - love the self. In loving yourself, you think right for yourself. Love = Balance in body, mind, and spirit. All people, places, and things have "purpose" - each is manifested through right thinking. As such, you are of spirit, and through spirit all things are possible. Love yourself as you are in body, mind, and spirit today and you will know truth of the matter for you is now here. You create. You own your life. Allow yourself to manifest the good, the loving, the kind, the generous for you today and all days. So be it.
James Cash Penney|If you get stuck, draw with a different pen. Change your tools; it may free your thinking.
Hjalmar Söderberg, Doctor Glas|The finest of athletes have, along with skill, a few more essential qualities: to conduct their life with dignity, with integrity, with courage and modesty. All these, are totally compatible with pride, ambition, determination and competitiveness
Julia Roberts|We Americans typically are more positive about our individual futures, which we have some control over, than we are the nation's or the world's, which we see largely through the media prism.
Omari Hardwick|'Glee' is one of the very few mainstream outlets that is giving a voice to communities of people that don't necessarily have a loud voice, specifically the gay community. It gives a really positive and forward statement.
Jamila Woods|It was through poetry I learned just to appreciate my own voice and to not think of my voice in terms of what it needs to be able to do, but what it can do.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|You need some coffee, don't you?""Yes, I've only had a gallon.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Clary saw him take Mark's hand; he pressed his witchlight into the boy's palm, where it flickered, and then resumed its steady glow. 'Take this with you,' said Jace, 'for it can be dark in the land under the hill, and the years very long.
Bella Vespira|It's through traveling you make the great journey into yourself, and it's the clarity of extremes in traveling that forces you to meet yourself like you've never met yourself before.
Mel Odom, The Destruction of the Books|Sarcasm, as it turned out--even when it was instinctive and quick--cut into the time one had to manufacture one's escape.
Eric Newby, Love and War in the Apennines|As the sun rose I could see Etna, a truncated cone with a plume of smoke over it like the quill of a pen stuck in a pewter inkpot, rising out of the haze to the north of where I was treading water.
Mark Slouka|I lost my father this past year, and the word feels right because I keep looking for him. As if he were misplaced. As if he could just turn up, like a sock or a set of keys.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge is the seed,intelligence is the stem,understanding is the branch,and wisdom is the fruit.
Jonathan Maberry, The King of Plagues|The really pure in heart know nothing of what goes on around them each day, each night; never realize what poisonous weeds spring up beneath their childish feet.
Sabah Khodir|It's what everyone wants when they're breaking someone's heart: to be rid of the person and yet absolved of guilt, of the unhappiness they've caused. They want their rationalizations heard and gulped up by the wronged, and they want their victims to go away, peacefully. To never be haunted again.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Do you know the hallmark of a second rater? It's resentment of another man's achievement. Those touchy mediocrities who sit trembling lest someone's work prove greater than their own - they have no inkling of the loneliness that comes when you reach the top. The loneliness for an equal - for a mind to respect and an achievement to admire. They bare their teeth at you from out of their rat holes,thinking that you take pleasure in letting your brilliance dim them - while you'd give a year of my life to see a flicker of talent anywhere among them. They envy achievement, and their dream of greatness is a world where all men have become their acknowledged inferiors. They don't know that that dream is the infallible proof of mediocrity, because that sort of world is what the man of achievement would not be able to bear. They have no way of knowing what he feels when surrounded by inferiors - hatred? no, not hatred, but boredom - the terrible, hopeless, draining, paralyzing boredom. Of what account are praise and adulation from men whom you don't respect? Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?""I've felt it all my life," she said.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|It makes you love vividly, work intensely, and realize that, in the scheme of things, you really don't have time to sit on the sofa in your undies watching Homes Under the Hammer.
Molly Keane, Good Behaviour|Yes, we'll have to put a stop to this bookworming. No future in that.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Bullshit takes no genius,even fool senses its' foul.
Kari L. Greenaway, There is a God|Money said, "I warn you that ignorance thrives on hysteria.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Liao writes with the courage of a man who knows loss and doesn't fear it. There is nothing to make him notice like an official injunction against noticing, nothing to make him listen like official deafness, nothing that drives him to make us see like the blindness that officialdom seeks to impose.
Bob Dylan, The Lyrics: Since 1962|The character who was like me he died at 46, even it was 2008 year so far his name was David Foster Wallace.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|I just didn’t get it—even with the teacher holding an orange (the earth) in one handand a lemon (the moon) in the other,her favorite student (the sun) standing behind her with a flashlight.I just couldn’t grasp it—this whole citrus universe, these bumpy planets revolving so slowlyno one could even see themselves moving.I used to think if I could only concentrate hard enoughI could be the one person to feel what no one else could,sense a small tug from the ground, a sky shift, the earth changing gears.Even though I was only one mini-speck on a speck,even though I was merely a pinprick in one goosebump on the orange,I was sure then I was the most specially perceptive, perceptively sensitive.I was sure then my mother was the only mother to snap,“The world doesn’t revolve around you!”The earth was fragile and mostly water,just the way the orange was mostly water if you peeled it,just the way I was mostly water if you peeled me.Looking back on that third grade science demonstration,I can understand why some people gave up on fame or religion or cures—especially people who have an understandingof the excruciating crawl of the world,who have a well-developed sense of spatial reasoningand the tininess that it is to be one of us.But not me—even now I wouldn’t mind being god, the forcewho spins the planets the way I spin a globe, a basketball, a yoyo.I wouldn’t mind being that teacher who chooses the fruit,or that favorite kid who gives the moon its glow.
Adam Weishaupt|Behind the man is the Tree of Life, bearing twelve fruits, and the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil is behind the woman; the serpent is twining round it.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|We do not need to plan or devise a "world of the future"; if we take care of the world of the present, the future will have received full justice from us. A good future is implicit in the soils, forests, grasslands, marshes, deserts, mountains, rivers, lakes, and oceans that we have now, and in the good things of human culture that we have now; the only valid "futurology" available to us is to take care of those things. We have no need to contrive and dabble at "the future of the human race"; we have the same pressing need that we have always had - to love, care for, and teach our children.(pg. 73, "Feminism, the Body, and the Machine")
Pauline Seaport|You're not broken beyond repair there is hope. There is a God who knows all the pain you endure and will heal, protect and rejuvenate you.
Jim Sturgess|Love is such a powerful subject matter because it comes in so many different shapes and sizes. It's about timing, fate, failure, redemption.
Elon Musk|Psychology is much bigger than just medicine, or fixing unhealthy things. It's about education, work, marriage - it's even about sports. What I want to do is see psychologists working to help people build strengths in all these domains.
Atalina M Homan|Like an alchemical wave sending ripples of love to every part of our being, once we become conscious of an intelligent life force existing within us, everything changes.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Ethelinde, or the Recluse of the Lake|For having been educated in a convent, she knew nothing of the customs or manners of the world; and found it difficult to understand that among a people piquing themselves on their liberty, it was the custom to shut a man up in perpetual confinement, to enable him to pay his debts.
Mike Mignola, Hellboy, Vol. 6: Strange Places|In the end, we wear out our worries.
Henry Morris|The Bible is just a book. But, you choose whether to prove it's all true or nothing.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|I saw my father as a man, and not, as a man who was my father.
Sunday Adelaja|Every major outward change must first begin in the mind .So for us to expect development in our nations, we must first bring development to the minds and understandings of our people. The change we quest for outwardly must first be attained inwardly.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|Man is always prey to his truths. Once he has admitted them, he cannot free himself from them.
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|His deep voice rumbled. "You are all that ever mattered to me.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|He needs "space" and "time," as if this were physics and not a human relationship.
Dorethia Conner Kelly, #MoneyChat THE BOOK: How To Get Out of Debt, Successfully Manage Your Money and Create Financial Security!|You don’t have to be a miser, just be wiser with your money.
Bruce Fogle|The amazing activity of the cat is delicately balanced by his capacity for relaxation. Every household should contain a cat, not only for decorative and domestic values, but because the cat in quiescence is medicinal to irritable, tense, tortured men and women.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|Are we all living like this? Two lives, the ideal outer life and the inner imaginative life where we keep our secrets?
Neal Barnard|I actually went on a vegan diet. So I was nagging myself there. I don't nag other people about it. It was sort of an interesting experiment, and I found it wasn't that hard at all.
Timothy J. Stoner, Crucify!: Why the Crowd Killed Jesus|By shattering my preconceptions and cultural stereotypes, what materialized was a massive personality who was astonishingly winsome yet gravely terrifying. A man whose breathtaking compassion would draw you in, but whose ferocious honesty could cut and slice like a razor. Someone who was the most controversial, confrontational, divisive, yet compellingly beautiful man who has ever lived. Which is precisely what we would expect if the Creator of the universe happened to invade our world.
Paolo Maurensig|Life's temptations have the purpose of putting our spiritual integrity to the test. To yield to them, however, gives one a precarious and tormented satisfaction. But the worst temptations are those we give in to without getting anything in return except for the brutal discovery of our weakness.
