Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|One whose path has taken a new turn is often initially disoriented. But as time passes, and the path continues steadily in its new direction, there is a tendency to believe that it will remain so forever, with no further turns.Nothing is further from the truth. A path once bent is always susceptible to new changes.Particularly when the original change came from manipulation by an outside force.
Maggie Q|If you cut down a forest, it doesn't matter how many sawmills you have if there are no more trees.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|LADY BRACKNELLThirty-five is a very attractive age. London society is full of women of the very highest birth who have, of their own free choice, remained thirty-five for years. Lady Dumbleton is an instance in point. To my own knowledge she has been thirty-five ever since she arrived at the age of forty, which was many years ago now.
Daniel Woodrell, Tomato Red|Be careful what you're doing, because no one is ever who you want them to be. And the less you really know them, the more likely you are to confuse them with the girl or boy in your head.
Marty Rubin|Life isn’t going to give you all the answers to your problems. You have to search, diligently, for the answers that can change your life. It will be trial and error at first, maybe even for a long time, but when you find the answers that allow you to live your life in bliss it will all be worth it.
William H. Woodwell Jr.|Monday, June 9: People think they know you. They think they know how you're handling a situation. But the truth is no one knows. No one knows what happens after you leave them, when you're lying in bed or sitting over your breakfast alone and all you want to do is cry or scream. They don't know what's going on inside your head--the mind-numbing cocktail of anger and sadness and guilt. This isn't their fault. They just don't know. And so they pretend and they say you're doing great when you're really not. And this makes everyone feel better. Everybody but you.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|Lack can greatly be the reason for our conscious and unconscious steps in life. Mind what you lack, move for what is a must and be happy with what you have!
Steven Magee|As a sea level adapted human, I am more fearful about the radiation levels on top of high altitude mountains, mile high modern cities and inside jet aircraft than from nuclear reactors and bombs, as that is where I get the most radiation exposures in the modern world.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|The world, like a great iris of an even more gigantic eye, which has also just opened and stretched out to encompass everything, stared back at him.
Christopher Brookmyre, Pandaemonium|People didn't really like McDonald's, same as her mum didn't really like Catholicism, but when you were new in town, at least it was a known quantity. So that'll be a Quarter-Pounder and a Communion Wafer meal-deal to go.
Maajid Nawaz|I do not want to be a robot, a cog in society who answers 'yes' because 'yes' is considered the appropriate answer. Neither do I want to be a protestor. I just want to seek out what lies underneath the veils of politeness and programming that I've been given as a person in this society.
Kevin Smith|If I were you, Mr Lascelles," said Childermass, softly, "I would speak more guardedly. You are in the north now. In John Uskglass's own country. Our towns and cities and abbeys were built by him. Our laws were made by him. He is in our minds and hearts andspeech. Were it summer you would see a carpet of tiny flowers beneath every hedgerow, of a bluish-white colour. We call them John's Farthings. When the weather is contrary and we have warm weather in winter or it rains in summer the country people say that JohnUskglass is in love again and neglects his business. And when we are sure of something we say it is as safe as a pebble in John Uskglass's pocket.
Jonathan Maberry, Patient Zero|On the right, a brigade of trolls. On the left, squabling civil servants. Invasion of zombies. Have I managed to summarize the zeitgeist now?
Robert Jay Lifton, Thought Reform and the Psychology of Totalism: A Study of 'Brainwashing' in China|In sum, doubling is the psychological means by which one invokes the evil potential of the self. That evil is neither inherent in the self nor foreign to it. To live out the doubling and call forth the evil is a moral choice for which one is responsible, whatever the level of consciousness involved.
Arnold H. Glasow|But these notes make no pretense of being a record of fact. That isn't their object. They are merely notes of impressions, a record of vagrant thoughts, hopes, ideas that have floated through the mind of one present-day American. It is likely that I have not, and will not, put into them one truth, measuring by the ordinary standards of truth. It is my aim to be true to the essence of things. That's what I'm after.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Relationships need to be valued today, for tomorrow is uncertain.
Saket Assertive|Look you wanna know the truth? I don’t really care about thestats or the cup or the trophy or anything like that. In fact even the games aren’t that important to me. What matters to me is the perfect throw, making the perfect catch, the perfect step and block. Perfection. That's what it's about. It's those moments. When you can feel the perfection of creation. The beauty the physics you know the wonder of mathematics. The elations of action and reaction and that is the kind of perfection that I want to be connected to.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[God the Spirit] will never lead you contrary to the Word of God. I hear people saying, “The Lord led me to do this . . .” I am always a little suspicious unless what the Lord has said is in keeping with His Word.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There can be no fairer spectacle than that of a man, who combines the possession of moral beauty in his soul with outward beauty of form, corresponding and harmonizing with the former, because the same great pattern enters both.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|People I had never seen before flocked in, their faces showing a longing you never saw for cake. People's eyes lit up for a cupcake, cake seemed to signal celebration. But their eyes got filmy, watery, misty when we handed them a slice of pie. Pie was memory. Nostalgia. Pie made people recall simpler, maybe happier times.
Mohith Agadi|If someone is copying what you do, Congratulate yourself for inspiring that someone to follow your footsteps.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|If you should choose to look at those files, you will have to live with the consequences of your choices while, at the same time, being mindful that these choices will not only effect you, but will also infect, sorry, I intended to say effect, our entire family.
Jostein Gaarder, The Orange Girl|The of sitting a telescope in space was obviously not to get closer to the stars and planets the telescope was to study. That would have been about as daft as standing on tip-toe to get a better picture of the craters on the moon. The whole idea of a space telescope is to study space from a point outside the earth' atmosphere that gives that impression, in roughly the same way the ripping surface of a lake can give the impression that the stones beneath are wavy and indistinct. Or the reverse: from the bottom of a swimming pool it's not easy to see what's happening above the surface.
Nicole Mones|I've had this terrible stomach problem for years, and that has made touring difficult. People would see me sitting in the corner by myself looking sick and gloomy. The reason is that I was trying to fight against the stomach pain, trying to hold my food down. People looked me and assumed I was some kind of addict.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Pleading for forgiveness was always on the tip of her tongue. She had tried doing a good thing, but because of one thoughtless act, his two beautiful daughters were brutally raped, and running to the other side of the world hadn’t helped. Because of her, two innocent ADP employees were dead. She was older but not a shekel wiser, still opening the wrong doors.
Eric Hansen, Stranger in the Forest: On Foot Across Borneo|We might laugh at the notion of plastic tea sets in the jungle, but it is a time-honored ritual for Western travelers to collect preindustrial artifacts to use as home decorations...Possession of primitive artifacts suggests worldly knowledge, just as in the highland communities of Borneo an electronic wristwatch that plays "Happy Birthday" is the mark of a great traveler. Funny thing how travel can narrow the mind.
Santosh Kalwar|Life needs a constant change, minds needs the constant change, only thing that is permanent in the world is change.
Gore Vidal|The New START accord cuts the strategic nuclear arsenals on each side to 1,550 warheads. Can any of its critics make a case that our security would be imperiled if, the very next day, Obama and Medvedev made moves to take the levels down to 1,000—then to 500?If so, come show us the math. If not, it may be time to stop making arms control so politically complicated—time to stop letting arms control get in the way of disarmament.
B.J. Daniels, Rough Rider|His lips brushed over hers. She let out a sigh of relief and joy and pleasure. He pulled her tighter against him, taking her mouth with his own. She melted into him and the kiss, heart pounding, desire sparking along her nerve endings like a string of lit dynamite.
Hedy Lamarr|Men are most virile and attractive between the ages of 35 and 55. Under 35 a man has too much to learn, and I don't have time to teach him.
Yvonne Woon, Dead Beautiful|... In this world, darkness is always looming on the horizon. At Gottfried, instead of avoiding the dark, we meet it head on ...do the same with your studies and with every obstacle you face in the future. Do not accept the confines of the world as you percei
Jack London, The Call of the Wild|He was sounding the deeps of his nature, and of the parts of his nature that were deeper than he, going back into the womb of Time.
Alexander Lowen, The Voice of the Body|It is a grave injustice to a child or adult to insist that they stop crying. One can comfort a person who is crying which enables him to relax and makes further crying unnecessary; but to humiliate a crying child is to increase his pain, and augment his rigidity. We stop other people from crying because we cannot stand the sounds and movements of their bodies. It threatens our own rigidity. It induces similar feelings in ourselves which we dare not express and it evokes a resonance in our own bodies which we resist.
Auliq Ice|For an instant he thought he grasped the truth of a terrifying world in which one could not escape horror, in which violence was eternal, the great and only verity, greater than the civilisations it created, greater than any god man worshiped, for it was the only true god. It was as if man existed only to transmit violence to ensure its domain is eternal. For the world did not change, this violence had always existed and would never be eradicated, men would die under the boot and fists and horror of other men until the end of time, and all human history was a history of violence.
Lionel Suggs|Strategy is a commodity, execution is an art.
R.H. Blyth|Don't think of what you have to do, don't consider how to carry it out!" he exclaimed. "The shot will only go smoothly when it takes the archer himself by surprise.
Abrar Ahmed chowdhury| Lyrics belongs to us ina specific language, but music is universal.
Sam  Hunter, The Devil's Breath|He looks forlornly ahead of him, gazing at the road but looking at nothing in particular. The whole world is one big giant ball of light to him, and he feels like a bug inside it, waiting to be squashed. He feels like there is no sense of purpose, no direction. There is nothing waiting for him at the end of the rainbow. No pot of gold for all the pain he is feeling now, or the pain he has felt before. He just feels empty and lost, as if he is looking for something that can never be found. He feels lost that he can’t explain it to anyone and that no one will understand. He feels left out, standing alone, waiting endlessly for a ray of hope which never comes. He has suffered through this before, lurking in the shadows of his own despair, fighting for his life and losing the battle. But nothing ever makes this pain go away. Or the fear. He doesn’t fear what people fear. Not the loss of life or riches—Roman fears losing himself in this swamp called existence. He fears becoming the person he doesn’t want to become, and most of all, he fears himself. Fears his own potential to destroy and destruct. To obliterate. To suffocate his own life. He fears all that and he is afraid no one will ever know what his heart aches for, or how bad he has it. At times he feels the urge to tell this to someone, but other times he just enjoys being silent, watching on like a passerby at his own life, an observer rather than someone who’s actually living it.
J. Cole|In the big picture, architecture is the art and science of making sure that our cities and buildings fit with the way we want to live our lives.
Ryan Holiday|My mom was a little weepy. My dad was very logical about it. Once they realized you can't change, they wanted to know that you can be happy and be gay. Once they realized that, they were very cool about it.
Sarah Hyland|I don't know if any famous people follow me, but their daughters definitely do.
Kenneth H. Blanchard, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|Once leaders embrace the role of coach, they realize the weight of leadership is now balanced between themselves and their direct reports.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Whoever has no house now, will never have one. Whoever is alone will stay alone, will sit, read, write long letters through the evening, and wander on the boulevards, up and down, restlessly, while dry leaves are blowing.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|It's bewildering to me how you can just start chatting with a complete stranger on Facebook, and - next thing you know - it seems as if there's some intense connection with the person - or at least you feel that closeness and hope it's mutual
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: Why Things Become Popular|Marcus Brutus was the original tragic hero of the play ‘Julius Caesar’, Aditya concluded. Perhaps, Shakespeare should have named his play ‘Marcus Brutus’. But then again, it all must have boiled down to saleability and marketing; Julius Caesar being the more famous and thus bankable name. Ironical it was, Aditya smiled. The same Shakespeare had once said-‘What’s in a name...
B.R. Ambedkar|Justice came from a fight amid complexities, and required all the virtues in the world merely to be perceived.
Alan W. Watts, Does It Matter?|Not long ago Congress voted, with much patriotic rhetoric, for the imposition of severe penalties upon anyone presuming to burn the flag of the United States. Yet the very Congressmen who passed this law are responsible, by acts of commission or omission, for burning, polluting, and plundering the territory that the flag is supposed to represent. Therein, they exemplified the peculiar andperhaps fatal fallacy of civilization: the confusion of symbol with reality.
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|If my like for you was a football crowd, you’d be deaf ’cause of the roar. And if my like for you was a boxer, there’d be a dead guy lying on the floor. And if my like for you was sugar, you’d lose your teeth before you were twenty. And if my like for you was money, let’s just say you’d be spending plenty.
Katie Kacvinsky, Middle Ground|Seize the day, then let it go.
Tibor Fischer, The Thought Gang|Tell the story, gather the events, repeat them. Pattern is a matter of upkeep. Otherwise the weave relaxes back to threads picked up by birds to make their nests. Repeat, or the story will fall and all the king's horses and all the king's men. . . . Repeat, and cradle the pieces carefully, or events will scatter like marbles on a wooden floor.
William   Cook, Blood Related|Billy sipped the last of his coffee from the mug and shut down his laptop. 1,000 words wasn’t great but it also wasn’t as bad as no words at all. It hadn’t exactly been a great couple of years and the royalties from his first few books were only going to hold out so much longer. Even if he didn’t have anything else to worry about there was always Sara to consider. Sara with her big blue eyes so like her mother’s. He sat for a moment longer thinking about his daughter and all they’d been through since Wendy had passed. Then he picked up his mug with a long sigh and carried it to the kitchen to rinse it in the sink. When he came back into his little living room and the quiet of 1 AM he wasn’t surprised to find her there over to the side of the bookshelf hovering close to the floor just beyond the couch. Wendy. Her eyes were cold and intense in death, angry and spiteful in a way he’d never seen them when she was alive. What once had been beautiful was now a horror and a threat, one that he’d known far too well in the years since she’d died. He and Sara both. He stood where he was looking at her as she glared up at him. Part of her smaller vantage point was caused by kneeling next to the shelf but he knew from the many times she’d walked or run through a room that death had also reduced her, made her no higher than 4 or 4 and half feet when she’d been 6 in life. She was like a child trapped there on the cusp between youth and coming adulthood. Crushed and broken down into a husk, an entity with no more love for them than a snake. Familiar tears stung his eyes but he blinked them away letting his anger and frustration rise in place of his grief.“Fuck you! What right do you have to be here? Why won’t you let Sara and I be? We loved you! We still love you!”She doesn’t respond, she never does. It’s as if she used up all of her words before she died and now all that’s left is the pain and the anger of her death. The empty lack of true life in her eyes leaves him cold. He doesn’t say anything else to her. It’s all a waste and he knows it. She frightens him as much as she makes him angry. Spite lives in every corner of her body and he’s reached his limit on how long he can see this perversion, this nightmare of what once meant so much to him.He walks past the bookshelf and through the doorway there. He and Sara’s rooms are up above. With an effort he resists the urge to look back down the hall to see if she’s followed. He refuses to treat his wife like a boogeyman no matter how much she has come to fit that mold. He can feel her eyes burning into him from somewhere back at the edge of the living room. The sensation leaves a cold trail of fear up his back as he walks the last four feet to the stairs and then up. He can hear her feet rush across the floor behind him and the rustle of fabric as she darts up the stairs after him. His pulse and his feet speed up as she grows closer but he’s never as fast as she is. Soon she slips up the steps under his foot shoving him aside as she crawls on her hands and feet through his legs and up the last few stairs above. As she passes through his legs, her presence never more clear than when it’s shoving right against him, he smells the clean and medicinal smells of the operating room and the cloying stench of blood. For a moment he’s back in that room with her, listening to her grunt and keen as she works so hard at pushing Sara into the world and then he’s back looking up at her as she slowly considers the landing and where to go from there. His voice is a whisper, one that pleads. “Wendy?
John Zakour, The Doomsday Brunette|Carol, I thought you didn't liked playing with the minds of normal people.”“Yes, but the press don't count as normal.”“She’s got you there,” HARV added.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|When a belief becomes more than an instrument, you are lost. You remain lost until you learn what 'belief' is really for.
Martha Hall Foose, Screen Doors and Sweet Tea: Recipes and Tales from a Southern Cook|Decadent cooks go one step further and make sculptures of the food itself. If life is to be spent in pursuit of the extravagant, the extreme, the grotesque, the bizarre, then one's diet should reflect the fact. Life, meals, everything must be as artificial as possible - in fact works of art. So why not begin by eating a few statues?
David Ignatius|Reagan's emotional intelligence, his ability to suss out people's longings and to channel them for political purposes, was better than just about any human being that ever lived.
Alan Rickman|To call that writing, madam, is an insult to quills and ink across the world.
Agatha Christie, The Mystery of the Blue Train|Trains are relentless things, aren't they, Monsieur Poirot? People are murdered and die, but they go on just the same. I am talking nonsense, but you know what I mean.""Yes, yes, I know. Life is like a train, Mademoiselle. It goes on. And it is a good thing that that is so.""Why?""Because the train gets to its journey's end at last, and there is a proverb about that in your language, Mademoiselle.""'Journey's end in lovers meeting.'" Lenox laughed. "That is not going to be true for me.""Yes--yes, it is true. You are young, younger than you yourself know. Trust the train, Mademoiselle, for it is le bon Dieu who drives it."The whistle of the engine came again."Trust the train, Mademoiselle," murmured Poirot again. "And trust Hercule Poirot. He knows.
Douglas Adams, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|You come to me for advice, but you can't cope with anything you don't recognize. Hmmm. So we'll have to tell you something you already know but make it sound like news, eh Well, business as usual , I suppose.
Jane Goodall, Harvest for Hope: A Guide to Mindful Eating|We have so far to go to realize our human potential for compassion, altruism, and love.
Daniel Simons|We pay attention to what we are told to attend to, or what we're looking for, or what we already know...what we see is amazingly limited.
Dennis Liggio, Support Your Local Monster Hunter|Explosive Pandemic-type zombies mostly spread the contagion through wounding or biting humans, and in that way, the increase their numbers. Because they multiply so quickly and explosively, they can destroy all human civilization in a very short time. For this reason, will refer to them as Explosive Pandemic-type zombies. The person responsible for Explosive Pandemic-type zombies is none other than George A Romero, who created them in 1968 Night of the Living Dead.
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|Don't promote yourself as a country of constitutionality and compassion if you honestly believe that putting people in prison and treating them like animals is justified. Stop all the hype that we live in a free and democratic society. I used to ramble on about the same stuff. But now—are we really a country that believes in fairness and compassion? Are we really a country that treats people fairly? I've met good men—yes, good men—in prison who made mistakes out of stupidity or ignorance, greed, or just bad judgment, but they did not need to be sent to prison to be punished; eighteen months for catching too many fish; two years for inflating income on a mortgage application; three months for selling a whale's tooth on eBay; fifteen years for a first-time nonviolent drug conspiracy in which no drugs were found or seized. There are thousands of people like these in our prisons today, costing American taxpayers billions of dollars when these individuals could be punished in smarter, alternative ways. Our courts are overpunishing decent people who make mistakes, and our prisons have no rewards or incentives for good behavior. In this alone criminal justice and prison systems contradict their own mission statements (244).
Michelle Obama|If recycling is the future, then we must focus our efforts on mitigating negative impacts to our community while protecting our environment.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|It's always amazing how when we're sure we've lost something for good, it winds up finding us.
Elite Summaries, Summary of MONEY Master The Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom by Tony Robbins | Includes Analysis|Remember: we’re drowning in information, but we’re starving for wisdom.
Émilie Du Châtelet, Selected Philosophical and Scientific Writings|Upon this dispute not alone our lands and goods are engaged, but all that we call ours. These rights, these privileges, which made our fathers freemen, are in question.
Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.|There is no witness so dreadful, no accuser so terrible as the conscience that dwells in the heart of every man.
Brian Edward Arsenault|Life just gets better when enthusiasm befriends inspiration and turns the mundane into a chemistry of excitement. Whether by the grace of god, character or determination, it seems that these budding whim's of excitement come as friends, to impart a little of themselves upon our hopes, dreams and desires.
Brian Grazer, A Curious Mind: The Secret to a Bigger Life|However, narrating what you remember, telling it to someone, does something else. The more a person recalls a memory, the more they change it. Each time they put it into language, it shifts. The more you describe a memory, the more likely it is that you are making a story that fits your life, resolves the past, creates a fiction you can live with. It’s what writers do. Once you open your mouth, you are moving away from the truth of things. According to neuroscience. The safest memories are locked in the brains of people who can’t remember. Their memories remain the closest replica of actual events. Underwater. Forever.
Tim Allen|Often it's a lack of time, not taste, that leads someone to hire a decorator. A good decorator/client relationship should be like a marriage. The time one puts in needs to be extensive. One needs to listen to them and understand what they like and how they live.
Conrad Aiken, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|The projector's beam lay warm on Walt's neck, and he knew they'd all been plucked from danger and love, from another time, another place, and set back into this dark, sticky-floored theater, in the heart of nothing much that mattered.
Richard Ford, Canada|Chase every rung of possibility, and you still get absolutely nowhere.
Lights Poxlietner|Honestly, if you don't fit in then you're probably doing the right thing.
Daniel Gottlieb, Voices in the Family: A Therapist Talks About Listening, Openness & Healing|More often than not, it’s disrespectful to them (our children) - and disrespectful to their struggle with their tasks in life- if our own anxiety as parents makes us cling to our children. It’s disrespectful is we demand more intimacy than they are willing or able to give. Too much involvement with our children is not an act of love- it’s an act of selfishness.
George Washington Carver|Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people.
Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers|Who knew why they waited, I thought, understanding that I, too, had it in me to wait. To expect change to come from outside, to concentrate on the task of meeting it, waiting to meet it, rather than going out and finding it.
T.L. Martin, Touched by Death|People say what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. They say that when you been through something terrible ... But it doesn't. It breaks your bones, leaving everything splintered and held together with grubby bandages and yellowing sticky tape. Creaking along the fault lines, Fragile and exhausting to hold together. Sometimes you wish it had killed you.
Joseph Lewis, Atheism And Other Addresses|Atheism rises above creeds and puts Humanity upon one plane.There can be no 'chosen people' in the Atheist philosophy.There are no bended knees in Atheism;No supplications, no prayers;No sacrificial redemptions;No 'divine' revelations;No washing in the blood of the lamb;No crusades, no massacres, no holy wars;No heaven, no hell, no purgatory;No silly rewards and no vindictive punishments;No christs, and no saviors;No devils, no ghosts and no gods.
El DeBarge|I've always made a total effort, even when the odds seemed entirely against me. I never quit trying; I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Memory cannot be understood, either, without a mathematical approach. The fundamental given is the ratio between the amount of time in the lived life and the amount of time from that life that is stored in memory. No one has ever tried to calculate this ratio, and in fact there exists no technique for doing so; yet without much risk of error I could assume that the memory retains no more than a millionth, a hundred-millionth, in short an utterly infinitesimal bit of the lived life. That fact too is part of the essence of man. If someone could retain in his memory everything he had experienced, if he could at any time call up any fragment of his past, he would be nothing like human beings: neither his loves nor his friendships nor his angers nor his capacity to forgive or avenge would resemble ours.We will never cease our critique of those persons who distort the past, rewrite it, falsify it, who exaggerate the importance of one event and fail to mention some other; such a critique is proper (it cannot fail to be), but it doesn't count for much unless a more basic critique precedes it: a critique of human memory as such. For after all, what can memory actually do, the poor thing? It is only capable of retaining a paltry little scrap of the past, and no one knows why just this scrap and not some other one, since in each of us the choice occurs mysteriously, outside our will or our interests. We won't understand a thing about human life if we persist in avoiding the most obvious fact: that a reality no longer is what it was when it was; it cannot be reconstructed.
Jean de Berg, The Image/The Whip Angels|I woke up, smiling to myself at this dream with its allegorical aspects but with no real meaning.
Margaret Peterson Haddix|I loved to read when I was a kid, and as soon as I realized that an actual person got to make up the books I loved so much, I decided that that was the job for me.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|He who has a true idea simultaneously knows that he has a true idea, and cannot doubt of the truth of the thing perceived.
Deyth Banger|I'm sure that the book is incrediable, phenomenal and so on and so on going in positive direction... But the film wasn't made well (I'm talking about NeedFul Things by Stephen King), the effects weren't good, some scenes were missed, for example I'm very curiouis how does the guy kills his wife with the harmer... The scene reminds me for Shining, but Unfortunately in the Shining there were more possibilities to be saw this scene, than in this film... If some disadvantages will be fixed, then I'm sure that the film will be pretty interesting, however to don't forget about the quality!
Michael O'Keefe|It's not that I think weddings - or marriages - are letdowns. It's just that I want to see my wedding as one awesome achievement on a continuum of achievements, all of which were, in their way, just as beautiful and profound for having led me to the current one.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|They cleared swiftly, dramatically, like a stage set or a movie; we went from black to stunning blue, the day emerging at once wet and crisp, the trees dripping jewels, the flowers drunk on drinking, their heads lolling with dizzy delight, rivulets etched into our earth, showing us which way the rain ran, downhill, of course, heading, all water, straight for our yet-to-be-pond.
Seth Garfield, Indigenous Struggle at the Heart of Brazil: State Policy, Frontier Expansion, and the Xavante Indians, 1937-1988|History matters, not because it repeats itself (which it never does), but because its narration can rid demons that torment the oppressed, shock the complacent and intransigent into self-reflection, and inspire feats of human perseverance and will.
Quentin R. Bufogle, Horse Latitudes|I liked Rafael. I liked listening to Rafael. I liked touching him. I liked it when he took me in his arms and made me feel like I belonged to him, like our hearts ran together as one, indistinct. Rafael was beautiful. Rafael was my heart's friend. I didn't understand how that meant I liked boys. As far as I knew, it only meant I liked Rafael.More than liked Rafael.
James Axtell|Most of the words we use in history and everyday speech are like mental depth charges. As they descend [through our consciousness] and detonate, their resonant power is unleashed, showering our understanding with fragments of accumulated meaning and association.
Jack Iams, Table For Four|A library is a place to go for a reality check, a bracing dose of literature, or a "true reflection of our history," whether it's a brick-and-mortar building constructed a century ago or a fanciful arrangement of computer codes. The librarian is the organizer, the animating spirit behind it, and the navigator. Her job is to create order out of the confusion of the past, even as she enables us to blast into the future.
Eartha Kitt|If you can attribute your success entirely to your own mental effort, to your own attitude, to some spiritual essence that you have that is better than other people's, then that must feel pretty good.
Toni Collette|All travel has its advantages. If the passenger visits better countries, he may learn to improve his own. And if fortune carries him to worse, he may learn to enjoy it.
Margaret Thatcher|When I'm out of politics I'm going to run a business, it'll be called rent-a-spine
Morihei Ueshiba|I had rather excel others in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and dominion.
Isaac Asimov|Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Celebration is the sparkle in the eye of the one who glows. It is the song that plays in the house of freedom. Celebration is the dance of life, it’s the one dancing to the drumbeat of the heart, it’s your birthday cake, it’s you blowing out the trick candles, it’s you delighting in the fire of life.
Sara  Barnard, Beautiful Broken Things|There are misplaced expectations, once you recognize those, you are only left with smart ones. To "expect yourself" to expect nothing (from others) is going against human psychology. Expectation is the root of all valid transactions and fulfillment.
Maurice Maeterlinck|Justice is the very last thing of all wherewith the universe concerns itself. It is equilibrium that absorbs its attention; and what we term justice is truly nothing but this equilibrium transformed, as honey is nothing but a transformation of the sweetness found in the flower. Outside man there is no justice; within him injustice cannot be.
Nikki Rowe|I whispered to him, You'll regret it if you let me go. I don't wait for a man, if he's not willing to grow' He didn't believe me, he made his choice & That was the last time, he ever heard my voice.
Nazanin Boniadi|Insomnia is a very prevalent issue. It's a women's health issue, and I chose to talk about it because so many people have experienced it to varying degrees. For me, I'm doing great now, but it took a lot of work to figure out how to get back to sleep. I had to change some of my habits. I developed some pretty bad sleep ritual habits.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Accidental Siren|It's hard to do," I said. Wes looked at me. "What is?" I swallowed, not sure why I'd said this out loud. "Get it right.
Victor J. Stenger, God: The Failed Hypothesis: How Science Shows That God Does Not Exist|All you ever were was a little bit of the universe, thinking to itself.
John C. Maxwell, Becoming a Person of Influence: How to Positively Impact the Lives of Others|If we do not question well then those who follow behind will almost certainly question badly. And if we are not confidently proclaiming the shape of our faith, then our faith will be of little use to those who desperately need it.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|I’d fought alongside them in that battle, but up close, when they stood quietly watching us, they looked as beautiful as they looked unreal. The angels weren’t supposed to feel emotion, but they were weeping. All of them. Their tears stained their flawless faces like rain running in rivulets across stone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Keep moving in the direction of your dreams. No matter how slows it may seems, stay focus, you will get to the finish line.
Michael Sheen|What I really tried to do with Helen was make her show this sad side of her. She was married off at 16, was so young and living in this castle that can't leave because of how she looks, and married to a man she hates and three times her age.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|The only thing she could do now was to shed a few tears, feeling rather afraid of herself, an intelligent young woman, who had everything going for her, but who tended to make the wrong decisions. She just hoped that this time she was right.
Quinn Loftis, Beyond the Veil|It is said in the Upanishads: ‘I am the Universe.’ If you ask a hundred people as to how they find the world, they are all likely to give different answers. For some, the world is beautiful and the people are good, while for others, the world is extremely bad, and the people are treacherous and sinful. Why the same world is different for different people? It is so, because the outer world is the projection of our inner world. Therefore, the only way to improve the world outside is to improve the world within. While we may not have any control over the outside world, we can change our world within and thus change the world outside.
Philo of Alexandria|The Limit of Happiness Is the Presence of GodBut it is something great that Abraham asks, namely that God shall not pass by nor remove to a distance and leave his soul desolate and empty (Gen. 18:3). For the limit of happiness is the presence of God, which completely fills the whole soul with his whole incorporeal and eternal light.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Papa was a man with silver eyes, not dead ones. Papa was an accordion! But his bellows were all empty. Nothing went in and nothing came out.
Mary Gaitskill|I have no doubts, by the way, that Ariel Sharon really wants to move the peace process forward.
Peter F. Hamilton, The Temporal Void|It’s bad enough barging into Guild property, but we’ll get into really serious trouble if we shoot anyone. Lord Vetinari won’t stop at sarcasm. He might use’ - Colon swallowed - ‘irony.
Brian Fatah Steele, Unknown Book 7050528|norris didn't cry, but he was apt to puke on them, the way he had puked on homer gamache that time he had found homer sprawled in a ditch out by homeland cemetary, beaten to death with his own artificial arm.
R.D. Ronald|I'm the biggest critic of my own work, but sometimes you nail a chapter so good that you have to take a step back and admire that bitch.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|... one flaw throws the loveliness of [everything else] into focus. I remember reading that Shakers deliberately introduced a mistake into the things they made, to show that man shouldn't aspire to the perfection of God. Flawed can be more perfect than perfection.
Julia de Burgos|Recuerdo que algún día yo le hablé de mi río  y una como tormenta se agitó en sus estrañas. No sé si fue mi pecho que tembló de recuerdo  o si fueron mis ojos que asomaron nostalgias." "I remember a day when I spoke of my river  and something like a storm stirred in his being. Was it my breast that trembled with the memory  Was it nostalgia that showed through my eyes
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|Nothing is more curious and awkward than the relationship of two people who only know each other with their eyes — who meet and observe each other daily, even hourly and who keep up the impression of disinterest either because of morals or because of a mental abnormality. Between them there is listlessness and pent-up curiosity, the hysteria of an unsatisfied, unnaturally suppressed need for communion and also a kind of tense respect. Because man loves and honors man as long as he is not able to judge him, and desire is a product of lacking knowledge.
Pawel Pawlikowski|It's toughest to forgive ourselves. So it's probably best to start with other people. It's almost like peeling an onion. Layer by layer, forgiving others, you really do get to the point where you can forgive yourself.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|Then all was quiet, except for that murmurous half telling, half withholding of tremendous secrets that the sea would keep up all night. Each little wave seemed to say, “I’ll tell you-” and then pull back with a smothered “Oh!” to be followed by another wave saying, “Then I will say-” but whatever it was remained unsaid and unsayable.
Daniel Quinn, My Ishmael|We made it back to the airport without getting mugged, stoned, shot at, pounced on, bombed, shelled, garroted, gassed, pitched into, caught in a cross fire, sniped at, blockaded, napalmed, or trip-wired. No one even hit us with a water balloon.
Abhijit Naskar|Ten minutes of meditation a day, keeps the psychiatrist away.
Sean Combs|From an early age I didn't buy into the value systems of working hard in a nine-to-five job. I thought creativity, friendship and loyalty and pushing the boundaries of what was acceptable was much more interesting.
Shreeja Manandhar|If only people could understand me,And know how I want to live.Trust me, there would be a real smile on my face,Rather than slightly curvy lips.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Everybody, he mused had everything worked out. Except me
Derek Landy|When I meet people, I no longer say "Hi, I'm Derek Landy, pleased to meet you." Now I say "Hi, I'm number one bestselling author Derek Landy. Worship me.
Abhijit Naskar|Because of Mother Nature, Humans become Conscious Beings.
Malebo Sephodi|And It was said to me: "embrace the glorious mess you are". How easy it is to see darkness in the winter shedding and not see that even in its gloominess lies great beauty. That even in our great struggles - lies within a great victory. How then does the Spring green come about without the fertilisation of the Winter brown? Isn't it the very brown that gives way and life to the green we await to goggle in awe. There is power and sheer beauty in your mess. A true triumphing chaos that renders sweet melodic honey to your journey. So again it was whispered to me "embrace the glorious mess that you are
Paul Pavlo Shiller|Nietzsche, an infinitely harder and more courageous intellect, was incapable of any such confusion of ideas; he seldom allowed sentimentality to turn him from the glaring fact.
Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park|...a man is not in any difficulty in making a reply according to his faith ... to those who try to defame our Holy Scripture. ... when they produce from any of their books a theory contrary to Scripture ... either we shall have some ability to demonstrate that it is absolutely false, or at least we ourselves will hold it so without any shadow of a doubt. ...let us choose [the doctrine] which appears as certainly the meaning intended by the author. ... For it is one thing to fail to recognize the primary meaning of the writer, and another to depart from the norms of religious belief.
James Robertson, And the Land Lay Still|Only LEFT and RIGHT hand can hold each other and walk together...Only RIGHTs are enough to say bye.Nobody is perfect in the world, if you Love the perfection of his/her imperfections then LOVE exists.
Peprah Boasiako|Don't play the victim role, empower yourself instead. Place yourself and others around you in a position to win.
Phil Crosby|Hair color is the easiest way to change your appearance, but a bad dye job might draw more attention to you.
Ryan Lilly|You can't force creatives into a box. If you try, they'll no longer be creative. And no one will want your box.
Marvin Perry|I want to strangle my husband and slam the door as I leave. I want to leave a box of pasta on the counter with a note that says, “cook your own dinner and suck your own dick.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Every friend, every neighbor, and every family member wishes that you retain your golden heart. No one wants to see your love sullied. Yet, they all know a dark circumstance will find you eventually. Know this: You are being hunted--like game. Life will knock you down with some unexpected misfortune. Resolve now, to help your partner get back up. Only a determined family kills its wounded. When everyone else abandons him, come back for your husband.pg 55
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Eagles|I would wish that people would accept people for who they are, not be judgmental, allow people to live their lives and enjoy themselves and that would be my wish for people.
Srinivas Shenoy|Faithfulness in Christian marriage entails that: great mortification. For a Christian man there is no escape. Marriage may help to sanctify and direct to its proper object his sexual desires; its grace may help him in the struggle; but the struggle remains. It will not satisfy him–as hunger may be kept off by regular meals. It will offer as many difficulties to the purity proper to that state, as it provides easements. No man, however truly he loved his betrothed and bride as a young man, has lived faithful to her as a wife in mind and body without deliberate conscious exercise of the will, without self-denial.
Evel Knievel|In this world, full often, our joys are only the tender shadows which our sorrows cast.
William Paul Young, The Shack|Being an entrepreneur is like being a pirate. Go for the booty and discover new, uncharted lands
Mark Driscoll|Jesus did not spend the same amount of time with everyone. He chose twelve and spent a majority of his time with them. There were toxic people that he spent hardly any time with. For example, the Pharisees were against him from the outset of his ministry. He engaged them only when he needed to. Most of his time he poured himself into a small circle of disciples.
Ahmed Abdulrahman|Stones Come And Go, The Big Fish Eat The Little Fish And I Keep On Battling.
Gwenn Wright, Filter|They had pulled me from the hemorrhaging, dying body of my mother and turned me over to the care of the man who was not my father. He had taken me home to their tiny apartment above the old hardware store and done what little he knew to take care of me.	It took less than six weeks for him to realize his mistake. Maybe even less than six hours, but he never abandoned me. He clung to me as though I was the last remnant of some great and powerful love.	And that gave me hope that maybe my mother was really something else and not just some girl who got knocked up by a guy whose name she didn’t even know. She was something special, someone worthy of a man’s loyalty and devotion.--Rocky Evans
John Grogan|It just kills me when people buy a dog when there are dogs in shelters. I still get emotional when I think of Karl sitting in that shelter. I wasn't looking. I didn't even think I had time for a dog, and then I met this little one and he needed help. It's been so amazing to see him transform into a happy and confident companion.
Stephanie Meyer|And so the lion fell in love with the lamb." - Edward Cullen, Twilight
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|The Cyber Shield Act could serve as a secure conduit to facilitate update and patch delivery"James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones|I don't understand a thing about this world: about people, and why they do the things they do. The more I find out, the more I uncover, the more I know, the less I understand.
Marlene Dietrich|I love quotations because it is a joy to find thoughts one might have, beautifully expressed with much authority by someone recognized wiser than oneself.
-Daryavesh Rothmensch|In the natural equation (Natural Society) freedom, is but the only element of equality commonly shared by all species".
Mary Schumann, Strong Enchantments|When he told it, I remembered. He handed me my past like… like a spear. But I do not know if I should take it. Is it still mine, if I do not want it?
Oscar Wilde, Criticism and Reviews|I listen to all these complaints about rudeness and intemperateness, and the opinion that I come to is that there is no polite way of asking somebody: have you considered the possibility that your entire life has been devoted to a delusion? But that’s a good question to ask. Of course we should ask that question and of course it’s going to offend people. Tough.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|If you look close enough, you can see cracks in everything. And that's okay. Because when you really think about it, it's the cracks and gaps and chinks in things that let the light shine in.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Not|The only difference between falling in love and being in love is that your heart already knows how you feel, but your mind is too stubborn to admit it.
Muhammad Riaz|Who cares what the Bible means to me? We need to know what it means. That's where I have to allow God to redefine my thinking. He tells us in Romans 12:2 not to be conformed to this world but to be transformed by the renewal of our minds. What always gets me about this verse is he's telling believers we still need to be transformed. It means I have a saved spirit but I still think with a lost brain, and slowly but surely my mind has to be transformed. Such transformation comes but one way - by truth. By his Word.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes|When Rose takes to screaming, she starts loud, continues loud, and ends loud. Rose has a very good ear and always screams on the same note. I'd tested her before I burnt the library, and our piano along with it.Rose screams on the note B flat.We don't need a piano anymore now that we have a human tuning fork.
Abbi Glines, Breathe|Love" is a that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own...Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy
Michael Morton, Getting Life: An Innocent Man’s 25-Year Journey from Prison to Peace|In most respects a pretty standard student domicile, there was something very unnerving about the apartment, and I couldn't quite put my finger on it. Eventually I realized: the light in the bathroom never turns off.
Walter Scott, Rob Roy|He liked the loneliness of inner space, the sense of being forgotten by the world.
G.S. Jennsen, Dissonance|Marvin: Look, look, no, just think. They left me - an ordinary, menial robot - to stop you - a gigantic, heavy-duty battle machine - whilst they ran off to save themselves... What do you think they would leave me with? Frogstar Robot: Well, er, something pretty damn devastating I would expect. Marvin: Expect? Oh yes, expect. I'll tell you what they gave me to protect myself with, shall I? Frogstar Robot: Yes all right. Marvin: Nothing. Frogstar Robot: What? Marvin: Nothing at all. Not an electronic sausage. Frogstar Robot: Well, doesn't that just take the biscuit!
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Living in the Moment - Living in the Breath|Mindfulness is not the path of chasing. It is the path of beautification. When flowers blossom, the fragrance spreads, and the bees come.
Valente, Catherynne|Yet I had become very attached to George Roc. I liked him, not for the joy of playing with him, not for some talent that made him stand out from the rest, not even for his kindness: above all, I liked him because he was always sad and because the things he told me caused me a degree of pain.....George Roc was the first being that I'd met who saw and felt himself unhappy.
Geraint Goodwin, The Heyday in the Blood|Slang is a language that rolls up its sleeves, spits on its hands and goes to work.
Ken Follett, Fall of Giants|In the grounds of the château was a churchsaid to date from the year 1000, and he went to look at it, but he had never really understood what people saw in oldchurches.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I had the most beautiful dream, and then I fell asleep in your arms and my dream turned lovelier still.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|In life, a person will come and go from many homes. We may leave a house, a town, a room, but that does not mean those places leave us. Once entered, we never entirely depart the homes we make for ourselves in the world. They follow us, like shadows, until we come upon them again, waiting for us in the mist.
Pooja Ruprell|From today, may you cease to exist except as an expression of the divine intention of your Creator. May you tune in to the celestial melody of love, compassion and courage each and every moment of the day. May all the relationships in your life represent the perfect opportunities to fulfill your true calling.
Gucci Mane|Jazz isn't dead yet. It's the underpinning of everything in this country. Whether it's a Broadway show, or fusion, or right on through classical music, if it's coming out of the U.S., it's not going to survive unless it's got some jazz influence.
Rhonda Byrne, The Secret|Old Mother Hubbard Went to the cupboard To get her dear dog a bone.Though the cupboard was bare,When she focused elsewhereHer heart overflowed with fun!
Miranda Liasson, Heart and Sole|It’s not over, Maddie. It’s still not over between us. We need to talk.
Bernie Sanders|Well, I think that abstinence has its place as part of a comprehensive health and sex education curriculum. It would be wrong to exclude abstinence from a health curriculum, because there are some potentially very serious ramifications for early sexual activity.
Rebecca MacKinnon|It's hard knowing who to trust with your personal life. When you cry in your room at night, you don't always know who to call. So I am very close to my family.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|...Reason should take on anew the most difficult of all its tasks, namely, that of self-knowledge, and to institute a court of justice, by which reason may secure its rightful claims while dismissing all its groundless pretensions, and this not by mere decrees but according to its own eternal and unchangeable laws; and this court is none other than the critique of pure reason itself.
Gore Vidal|You can't really succeed with a novel anyway; they're too big. It's like city planning. You can't plan a perfect city because there's too much going on that you can't take into account. You can, however, write a perfect sentence now and then. I have.
J.D. Robb|Her killer wrote a note on that stationary.""A note." Now Renquist's eyebrows lifted. "Well. That was rather arrogant of him, wasn't it?
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|The tongue can conceal the truth, but the eyes never! You're asked an unexpected question, you don't even flinch, it takes just a second to get yourself under control, you know just what you have to say to hide the truth, and you speak very convincingly, and nothing in your face twitches to give you away. But the truth, alas, has been disturbed by the question, and it rises up from the depths of your soul to flicker in your eyes and all is lost.
Tara Michener, No Longer Besties: And Other Assorted Teenage Drama|I love you, Tess McGee. I don’t do big funny or heartfelt speeches in front of people at birthday parties, but I’m excellent in private alcoves in beer gardens.” He paused. “Okay, that sounded really bad, what I mean is …”I kissed him into silence. I pressed my forehead against his with a sigh. “I love you, too, Toby. In fact, that’s what I was going to tell you before we walked into the beer garden. Right before the really bad singing started.”Toby chuckled. He let out a sigh of relief. “Ready to reminisce?”I whispered my final word before he closed the distance.“Always.
Ian Tucker, Your Simple Path - Find Happiness in every step.|Follow your heart, not the crowd ...
Ray Bradbury, Now and Forever|Saul had gained his six-foot frame at sixteen, but his muscles didn’t arrive until his early twenties. Between those lost years, he was a gangly, uncoordinated klutz. He was told that he could improve his dancing by watching himself in the mirror. He tried. What he saw was so repulsive that he resolved never to inflict himself on a dance partner.	These days, Saul hid those memories behind weight lifting and jogging. His new athletic physique hid his aimless decade as an outsider, an odd and lonely kid--as he remembered it.
Siri Hustvedt, The Shaking Woman, or A History of My Nerves|Ture stories can't be told forward, only backward. We invent them from the vantage point of an ever-changing present and tell ourselves how they unfolded.
Nelson Mandela|When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an outlaw.
Balajinnatha Pandita, Specific Principles of Kashmir Saivism|When every fact, every present or past phenomenon of that universe, every phase of present or past life therein, has been examined, classified, and co-ordinated with the rest, then the mission of science will be completed. What is this but saying that the task of science can never end till man ceases to be, till history is no longer made, and development itself ceases?
G.K. Chesterton|My own general thesis was somewhat to this effect: that Artists have worried the world by being wantonly, needlessly, and gratuitously progressive. Politicians have to be progressive; that is, they have to live in the future, because they know they have done nothing but evil in the past. But Artists, who have been right from the beginning of the world, who were, perhaps, the only people who were right even in the beginning of the world, decorating pottery or designing rude frescoes on the rock when other people were fighting or offering human sacrifice, they have no right to despise their own past.
Sunday Adelaja|Visibility doesn't automatically translate into value, don't just be everywhere, be where you are most needed.
Heather Killough-Walden, The Goblin King|Do you, Damon Chroi, sovereign of the Goblin Kingdom, take this woman, Diana Piper, to be your queen and wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or for worse, in times of angry gods and rogue goblins, in true name-induced death and in health, because she resurrected you - you lucky bastard - to love and to cherish even when she's more powerful than you and kicking your ass at everything you do, from this day forward until she can no longer stand the smell of rain? - Roman D'Angelo
John Cusack|An excellent wine, someone's best attempt at cooking, and the candles and flowers on the table can turn the simplest dinner into an unforgettably romantic event.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Oh, hey, kettle, I’m pot and wow, you’re black.” - Owen
Charles Bukowski|If you have the ability to love, love yourself first.
James Buchan|A science is something which is constructed from truth on workable axioms. There are 55 axioms in scientology which are very demonstrably true, and on these can be constructed a great deal.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|Femininity itself has become a brand, a narrow and shrinking formula of commoditised identity which can be sold back to women who have become alienated from their own power as living, loving, labouring beings.
Tao Lin, Eeeee Eee Eeee|There was an enjoyment to being alive, he felt, that because of an underlying meaninglessness–like how a person alone for too long cannot feel comfortable when with others; cannot neglect that underlying the feeling of belongingness is the certainty, really, of loneliness, and nothingness, and so experiences life in that hurried, worthless way one experiences a mistake–he could no longer get at.
Shreya Sethi|I couldn’t peel my eyes off her face or her body. Even if she had asked me not to follow her, I would have followed anyway. I was in a Norah state of mind.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|In my freshman and sophomore years of college, I read dozens of books by the great thinkers of Western civilization. From Plato to Nietzsche, Homer to Shakespeare - you name it, I read it. At times it drove me crazy - picture reading hundreds of pages that sound like this every week: "All rational knowledge is either material and concerned with some object, or formal and concerned only with the form of understanding and of reason themselves and with the universal rules of thought in general without regard to differences of its objects." Come again, Kant?
Cristen Rodgers|I promise from now on to always make time for at least one more. One more chapter before I turn out the light and float off to sleep. One more kiss before I sink into this sea of words and search for meaning to bring back up with me. One more stretch and one more wiggle of my toes before I jump out of bed; and one more moment in meditation before I re-emerge. One more full, deep breath and one more look at the sunset. One more touch, one more smile, one more moment of stillness, of gratitude, of simplicity, of love. From now on, I’ll always make room for one more because you never know when one more is all you’ll ever have.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|Here was a boy who liked flaws, who saw them not as failings but as strengths. Who knew such a person could exist, or what would have happened if we'd found each other under different circumstances? Maybe in a perfect world. But not in this one.
Jordan Sonnenblick, Falling Over Sideways|When despair has hooked them and dragged them deep into the depths of their own personal Hells,” he said as he clenched his fist and turned to face his nephew again, “not many are strong enough to climb back out. You gave her something to believe in. You made her do something she never knew how to do.”“What?”“You got her to love herself. You got her to realize she deserved better, and that, is the best thing one can do for someone.
Ryszard Kapuscinski|The news in Europe, West and East, is still showing America in flames, flood, etc. Cities are shown underwater; befuddled American officials are shown trying to explain why we are winning the war on terrorism.
Tahar Ben Jelloun|Our way is straight and clear - the building up of a socialist democracy at home, with freedom and prosperity for all, and the maintenance of world peace and friendship with all nations abroad.
Marilynne Robinson|Now Pilon knew it for a perfect night. A high fog covered the sky, and behind it, the moon shone so so that the forest was filled with a gauze-like light. There was none of the sharp outline we think of as reality. The tree trunks were not black columns of wood, but soft and unsubstantial shadows. The patches of brush were formless and shifting in the queer light. Ghosts could walk freely to-night, without fear of the disbelif of men; for this night was haunted, and it would be an insensitive man who did not know it.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|The Silly Putty-like malleability of the institution [marriage], in fact, is the only reason we still have the thing at all. Very few people... would accept marriage on it's thirteenth-century terms. Marriage survives, in other words, precisely because it evolves. (Though I suppose this would not be a very persuasive argument to those who probably also don't believe in evolution).
|If you have to beg someone to love you, then you have absolutely no business with that person.
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|Least said,soonest mended," Toby quipped, quoting a saying Jess often used.
Chris Tinniswood, Nostradormouse|Thank-you, son,’ said his father. ‘I want you to know we’re bothproud of you. Take care, and keep in touch if you can.’‘Or even better, visit!’ said his mother, ‘our home isn’t completewithout you!
Deyth Banger|(The World isn't anymore how you see it), think on this thought little...The world is changed just from reading this, isn't it?
Jeffrey Fry|The difficulty does not lie in finding new ideas, but in escaping the long outdated belief in old ones.
Deyth Banger|Time never waits for your answers like do you want to continue or not. It continues so be clever, one moment you will wake up in 16, then 26, then 45, then 67 and your whole life it will went like two hours film!
Orhan Pamuk|The world in general doesn't know what to make of originality; it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger.
Alexandre Dumas, Twenty Years After|It is necessary ... to yield to the storm, purchase a peace, and wait patiently for better times.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|People come and go in this lifetime. Some merely pass us by. Some stay with us for a little while. Some leave as quickly as they come. However, when real friends come, they stay and never leave.
Napoléon Bonaparte|As for moral courage, it is very rare, he said, to find that kind found at 2 o'clock in the morning; that is to say, courage in the face of the unexpected.
Leland Lewis|The Truth is, we all get lost as we try to find our way. Perhaps the key is to stop, take a look around and enjoy the scenery as we go.
Seth Shostak|My diet has definitely become greener; however, I am a big proponent of everything in moderation. I enjoy having a farm-to-table dinner, as well as indulging in a special, decadent treat on occasion.
Md Zakir Hossen|I dont know "how to cry " But I know it well what can make me cry.There is no love below or above of me but when I will die then all the loves will comes with rain and wind which things never make me alive. In the morning we feel bettar but in the evening our brain quarrelling with our body.
Thomas Hardy|As for his look, it was a natural cheerfulness striving against depression without, and not quite succeeding. The look suggested issolation, but it revealed something more. As Usual with bright natures, the deity that lies ignominiously chained within a ephemeral human carcase shone out of him like a ray.
Bernie Sanders|If nothing else, there's comfort in recognising that no matter how much we fail and sin, death will limit our suffering.
Trevor J. Freeman|I’m perfectly alone right now, my mind is on overdrive, the gears are grinding in whirring dissonance – and it’s just how I like it.
Arthur Gordon|In my eyes, BDSM is not a sexual experience, it's a spiritual connection.
Anthony Liccione|Where envy is unavoidable it must be used as a stimulus to one’s own efforts, not to the thwarting of the efforts of rivals.
Morgan Carroll, Take Back Your Government: A Citizen's Guide to Making Your Government Work For You|Many, if not most, of the difficulties we experience in dealing with government agencies arise from the agencies being part of a fragmented and open political system…The central feature of the American constitutional system—the separation of powers—exacerbates many of these problems. The governments of the US were not designed to be efficient or powerful, but to be tolerable and malleable. Those who designed these arrangements always assumed that the federal government would exercise few and limited powers.
Victoria Osteen|I waited to feel incredibly embarrassed, but the feeling didn't come. It was more like a small victory, a secret to everyone else but me.
Angela Doll Carlson, Nearly Orthodox: On being a modern woman in an ancient tradition|Watch out for the chameleons! Mind your mind! Watch your words! Sometimes, some people will appear very friendly to have awesome conversations with you, and that is not as if they like you or your conversation; they only want to weigh your thoughts through your words! Be watchful!
Debasish Mridha|Everyone comes into your life to fulfill a purpose of their life. So help them with love, kindness, and care.
Ray Bradbury, The October Country|Though it had no wide reputation, all manner of people frequented 'The Midnight Bell.' This was in its nature, of course, since it is notorious that all manner of people frequent all manner of public-houses - which in this respect resemble railway stations and mad-houses.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|In order to be successful, Teenagers need to be practical as challenges they are faceing in modern life are numerous and complex.
Kimberly Pauley|A book is never, ever finished. You simply get to a point where you and your editor are reasonably happy with how it is and you go with that. Left to our own devices, a writer would endlessly fiddle with a book, changing little thing after little thing.
James Nesbitt|So I won an Oscar. It's amazing. I've got that for the rest of my life for a performance I am proud of. It nearly killed me. I am really proud of the film. That's it, moving on.
Marieta Maglas Near Kin|Life cannot impose on you that which you aren't willing to accept. Don't let your emotions/feelings push you towards accepting less than what you truly deserve. Believe in yourself, be confident and stay focused. The best lies before and within you...it's all matter of your choice. Choose wisely!
Josh Billings|I have a great family, I live an amazing life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Failure is not the end of life. It is the beginning of a greater success, if thy will persist.
Francisco Grant|True charity, I had had discovered, consists of swallowing an invisible flaming sword.
Scarlet Risque|Turn to your neighbor and tell him, 'Neighbor, God is good and everything He does is perfect.
Jeaniene Frost, Destined for an Early Grave|He f**ks even better than he looks”, I settled on saying. Several heads turned. I didn’t care; I was pissed. “And that beautiful face is going to be clamped between my legs as soon as we get home, don’t you worry.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|It's so different when you change your hair color, you're treated so differently. It's a very funny experience. It's fun - I love changing up my hair.
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|Balance is of the essence,' she said. 'That appies to all good, harmonious relationships. Balance in guilt, balance in shame and pangs of conscience.
Jack Gantos, Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key|...one can't avoid the storms and calamities of life, but one can at least find the right partner to face them with.
Victoria Hanley, The Seer and the Sword|Let me tell you about weakness! Killing the strong to prove your strength is foolish weakness. Killing fools is easy weakness. Killing the weak is evil weakness. Accomplishing your ends without killing, mastering your mind when you want to kill--that is strength!
Oliver Markus|Calling a book "Young Adult" is just a fancy way of saying the book is censored.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|I find that all my thoughts circle around God like the planets around the sun, and are as irresistibly attracted by Him. I would feel it to be the grossest sin if I were to oppose any resistance to this force.
Criss Jami|Do not tell someone you are hungry if, whenever they feed you, you do not eat.
Steven Magee|Never count calories, never go hungry, only exercise if you want to!
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|I was sorry for her; I was amazed, disgusted at her heartless vanity; I wondered why so much beauty should be given to those who made so bad a use of it, and denied to some who would make it a benefit to both themselves and others.But, God knows best, I concluded. There are, I suppose, some men as vain, as selfish, and as heartless as she is, and, perhaps, such women may be useful to punish them.
Sam Smith|I used to be good with kids, but as I get older, I'm grumpy and terrible with them. As for doing a gig at a 6-year old's birthday party, you couldn't pay me enough.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|Today abstraction is no longer that of the map, the double, the mirror, or the concept. Simulation is no longer that of a territory, a referential being, or a substance. It is the generation by models of a real without origin or reality: a hyperreal.
Debasish Mridha|Focus on joy, not on hurt or fear.The earth will dance, peace to share.
Herbern Lebumfacil|Smoking is a worldwide problem, almost in every nation and culture. The fight against these menace is so comprehensive that even the very same package of cigarettes now carry warning to its potential victims.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Success-minded people know that first and foremost, in all we do, we must think of others first. By thinking of others, how they feel and what they need, will not cost you a thing nor will it lessen what you have to say.
Cao Yu|I write because I am a writer, not because I want to get anything out of it.
Abhijit Naskar|A newcomer to a city should first look for a suitable room for resting at night. After securing the room and keeping the luggage there, he or she may go out for sightseeing. Otherwise it'll be a lot of suffering to find a place to rest in the darkness of the night. Similarly, upon securing the eternal resting place in Self, one can freely roam around doing his or her daily works.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Some people choose to lead, others to follow. Success is not primarily a matter of circumstances or native talent or even intelligence — it is a choice. Your beliefs, passion, values, enthusiasm, relationships, interpersonal skills and how they are blended, will move you further ahead towards success.
Lev Grossman|If I could just get Broom to cooperate, we could fly, Glo said. Then we wouldn't have to worry about traffic. Harry Potter didn't have to worry about traffic.You relize Harry Potter isn't real, right? Of course, but he could be. I mean, maybe not Harry Potter, but someone like him. Who's to say?
Tim Fargo|I tried to abandon my tenacity, but I just couldn't let it go.
Victoria Vilchez, No me quieres, no te quiero|Todo lo que puedo hacer es esperar, dejar pasar los días. El tiempo no lo cura todo, esa es una mentira que se repiten los que están desesperados por olvidar, pero sí consigue poner en espera los sentimientos y las emociones. Apartas los recuerdos y los recluyes en una zona de tu mente a la que, con suerte, solo accedes en esas noches en las que te cuesta conciliar el sueño. Al final, logras vivir y seguir adelante aunque sepas que hay una parte de ti que malvive como puede. Haces balance y llegas a la conclusión de que eres más o menos feliz, y procuras no mirar atrás.
Yixing Zhang, 而立·24|Anyone can act if he has the will to do so, and anyone who says he wants to but doesn't have the knack for it suffers from a lack of will, not a lack of talent.
David R. Hawkins|We change the world not by what we say or do, but as a consequence of what we have become.
Bobby Heenan|When we talk about having a life of significance and meaning, it's not about fame or money or resources. It's about people and lives and hearts. That's my biggest passion in life.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|Feris was taller than the average man and his looks were sinister in the form of long dark hair and deep-set eyes. He had an untouchable, magnetic quality that consumed any beholder whose gaze fell upon him as he spoke, and when he fell silent, his penetrating stare easily defied any predators.
Debasish Mridha|Consciousness is nothing but a neuro-chemical and a mechanical action of the body. Consciousness is important, but the expression of thoughts with language makes us human. Everything is conscious, but levels of consciousness are different.
Alison Weir, Eleanor of Aquitaine: A Life|Imagine for a just a moment, if you will, that the slaves who were brought to America weren’t dark-skinned. Instead, white people and black people were both the same neutral skin color. The only way that slave holders were able to tell the slaves apart from themselves was by marking them in some manner, like a brand or something. After Abolition, when former slaves had children they were no longer given marks to tell them apart from anyone else. Imagine now that illegal Mexicans who sneak into America in hopes of making a better life for their families are this same neutral skin color, just like “white” people and “black” people. There is no concrete way to tell them apart from anyone else except that they might sound different. But once they have children who sound just like everyone else there is no concrete way to tell them apart from the “natives.” As human beings, we naturally find ways to categorize ourselves. The very first thing that we do when we see a person is compare their appearance to our own. We use an internal ranking system. Maybe it’s time to consciously abandon our internal ranking system. The only way to achieve true equality is through colorblindness. Let’s try a little harder and see what happens.
Eliot Spitzer|No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|If you run, you better be faster than my gun. -Weasel to illegal aliens
Mary Rose O'Reilley, The Barn at the End of the World: The Apprenticeship of a Quaker, Buddhist Shepherd|Teaching English is (as professorial jobs go) unusually labor-intensive and draining. To do it well, you have to spend a lot of time coaching students individually on their writing and thinking. Strangely enough, I still had a lot of energy for this student-oriented part of the job. Rather, it was _books_ that no longer interested me, drama and fiction in particular. It was as though a priest, in midcareer, had come to doubt the reality of transubstantiation. I could still engage with poems and expository prose, but most fiction seemed the product of extremities I no longer wished to visit. So many years of Zen training had reiterated, 'Don't get lost in the drama of life,' and here I had to stand around in a classroom defending Oedipus.
Adam Carolla|Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.
Ahmed Elkadi|Don't be sad that one day or another you met someone who undermined your capabilities and sapped your energy, what that person did could be the strongest crucible that forged a great leader
Ben Marcus, Leaving the Sea|The difference between educated people and uneducated people is that educated people have been opened up to the notion that you can disagree without fighting; whereas uneducated people, in conversation, seek to always agree--everybody agrees and agrees and that's considered basic social libation.
Daisy Ridley|I make no secret of the fact that writing She-Hulk can serve as an opportunity for me to sneak in some really cool characters that I personally love. Some will be obvious fits, but others will come out of left field - but that's what's fun about the Marvel U - the bench is deep.
Paula Poundstone|I don't need a holiday or a feast to feel grateful for my children, the sun, the moon, the roof over my head, music, and laughter, but I like to take this time to take the path of thanks less traveled.
Toni Sorenson|You can’t do it for someone else. No matter how much they motivate or inspire you, you have to do it for yourself. Your health is YOUR responsibility.
Dean Cavanagh|With good morality first candidates you'll get bad candor, bad ethics, bad loyalty and bad morality - lastly bad odor will surface to save the day if you maintain good optimism like I do.
Matthew J. Bruccoli|Nine tenths of the ills from which intelligent people suffer spring from their intellect. They need at least a doctor who understands the disease. How can you expect Cottard to be able to treat you? He has made allowances for the difficulty of digesting sauces, for gastric trouble, but he has made no allowance for the effect of reading Shakespeare.
Martha N. Beck|They decided to allow their baby to be born. What they did not realize is that they themselves were the ones who would be 'born,' infants in a new world where magic is commonplace, Harvard professors are the slow learners, and retarded babies are the master teachers.
Claire M. Banschbach, The Rise of Aredor|We'll free as many as we can and build an army in the forest. It might take years, but I won't rest until every last Calorin is gone from these shores and my father is restored to the throne. - Corin
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|It seems to me that our three basic needs, for food and security and love, are so mixed and mingled and entwined that we cannot straightly think of one without the others. So it happens that when I write of hunger, I am really writing about love and the hunger for it, and warmth and the love of it and the hunger for it… and then the warmth and richness and fine reality of hunger satisfied… and it is all one.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Woman Destroyed|I have no talent; it's just a question of working, of being willing to put in the time.
Anna Zaires, Keep Me|Nothing and no one had ever belonged to him and only him—except Legion. Not that she would do anything necessary to save him, nor would he do anything necessary to save her. But. Yeah, there was always a but with him. He had been her first lover—and he wanted to be her last.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|People are not taught to be really virtuous, but to behave properly.
Józef Piłsudski|Who doesn’t respect and value his past, is not worth the honour of the present, and has no right to a future.
Siobhan Davis, Finding Kyler|He knows I’ve seen something in him. Something I recognize, only because it exists in me too.
Raheel Farooq|As we know, Rilke, under the influence of Auguste Rodin, whom he had assisted between 1905 and 1906 in Meudon as a private secretary, turned away from the art nouveau-like, sensitized-atmospheric poetic approach of his early years to pursue a view of art determined more strongly by the priority of the object. The proto-modern pathos of making way for the object without depicting it in a manner 'true to nature', like that of the old masters, led in Rilke's case to the concept of the thing-poem - and thus to a temporarily convincing new answer to the question of the source of aesthetic and ethical authority. From that point, it would be the things themselves from which all authority would come - or rather: from this respectively current singular thing that turns to me by demanding my full gaze. This is only possible because thing-being would now no longer mean anything but this: having something to say.
Jeaniene Frost, First Drop of Crimson|I was going to fight vampires, and my name wasn't Buffy--I was so screwed.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|I am forever walking upon these shores,Betwixt the sand and the foam,The high tide will erase my food prints,And the wind will blow away the foam,But the sea and the shore will remain forever.
Bert McCoy|Stop feeding the ego food, then it will stop asking for more.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald|Hope is the belief that everything will get better, even when you don't see any indication of improvement.
Unknown Author 1|i dreamt that i died. for an instant, all the voices in my head stood calm, and for a moment, my heart stopped panicking, and for once in my whole life, my cheeks dried from all the tears that were falling every night ... i thought to my self: how nice it is to be finally dead, i wish i did it sooner.my brother once told me that people who commit suicide are mostly doing it for attention. that's so wrong. i'm not asking for attention, nor sympathy. when i put that blade on my shaking skin alone in my room at 3 am, you should be sure that i'm not thinking of anyone and i'm not asking for anyone's attention. all i'm doing is pushing my self to stop the pain. you see, i don't want to die too, all i want is for the pain to stop and for me to smile like everyone else.yasuko amaya - the day i decided to be God -
Francis of Assisi|We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|When phobia starts to build up in the psyche of thinking humanity against a part of its own kind, there is nothing more primordial and gruesome than that, especially when we are talking about a species that is supposedly the most intelligent one on Earth. Phobias recorded in DSM do not make a person lesser human, but Islamophobia does indeed define whether a person is really a thinking and sentient sapiens or an ignorant caveman.
Marcia Clark|I'm glad that my parents missed one thing that was really unbelievable. They saw me hit this great success. It was a blast and we had a lot of laughs. And it was just an amazing time. They passed away. And then after I got, you know, famous, all these haters came out of nowhere.
Martin Luther King Jr.|The problem is not to find the answer, it's to face the answer
anthony grime|Physically it is impossible for a bee to fly, but because it believes it can then it can.
Charles Spurgeon|I do not believe that any man can preach the gospel who does not preach the Law. Lower the Law and you dim the light by which man perceives his guilt; this is a very serious loss to the sinner rather than a gain; for it lessens the likelihood of his conviction and conversion. I say you have deprived the gospel of its ablest auxiliary [its most powerful weapon] when you have set aside the Law. You have taken away from it the schoolmaster that is to bring men to Christ. they will never accept grace till they tremble before a just and holy Law. Therefore, the Law serves a most necessary purpose, and it must not be removed from its place. The Law cuts into the core of evil, it reveals the seat of the malady and informs us that the leprosy lies deep within. They must be slain by the Law before they can be made alive by the gospel.
Renee Ellmers|Every aspect of human technology has a dark side, including the bow and arrow.
Joseph Lancaster|I grew up in California, and when I read that Proposition 8 was on the ballot, I was disappointed because it seemed to be inconsistent with the spirit of the state, with the independence and diversity of the frontier that California has always been.
Naya Rivera|Butterflies can't see their wings. They can't see how truly beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that as well.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|If children matter, than whom more to stand in the gap than their parents; yet sadly, the parents (or a parent) can ironically become the chief enemy for which the children may hold in contempt…rather than care. Under the “abuse card”, the custodial parent has the aforementioned ability to operate as a double agent: on the one-side, the protector and caretaker; while on the other side, the divider and abuser. Similarly, the state can be integral to The System of dismantling the dad while appearing (and attesting) to be acting in the best interest of the children. Within the second of these two is the divorce industry that has benefited from the spoils of war without regard to the incomparable costs borne by our community and culture.
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility.
Rebecca McKinsey|Work like an angel, dress like a demon, live like a ghost, and dream like a human.
Hazel Blackthorn, His Brother's Keeper|If you wanted candles and romantic music, then you wouldn’t have chosen me.”“Maybe I didn’t choose,” she dared. “Maybe it just happened.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|On this world you have the animals and they have as much right to be on this world as us; and it’s man who is the reason they are pushed to extinction. They’re killing them for their tusks and their horns, and these fucking idiots, they think claws will give them sex appeal and they get all fucking sissy on you.
Mitt Romney|I think there are a whole host of things that are civil rights, and then there are other things - such as traditional marriage - that, I think, express a community's concern and regard for a particular institution.
Kate McGahan|True love doesn’t always last,” I say. “It doesn’t always have to be for a lifetime.” “Right. And that doesn’t mean it’s not true love,” Jesse says. It was real. And now it’s over. And that’s OK. “I am who I am because I loved you once,” he says. “I am who I am because I loved you once, too,” I say. And then we say good-bye.
Apollo Blake, Shadows of Ourselves|The problem with love is this: It dies. And when it does, you die with it.
|The only approval you need in life, is that of your positive inner-self.
Kamand Kojouri|Whenever you keep score in love, you lose.
Dr. Seuss|Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Dominic Riccitello|His whisper was the softest sound I ever knew, which seemed to bring the loudest heartbeat.
Alexander Pope, Moral Essays|Wise wretch! with pleasures too refined to please,With too much spirit to be e'er at ease,With too much quickness ever to be taught,With too much thinking to have common thought:You purchase pain with all that joy can give,And die of nothing but a rage to live.
Richard Goldschmidt|I have accumulated a wealth of knowledge in innumerable spheres and enjoyed it as an always ready instrument for exercising the mind and penetrating further and further. Best of all, mine has been a life of loving and being loved. What a tragedy that all this will disappear with the used-up body!
Paul Farmer|The Americans are very patriotic, and wish to make their new citizens patriotic Americans. But it is the idea of making a new nation literally out of any old nation that comes along. In a word, what is unique is not America but what is called Americanisation. We understand nothing till we understand the amazing ambition to Americanise the Kamskatkan and the Hairy Ainu. We are not trying to Anglicise thousand of French cooks or Italian organ-grinders. France is not trying to Gallicise thousands of English trippers or German prisoners of war. America is the only place in the world where this process, healthy or unhealthy, possible or impossible, is going on. And the process, as I have pointed out, is not internationalization. It would be truer to say it is the nationalization of the internationalized. It is making a home out of vagabonds and a nation out of exiles.
Criss Jami|If you think being straight means you're being discriminated against, you're probably misreading your privilege.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|LOOKINGThe world goes by, and what have I to do with it? I merely observe how the geese stretch their necks towards the orange rim of sky. I watch how light fades and children make their way home, hungry and tired. The bushes outside become ghosts while baths run and kitchen windows steam up with the cooking. This is the smell of our home, where I have a place in the wrinkled hours making beds and hugging boys awake. This is the sound of the house where I feel out lives into words, translate ragged nights and days into something whole, or try to. You may look if you wish..... The world goes by, and what have you or I to do with it, except perhaps for looking... ?
Jackson Pearce, As You Wish|A los mortales os hace falta compañía porque tenéis tristeza, deseos y un tiempo limitado de vida.
Kenneth Eade, An Involuntary Spy|The necessity of political struggle especially means confronting and contradicting those on the left who say that resistance is futile. Such people have no place in a movement for justice. For actionists who choose to work aboveground, this confrontation with detractors - and some of these detractors reject the idea of resistance of any kind - is one of the small, constant actions you can take. Defend the possibility of resistance, insist on a moral imperative of fighting for this planet, and argue for direct action against perpetrators. Despite what much of the left has now embraced, we are not all equally responsible. There are a few corporations that have turned the planet into a dead commodity for their private wealth, destroying human cultures along with it.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|So it ever must be in the conflicting scenes of life, in the long, weary march, each one walks alone. We may have many friends, love, kindness, sympathy and charity, to smooth our pathway in everyday life, but in the tragedies and triumphs of human experience, each mortal stands alone.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|I closed my eyes, tried to get as far away from myself as I could.
Charles Eastman|My father, who died a few years ago, was a good, simple, very honest man. His faith and affection for his family was just unassailable, without question.
Scott Adams, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life|You’ve seen for yourself that when a sad person enters a room, the mood in the room drops. And when you talk to a cheerful person who is full of energy, you automatically feel a boost. I’m suggesting that by becoming a person with good energy, you lift the people around you. That positive change will improve your social life, your love life, your family life, and your career. When I talk about increasing your personal energy, I don’t mean the frenetic, caffeine-fueled, bounce-off-the-walls type of energy. I’m talking about a calm, focused energy. To others it will simply appear that you are in a good mood. And you will be.
Jean Charest|History is full of examples of people who clamp down after they began to enjoy too much freedom. Freedom can lead to instability, anarchy, and confusion. So there can be a moral counter-revolution.
John Green|Harry Potter isn’t real? Oh no! Wait, wait, what do you mean by real? Is this video blog real? Am I real if you can see me and hear me, but only through the internet? Are you real if I can read your comment but I don’t know who you are or what your name is or where you’re from or what you look like or how old you are? I know all of those things about Harry Potter. Maybe Harry Potter’s real and you’re not.
Gautama Buddha, The Middle Length Discourses of the Buddha: A Translation of the Majjhima Nikaya|A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself.
Soren Kierkegaard|It comes with faith, for with complete faith there is no fear of what faces you in life or death.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|I think it true that, you know, sometimes things start to change even before a government changes and, actually, I think you can begin to see even the Labour machine beginning to understand that it has become over-reliant on targets and processes, that local governments have been over-bossed and bullied.
Jean-Paul Sartre|No matter how much you try to maintain order in your life, no matter how careful you are to guard against mistakes, against imperfections, there is always some smudge, some flaw, lurking out of sight. Waiting to surprise you.
Sadeqa Johnson, And Then There Was Me|She reached for the notebook she kept in her purse. Bea found the page and read to calm and steady herself. 1. See yourself as beautiful. Flowering and giving life to the earth. This baby can’t do it without you. You are important.2. Food is your fuel. You need it in your body. It’s your sustenance. 3. When you feel overwhelmed go for a walk, write down your feelings, or play your favorite songs.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer.
Avani pagar|He seems to be supporting her tenderly. But what holds them together is difficult to pin down.In her memoir, she wrote that he once dropped her on her hip very painfully, and she had the distinct impression he’d done it on purpose.What really goes on between two people is very difficult to say.
A.W. Tozer|But, said Lewis, myths are lies, even though lies breathed through silver.No, said Tolkien, they are not....just as speech is invention about objects and ideas, so myth is invention about truth.We have come from God (continued Tolkien), and inevitably the myths woven by us, though they contain error, will also reflect a splintered fragment of the true light, the eternal truth that is with God. Indeed only by myth-making, only by becoming a 'sub-creator' and inventing stories, can Man aspire to the state of perfection that he knew before the Fall. Our myths may be misguided, but they steer however shakily towards the true harbour, while materialistic 'progress' leads only to a yawning abyss and the Iron Crown of the power of evil.You mean, asked Lewis, that the story of Christ is simply a true myth, a myth that works on us in the same way as the others, but a myth that really happened? In that case, he said, I begin to understand.
Meredith Duran, Wicked Becomes You|Instead of hating, my heart cries mercy! Mercy on me! Mercy on me! Mercy on me! It calls out to love in an attempt to save myself. I don’t want to be one of those people who live their lives with boils, septic wounds and broken bones bleeding inside.
NOT A BOOK|Just when you may think the world has given up on you, take a look at your self, and remember the 1 person you can always turn to.
Sunday Adelaja|I wish I had been more interested or learned sooner, but I didn’t , and now I must face the consequences.
Paul Kalanithi|Do you smoke, Herr Cabal?""Only to be antisocial," replied Cabal, making no move.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|Um..." I mumbled, "We wait.""What? Wait? Do you expect them to just come up here to the beach to get some moonlight?" He sneered as he took another bite of the eagle.
Johann Christoph Blumhardt|Most of us love a non-self, or something extrinsic and apart from our inner life; but a mother's love during the time she is a flesh-and-blood ciborium is not for a non-self but for one that is her very self, a perfect example of charity and love which hardly perceives a separation. Motherhood then becomes a kind of priesthood. She brings God to man by preparing the flesh in which the soul will be implanted; she brings man to God in offering the child back again to the Creator.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|To the sea, to the sea! The white gulls are crying,The wind is blowing, and the white foam is flying.West, west away, the round sun is falling, Grey ship, grey ship, do you hear them calling, The voices of my people that have gone before me? I will leave, I will leave the woods that bore me;For our days are ending and our years failing.I will pass the wide waters lonely sailing.Long are the waves on the Last Shore falling,Sweet are the voices in the Lost Isle calling,In Eressea, in Elvenhome that no man can discover,Where the leaves fall not: land of my people forever!
William Blake|To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever.
K.R. Royal|Teach your little ones about the rules of decent behaviour. When they grow up, it will be too late to learn.
Himmilicious, The Knot : A Relationship beyond marriage.|After the successful but disastrous raid on Mount Weather, he’s facing the impossible. Katy is gone. Taken. Everything becomes about finding her. Taking out anyone who stands in his way? Done. Burning down the whole world to save her? Gladly. Exposing his alien race to the world? With pleasure.
Jacob Nordby|The best yardstick for our progress is not other people, but ourselves. Am I better than I was yesterday? This is the only question worth asking. As long as you go to bed at night a better practitioner than the one who woke up that morning, you have succeeded. Your worth should have nothing to do with how your progress stacks up relative to another.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|There is a further trouble; no matter how meticulous the scientist, he or she cannot be separated from the experiment itself. Impossible to detach the observer from the observed. A great deal of scientific truth has later turned out to be its observer's fiction. It is irrational to assume that this is no longer the case.
Beth Revis, Shades of Earth|So if this were a normal book about a girl with leukemia, I would probably talk a shitload about all the meaningful things Rachel had to say as she got sicker and sicker, and also probably we would fall in love and have some incredibly fulfilling romantic thing and she would die in my arms. But I don't feel like lying to you. She didn't have meaningful things to say, and we definitely didn't fall in love. She seemed less pissed with me after my stupid outburst, but she basically just went from irritable to quiet.
Mykle Hansen, HELP!  A Bear is Eating Me!|If I'd thought she was uninterested, I never would have worried so much - the prospect of screwing something up is much more daunting than that of screwing nothing up. I definitely thought there was something there, and so there was something to lose, you see.
Sharon K. Garner|Listen up, Nic," she said firmly, looking straight into his gray-blue eyes. "If you die on me out here, so help me I'll hold seances and pester you. I won't give you a moment's peace in the hereafter," she threatened in a fierce whisper. Gabrielle O'Hara, River of Dreams
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|Behind the door was where bad things happen. No matter how many blankets I used or extra pairs of panties I wore. None of it mattered. The monster always came. His face obscured in the shadows, partially hidden behind the cloak rack. Hot breath breathing over my face as soon as I closed my eyes.
Elizabeth Gilbert|If triangles had a god, they would give him three sides.
Mortimer J. Adler|In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Even seasonal situations can bring with them lessons that last a lifetime. If the love doesn’t last, it prepares you for the one that will.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Powerful|You're welcome to join us again sometime," Bella said....	"Right. Well, I don't know." Sam looked at the ground. scuffing one boot in the dirt. "I'm usually not very good company."	"I'm hanging out with a teenager and a temperamental cat." Bella said with a small smile. "The bar is set very low around here.
R.A. Salvatore, The Halfling's Gem|Why do you forget oh man, that life has no destination. That even if it does, it results in physical death?It is about the journey, not the destination. Enjoy every minute of this journey, for the totality of life is in the journey.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|...as long as nothing happens between them, the memory is cursed with what hasn't happened.
Stefan Zweig, The World of Yesterday|Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that person has truly experienced life.
Israelmore Ayivor|The difference between greater people and greatest people is the "est" which stands for "extra mile". Extra steps give Extraordinary results; Extraordinary people do Extra things.
René Descartes|Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power.
Frances Farmer|And not only that, I also have the MacBook Air which is really cool. Even my wife is jealous of my MacBook Air.
George Eliot|To have memories, happy or sorrowful, is a blessing, for it shows we have lived our lives without reservation.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|I was not so sure, but Jem told me I was being a girl, that girls always imagined things, that’s why other people hated them so, and if I started behaving like one I could just go off and find some to play with.
Joel Fuhrman|It's not a struggle to be on a diet. You feel lighter, and your spirit is lighter, too. But I love chocolate, and I allow myself to have chocolate. That doesn't go against a diet for me.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|When you teach them-teach them not to fear. Fear is good in small amounts, but when it is a constant, pounding companion, it cuts away at who you are and makes it hard to do what you know is right.
Susana Martinez|When God speaks, oftentimes His voice will call for an act of courage on our part.
Martha N. Beck|It’s so important for husbands and wives to be united when making parenting decisions. If either parent doesn’t feel good about something, then permission should not be granted. If either feels uncomfortable about a movie, a television show, a video game, a party, a dress, a swimsuit, or an Internet activity, have the courage to support each other and say no.
Steven Pressfield|The Bible says to 'fear not,' but this doesn't mean you should never feel scared. It means when you do feel fear, keep going forward and do what you are supposed to do. Or as I like to say, do it afraid.
Ashly Lorenzana|99% of all addicts are liars and thieves. This might sound unfair and even close-minded, but it's the truth. There are some exceptions to the rules, but they are incredibly rare. Most people are no match for their addictions. They will be driven to do things they would normally never have considered all in the name of getting high. Sad, but true. So if you're thinking of trying drugs, keep in mind that all the people you will be dealing with are likely to steal from you and lie to you at your own expense.
Kaiden Blake|Love every version of yourself, they help create your own unique version of extraordinary.
William Gibson|There are tumults of the mind, when, like the great convulsions of Nature, all seems anarchy and returning chaos; yet often, in those moments of vast disturbance, as in the strife of Nature itself, some new principle of order, or some new impulse of conduct, develops itself, and controls, and regulates, and brings to an harmonious consequence, passions and elements which seem only to threaten despair and subversion.
Ikkyu|Like vanishing dew,a passing apparitionor the sudden flashof lightning -- already gone --thus should one regard one's self.
Jaron Lanier|You don't have to be a chef or even a particularly good cook to experience proper kitchen alchemy: the moment when ingredients combine to form something more delectable than the sum of their parts. Fancy ingredients or recipes not required; simple, made-up things are usually even better.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|That if a thing is defined in contrast that's what life is, the shadow of death. So the mystery of death couldn't be the bad thing, because without it there wouldn't be life. The badness was life, just happening, as essential a part of the good as the good. And what was there to do but to take it as it comes and to hope, to hope constantly and carnally and with no time to lose.
Laura  Oliva, A World Apart|Are you here about the infestation?"MacMillian stiffened. "I don't... We aren't-"Lena cleared her throat. "I'm afraid bugs aren't really our specialty.""Not bugs." The woman shook her head vigorously. "Ghosts. Whole place is crawling with 'em.
James Dashner, The Kill Order|I love the sound of it," Trina whispers, as if speaking too loudly might interrupt the drumming patter of the rain outside. "It makes me want to sleep. Snuggle my head right up in your armpit and snore for three days.""My armpit?" Mark repeats. "Good thing we all showered up in the storm this morning. My pits smell like roses. Go ahead and get comfy.
Alessandra Torre, Sex Love Repeat|In Afghanistan a woman’s longing for love is taboo. It is forbidden by the tribes’ notion of honor and by the mullahs. Young people have no right to meet, to love, or to choose. Love has little to do with romance; on the contrary, love can be interpreted as committing a serious crime, punishable by death.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We glorify Christ when we live for God—trusting, loving, and obeying Him.
Genieve Dawkins|It is our time, our task and our destiny - from "Opoponax Dreams
Rich Mullins|I'm going to Hell in a basketWeaved in from my sins,Like wickerWith little Wiccan tiesAs if I'm a witchAccused.
Pearl Zhu, Talent Master: 199+ Questions to See Talent from Different Angles|Out of Box” is a metaphor that means to think differently, unconventionally, or from a new perspective.
Ellen Ochoa|To other Canadians who are on journeys to defeat cancer and to live their lives, I say this: please don't be discouraged that my own journey hasn't gone as well as I had hoped. You must not lose your own hope.
James Martin, Building a Bridge: How the Catholic Church and the LGBT Community Can Enter into a Relationship of Respect, Compassion, and Sensitivity|All Christians have access to the spiritual riches found in the Scriptures, which, after all, were written amid the spiritual turmoil and social conflicts of the writers’ times. We can learn from those who went before us.
Deyth Banger, Notes Of A Dead Man Sequel|What type of wrong thing, did I do?...What wrong did I said... and why I am so unlucky with the questionable "Relationships"?
Seth Grahame-Smith, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies|Elizabeth: "Your balls, Mr. Darcy?"Darcy: "They belong to you, Miss Bennett.
Robert Wilson|It's funny, I was talking to somebody who writes for a cop show, and he was saying how they aren't allowed to acknowledge Christmas, Thanksgiving, Valentine's Day, just because it has to be able to play forever.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2 (Read Chapter One)): Astounding Biblical Mysteries revealed in his own words like never before in human history.|The more desperate you are to reach heaven, the deeper you descend into hell.
Katie Crouch, Girls in Trucks|If I want a man I'll go to a cheap bar, like any other sane woman. I, for one, haven't hit rock bottom.
James Sallis, Eye of the Cricket|Life comes in stages. We all have different ages. We do what we do because of our ages. Knowingly or unknowingly, we act because of where we have reached in life.
William Wynn Westcott|There is no such thing as a miracle. That is, there is never an absolute reversal of any natural law. Every event, however unexpected by us, who are all more or less grossly ignorant of Nature and of Nature's laws, is the result of pre-existing causes, which develop results in ways and to extents strictly conformable to the energies set in motion. Supernormal events maybe, but nothing is supernatural.
Gustave Flaubert|When you reduce a woman to writing, she makes you think of a thousand other women
Samuel Beckett, Krapp's Last Tape & Embers|The new light above my table is a great improvement. With all this darkness around me I feel less alone. (Pause.) In a way. (Pause.) I love to get up and move about in it, then back here to... (hesitates) ...me. (Pause.)
Terry Pratchett|He was stupid, yes, in the particular way that very clever people can be stupid.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Much is known by reading, more is mastered by doing.
Israelmore Ayivor|It takes the trust of God for things that exist, to wait on him for the evidence of things that do not exist. Faith and hope make you to thank God for the invisible things by looking at the visible things which were once invisible too.
C. JoyBell C.|The thing about learning how to fight is that— some of us are not born with that desire. They say some are born fighters; but they don't usually point out that others just aren't. Some of us are forced by life to take up arms and fight. Many of us are. The art lies in knowing when to wield those arms and when to put them down. I don't think it's a matter of pretending to be ideally unharmed by life and untouched by darkness; because that is hypocrisy. Rather, I think it is a matter of being true to your truth and learning when to fight and learning when to be soft. Hopefully, our soft moments in life will largely outweigh, outrank, and outrun our fighting.
C. Terry Warner, Bonds That Make Us Free: Healing Our Relationships, Coming to Ourselves|Everything good in life is either immoral, illegal or fattening.
Dorothy Dunnett, Checkmate|He held her face in his hands, and stared into her eyes, and said that she was his for only a while anyway, and that it wasn’t his going to Cranwell that would split them up. “You’re destined for greater things, Susannah Hammond. I see it in you. You’re so clever, so bright. So beautiful. So special. I’m not any of those things. Except when I’m flying, maybe. Down here, I’m ordinary. I’m going to be just a memory for you. A sweet one, I hope. Happy. But just a part of your past. I might be good enough for now, but I’m not good enough forever. Not for you.
Edward Thomas|She was smiling as she imagined herself as one more star in the sea of millions, and her body decided it had had enough, and she felt the exact moment when her power source gave up and the hum of electricity extinguished.But she was already vast and bright and endless.
Dan Davin|Fear is the thing that shows a man who 'e really is. The 'ateful ones are pointin' fingers and layin' the blame because that's what they think it takes to survive. Those people 'ave always been there, but fear just shows the rest of us who they are, and because of that, they'll end up alone.
Will Self|I never grew up thinking the goal in life was to be a millionaire. All the way through college, I had a part-time job. I worked hard to get the things that you need at that age.
Milton Friedman|Ruin, therefore, is not caused by lavatories but it's something that starts in people's heads. So when these clowns start shouting "Stop the ruin!" - I laugh!' 'I swear to you, I find it laughable! Every one of them needs to hit himself on the back of the head and then when he has knocked all the hallucinations out of himself and gets on with sweeping out backyards - which is his real job - all this "ruin" will automatically disappear
Ali R.A|Pride, cowardice, and miserliness are bad for me but good for women
Alan Ray|My credo is etched on my mirror in my bathroom and I see it when I brush my teeth in the morning. It says  "Don't worry  Be Happy  Feel Good." When you see that first thing  and you reflect on it  the rest of the day seems to glide by pretty well.
Mallika Chopra, Living with Intent: My Somewhat Messy Journey to Purpose, Peace, and Joy|Always keep believing, hoping, seeking, working, helping, forgiving, understanding and loving and your life will be meaningful. But don’t forget to be always vigilant about eagles, crows and vultures around you. In a flash, they may pounce and pinch your peace, prosperity, joy and happiness, blur your vision with their filthy wings, vilify your fame with dirt and halt your progress.
Kyle MacLachlan|As wonderful as they were, my parents didn't teach me anything about self-discipline, concentration, patience, or focus. If I hadn't had a family myself, I probably never would've done anything. Marriage taught me responsibility.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|I can't--I can't think about anything or anyone else," he whispered. A hand drifted up, dragging back through his hair. "I can't think straight when you're around. I can't sleep. It feels like I can't breathe--I just--""Liam, please," I begged. "You're tired. You're barely over being sick. Let's just... Can we just go back to the others?""I love you." He turned toward me, that agonized expression still on his face. "I love you every second of everyday, and I don't understand why, or how to make it stop--" He looked wild with pain; it pinned me in place, even before what he had said registered in my mind."I know it's wrong; I know it down to my damn bones. And I feel like I'm sick. I'm trying to be a good person, but I can't. I can't do this anymore.
Bunny Naidu|Not to give up under any circumstances should be the motto of our life: we shall try again and again, and we are bound to succeed. There will be obstacles, but we have to defy them. So do not give up, do not give up! Continue, continue! The goal is ahead of you. If you do not give up, you are bound to reach your destined goal.
Neal A. Maxwell|Earth's crammed with heaven, And every common bush afire with God: But only he who sees takes off his shoes.
Charles M. Grist|Whatever the challenge, never quit, never give up, never surrender.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America Volume 1|Freedom is essentially a condition of inequality, not equality. It recognizes as a fact of nature the structural differences inherent in man — in temperament, character, and capacity — and it respects those differences. We are not alike and no law can make us so. Parenthetically, what a stale and uninteresting world this would be if perfect equality prevailed! When you seek the taproot of reform movements, you find an urgency to eradicate these innate differences and to make all men equal; in practice, this means the leveling-off of the more capable to the mediocrity of the average. That is not Freedom.
Ron Baratono|There's a calm in my mind in the morning. A peacefulness that feels nice. A two mile walk and prayer, then watering the garden is relaxing. I don't know if we all feel this way, but throughout the day our minds are filled with interaction, most of it unimportant to our natural well being. In the last few years I've tried to be a calmer person in my mind, and found it much easier with my love for Jesus Christ. Rolling with God's grace. Happy day my friends. Blessings.
Scott Hastie|I am sad, like the hot dust on the streetsAnd the music of fresh fallen leavesCaught in a sliding summer breeze.
M.C. Humphreys|If you ask me what remains to be known in the future, I’ll say, ‘Memorize all the world’s encyclopedias.’ Once you do that, forget all that fancy junk and rake the leaves – else I’m gonna take a stick to you, boy.
Amy Lane, Knitter in His Natural Habitat|Apologizing to me again, thought Miles miserably. For me. He keeps telling me I'm all right—and then apologizing. Inconsistent, Father.He shuffled back and forth across the room again, and his pain burst into speech. He flung his words against the deaf door, "I'll make you take back that apology! I am all right, damn it! I'll make you see it. I'll stuff you so full of pride in me there'll be no room left for your precious guilt! I swear by my word as Vorkosigan. I swear it, Father," his voice fell to a whisper, "Grandfather. Somehow, I don't know how . . .
Lactantius, The Works of Lactantius V1|We go to school so that when we grow up we can make lots of money, and we make lots of money so we can provide for our children, and we have children to provide for our retirement (because we don’t have any money left).
Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God|So those who wished for some central cosmic purpose for us, or at least our world, or at least our solar system, or at least our galaxy, have been disappointed, progressively disappointed. The universe is not responsive to our ambitious expectations.
Elspeth Huxley, The Flame Trees of Thika: Memories of an African Childhood|this was a moment of magic revealing to us all, for a few moments, a hidden world of grace and wonder beyond the one of which our eyes told us, a world that no words could delineate, as insubstanttial as a cloud, as iridescent as a dragon-fly and as innocent as the heart of a rose.
Sue Fitzmaurice|Being afraid of things going wrong, doesn't help them go right.
Amos Bronson Alcott|When two people first meet, they can only have a very ordinary kind of friendship. But when you begin to understand each other, when you get close to them, you discover that you're suddenly eager to know him or her even better.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|...you want things to remain the same, which they never can, and so you’re wounded by your own feelings & resentful others don’t seem to care...
Dee Dee M. Scott|May the life I live speak for me, not my religion or denomination title.
Christine Feehan, Dark Legacy|Know this, sivamet-this child will be mine. I will take Vadim's blood from you and exchange it for mine. Eventually, over time, she will be ours. My child and yours. My blood will change her cells. her organs, reshaping and repairing any damage. 'The healer-"- Dragomir to Emeline
Dianna Hardy, 'Til Death Do Us Part|At the sound of my name, those two worlds on either side of me collide, and my lips meet his. Time ceases to exist, and so, apparently does any logic that my mind is hanging on to. Logic would say that this is insane; every other fibre of my being says it's right.
Jean Rhys, Voyage in the Dark|I have a rule for working out if the root problem of something is, in fact, sexism. And it is this: asking 'Are the boys doing it? Are the boys having to worry about this stuff? Are the boys the centre of a gigantic global debate on this subject?
George Eliot, Middlemarch|A human being in this aged nation of ours is a very wonderful whole, the slow creation of long interchanging influences; and charm is a result of two such wholes, the one loving and the one loved.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Try to roll with the punches. Keep your chin up. Don’t take any wooden nickels. Vote Democrat in every election. Ride your bike in the park. Dream about my perfect, golden body. Take your vitamins. Drink eight glasses of water a day. Pull for the Mets. Watch a lot of movies. Don’t work too hard at your job. Take a trip to Paris with me. Come to the hospital when Rachel has her baby and hold my grandchild in your arms. Brush your teeth after every meal. Don’t cross the street on a red light. Defend the little guy. Stick up for yourself. Remember how beautiful you are. Remember how much I love you. Drink one Scotch on the rocks every day. Breathe deeply. Keep your eyes open. Stay away from fatty foods. Sleep the sleep of the just. Remember how much I love you.
Michael Bassey Johnson|It doesn't really matter if you are left behind the back, but what matters is your capacity to pull and push everyone by your way to get to the front.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Death is merely an illusion of the departed... Just because you cannot physically see the idea of God, doesn't mean that he or she isn't there. Just because you cannot physically see someone that isn't here, doesn't mean that they aren't there.
Yahoo Serious|Businesses in my constituency want help to address the skills mismatch at local level which leaves employers with staff shortages and young people without jobs. They want access to reliable sources of finance, including a network of local banks.
Emily Dickinson|The figure a poem makes. It begins in delight and ends in wisdom... in a clarification of life - not necessarily a great clarification, such as sects and cults are founded on, but in a momentary stay against confusion.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|For some reason, Beck's unexpected kindness was hard to bear - it made tears prick my eyes where Jack's threats hadn't.
Cindy Sheehan|I challenge anybody to say that I wouldn't know how to approach foreign policy because, unlike some of the other people, I at least have a foreign policy philosophy, which is an extension of the Reagan philosophy. Peace through strength, and my philosophy is peace through strength and clarity.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|I live, eat, spend, travel, support a family, entertain.....but I do not go to work. There is something wrong. My nest egg just keeps growing.
Lorrie Moore|Where does love go? When something you have taped on the wall falls off, what has happened to the stickum? It has relaxed. It has accumulated an assortment of hairs and fuzzies. It has said "Fuck it" and given up. It doesn't go anywhere special, it's just gone. Energy is created, and then it is destroyed. So much for the laws of physics. So much for chemistry. So much for not so much.
Kiera Van Gelder|It's not about blame or wallowing...you are all molded by so much more than a dysfunctional past, and you must ultimately take responsibility for creating the life you want.
Mac DeMarco|Once you figure out what respect tastes like, it tastes better than attention. But you have to get there.
Nuno Roque|I have a transgressive spirit, and Pop is transgression's best friend.
Pablo Andrés Wunderlich Padilla|Hakeem: A wise man once said that suffering produces perseverance, character; and character, hope.Andre: Since when did spouting masochism make one wise? And the sacraments of a bitter existence? Who deemed that a vaunted prize? Nihilistic philosophy only births more pain. It's fruitless to espouse folly, repackage it as wisdom, and spew it in a wise man's name.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|Even when I took the drugs I realized that this just wasn't fun anymore. The drugs had become a part of my routine. Something to wake me up. Something to help me sleep. Something to calm my nerves. There was a time when I was able to wake up, go to sleep, and have fun without a pill or a line to help me function. These days it felt like I might have a nervous breakdown if I didn't have them.
José Antonio Bowen, Teaching Naked: How Moving Technology Out of Your College Classroom Will Improve Student Learning|The very definition of what it means to be alone has changed. To be physically alone is still relatively easy, but many of us struggle daily to turn off e-mail, computers, or cell phones... Our students...find requests not to text during these activities strange, annoying, and downright silly.
Johnathan Jena|No price is too high to pay, to be the author of your fate.
Suzanne Wright, Feral Sins|And I’m stubborn, if you want absolute obedience, get a Labrador.
Ellen G. White, Patriarchs And Prophets|It was only by faith in Christ that they could secure pardon of sin and receive strength to obey God's law. They must cease to rely upon their own efforts for salvation, they must trust wholly in the merits of the promised Saviour, if they would be accepted of God.
Victoria Erickson|when you meet that person. a person. one of your soulmates. let the connection. relationship be what it is. it may be five mins. five hours. five days. five months. five years. a lifetime. let it manifest itself, the way it is meant to. it has an organic destiny. this way if it stays or if it leaves, you will be softer from having been loved this authentically. souls come into, return, open, and sweep through your life for a myriad of reasons, let them be who and what they are meant.
Michel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences|After Sade, violence, life and death, desire, and sexuality will extend, below the level of representation, an immense expanse of darkness, which we are now attempting to recover...in our discourse, in our freedom, in our thought.
Isaac Marion, Boarded Window|The ethics of eating people are blurry at best in the fog of my undead amnesia, but I expect more for such a high price. What I want are the moments I will never have. The warm ones. The living ones.
Fred Upton|Our work on light bulbs wasn't an arbitrary mandate. We didn't just pick a standard out of the air, or look for a catchy sounding standard like 25 by 2025 not based in science or feasibility. Instead, we worked with both industry and environmental groups to come up with a standard that made sense and was doable.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If it could come about that each of us were to describe his innermost secrets –secrets which one would hesitate to tell not only to people at large, but even to one’s closest friends, nay, to fear to admit even to one’s own self - the world would be filled with such a stench that each one of us would choke to death. That’s why, speaking in parenthesis, all our social conventions and niceties are so beneficial.
Hassan Choughari|It's a pleasure to create a smile on people's face, and a gratification to see it on the people you love.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more I dare to play the game of life, the more the possibility to win.
Lilly Pulitzer|I was brought up by my father to think that the best thing in life was to be charming, to have a nice smile, always to be liked.
CJ Werleman|New Atheism simplicity is the byproduct of collective groupthink, and the internalization of self-congratulatory jingoistic clichés and generalizations. They know because they know, and there's no reasoning with someone who knows."- The New Atheist Threat: The Dangerous Rise of Secular Extremists
David Attenborough|‎Using his burgeoning intelligence, this most successful of all mammals has exploited the environment to produce food for an ever increasing population. Instead of controlling the environment for the benefit of the population, perhaps it's time we controlled the population to allow the survival of the environment.
Ruben Hinojosa|I think women as well as men are concerned about jobs and the economy and spending and, and other issues. They're concerned that when their kids graduate from college they have an economy and they have a future in this country and they, they have the same opportunity that we've had and our grandparents have had.
John R.W. Stott|Speaking personally, I find it helpful to detect in the four evangelists four dimensions of the saving purpose of God: its length, depth, breadth and height. Matthew reveals its length, for he depicts the Christ of Scripture, who looks back over long-centuries of expectation. Mark emphasizes its depth, for he depicts the Suffering Servant who looks down to the depths of the humiliation he endured. In Luke it is the breadth of God's purpose which emerges, for he depicts the Savior of the world who looks round in mercy to the broadest possible spectrum of human beings. Then John reveals its height, for he depicts the Word made flesh who looks up to the heights from which he came and to which he intends to raise us.
Marguerite Duras, The Lover|I know it's not clothes that make women beautiful or otherwise, nor beauty care, nor expensive creams, nor the distinction of costliness of their finery. I know the problem lies elsewhere. I don't know where. I only know it isn't where women think.
Rachel Carrington, Burning Reflections|I’ve never needed a bodyguard, Evan.”His hands stilled on the glasses. “Maybe that isn’t such a bad idea now.”“It’s a terrible idea. I would never want anyone watching every move I make. It’s unnerving. There are fresh lemons in the bottom drawer.”Evan squatted and tugged open the vegetable crisper inside the refrigerator. “You know,” he waved a piece of the yellow fruit for emphasis, “you may want to think about it, though.”Morgan smacked the table so hard the salt and pepper shakers jumped.He grinned and stood. “Haven’t lost your temper, I see.”“My temper wasn’t burned.
Steven Cuoco|Infinite patience, infinite purity and infinite perseverance are the key elements of achieving your desired goal.
Lisa Kessler, Harvest Moon|He rested his head on top of mine and whispered, "I'm warning you now. I'm a horrible patient."	I smiled in spite of myself and pulled back. "Of course you are. That's why you're a doctor.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|She’d never spoken to anyone before of this business of being seen, loved for who she was; to have it voiced by this man she’d just met sent chills down her spine.
Diana Gabaldon|You're not playing the game," he said grimly. "English gossip isn't supposed to get back to the person it's about.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|I was limply poking about in the garbage saying probably, for at that age I must still have been capable of general ideas, This is life.
Damien Rice|In any society, fanatics who hate don't hate only me - they hate you, too. They hate everybody.
M.R. Field, Fractures|Know that I fought Trinity, with every part of me, I fought
Anonymous|"So you want to become my son-in-law." "Not exactly. I just want to marry your daughter."
Tanmaya Guru|I'm not running behind my puberty, I'm running behind my dreams.
Poppet, Sveta|Now now Ellindt, you know I love it when you beg.” Chuckling silently, every jolt from my hold causes her hands pulsating pain, and I bend to speak intimately into her ear again, “But I love it more when you scream.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|The kingdom of music is not the kingdom of this world; it will accept those whom breeding and intellect and culture have alike rejected. The commonplace person begins to play, and shoots into the empyrean without effort, whilst we look up, marvelling how he has escaped us, and thinking how we could worship him and love him, would he but translate his visions into human words, and his experiences into human actions. Perhaps he cannot; certainly he does not, or does so very seldom.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|Like they say, you never know a person till you’ve done time with them.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|For men and women alike, this journey is a the trajectory between birth and death, a human life lived. No one escapes the adventure. We only work with it differently.
Laura Vanderkam, I Know How She Does It: How Successful Women Make the Most of Their Time|Think of a typical full-time worker, who's in the office from nine to five daily, but takes thirty minutes for lunch, leaves an hour early on Friday, and comes in an hour late on Tuesday due to a dental appointment. That puts her at 35.5 hours for the week. One errand tacked on to the end of lunch one day or a longish midmorning break will pull her under that thirty-five-hour threshold that defines "full time.
Jimmy Carter|Earlier today, Arnold Schwarzenegger criticized the California school system, calling it disastrous. Arnold says California's schools are so bad that its graduates are willing to vote for me.
John Green|I was born into Bolívar's labyrinth, and so I must believe in the hope of Rabelais' Great Perhaps.
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|If love is like a possession, maybe my letter are like my exorcisms
Kristin Hannah, Angel Falls|Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; wherever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. The two are inseparable.
Alan Stern|Weightlessness was unbelievable. It's physical euphoria: Nothing about you has any weight. You don't realize that you are weighed down all the time by yourself, and your organs, and your head. Your arms weigh down your shoulders. In space simulation, you get to fly like Superman! You're hanging in the air! It's the coolest thing.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Are you real?” Stupid. Of course he’s real.“Yes, Julie. I’m not the mystical man from your dreams.
John Berryman, Delusions, Etc.|After riding like a moron all over the place, observes the face of an Indian when he crashes. He is stunned.
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|This isn’t a church social, Sweetheart. You aren’t going to be able to save me this time.
Shayne Colaco, Nightmare|I can see the cracks in society, in people, in this world and I'd rather die before slipping into one of them.
Steven Chopade|Because it was the endless wanting that would break you, I thought. The constant craving for a love that might never be fulfilled that would bring you low, bit by bit, until one day you'd no longer be able to recognize any part of yourself.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|There are 80,000 prostitutes in London alone and what are they, if not bloody sacrifices on the alter of monogamy
Carolyn Lee Adams, Ruthless|I don't know how the Wolfman knows all this, but he's not wrong. My warm cheeks turn scalding hot. "Your shame is a good sign. You may break sooner than I thought. The breaking is good. It purifies.
Carla H. Krueger|Putting a book together is interesting and exhilarating. It is sufficiently difficult and complex and it engages all your intelligence. It is life at its most free. Your freedom as a writer is not freedom of expression in the sense of wild blurting; you may not let it rip. It is life at its most free, if you are fortunate enough to be able to try it, because you select your materials, invent your task, and pace yourself.
Sarah Schulman, Conflict Is Not Abuse: Overstating Harm, Community Responsibility, and the Duty of Repair|Nothing disrupts dehumanization more quickly than inviting someone over, looking into their eyes, hearing their voice, and listening.
Frederick Law Olmsted|Power acquired by violence is only a usurpation, and lasts only as long as the force of him who commands prevails over that of those who obey.
Laura Roberts, Arrow's Adventure|Keep moving through valleys to find your sight,As the dark becomes the light,Keep moving up mountains to find your strength,As you climb the hardest length.
G.A. Henty|Our long wanderings have made a man out of him, too. They have not only strengthened his frame and hardened his constitution, but they have given stability to his character. He is thoughtful and prudent, and his advice will always be valuable, while of his courage I have no doubt.
Nebo D. Lukovich, Inner Peace, Outer Success: The Reintegration System: Spiritual Growth, Healing, Solving Problems and Achieving Goals with Cutting-Edge Mind Techniques|Any person or thing of significance to you unconsciously plays a role in mirroring your own internal universe, just as you do theirs.
Kevin Spacey|I loved teaching and I did a lot of work as a teacher's assistant in college, and my favorite experience was basically getting a laugh from a bunch of people because they had just understood something.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When we allow ourselves to be authentically free, it raises our vibration.
Campbell Scott|My parents have always had a great sense of humor. And I really appreciate good humor in songs, witty lyrics that sneak up on you and then you listen again, and say: 'That's so funny.' John Prine's songs have always had this really witty tone.
Joel Madden|Always wear cute pyjamas to bed, you'll never know who u will meet in your dreams.
P.M. MATHIS|When you said we were clandestine I didn’t realize you meant literally underground, you could have warned me.
Tom Goodman-Hill|In high school, a teacher's friend in the police department asked me to go into a bar and flash a fake ID saying I was 21 even though I wasn't. They were assuming the bar wasn't carding people. Anyway, she forgot to ask for it back. I used it all freshman year in college.
Christopher Guest|If you imagine yourself to be someone who is very uncomfortable in their own skin, then it does funny things to your voice.
Olive Ann Burns|We can ast for comfort and hope and patience and courage . . . and we’ll git what we ast for. They ain’t no gar’ntee thet we ain’t go’n have no troubles and ain’t go’n die. But shore as frogs croak and cows bellow, God’ll forgive us if’n we ast Him to.
David Hoffmeister|I am very excited about Quantum Forgiveness. The pioneers of quantum physics overturned and transcended Newtonian physics and the scientific method. Quantum physicists worked down to the smallest units and realized that everything they thought they knew about the world was not true. The world is about potentiality. In superposition, for example, things appear where we believe they will appear. And that is exciting because it is a science discovery that does not have to stay in the lab. It actually has everything to do with who we are. It is the gateway to our experience of being one with Source!
Steven Franssen, Make Self-Knowledge Great Again|This world isn’t a fair place, because we never know how much time we’ve really got.
C.J. Langenhoven|When someone says "I Love You," it is imperative that you know if you are loved for "WHAT you are" or "WHO you are." When the academic qualifications, professionals, positions, possessions, good look, fat bank accounts and all that has been acquired over the years are taken away, all that is left is "Who you are" - Your Personality (character, values, perceptions.)"We are never truly loved, until we are loved for WHO and not WHAT we are
Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies|Our market-intensive societies measure material progress by the increase in the volume and variety of commodities produced. And taking our cue from this sector, we measure social progress by the distribution of access to these commodities. Economics has been developed as propaganda for the takeover by large-scale commodity producers.
Shannon L. Alder|There is stability in walking an uncertain path, because you never allow yourself to be misled by what you think you know.
Edvard Munch|The movie that's had the most effect on me is Jaws. To this day when I'm in the ocean, I'm hearing that music.
A.G. Howard, Splintered|Are you busy?" I ask."I'm working on a paper. Recall? The phone conversation we had fifteen minutes ago?"I glance up at a clock in the hall, and then back at his smart-ass mouth."It was twenty minutes ago.""I need coffee," he says, and why is he being such an adorable dick, still smiling at me like that? "Want to walk up to Dunkin' Donuts?""What about Millie?" I say."What about her?""Does she want any?""Should we call her and ask?""Isn't she upstairs?""How hard did you hit your head last night?
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|If it’s danger you seek you can go to war, blow the whistle on someone powerful, piss off someone unhinged, walk in a field during a lightning storm, tease a rattlesnake, or lose yourself in the right embrace. Some people live for it, others suffer in spite of it.
Samuel Butler|My stay-married secret would probably be exercising good communication, not when you have to but all the time. I think if you do that, you kinda just cleanse the situations, so there's not build up. I think that's probably the best way to do it.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Little Italy|I guess that’s the way secrets are. They’re only heavy when you’re holding them. As soon as you let go, the significance of keeping those secrets hidden blows away and everything falls into place.
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|The Warrior's Diet Three Rules of Eating:Rule #1: Always start with subtle-tasting foods and move to the moreaggressive foods.Rule #2: Include as many tastes, textures, colors, and aromas as possible in your main meal.Rule #3: Stop eating when you feel much more thirsty than hungry.
Javier Marías, Los enamoramientos|If a tattoo is supposed to make a statement, that kid’s body is just plain babbling.
Susan T. Fiske, Facing Social Class: How Societal Rank Influences Interaction: How Societal Rank Influences Interaction|...as I was sifting through a heap of old and new "identity cards," I noticed that something was missing: my identity.
Diyar Harraz, After the Storm|A marriage is sensitive, fragile and crucial. Once you mess up with how you handle it, it will shatter
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Marriage is the most serious long-term contract a couple will make in their lifetime, but many enter into it with a lack of maturity and knowledge. The growing number of divorces shows how imperative it is that young people be adequately prepared for marriage.
Roland Barthes, The Pleasure of the Text|...what I enjoy in a narrative is not directly its content or even its structure, but rather the abrasions I impose upon the fine surface: I read on, I skip, I look up, I dip in again. Which has nothing to do with the deep laceration the text of bliss inflicts upon language itself, and not upon the simple temporality of its reading.
Racheal Renwick|What's the matter, fairy boy? Pissed because Chrys rather kiss me?" - Essence (Nymphs of Macedonia Trilogy #1)
Maya Angelou|I believe that the most important single thing, beyond discipline and creativity is daring to dare.
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|After forty years of working on prevention of a wide range of common and costly psychological and behavioral problems, I am convinced we have the knowledge to achieve a healthier, happier, and more prosperous society than has ever been seen in human history.
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|She didn't want to forget how deeply she had loved him, how important it had been to her; she felt as if to discard the memory would be a betrayal of her younger self.
Elizabeth Graver, The Honey Thief|how much he loved being alone except when he didn't, except when it got to be too much?
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Occasionally you can hear her howl, when the sky is black and the moon is full.
Corbin Bernsen|Yes, one can repent of moral transgression. The miracle of forgiveness is real, and true repentance is accepted of the Lord.
David Amerland, The Sniper Mind: Eliminate Fear, Deal with Uncertainty, and Make Better Decisions|We cannot learn something new and stick to it without a modular approach to application, positive reinforcement and a real change of environment.
Ronnie James Dio|With the brush we merely tint, while the imagination alone produces colour.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Things die. But they don't always stay dead. Believe me, I know.
Grace Hopper|A person is born with feelings of envy and hate. If he gives way to them, they will lead him to violence and crime, and any sense of loyalty and good faith will be abandoned.
David Ignatow|The most important thing is to hold on, hold out, for your creative life, for your solitude, for your time to be and do, for your very life.
Michael Holbrook, Sublimity's Treasure: A Tale of Peculiar Findings, Discovery, & Hope|In times of conflict, we’re all peers.
Stb Hernández|Living in a world: where to be born, is a mere by mention. To be living, a story. Then to die, our eternal; restart!
Margery Allingham, Dancers in Mourning|But there are roughly two sorts of informed people, aren't there? People who start off right by observing the pitfalls and mistakes and going round them, and the people who fall into them and get out and know they're there because of that. They both come to the same conclusions but they don't have quite the same point of view.
Diane M. Haynes|The ritual worked. That is the most ghastly thing. I hold no particular brief for the rationality of the world, but that this vile obscenity should actually have the power to bring back the dead seems to me not merely a sign that the world is not rational, but that it is in fact entirely insane, a murderous lunatic gibbering in the corner of a padded cell.
Heinrich Heine|We may see the small Value God has for Riches, by the People he gives the
Megan Chance, The Spiritualist|It seems all spirits need theatrics, eh? Even Christ himself requires incense and holy water. We're a skeptical people. We need convincing.
Debasish Mridha|The soul is soft, beautiful, delicate, fun-loving, and always blooming. To nurture the soul, it needs sunshine and unconditional self-love.
Josh Lieb, I am a Genius of Unspeakable Evil and I Want to Be Your Class President|According to the fortune-cookie logic most people live by, the best things in life are free. That's crap. I have a gold-plated robot that scratches the exact part of my back where my hands can't reach, and it certainly wasn't free.
Julie Kagawa, The Lost Prince|Quaint and picturesque, though I didn't voice my opinion out loud. Keirran and Annwyl were faeries, and Kenzie was a girl, so it was okay for them to notice such things. as a card-carrying guy club, I wasn't going to comment on the floral arrangements.
Lucas Scott|Happiness comes in many forms — in the company of good friends, in the feeling you get when you make someone else’s dream come true, or in the promise of hope renewed. It’s okay to let yourself be happy because you never know how fleeting that happiness might be.
Cody Edward Lee Miller|I curse the heavens for letting the stars fall, I curse myself for not being there to catch them.
John Major|If I wasn't dyslexic, I probably wouldn't have won the Games. If I had been a better reader, then that would have come easily, sports would have come easily... and I never would have realized that the way you get ahead in life is hard work.
Winston Graham, Warleggan|After more than a thousand years," he continued, "an enemy finally broke through. Not because of superior firepower. Not because the Manchus were better fighters or strategists. They weren't. The Manchus breached the Great Wall and took Beijing because someone opened a gate. From the inside. As simple as that. A general, a traitor, let them in and an empire fell.
Pat Conroy|Life is a learned skill, but instead of teaching it, our culture force-fills developing minds with long division and capital cities—until, at the end of the mandatory period of bondage that’s hyperbolically called school, we’re sent into the world knowing little about it. And so, left on our own to figure out the most important parts of life, we make mistakes for years until, by the time we’ve learned enough from our stumbling to be effective human beings, it’s time for us to die.
Mike Birbiglia|For me, personally, marriage is a man and a woman living together.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|The aspirant would do well to avoid those ‘spiritual teachers’ who delight in pointing out the evils of the world. These are immature egos attempting to discard their own negativities by projecting them onto others. The true yogi is one who is like a lion with himself, always striving to eradicate that which shadows his inner light, and like a lamb with others, always striving to see their inner light, no matter how dense may be the clouds that hide it. He is the king of the jungle of his world. He hides from no one and seeks escape from nothing. (88)
Stanley Gazemba (Bahati Books), Nairobi Echoes|The carcass was still warm - barely a few minutes dead, with the blood clotting on the ugly wound on its head where Pinchez had bashed it in with a brick.
Bill Cosby|You may lose your wife, you may lose your dog, your mother may hate you. None of those things matter. What matters is that you achieve success and become free. Then you can do whatever you like.
Caroline B. Cooney, Losing Christina Collection|No,” moaned Tom in despair. “School. School straight on ahead! Why, why do dime stores show things like that in windows before summer’s even over! Ruin half the vacation!
Hélène Cixous, Hyperdream|Almost every day I can feel myself suffering mainly in the head, I can explain the pain to myself but knowing it comes from an inflammation of my imagination doesn't prevent it being reality itself. What's more I'd be crazy not to go crazy. We don't know what an illness is. On awful hurts we plaster little old words, as if we could think hell with a paper bandage.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Devil May Cry|She didn't understand that. "How can anyone be afraid of love?""How can they not?" His face was completely aghast. "When you love someone... truly love them, friend or lover, you lay your heart open to them. You give them a part of yourself that you give to no one else, and you let them inside a part of you that only they can hurt—you literally hand them the razor with a map of where to cut deepest and most painfully on your heart and soul. And when they do strike, it's crippling—like having your heart carved out. It leaves you naked and exposed, wondering what you did to make them want to hurt you so badly when all you did was love them. What is so wrong with you that no one can keep faith with you? That no one can love you? To have it happen once is bad enough... but to have it repeated? Who in their right mind would not be terrified of that?
Helen M. Ryan, 21 Days to Change Your Body|I have rubbed, knocked and brushed up against a thousand windows, trying to get an image.
Shannon L. Alder|There is enough mystery in human nature to keep the world stuck in a perpetual state of righteous speculation. Only the wise and compassionate will rise above it, with enough vision to see that inconsistency is a normal occurrence, during the spiritual battle of forgiveness and justice.
Michael Caine|I praise CBS for taking a risk, which is always the price you pay for opportunity. This is not standard movie of the week storytelling. I think movies of the week have fallen into a niche and that isn't my niche.
Anne Michaels, Fugitive Pieces|Don't seek to be respected by everyone, rather seek to be worthy of being respected by everyone.
Tony Dungy|Life experience is not something to be denied, but to be celebrated.
Benazir Bhutto|To the wrongs that need resistance, To the right that needs assistance, To the future in the distance, Give yourselves.
Matt Dunn, The Ex-Boyfriend's Handbook|Because that’s what unfaithfulness is, isn’t it? A cancer that’s always there in the back of your mind, eating away at the foundations of the relationship. It’s happened once, it could happen again, so you’re always looking for telltale signs or symptoms to show that it’s reappeared...
Genereux Philip|Human emotion is not a linear experience. That which provokes emotion in one may provoke little, if anything, in another.
Syed Arshad|Silly Felix, hate and love are the flip sides of the same tarnished coin.
Charles Spurgeon|When I'm writing, I separate from everyone. Even my band. I push myself, and I'm alone with my thoughts. Separating from friends and comforts and family lets you think a lot deeper about subject matter. Working alone drives me a little crazy, but it makes the writing as honest as possible.
Lyn Gardner|It was who they were, and it was who they always would be. They would remain forever in lust and forever in love, for theirs was a love that transcended body and mind. Theirs was a love of the soul.--Mistletoe (2012) by Lyn Gardner
Al Burian, Burn Collector: Collected Stories from One Through Nine|Among the world's evils—fascism, ethnic cleansing, environmental degradation— smoking deserves the most severe curricular attention in my kid's school.
Natasha Tsakos|How will the performer-audience interaction change, now that we are so used to participating in the lives of strangers?
Mary Oliver|Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?
David Michie, Mindfulness Is Better Than Chocolate: A Practical Guide to Enhanced Focus and Lasting Happiness in a World of Distractions|Meditation provides the tools not only to abide more comfortably in the present, but also to observe rather than engage with unhappiness-creating thoughts.
Sophocles, Antigone|But if I am young, thou shouldest look to my merits, not to my years.
G.M. Jackson, Debunking Darwin's God: A Case Against BioLogos and Theistic Evolution|Stephen Hawking said that his quest is simply "trying to understand the mind of God".
Christina  Farley, Gilded|If you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all
Kyoko M., Of Cinder and Bone|Funny how Underhill could get along with almost anyone, tuning down his manias to whatever the traffic would bear.
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|I’m just an apprentice, stuck between these borrowed first and last breaths that I was given, drinking water of life, and chasing the fire of knowledge, and waiting to mingle with my eternal and faithful love, earth.
Hillary Jordan, When She Woke|Here she was, being rescued by a socialist, feminist, lesbian, baby-killing, foreign terrorist. What would the ladies in the sewing circle say to that?
Ernest J. Gaines, The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman|My father told me never to take my foot off a ladder to kick at someone who was kicking at me. When I did that, I would no longer be climbing. While they are kicking, my father told me, I should keep stepping. They can kick only one time. If I continued to climb, they would be left behind. In trying to hurt me, to impede my progress, they would get left behind because they allowed themselves to get sidetracked from their agenda.
Arthur Schnitzler, Vienna 1900: Games With Love And Death|Some men drink the blood of other men, all I drink is wine.
Zygmunt Bauman, Collateral Damage: Social Inequalities in a Global Age|Rebellion without reprisal is one of democracy's perks, right?
Tom Wolfe|I have beauty, intelligence, individuality, sensuality and sexuality.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Hello." The doctor speaks softly, nervously. Mr White doesn't respond, not even the slightest change of expression. Dr Archer has been thinking. Mulling it over in his head, endlessly, driving himself more insane he thinks than any unfortunate in his care, crazy with this longing. He is afraid of spiders, he watches the clouds, he held up two fingers; he is lucid. He came to me of his own free will; he shares these terrible feelings.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Artists use lies to tell the truth. Yes, I created a lie. But because you believed it, you found something true about yourself.
Lin Dan|The one thing you've gotta do is that you need to always do the best you can do, no matter what the given situation, no matter what comes up against you. You do the best you can do, and you never give up. Never quit.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|There are books full of great writing that don't have very good stories. Read sometimes for the story... don't be like the book-snobs who won't do that. Read sometimes for the words--the language. Don't be like the play-it-safers who won't do that. But when you find a book that has both a good story and good words, treasure that book.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|What I wasn’t expecting was the euphoria once my body began releasing endorphins. The mixture of pain and pleasure was ecstasy. Getting my tattoo introduced me to secret, dark pleasures. I would always be a marked prisoner, but I was a liberated soul.
Ava Gardner, Ava: My Story|God knows I've got so many frailties myself, I ought to be able to understand and forgive them in others. But I don't.
Subrahmanijan Chandrasekhar, Truth and Beauty: Aesthetics and Motivations in Science|The pursuit of science has often been compared to the scaling of mountains, high and not so high. But who amongst us can hope, even in imagination, to scale the Everest and reach its summit when the sky is blue and the air is still, and in the stillness of the air survey the entire Himalayan range in the dazzling white of the snow stretching to infinity? None of us can hope for a comparable vision of nature and of the universe around us. But there is nothing mean or lowly in standing in the valley below and awaiting the sun to rise over Kinchinjunga.
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|The secretary of education recently unveiled an initiative for curriculums to place more emphasis on history and language. Within the decade, proficiency in at least three languages will be required of all American schoolchildren by graduation. And along with its other recommendations, the CDC has issued a promulgation that every U.S. citizen “unplug” for at least two hours each day.location 6374
Kelley Armstrong, Deceptions|When you cannot do what you have always done, then you only do what matters most.
Patricia Hamill|Write in pictures. With your words, let the reader see not letters, but images. Be specific about every detail, but don't describe it--make it happen on the page, if you were writing fiction, or make it happen over again, if you were writing about history or some recent event.
Catherine Jinks - Pagan's Scribe|And please, stay away from those books you devour. They are putting the most fantastical tales into your head.
Douglas Adams, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Of course it was a terrible thing, and the world would be a much better place without someone in it who could do that, but did that mean we had to miss lunch?
Neal Shusterman, UnSouled|Always look up to the better. They tell you where to go but never look down upon inferior because you know, you were once there.
Carolyn Elliott, Awaken Your Genius: A Seven-Step Path to Freeing Your Creativity and Manifesting Your Dreams|Before you can tame your genius spirit, you have to find her.
Nabil N. Jamal|You don’t achieve success, you attract success.
Val Uchendu|Aiming to check a new test's difficulty, ask your assistants to solve the test prior to the actual exam. If the results are not satisfactory, reevaluate all ambiguous questions and correct them.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|Look out from within and observe the words, actions, reactions, and feelings that evolve from you. Release the identity with what you have observed if it creates tension and stress. Surely you will dissolve into effortless being that way.
Solomon Northup, Twelve Years a Slave|Freedom is the possibility of isolation. You are free if you can withdraw from people, not having to seek them out for the sake of money, company, love, glory or curiosity, none of which can thrive in silence and solitude. If you can't live alone, you were born a slave. You may have all the splendours of the mind and the soul, in which case you're a noble slave, or an intelligent servant, but you're not free. And you can't hold this up as your own tragedy, for your birth is a tragedy of Fate alone. Hapless you are, however, if life itself so oppresses you that you're forced to become a slave. Hapless you are if, having been born free, with the capacity to be isolated and self-sufficient, poverty should force you to live with others.
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|Modern formulaic society will try to make you "normal," rushing to call pseudoscientific anything you can do that they can’t.
Jennifer Ellison|My father loved people, children and pets.
Robert A. Caro, Means of Ascent|A good officer learned to take care of the feet of his men first, and from there their stomachs and hearts. By that means, he could motivate their souls.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|So it is said, for him who understands Heavenly joy, life is the working of Heaven; death is the transformation of things. In stillness, he and the yin share a single Virtue; in motion, he and the yang share a single flow.
Marie Lu, Legend|Forever and ever, kid, until you're sick and tired of seeing me.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Wife|Lord, I pray that my husband will be strong in the Lord and put on the whole armor of God, so he can stand against the enemy every day. Enable him to take up the shield of faith, helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God.
Patrick Lencioni, The Five Dysfunctions of a Team: A Leadership Fable|Trust is knowing that when a team member does push you, they're doing it because they care about the team.
Tara Sim, Timekeeper|They would be shocked if they could see the other women in London: automechanics with grease in their hair, fisherwomen in from te coast with tatooed arms.
Clarence Day Jr., This Simian World|The dog looked up in entreaty. Liquid brown eyes begged: Take me with you. I’ll be good. Oh, the lies that dogs told.
Bob Black, The Abolition of Work & Other Essays|The real enemy" is the totality of physical and mental constraints by which capital, or class society, or statism, or the society of the spectacle expropriates everyday life, the time of our lives. The real enemy is not an object apart from life. It is the organization of life by powers detached from it and turned against it. The apparatus, not its personnel, is the real enemy. But it is by and through the apparatchiks and everyone else participating in the system that domination and deception are made manifest. The totality is the organization of all against each and each against all. It includes all the policemen, all the social workers, all the office workers, all the nuns, all the op-ed columnists, all the drug kingpins from Medellin to Upjohn, all the syndicalists and all the situationists.
Aristotle|To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.
Molly Ringle, Relatively Honest|I had an absurd desire to go down to her and make sure she was all right, and stay with her until dawn. I also had a fierce wish to bludgeon the two frat boys to death with a shovel.
Gena Showalter, Animal Instincts|Leap out the window, my inner Tigress cried. You aren't ready to face such a powerful Tiger. I frowned. I thought a true Tigress never backed down from a fight. Don't you know anything? When she's in heat, she avoids everything male. Now run!
Lifeless Club|I wouldn't coax the plant if I were you.Such watchful nursing may do it harm.Let the soil rest from so much diggingAnd wait until it's dry before you water it.The leaf's inclined to find its own direction;Give it a chance to seek the sunlight for itself.Much growth is stunted by too careful prodding,Too eager tenderness.The things we love we have to learn to leave alone.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Its amazing to contemplate what human mind is capable of, incredible functionality, specialty of describing something beautifully without even experiencing called the work of imagination, carries us to a world we have never been before.
Delphine de Vigan|No prince, no success filled her dreams: only time spread out before her to spend as she chose, a time of contemplation which offered her refuge.
Shannon L. Alder|They say instant communication is not communication at all but merely a frantic, trivial, nerve-wracking bombardment of clichés, threats, fads, fashions, gibberish and advertising. However, who has not hung on a scripture, a quote, a statement, only to stumble upon the key phrase that brought all things to a turning point? The greatest sermons and speeches were pieced together by illuminating thoughts that powered men to surpass their own commonness. It is the sparkling magic of letters forming words, and those words colliding with passion, that makes statements into wisdom.
Felicia C. Sullivan, Follow Me into the Dark|Women are born to serve and breed, and when we fail at this, what else is there? What is it that we can do that men can't? We bring their screaming mouths into this world only to be told by those mouths, now grown, that we're lesser than. Only good for being on our knees, backs, or perched over stoves. We're told, You're smart for a woman, you're mouthy for a woman, you're brazen for a woman. They tell us we're dangerous and emotional, prone to hysterics like landmines, and I wonder, if this is true, why aren't they afraid?
Kenny Luck, Fight: Are You Willing to Pick a Fight with Evil?|Evil itself is a dictator, whether it’s dressed up like a pompous little man with a moustache, or a bunch of faceless terrorists, or a fundamentalist state. That’s what the devil is, you know. And it’s precious difficult to combat. Or rather, it’s not so much difficult, as demanding of great courage. Will, and wit.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet, Prince of Denmark|HAMLET I will receive it sir with all diligence of spirit. Put your bonnet to his right use, 'tis for the head.OSRIC I thank you lordship, it is very hot.HAMLET No believe me, 'tis very cold, the wind is northerly.OSRIC It is indifferent cold my lord, indeed.HAMLET But yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion.OSRIC Exceedingly my lord, it is very sultry, as 'twere - I cannot tell how. But my lord, his majesty bade me signify to you that a has laid a great wager on your head. Sir, this is the matter -HAMLET I beseech you remember.(Hamlet moves him to put on his hat)
Debasish Mridha|Life itself is the most precious gift to me, for that I am perpetually indebted.
Martin Luther|I began revolution with 82 men. If I had to do it again, I do it with 10 or 15 and absolute faith. It does not matter how small you are if you have faith and plan of action.
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|Many of the benefits of CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy) can be obtained without going into therapy. There are a number of self-help books, CDs and computer programs that have been used to treat depression and some of these have been tested in clinical trials with positive results. I can particularly recommend these two books. One is 'Control Your Depression', the lead author of which is Peter Lewinsohn, a Professor of Psychology at the University of Oregon. ... The other book that I can recommend with confidence is 'Feeling Good' by the psychiatrist David Burns. 'Control Your Depression' emphasizes behavioral techniques like increasing pleasant activities, improving social skills and learning to relax. 'Feeling Good' puts greater emphasis on changing the way people think about themselves. But both books include both cognitive and behavioral techniques.
Aida Jacobs, Dragon Guardian: Fire|We will carry your message. May your swords stay sharp," said Brom."And yours.
Robert  Black|Things, since you left, have not gone well with me: they have taken me from a place where there was gin to a place where there is no gin[.]
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|To actively improve the worldand change your life as well,speak all the good you know,and all the bad refuse to tell.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|Although mankind is made from mere dust of the ground, we are made in the image of God. As we emulate His image, we have value and purpose.
Ellen DeGeneres|I love Christmas, not just because of the presents but because of all the decorations and lights and the warmth of the season.
Ken Robinson|Wouldn't it be great to be gifted? In fact... It turns out that choices lead to habits. Habits become talents. Talents are labeled gifts. You're not born this way, you get this way.
Aidan Crowe|I also don't believe that whatever come after life depends on my correctly reciting a list of my transgressions-that sounds too much like an Erudite afterlife to me, all accuracy and no feeling.
Shimon Peres|Chancellor Angela Merkel and Wolfgang Schaeuble, her finance minister, are right to oppose fiscal and bank unions without political union.
L.P. Hartley, The Third Ghost Book|Magic is not something supernatural, but part of the field dynamics of nature.
Amy Mowafi, Fe-mail 2|I have always lusted after a sepia-toned library with floor-to-ceiling bookshelves and a sliding ladder. I fantasie about Tennessee Williams' types of evenings involving rum on the porch. I long for balmy slightly sleepless nights with nothing but the whoosh of a wooden ceiling fan to keep me company, and the joy of finding the cool spot on the bed. I would while away my days jotting down my thoughts in a battered leather-bound notebook, which would have been given to me by some former lover. My scribbling would form the basis of a best-selling novel, which they wold discuss in tiny independent bookshops on quaint little streets in forgotten corners of terribly romantic European cities. In other words, I fantasize about being credible, in that artistic, slightly bohemian way that only girls with very long legs can get away with.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|There is evil in all of us, and it is the mark of a man how he defies the evil within.
J.C. Hallman, B  Me: A True Story of Literary Arousal|Those who lead a literary life seem old when they're young and young when they're old, but they're never actually either. Like a good book, they are bound by neither category nor time.
Vanilla Ice|History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
Lemony Snicket, The Beatrice Letters|I never want to be away from you again, except at work, in the restroom or when one of us is at a movie the other does not want to see.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|God has made the Universe and all that is in it, can He ever fail to give us anything that we ask of Him today?
Malcolm Gladwell|The paradox of endurance sports is that an athlete can never work as hard as he wants, because if he pushes himself too far, his hematocrit will fall.
Amit Abraham|Do not worry about correcting your mistakes , time will bury them ; Worry about not repeating them.
Del Close|It's funny, the moment you dread the most, seeing yourself bald, is actually not such a bad moment at all.
Stephen King, Just After Sunset|I have seen many cases like N. during the five years I've been in practice. I sometimes picture these unfortunates as men and women being pecked to death by predatory birds. The birds are invisible - at least until a psychiatrist who is good, or lucky, or both, sprays them with his version of Luminol and shines the right light on them - but they are nevertheless very real. The wonder is that so many OCDs manage to live productive lives, just the same. They work, they eat (often not enough or too much, it's true), they go to movies, they make love to their girlfriends and boyfriends, their wives and husbands . . . and all the time those birds are there, clinging to them and pecking away little bits of flesh.
Jim Brault|If you can't forgive and forget, then pick one and do it ...
Jerry Scott|The thinner the excuse, the fatter the reason for it.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|The man now retrieved a linen cloth and stuffed it deep into Katherine’s mouth. “Death,” hewhispered to her, “should be a quiet thing.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|There's no future in stories...Stories are things of the past, things for museums.
Heloise, The Letters of Abelard and Heloise|He looked so silly that I could not stop laughing, even as my tears kept flowing. Is the root of laughter also sorrow? As I laughed, I was filled with both joy and sorrow.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|We have got into the habit of admiring colossal bandits, whose opulence is revered by the entire world, yet whose existence, once we stop to examine it, proves to be one long crime repeated ad infinitum, but those same bandits are heaped with glory, honors, and power, their crimes are hallowed by the law of the land, whereas, as far back in history as the eye can see—and history, as you know is my business—everything conspires to show that a venial theft, especially of inglorious foodstuffs, such as bread crusts, ham, or cheese, unfailingly subjects its perpetrator to irreparable opprobrium, the categoric condemnation of the community, major punishment, automatic dishonor, and inexpiable shame, and this for two reasons, first because the perpetrator of such an offense is usually poor, which in itself connotes basic unworthiness, and secondly because his act implies, as it were, a tacit reproach to the community. A poor man’s theft is seen as a malicious attempt at individual redress . . . Where would we be? Note accordingly that in all countries the penalties for petty theft are extremely severe, not only as a means of defending society, but also as a stern admonition to the unfortunate to know their place, stick to their caste, and behave themselves, joyfully resigned to go on dying of hunger and misery down through the centuries forever and ever …
Steven Berglas, Reclaiming the Fire: How Successful People Overcome Burnout|The questions that we must ask ourselves, and that our historians and our children will ask of us, are these: How will what we create compare with what we inherited? Will we add to our tradition or will we subtract from it? Will we enrich it or will we deplete it?
Luther Burbank|Ladies, part of loving your mate is accepting him exactly as he is!
Leo Tolstoy|I do not want to be labeled as an atheist; I do hate religions’ stupidity and insanity, but there is nothing else I can be called.
Christian Bale|Courage is on display every day, and only the courageous wring the most out of life.
Leo Buscaglia|Life is in Fate's hands now. You made your choice to stay... it's too late to change that, so stop agonizing over it.... You're making my scales itch.Saphira, from "Eragon
Kelly J. Cogswell, Eating Fire: My Life as a Lesbian Avenger|The key to successful change is sensitivity towards that which is indigenous and, in the long run, diversity will always be more resilient than monoculture despite the current unsustainable trends in the opposite direction.
Muhammad Ali|If you are a leader, you should never forget that everyone needs encouragement. And everyone who receives it - young or old, successful or less-than-successful, unknown or famous - is changed by it.
Kaushik Ram, Hidden World: The Inside Story of the Soul|As with all matters of ht heart, the odds may not be in our favour but it is the only risk worth taking.
Søren Kierkegaard|Consciousness may be seen as the haughty and restless second cousin of morphology. Memory is its mistress, perception its somewhat abused wife, logic its housekeeper, and language its poorly paid secretary
Alice Steinbach, Without Reservations: The Travels of an Independent Woman|And there, on that road, that very minute, he started to play - the most lonesome music that them priests ever in their lives heard. It brought water out o' their teeth, so it did.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|Do I have permission to take control of you first? Just your bodies, not your minds.""I've been waiting for you to admit you wanted my body.
Shannon Celebi, 1:32 P.M.|Instead, I opened my eyes to find the thing in front of my face, wafting dead horse breath across my chin and up my nose, its mouth like a gaping maw; its eyes, two giant wormholes, twisting and bending with some apparitional substance that could have been space and time if I’d known anything about physics.
Charbel Tadros|There is no real distinction between who can and cannot be a teacher. All that matters is that this person should have knowledge of the subject matter, empath and compassion with others, and, above all, a great sense of humor which is the true mark of wisdom.
Mary Oliver|Every time your heart is broken, a doorway cracks open to a world full of new beginnings, new opportunities.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life depends on you and your choices. The real value of your life largely depends on what you do with your life. You either move the world or the world moves you! You were born to either show the world why you were born or the world shows you why you were born, period!
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about its own things. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble. Matthew 6:34
Leonardo Sciascia, To Each His Own|Reality is always richer, more unpredictable than our deductions
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|An adventurous life does not necessarily mean climbing mountains, swimming with sharks, or jumping off cliffs. It means risking yourself by leaving a little piece of you behind in all those you meet along the way.
Scott Weiland|Social media has come a long way. With the good has come some bad, and you always have a lot of people hiding behind their computers and being very critical of what you do on and off the field, of what you tweet, of what you say, of everything you do.
Robyn Hugo McIntyre, Vampire's Dilemma|She killed to get the dream she wanted, then found out it didn't want her back.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|A tramp, therefore, is a celibate from the moment when he takes to the road. He is absolutely without hope of getting a wife, a mistress, or any kind of woman except — very rarely, when he can raise a few shillings — a prostitute.It is obvious what the results of this must be: homosexuality, for instance, and occasional rape cases. But deeper than these there is the degradation worked in a man who knows that he is not even considered fit for marriage. The sexual impulse, not to put it any higher, is a fundamental impulse, and starvation of it can be almost as demoralizing as physical hunger. The evil of poverty is not so much that it makes a man suffer as that it rots him physically and spiritually. And there can be no doubt that sexual starvation contributes to this rotting process. Cut off from the whole race of women, a tramp feels himself degraded to the rank of a cripple or a lunatic. No humiliation could do more damage to a man’s self-respect.
David Brier|Brands are either built on reruns or coming attractions. The future has no road map while the past does. Creating a brand that blazes new trails can sometimes be bumpy but will also allow you to be the first to discover something new, something meaningful and something that makes others ask, “Why didn’t we think of that?” Be very scared of “old tricks” and build a spirit of innovation. It’s the “old tricks” that have the highest risk, not doing something bold.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|When the mainstay of one's world is taken away, it's only natural to cling to all the rest, to try desperately to keep things as close to the way they were as one can." He shook his head sorrowfully. "But no one can ever go back to yesterday.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Replacement|It's like this," Nana says. "All your life you're yellow. Then one day you brush up against something blue, the barest touch, and voila, the rest of your life you're green.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|But don't you see, I say, I don't care. I don't care what you've done or how bad you are. Edward, we belong together. We both know it. Now I know your worst secrets and you know mine. Isn't that what you've always wanted? For us to be completely honest with each other?
B.M.W. Schrapnel, PhD|He was part of us and when he died, all the actions stopped dead and there was no one to do them just the way he did.
Kwame Alexander, Booked|I am afraid... But I keep on loving what's on the other side of this fight, and that will have to make me brave.
Thomas S. Monson|If he have faith, the believer cannot be restrained. He betrays himself. He breaks out. He confesses and teaches this gospel to the people at the risk of life itself.
George Lois|And it's absolutely true that male sexual behaviour and female responses to male demands change a lot when they start communicating - and the levels of the communication that I've seen on the ground in very, very poor areas are so high and I think why don't we have that here?
A.E. Via|Wouldn’t I be sick too, or people in the office,” Day argued.“Not really. If an adult does start to cough or get a sore throat, they most likely go to their doctor and get medicine or an antibiotic, and the symptoms go away. I will give you a couple of doses of antibiotics just in case, since you two are obviously,” his brother paused and looked at him, “close.”“Thanks, Jax,” Day said, ignoring his brother’s insinuation. “So he’s going to be fine?
Dr Brian Babington|Whatever form they take, families are our most time-honoured settings for giving and receiving love, understanding and nurturing. They can connect us with our past and be the ground for the future through our children. They are places where we stand the best chance of being understood for who we truly are, not what we possess or the power we wield. They can give us meaning in life and hope when the outside world fails us and when we fail.
Marcia DeSanctis|I tell Esther she should ease up on lard. There's no need to mix lard in with Scottie's rice, chicken, and beans. I tell her she hasn't read the blogs. I've read the blogs. I know what Scottie should eat.
Sunday Adelaja|If God fairness, impartiality, equity, are his essence, that should become dominant in any society
Behnam Rajabpoor|The inventor...looks upon the world and is not contented with things as they are. He wants to improve whatever he sees, he wants to benefit the world; he is haunted by an idea.
T.S. Pettibone, Hatred Day|In the year 2052, it's not love but hate that unites the world.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Ready? No one is ever ready, my boy. But some do what they plan to do and some never will. The difference between the two is that the first group understand that they need to start somewhere, so they do so. Straight away
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|Sometimes I lie in bed trying to decide which of my friends I truly care about, and I always come to the same conclusion: none of them.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I was the chain that bit into my ankle, and I was the ruthless guard that never slept.
Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time|Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively.
Yehuda Berg|I like to think my dad was easygoing and kind, and I think some of those things have been passed down. I am like him in a sense of being positive and hopeful. He was compassionate, and I've got a lot of that in me as well.
Frederick William Faber|There are souls in this world who have the gift of finding joy everywhere, and leaving it behind them when they go.
Jeanette Winterson|[Fiction and poetry] are medicines, they're doses, and they heal the rupture that reality makes on the imagination.
Richard Paul Evans|I don't get that, I mean, what's power? Let's say he suddenly becomes king of the world. What is he going to do with it that he can't do now? Is his food going to taste better? Is the weather going to be nicer? Will love feel better? I just don't understand that mentality.
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|When the time is right, you will find your space in universal design. That space is the reality of our consciousness; rest is layers upon layers of memories, desires, and insecurities of mind.
Nicole Krauss|But how can one regret what, to the mind, has never existed? Even loss is an inaccurate description, for what loss is without the awareness of losing?
Sarah Shahi|The BBC sports department when I was there was seriously to the right of Ghengis Khan, and if people think I am strange, they should have met some of the production staff I worked with. Margaret Thatcher and the Queen were the pin up girls for many of them.
Thomas Ligotti|No one at the factory can remember how long we’ve worked here, or how old we are, yet our pace and productivity continues to increase. It seems as if neither the company nor our temporary supervisor will ever be done with us. Yet we are only human beings, or at least physical beings, and one day we must die. This is the only retirement we can expect, even though none of us is looking forward to that time. For we can’t keep from wondering what might come afterward - what the company could have planned for us, and the part our temporary supervisor might play in that plan. Working at a furious pace, fitting together those small pieces of metal, helps keep our minds off such things.
Russell D. Moore, Onward: Engaging the Culture without Losing the Gospel|The whitest robes, unless their purity be preserved by divine grace, will be defiled by the blackest spots.
Matt Taibbi|America didn’t bypass or escape civilization. It did something far more profound, far cleverer: it simply changed what civilization could be.
Julia Ward Howe|Our sons shall not be taken from us to unlearn  all that we have been able to teach them of charity, mercy and patience.
Ruiyan Xu, The Lost and Forgotten Languages of Shanghai|Two months in Shanghai, and what does she have to show for herself? She had been full of plans on the plane ride over, had studied her phrase book as if cramming for an exam, had been determined to refine her computational model with a new set of data, expecting insights and breakthroughs, plotting notes for a new article. Only the time has trickled away so quickly. She has meandered through the days chatting with James instead of gathering data. At night, she has gone out to dinners and bars. [James'] Chinese has not improved; her computational model has barely been touched. She does not know what she has been doing with herself, and now an airplane six days away is waiting for her.
Martha Finley, Elsie's Girlhood|I think she is beautiful, but in a way that is not friendly, like in a way that just makes me want her to be mine.
Sunday Adelaja|Her heart filled with boundless love that surged anew for her father. She felt like rushing to him and planting a quick kiss on his cheek the way she used to when she was a small girl. However, these villagers are not in the habit of kissing their offspring after they grow up. They show their love and affection by stroking their heads, addressing them in endearing words and blessing them.
Lawrence Ferlinghetti|I suffered evils, but without allowing them to rob me of the freedom to expand.
Charles Emmerson, 1913: In Search of the World Before the Great War|Who you are; that is, who you choose to be — your identity, works in your life like an invisible hand.
Louise Penny, Still Life|I've been treating you with courtesy and respect because that's the way I choose to treat everyone. But never, ever mistake kindness with weakness.
Vladimir Putin|You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership. Because you learn how not to do it. And, therefore, you learn how to do it.
Curtis Sittenfeld, Prep|I felt sick. I couldn't breathe. The idea of it totally freaked me out and I was paralyzed with anxiety. This overwhelming fear just kicked in out of nowhere, bringing with it a shitstorm of self-doubt
George Packer|If you command wisely, you'll be obeyed cheerfully.
John Green|What?" I asked."Nothing," he said."Why are you looking at me like that?"Augustus half smiled. "Because you're beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence.
Edmund Burke|God loves you unconditionally, as you are and not as you should be, because nobody is as they should be.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|A women can run, hide, play and have fun but she will shine far better when she just smiles without none.
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Player|Shane was just leaving, too.”“What?” he c
Ben Mikaelsen|Writing is storytelling and all of us are authors, not just of words but of reality. You are the author of your life, so go out and live! Then never quit writing about it!
Jami Gertz|I think people are sexy when they have a sense of humor, when they are smart, when they have some sense of style, when they are kind, when they express their own opinions, when they are creative, when they have character.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|The photos I took in Afghanistan are lying in front of me. I peer into the faces of those who were with me there and who are so far away from me now, into the faces of those who were dying right next to me and those who were hiding behind my back. I can make these photos larger or smaller, darker or lighter. But what I can't do is bring back those who are gone forever.
Jury Nel|To value learning as a gift, you have to accept pain as a teacher.
Poppy Delevingne|On my actual 16th birthday, on the actual day, I went home and I had chicken korma and Peshwari naan bread and pilau rice, and that was fantastic.
Gotye|You can have music and it will stand alone by itself, but you can't have a movie without it.
Hongzhi Zhengjue|What is Zen? Zen means doing anything perfectly, making mistakes perfectly, being defeated perfectly, hesitating perfectly, doing anything perfectly or imperfectly, perfectly. What is the meaning of this perfectly? How does it differ from perfectly? Perfectly is in the will; perfectly is in the activity. Perfectly means that at each moment of the activity there is no egoism in it… our pain is not only our own pain; it is the pain of the universe. The joy of the universe is also our joy. Our failure and misjudgment is that of nature, which never hopes or despairs, but keeps on trying. R. H. Blyth
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the road to your dreams is full of potholes, take the highway.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh|Few businessmen are capable of being in politics, they don't understand the democratic process, they have neither the tolerance or the depth it takes. Democracy isn't a business.
Alfred Tennyson, In Memoriam|That loss is common would not makeMy own less bitter, rather more:Too common! Never morning woreTo evening, but some heart did break.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|I believe, completely, that life is about connection; that nothing else truly matters.
Ralph Leighton, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|Thinking was torment; why not give up thinking, and drift and dream? But the misery of the world, she thought, forces me to think. Or was that a pose? Was she not seeing herself in the becoming attitude of one who points to his bleeding heart? to whom the miseries of the world are misery, when in fact, she thought, I do not love my kind. Again she saw the ruby-splashed pavement, and faces mobbed at the door of a picture palace; apathetic, passive faces; the faces of people drugged by cheap pleasures; who had not even the courage to be themselves, but must dress up, imitate, pretend.
Victoria Kahler, Luisa Across the Bay|Although we are necessarily concerned, in a chronicle of events, with physical action by the light of day, history suggests that the human spirit wanders farthest in the silent hours between midnight and dawn. Those dark fruitful hours, seldom recorded, whose secret flowerings breed peace and war, loves and hates, the crowning or uncrowning of heads.
David Chiles, The Principles Of Netiquette|We're high on the adrenaline of feeling, even though we know it's fleeting and evanescence. And we're getting worse -- checking texts and emails and Facebook every five minutes, always searching for that next hit of feeling, that next morsel of approval.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|I'm nothing, not a single thing. The only particle I had, the only tiny thing raising me up, is that I was Ed Slaterton's girlfriend, loved by you for like ten secs, and who cares, so what, and not anymore so how embarrassing for me.
Codi Gary, I Want Crazy|In fact, I’ve been thinking; lips like that have got to be soft as a rose petal. You wouldn’t mind if I tested them out, would ya, sweetheart?
Fish|When you enter the woods of a fairy tale and it is night, the trees tower on either side of the path. They loom large because everything in the world of fairy tales is blown out of proportion. If the owl shouts, the otherwise deathly silence magnifies its call. The tasks you are given to do (by the witch, by the stepmother, by the wise old woman) are insurmountable - pull a single hair from the crescent moon bear's throat; separate a bowl's worth of poppy seeds from a pile of dirt. The forest seems endless. But when you do reach the daylight, triumphantly carrying the particular hair or having outwitted the wolf; when the owl is once again a shy bird and the trees only a lush canopy filtering the sun, the world is forever changed for your having seen it otherwise. From now on, when you come upon darkness, you'll know it has dimension. You'll know how closely poppy seeds and dirt resemble each other. The forest will be just another story that has absorbed you, taken you through its paces, and cast you out again to your home with its rattling windows and empty refrigerator - to your meager livelihood, which demands, inevitably, that you write about it.
Will Davis Jr., 10 Things Jesus Never Said: And Why You Should Stop Believing Them|For we are not saved by believing in our own salvation, nor by believing anything whatsoever about ourselves. We are saved by what we believe about the Son of God and His righteousness. The gospel believed saves; not the believing in our own faith.
Ryū Murakami, Audition|It was the face of a human being who’d been constructed exclusively of wounds. Not time or history or ambition, nothing but wounds. The face of a person who could probably kill someone without feeling anything whatsoever.
Natasha Tsakos|We are reaching levels of high experiential comfort and our standards will keep rising. We want to feel, we want to experience, we want to connect, we want intelligence, and we want to play; Ladies and Gentlemen: A new theatre is on its way.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|Whatever happens in the world - whatever is discovered or created or bitterly fought over - eventually ends up, in one way or another, in your house. Wars, famine, the Industrial Revolution, the Enlightenment - they are all there in your sofas and chests of drawers, tucked into the folds of your curtains, in the downy softness of your pillows, in the paint on your walls and the water in your pipes. So the history of household life isn't just a history of beds and sofas and kitchen stoves ... but of scurvy and guano and the Eiffel Tower and bedbugs and body-snatching and just about everything else that has ever happened. Houses aren't refuges from history. They are where history ends up.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Manliness consists not in bluff, bravado or loneliness. It consists in daring to do the right thing and facing consequences whether it is in matters social, political or other. It consists in deeds not words.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|A great chessplayer is not a great man, for he leaves the world as he found it.
Vatsal Surti, 20|And in that vastness, it felt like every memory existed only to disappear one day.
Anna Godbersen, Envy|What a privilege it is to live now, at just this moment, and to be able to go anywhere....
Norman Davies, Europe|Reconstructing the past is rather like translating poetry. It can be done, but never exactly.
Jessica Sorensen, The Redemption of Callie & Kayden|But no matter what happens, I spoke up, made a voice for myself, freed from the haunting memories that have owned me for the last six years. I found my courage.
Lily Myers, This Impossible Light|Home's what's left over when you've figured out all the places you don't want to be. Sounds stupid, doesn't it? But that's what we do. We say not there and not there and not there, until there's only one place left.
Darren Shan, Zom-B Underground|A demigod?” I repeated like I’d just learned to speak a few seconds ago. “A real, live demigod?”“Opposed to a fake, dead one?” He chuckled, proud of himself, and then sighed when my eyes narrowed on him. “You used to have a sense of humor, Seth.
RVM|Learn to accept and bend like the willow. For if you resist, you will break like the oak.
James McNeill Whistler|Well, I don't like your clothes. You look perfectly ridiculous in them. Why on earth don't you go up and change? It's perfectly childish to be in mourning for a man who is actually staying a whole week with you in your house as a guest. I call it grotesque.
Chelsea Manning|Transgender folks have been part of the push for LGBT equality from the beginning, and we've spoken with loud and intelligent voices and have found political and personal success and advancement all over the world.
Evan Thompson, Mind in Life: Biology, Phenomenology, and the Sciences of Mind|The organism's environment is the sense it makes of the world. This environment is a place of significance and valence, as a result of the global action of the organism.
Howard Bloom, The God Problem: How a Godless Cosmos Creates|Your mind is like Heraclitus' river. Your mind, in fact, is like nineteenth-century father of psychology William James' "stream of consciousness," a bubbling, babbling brook. Your mind constantly produces different currents of associations, different swirls of thought, and different moods.
Elana K. Arnold, What Girls Are Made Of|What if she doesn't worry about her body and eats enough for all the growing she has to do? She might rip her stockings and slam-dance on a forged ID to the Pogues, and walk home barefoot, holding her shoes, alone at dawn; she might baby-sit in a battered-women's shelter one night a month; she might skateboard down Lombard Street with its seven hairpin turns, or fall in love with her best friend and do something about it, or lose herself for hours gazing into test tubes with her hair a mess, or climb a promontory with the girls and get drunk at the top, or sit down when the Pledge of Allegiance says stand, or hop a freight train, or take lovers without telling her last name, or run away to sea. She might revel in all the freedoms that seem so trivial to those who could take them for granted; she might dream seriously the dreams that seem to obvious to those who grew up with them really available. Who knows what she would do? Who knows what it would feel like?
Anonymous|When my wife was asked  "Do you take this man for richer or poorer . . ." she answered  "For richer."
George Saunders, The Braindead Megaphone|What good the prophet in the wilderness may do is incremental and personal. It's good for us to hear someone speak the irrational truth. It's good for us when, in spite of all of the sober, pragmatic, and even correct arguments that war is sometimes necessary someone says: war is large-scale murder, us at our worst, the stupidest guy doing the cruelest thing to the weakest being.
Tammy Faye Bakker|The result was that, if it happened to clear off after a cloudy evening, I frequently arose from my bed at any hour of the night or morning and walked two miles to the observatory to make some observation included in the programme.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|But Catherine did not know her own advantages - did not know that a good-looking girl, with an affectionate heart and a very ignorant mind, cannot fail of attracting a clever young man, unless circumstances are particularly untoward.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Hey, people ... Do not complain about walking on a Monday if you stayed in folded arms on a Sunday.
Nigel Slater|Good bread is the most fundamentally satisfying of all foods; and good bread with fresh butter, the greatest of feasts.
Petra Hermans|At times, talent is gifted! But mostly, it comes with good practice.
Herman Melville, Bartleby the Scrivener|If you can't get everyone on your side, make sure they're right behind you.
Anaïs Nin, Journals Of Anais Nin Volume 3|There are very few human beings who receive the truth, complete and staggering, by instant illumination. Most of them acquire it fragment by fragment, on a small scale, by successive developments, cellularly, like a laborious mosaic.
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|But years and miles away from home could never attenuate the city's hold on my identity, and the more I explored places and people far from Hampton, the more my status as one of its daughters came to mean to me.
Osunsakin Adewale|Only God satisfies. ONLY GOD SATISFIES. Let this truism settle down deep inside your heart. It is the unveiled truth. Feed this truth to your spirit. Force it down and command it to chase down, repel, and extricate all lies the Devil has successfully planted inside your spirit. Will it to sleigh your flesh. Forget about finding happiness and fulfillment in your spouse, friend, or child. Fulfillment comes only when you are totally invested in your relationship with God. When you are facing a trial or walking through a storm, it is God who will comfort and satisfy your soul with boundless and extraordinary love and guidance. Within God’s love there is an all-embracing grace.
Natalie Standiford, How to Say Goodbye in Robot|I wish I could have lived just one day when the world was new. I wish—I wish I could have reaped just one single, solitary, big Emotion before the world had caught it and—appraised it—and taxed it—and licensed it—and staled it!
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|The problem with mad people is not that they are mad, but that they are suffering from a particular brand of madness that the majority are not.
John Tauler|God welcomes home anyone who will have him and, in fact, has made the first move already.
Ron       Jacobs|When you cannot use your sword you may take to the weapon of all-prayer. Your powder may be damp, your bow-string may be relaxed, but the weapon of all-prayer need never be out of order.
Stephanie Lahart|There IS a better future for you! Get rid of that negative and defeated attitude. Stop tearing yourself down and learn to build yourself up. Speak positively about yourself. If you’re not satisfied with who you are and where you’re at in your life, have the courage to make a change and be a person that you can be proud of. Change can be scary, but change for the better is very rewarding in the end. You can do it! Do it for YOU.
Vince Vaughn|Concrete you can mold, you can press it into - after all, you haven't any straight lines in your body. Why should we have straight lines in our architecture? You'd be surprised when you go into a room that has no straight line - how marvelous it is that you can feel the walls talking back to you, as it were.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|To waste, to destroy our natural resources, to skin and exhaust the land instead of using it so as to increase its usefulness, will result in undermining in the days of our children the very prosperity which we ought by right to hand down to them amplified and developed.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|I have tutored Little Igor to be a man of this world. For example, I exhibited him a smutty magazine three days yore, so that he should be appraised of the many positions in which I am carnal. 'This is sixty-nine,' I told him, presenting the magazine in front of him. I put my fingers--two of them--on the action, so that he would not overlook it. 'Why is it dubbed sixty-nine?' he asked, because he is a person hot on fire with curiosity. 'It was invented in 1969. My friend Gregory knows a friend of the nephew of the inventor.' 'What did people do before 1969?' 'Merely blowjobs and masticating box, but never in chorus.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., While Mortals Sleep: Unpublished Short Fiction|One criticism of Freud still sometimes heard on the political Left is that his thinking is individualist — that he substitutes ‘private’ psychological causes and explanations for social and historical ones. This accusation reflects a radical misunderstanding of Freudian theory. There is indeed a real problem about how social and historical factors are related to the unconscious; but one point of Freud’s work is that it makes it possible for us to think of the development of the human individual in social and historical terms. What Freud produces, indeed, is nothing less than a materialist theory of the making of the human subject. We come to be what we are by an interrelation of bodies — by the complex transactions which take place during infancy between our bodies and those which surround us. This is not a biological reductionism: Freud does not of course believe that we are nothing but our bodies, or that our minds are mere reflexes of them. Nor is it an asocial model of life, since the bodies which surround us, and our relations with them, are always socially specific.
Thomas Szasz, Law, Liberty and Psychiatry|[T]he mothers who had sold their children felt empty and sad. They felt as if this act, done freely by themselves (no one had forced them, no one had threatened them) had not been performed willingly. They felt cheated as well, as if the price had been too low. Why hadn't they demanded more? And yet, the mothers told themselves, they'd had no choice.
April  Floyd, Unique: Take a Look Into a Unique World & a Unique Life|Next to God, Family is the best thing.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Christianity is not for seasonal use, it is for daily use. Make the word of God your daily Language.
Jon Chopan, Pulled from the River|Every living thing dies, Art. That’s why we cherish it while we have it. That’s why we respect the decisions our loved ones make for themselves. That’s why we love, and why we care, and why we hurt. Because everything dies.
Jo Baker, A Country Road, A Tree|And when he surfaces to a cramped hand, a crick in the neck, the sunlight shifted across the floor, a sore blink, he knows that even to have written this little is an excess, it is an overflowing, an excretion. Too many words. There are just too many words. Nobody wants them; nobody needs them. And still they keep on, keep on, keep on coming..
Michael McDowell, Blackwater II: The Levee|Even then I found the word fitting, soothing.Fireflies.Fire flies.Fire, fly.
Wendell Berry, Nathan Coulter|When you wish evil on your enemies, remember that you are also someone else's enemy. Matthew 5:44
Rebecca McNutt|People who mock incidents in history such as 9/11 or the Holocaust, referring to it all as a hoax or stirring up crazy conspiracy theories about it, should really stop and think about their words first, both because it shows flaws in logic and rationality to deny the obvious, and because to play pretend with incidents which killed innocent people, well, that's just like laughing in the face of tragedy. It's as if to say, "no, it's not horrible enough that these people were killed, oh no, we have to drag on these incidents by indulging in melodramatic fantasies!" In essence this means that those who lost loved ones not only have to live with these losses forever, they also have to live with the people who deny that any of it ever happened. It does no good to forget history or to deny it. All it does is desensitize people; it tells them that it's all just a game, which then risks the possibility of nobody taking it seriously enough to prevent something similar from happening again.
Chester W. Nimitz|Back of every creation, supporting it like an arch, is faith. Enthusiasm is nothing: it comes and goes. But if one believes, then miracles occur.
Victoria Addino|Those of you who are convinced that you missed your calling, open all doors keep the entrance way clear. This way you will not miss that next call.
Flume|I wanted to design a line based on Hollywood's Golden Era. I talked with Stephen Burrows and with Willi Smith and with one or two other people, but it just seems like such a hard field to break into. I need someone like Calvin Klein's manager to get behind me!
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|That seems like stealing, doesn't it?" Simon pulled a cup toward him. He drew the lid back. "Ooh. Mochaccino." He looked at Magnus. "Did you pay for these?""Sure," said Magnus, while Jace and Alec snickered. "I make dollar bills magically appear in their cash register.""Really?""No." Magnus popped the lid off his own coffee. "But you can pretend I did if it makes you feel better. So, first order of business is what?
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|I went on and on, and as I continued, I became more righteous in my indignation. It was the sort of anger one gets high on, the kind one takes home to show off to family and friends.
Cole McCade, Zero Day Exploit|When you deserved it, even the mail could rape you.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|That's the beauty of it. Have you seen the contraptions these magicians build to accomplish the most mundane feats? They are a bunch of fish covered in feathers trying to convince the public they can fly, I am simply a bird in their midst.
Elder Porphyrios|Nowadays, to be sure, we are more “comprehensive.” In particular, we pay more attention to the body. It may even be that we go too far. On the other hand, are there not too many intellectuals about who, without knowing it, have put a muzzle on their hearts, and whose “spiritual life” misses those deep intuitions that are of the world of the spirit?All these people–the “brains,” the spiritualists, as well as those who are embarrassed or engrossed by the body–may be taught Yoga (I saw “may,” because they have to give themselves to it) that they cannot become truly themselves unless they accept their nature as men and aim at establishing balance between the parts of man in is; this nature of ours which is at one and the same time an animal body (corpus-anima), thinking soul (animus-mens) and spirit (spiritus-cor). It is a harmony among these “three” that is sought in each of us by the grace of redemption. Christ came in the first place so that this “creature of God” within us, concealed under a human complex, bruised and torn by original sin, should flower and open out in its full beauty and wealth of talent. Any ascetic discipline that works towards this works, in fact, hand in hand with grace, and that is why I have roundly stated that a Yoga that calms the senses, pacifies the soul, and frees certain intuitive or affective powers in us can be of inestimable service to the West. It can make people into true Christians, dynamic and open, by helping them to be men.
Shane Hipps, Flickering Pixels: How Technology Shapes Your Faith|New Rule: You can't force the ATM to do something it doesn't want to do. Excuse me, lady in front of me at the Citibank ATM, but you've been standing there punching buttons for ten minutes--what are you trying to do, write a novel on it? You hear those beeping noises? That's the ATM saying, "Stop it, you're hurting me." A chicken would have gotten forty bucks out of that thing by now just by pecking the buttons randomly.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|In both cases, it is the prejudice, not the condition, that does the harm. It may be, as some would have it, that blacks are inherently inferior to whites or that homosexuals are all, by definition, sick. So what? Even if either condition truly is inherently undesirable, no manner of social pressure will turn blacks into whites or gays into straights. Social pressure will only exaggerate the handicap. It is still the prejudice, more than the condition, that does the harm.
Terry Eagleton|Throughout history, story telling was at the very beginning of life.
Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk|Some things are only real because they represent what we think. When we learn the truth and think it, the old reality is no longer real to us and loses its hold on us. The truth sets us free.
C.G. Jung|With a truly tragic delusion,” Carl Jung noted, “these theologians fail to see that it is not a matter of proving the existence of the light, but of blind people who do not know that their eyes could see. It is high time we realized that it is pointless to praise the light and preach it if nobody can see it. It is much more needful to teach people the art of seeing.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Do what you have to do as you must do it, and exert all your noble strength in doing it in so far as it pleases God, and give less attention to the approval or disapproval of men, though put their thoughts into consideration and take the lessons from their thoughts seriously. Factor the thoughts of the masses into changing the face of your vision as you journey to it and be happy and more confident about where you want to get to. Seek not for fame but let it inspire you to the top. Mind your real aim notwithstanding the obstacles and failure you shall meet. Do your best to present your best to God for from Him comes your daily breath!
Ronald Reagan|The Internet is dumb. The Internet, with all its access to brain research, anthropology journals, social studies networks, and biographies and autobiographies, can't begin to map the complexity of our lives, or how we each affect others.
Tove Jansson, The True Deceiver|Nothing can be as peaceful and endless as a long winter darkness, going on and on, like living in a tunnel where the dark sometimes deepens into night and sometimes eases to twilight, you're screened from everything, protected, even more alone than usual.
Clive Leatherdale|Women, music, beer, and pie. Rurik, you're just an all-American guy.
Dada Bhagwan|Every person has to prepare himself to the point where no place would be burdensome for him. The place may get bored with him, but he will not get bored; he has to get prepared to that extent. Because otherwise these are infinite places; there is no end to the places. Infinite places are there.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|After the meeting, Guay met with Verville for a debriefing. Guay reports that Verville said that all investors would have to roll to avoid a market collapse. Guay told Verville that on Monday, at the first chance to roll its maturing paper, the Caisse should not be the only investor rolling in a particular trust. If that happened, it would end up in a worse position than not rolling at all.
Abigail Van Buren|Wisdom doesn't automatically come with old age.Nothing does --- except wrinkles.It's true,some wines improves with age.But only if the grapes were good in the first place
Margaret Spellings|If education is protection to life, you will realize that it is necessary that education accompany life during its whole course.
Luis Marques|Humans are naturally scared and confused beings. They not only fear the unknown, as they live fearing themselves... ☥
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
Emily Nagoski, Come as You Are: The Surprising New Science that Will Transform Your Sex Life|About 10 to 20 percent of both men and women report an increase in their sexual interest when they're anxious or depressed. But a guy who wants sex more when he's anxious or depressed probably has less sensitive brakes. In contrast, a woman who wants sex more when she's anxious or depressed is likely to have a more sensitive accelerator.
Mike Ramsdell, A Train to Potevka|One note is not music. It is what lies between the notes that makes the music. And what is between them is: their relationship. Relationships are the music life makes. Context creates meaning. Asking, "What is the meaning of life?" is the wrong question; it makes you look in the wrong places. The question is, "Where is the meaning in life?" The place to look is: between.
Debasish Mridha|If any religion allows you to torture animals or sacrifice an animal for the sake of procuring god’s favor, then that is not a religion. It is an absurd practice of inhumanity.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|After the way you have accepted and slipped so perfectly into my life, feeding my desires," he says, cupping my face in his hands as the water streams down us, "I want to share everything with you, Evan.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Gods die. And when they truly die they are unmourned and unremembered. Ideas are more difficult to kill than people, but they can be killed, in the end.
Anne Frank|I'm a strong believer that you can build great companies in time of both greed and fear. But you have to be paying attention and operating under the right assumptions. You don't have to believe history repeats itself, but you should accept that history rhymes.
W.G. Sebald, Austerlitz|...and Věra said that every time we reached the page which described the snow falling through the branches of the trees, soon to shroud the entire forest floor, I would look up at her and ask: But if it's all white, how do the squirrels know where they've buried their hoard?... Those were your very words, the question which constantly troubled you. How indeed do the squirrels know, what do we know ourselves, how do we remember, and what it is we find in the end?
Jenny Nordberg, The Underground Girls of Kabul|The responsibility for men's behavior, indeed for civilization itself rests entirely with women here, and in how they dress and behave. Men's animalistic impulses are presumed to be overwhelming and uncontrollable. And as men are brutal, brainless savages, women must hide their bodies to avoid being assaulted. In most societies, a respectable woman, to varying degrees, is expected to cover up. If she doesn't she is inviting assault.
Deyth Banger|I have two rules:First, I'm never wrong.Second, if I'm wrong...back to the first rule."L Lawliet
Debasish Mridha|To expect more, be more.
Marlena de Blasi, A Thousand Days in Venice|We violate the innocence of things in the name of rationality so we can wander about, uninterrupted, in our search for passion and sentiment.
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|Two seconds later, the sound of an alarm filled my ears. ''What did you do?'' I said over the noise as he backed up towards the bathroom door. ''The girl who gave you the note?''''Yes...''''I caught her staring at my lighter.''I blinked. ''You gave a child, in a psych ward , a lighter?''His eyes crinkled at the corners. ''She seemed trustworthy.''''You're sick,'' I said, but smiled.''Hey, nobody's perfect. '' Noah smiled back.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|The whole world seems tilted, my inner ear displaced by a hole where my spouse used to be.
Mohith Agadi|When you need motivation, look no where! Just say "YES, I CAN DO IT
Jon M. Huntsman Sr., Winners Never Cheat: Even in Difficult Times|Why is it, I wonder, that people suffer, when there is so little need, when an effort of will and some hard work would bring them from their misery into peace and contentment.
Christopher Lasch|Dear Whoever-that-just-found-out-that-they-have-a-terminal-illness, don't let that put you down. Technically, we are all dying.
Rosa Luxemburg, The Russian Revolution|He was afraid that the world struggle today was not of Communism against Fascism, but of tolerance against the bigotry that was preached equally by Communism and Fascism. But he saw too that in America the struggle was befogged by the fact that the worst Fascists were they who disowned the word “Fascism” and preached enslavement to Capitalism under the style of Constitutional and Traditional Native American Liberty. For they were thieves not only of wages but of honor. To their purpose they could quote not only Scripture but Jefferson.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Why, could the good man not impose his will, control his wife? asked Mrs. Carew, who always made much of masculine authority in her talk with friends but ruled the roost at home.
Jenni Ferrari-Adler, Alone in the Kitchen with an Eggplant : Confessions of Cooking for One and Dining Alone|To live, we must daily break the body and shed the blood of Creation. When we do this knowingly, lovingly, skillfully, reverently, it is a sacrament. When we do it ignorantly, greedily, clumsily, destructively, it is a desecration. In such desecration we condemn ourselves to spiritual and moral loneliness, and others to want.
Henry James, The Awkward Age|I never really have believed in the existence of friendship in big societies - in great towns and great crowds. It's a plant that takes time and space and air; and London society is a huge "squash", as we elegantly call it - an elbowing, pushing, perspiring, chattering mob.
Oliver Goldsmith|Hope, like the gleaming taper’s light, adorns and cheers our way; and still, as darker grows the night, emits a brighter ray.
Injap Sia, Life Principles|It was actually very difficult., especially during the first five years of the start-up stage, when all the odds seemed to be against us—this is probably true for most entrepreneurs. To succeed, you really have to put your heart and soul into it. (p. 71)
Kristan Higgins, The Best Man|Failing is easy, but climbing up the mountain requires strategy, commitment, endurance, and the iron will to keep trying till you reach the summit.
Anthony Liccione|She had died, I just never told her. So still, we walk, eat and sleep together, in fear one day she'll come to realize it.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|Happiness without freedom, or freedom without happiness. There was no third alternative.
Emma Willard|Unlike most politicians who follow their audience, (Robert) Kennedy tried to lead his.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|There are two groups of people in this world; first, those who have everything but nothing and second, those who have nothing but everything.
Brian Keene, A Gathering of Crows|They want to control humankind through what they call selective breeding. The Nazis started it, but now the nwo are continuing it. See, the only way to control population is to first get it back down to manageable size. They're culling the herd, same way the game commission does when deer population gets out of control. That's why we've got diseases like cancer and aids. You telling me that we can put a little goddamn skateboard-looking robot on Mars and have it send pictures back, but we can't find a cure for cancer? There's a cure. You can bet on that, boys. There's a goddamn cure. They just won't release it because cancer helps cut down the population.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|The second class status of marriage became one of the principal issues in the Reformation. Martin Luther, the Augustinian friar, had barely posted his ninety-five theses on the door of the church in Wittenberg when he took himself a wife.
Krista Alasti, Taming Shadows|I’m sure all of that’s true. Especially the anal bit--Marshall’s always been an ass--but I don’t see how this is relevant, unless of course I’m mistaken, and you really are comparing me to a crumb that needs sweeping. - Shella
Fiona Apple|There are a lot of musicians I've met on Twitter where it was like, 'Hey, I like your music' - and then I ended up meeting them and it turned into a friendship.
Henry Ford|Social media requires that business leaders start thinking like small-town shop owners. This means taking the long view and avoiding short-term benchmarks to gauge progress. It means allowing the personality, heart and soul of the people who run all levels of the business to show.
Foz Meadows, Monstrous Little Voices: New Tales from Shakespeare's Fantasy World|My conversations with people who are just beginning to understand and include transsexual and transgender people in their plans or programs lean heavily on this. For them, the very fact of a transsexual who is a real student at their school or client of their agency can be new and surprising. But for queers and transfolk, who have institutionalized an additional set of queerly normative genders, it can sometimes be difficult to hear that we, too, must expand. If butch daddies want to crochet, if twinkly ladyboys are sometimes tops in bed, if burly bears can do BDSM play as little girls, if femme fatales build bookcases in their spare time, these things, too, are not just good but great. They bring us, I believe, wonderful news: news that gendered options can continue to explode, that the chefs in the kitchen of gender are creating new and imaginative specials every day. That we, all of us, are the chefs. Hi. Have a whisk.
Karen Russell|Wait, that’s your idea? That’s your expert advice? You’re going to tell these novelists to just keep going? You’re going to tell these honest, earnest writers: You gotta have faith? Those are George Michael lyrics, asshole. If they wanted that pep talk, they could just hang out inside a mall elevator.
Shreya Gupta|I have had some experiences with love, or think I have, anyway, although the ones I have liked best could easily be described as "common decency". I treated somebody well for a little while, or even for a tremendously long time, and that person treated me well in return. Love need not have anything to do with it. (...)Love is where you find it. I think it is foolosh to go looking for it, and I think it can often be poisonous.I wish that people who are conventionally supposed to love each other would say to each other, when they fight, "Please - a little less love, and a little more common decency".
Henry Cloud, Boundaries: When to Say Yes, How to Say No to Take Control of Your Life|True love transcends the unworthy object, and dwells and broods on the eternal, and when the poor interposed mask crumbles, it is not sad, but feels rid of so much earth, and feels its independency the surer.
Rumi Antoinette|...and they buried him there, just off the trail, in a glade ten miles from the majestic Salween, a long way from home, but what dead man is not?
Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake|I was shy,” said six-foot-one of bashful male. He grunted as a sharp, feminine elbow thudded inconspicuously into his side.
Lisa Gillis, Weathering Jack Storm|Emil on top of me, his breath heavy on my neck. As our eyes met and held, the playfulness turned into something else entirely, something with a lot more heat. Emil leaned in, barely brushing his lips against my own he whispered, “We were good at this then too.”As his soft lips met mine, my entire body felt molten—liquid and hot, moving seamlessly with his.
Anthony Fauci|I think children love reading, and they will make time for it if we put the right books into their hands. And I hope I get the chance to keep being one of the people that writes them.
Dale Carnegie|Gwynn, she was always talking about wanting to be drunk and honestly I did want to encourage that, I wanted to go to a bar with her and let all the stuff sobriety pushed down be released so I could catch it in my palms and finally kiss her. She was just so sad. Melancholy was a fleshy wave permanently cresting on her face, she had to speak through it when she talked.
Paul Langan, The Fallen|You gotta admit, it's a messed-up world when going to war is safer than staying home.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|Nothing disciplines the inordinate desires of the flesh like service, and nothing transforms the desires of the flesh like serving in hiddenness. The flesh whines against service but screams against hidden service. It strains and pulls for honour and recognition. It will devise subtle, religiously acceptable means to call attention to the service rendered. If we stoutly refuse to give in to this lust of the flesh, we crucify it. Every time we crucify the flesh, we crucify our pride and arrogance.
Ryan Mark|The land will sink into the water, and then, the water will evaporate into the air, taking the sky with it. And all, but a tremor of what once was, will be gone. ~ Ichabod Everward, during the Fossil War.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|He has shown you, O man, what is good. And what does the Lord require of you? But to act justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with your God.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|The true birthplace is that wherein for the first time one looks intelligently upon oneself; my first homelands have been books, and to a lesser degree schools.
Margaret Wheatley|I'm American. Why didn't I say I was African American? Because I'm in a foreign country? But can I really consider myself to be in a foreign country when I could go walking back to my own country right now if I wanted, and it wouldn't even take very long? Does this mean that in some places I'm American and in some places I'm African American and in other places, by logical extension, I'm nobody?
Jeff Bridges|Normally, I love to go to the movies and when I see a character portrayed by different actors at different ages, it kind of pops a little bit for me. It brings me out of the movie experience. Now we have the technology to cure that.
George Formby|Each one of us, and, indeed, all those who aspire to national leadership must bring their own visions, views and styles to the business of reforming Nigeria, and the search for solutions.
Chess Desalls, Travel Glasses|If it hurts, do it more frequently, and bring the pain forward.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Ask anybody, would you want an ex-madman living next door? It’s difficult enough being an ex-convict. It’s double hard for us ‘madmen’. Please believe it.
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|Why did you take me down this road if you don't want to walk with me? Why do you exist all alone, when you could just talk to me?
Kiersten White, Illusions of Fate|Do you dislike Children? I ask, entertained at the little one’s cleverness in dodging capture attempts.	“I don’t dislike them, nor do I like them. I’ve never understood why one must love children simply because they are children. I don’t love people because they are people; in fact, I rarely like any people at all. If a child is somehow deserving of admiration, I certainly won’t deny it, but why hand it out like candy on Queen’s Day?” 	I laugh, surprising him.	“Do you think me terribly cruel, then?”	“Actually, I agree. It is another great fault of mine my mother endeavored to correct. Children in general I’ve never cared for, though individual children I love very much.
توكل كرمان|Women are no longer victims. They have become leaders. They are at the forefront of the demonstrations. We will share a role in all aspects of life, side by side with men.
Hermione Daguin, Behind every mean girl...There's a tragedy|She saw the faces streaming past her, the faces made alike by fear—fear as a common denominator, fear of themselves, fear of all and of one another, fear making them ready to pounce upon whatever was held sacred by any single one they met...She had kept herself clean and free in a single passion—to touch nothing. She had liked facing them in the streets, she had liked the impotence of their hatred, because she offered them nothing to be hurt.
Giulio Tononi, Phi: A Voyage from the Brain to the Soul|Morbidity and Mortality RoundsForgive me, body before me, for this.Forgive me for my bumbling hands, unschooledin how to touch: I meant to understandwhat fever was, not love. Forgive me formy stare, but when I look at you, I seemyself laid bare. Forgive me, body, forwhat seems like calculation when I takea breath before I cut you with my knife,because the cancer has to be removed.Forgive me for not telling you, but I’mno poet. Please forgive me, please. Forgivemy gloves, my callous greeting, my unease—you must not realize I just met deathagain. Forgive me if I say he lookedimpatient. Please, forgive me my despair,which once seemed more like recompense. Forgivemy greed, forgive me for not having moreto give you than this bitter pill. Forgive:for this apology, too late, for thoselike me whose crimes might seem innocuousand yet whose cruelty was obvious.Forgive us for these sins. Forgive me, please,for my confusing heart that sounds so muchlike yours. Forgive me for the night, when Isleep too, beside you under the same moon.Forgive me for my dreams, for my rough knees,for giving up too soon. Forgive me, please,for losing you, unable to forgive.
Sofia Carson|I know a lot of aesthetically beautiful women who are not nice people, and they do not come across as beautiful to me. I think the number one thing for beauty is a smile. I love a woman with a beautiful smile.
Auliq Ice|Everyone is poor in one way or another, so there is no need to worry of where you belong, we are all rich and poor at the same time.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|When you forgive, you free your soul. But when you say I'm sorry, you free two souls.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I wonder how can I ever work for an organization that pollutes the world and refuses to clean up and sometimes even own up. And, I wonder how on earth can I work for an organization where one of my fellow classmates wouldn’t get the same paycheck and the same perks and the same benefits as I would simply because she is a girl.
Thomas Jefferson|The government, which was designed for the people, has got into the hands of the bosses and their employers, the special interests. An invisible empire has been set up above the forms of democracy.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She adored fairy tales,yet derived great rewardrewriting them to the melody of her own warrior soul.Her fairytales weren’t made of desperate girlsbeing rescued by handsomespoiled princes.Her stories were made of badass womenteasing monstersand running wild with dragons.
Mitta Xinindlu|If I'm wrong, correct me. If I'm right, recommend me.
Thomas Bernhard, Extinction|We must allow ourselves to think, we must dare to think, even though we fail. It is in the nature of things that we always fail, because we suddenly find it impossible to order our thoughts, because the process of thinking requires us to consider every thought there is, every possible thought. Fundamentally we have always failed, like all the others, whoever they were, even the greatest minds. At some point, they suddenly failed and their system collapsed, as is proved by their writings, which we admire because they venture farthest into failure. To think is to fail, I thought.
Eric Clapton|Musically, he was like an old man in a boy's skin.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|Even though its common knowledge these days, it never ceases to amaze me that all the richness of our mental life - all our feelings, our emotions, our thoughts, our ambitions, our love life, our religious sentiments and even what each of us regards us his own intimate private self - is simply the activity of these little specks of jelly in your head, in your brain. There is nothing else.
Rea Lidde, Mission Possible, But Difficult Task|The next thing I knew Jamie was in my lap wrapping her arms around my neck as if she planned on keeping me hostage for eternity. If that were the case, bring on the shackles babe, because no way was I going to be the one to end this epic kiss.I felt like I was on fire—like warm energy was spilling out of Jamie, washing over me and causing all my hair to stand on end. I started shaking—just a slight tremor in my hands at first, but it quickly progressed to violent, uncontrollable shivers. The energy was filling my body so full I thought I’d literally burst apart at my seams.Then, when I was ready to combust Jamie finally stilled. She pulled her face back and smiled at me with a cool expression, but I know she was affected as I was. I wasn’t the only one breathing hard and shaking.“You can keep the gum,” she said, trying to mask her feelings with a smirk. She couldn’t quite manage it though. Her eyes were bright and full of disbelief. She was as surprised as I was.She climbed off me and with a wink said, “Have fun at the dance.” And then she was gone. She walked out of the cafeteria as if that hadn’t just happened. As if she hadn’t just completely wrecked me.I had no idea if what I felt meant we were soul mates or something crazy like that, but I knew two things for certain. One: Jamie Baker wasn’t the ice queen she pretended to be. And two: I wanted her more than anything I’d ever wanted in my entire life.I had a feeling this wasn’t going to be easy, but I knew deep down in my gut it would be worth it. “Game on, Ice Queen,” I muttered as I stumbled back over to Mike to rub my victory in his face. “You’re already mine. You just don’t know it yet.
Cherie Blair|The thing I want to see before I die is women achieving full equality in the world. I'm very passionate about injustice against women and there's too much of it in the world. In so many parts of the world, women are not regarded as worthy or equal to men. In parts of the world, women are bought and sold.
Hillary Clinton|Every marriage is a mystery to me, even the one I'm in. So I'm no expert on it.
Patrick White, The Tree Of Man|She would have liked to love. It was terrible to think she had never loved her son as a man. Sometimes her hands would wrestle together. They were supple, rather plump hands, broad and not yet dry. But wrestling like this together, they were papery and dried-up. Then she would force herself into some deliberate activity or speak tenderly to her good husband, offering him things to eat, and seeing to his clothes. She loved her husband. Even after the drudgery of love she could still love him. But sometimes she lay on her side and said, I have not loved him enough, not yet, he has not seen the evidence of love. It would have been simpler if she had been able to turn and point to the man their son, but she could not.
Shannon L. Alder|There are so many things we can have in this world, but only 10 percent of it changes the condition of someone's heart.
Jodi Picoult, Perfect Match|Envy, after all, comes from wanting something that isn't yours. But grief comes from losing something you've already had.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|The mind is satisfied with phrased, but not the body, the body is more fastidious, it wants muscles. A body always tells the truth, that's why it's usually depressing and disgusting to look at.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|Depression is evil. Before you know it, it takes over and there's no escaping it.
Diana Bletter, A Remarkable Kindness|Sometimes you don’t need to do anything really courageous to feel like a hero. Sometimes all you have to do is live your life and claim it. Then you can get to a certain moment when you can stand somewhere and think about where you’ve been and where you are now and the journey you’ve traveled to get there. Sometimes, that’s all you need to do.
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|That kiss...""You've already given me better than I've ever had.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|I was afraid of being rejected, yes. I was also afraid of being accepted for the wrong reasons.
Isaac Newton|A celebrity is an object that the media manufactures today, just so they have a subject tomorrow.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Accept loyalty gratefully, and accept betrayal with a smile, knowing that it teaches you life lessons.
Charmaine J Forde|Let the dogs bark, the wolves howl, the lightnings flash and the crows caw, you continue doing your job!
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|There are some things you cannot explain to anyone, even whey they have been explained to you, over and over, almost since the day you were born.
Ron Paul|Notorious Lucifer, King of Hell, claimed to know love again.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Males of all species are made for wooing females, and females typically choose among their suitors. If you take a closer look, you can observe such behavior all around you. The beautiful bird chirping outside your window. It’s a mating call. That pretty little bird is trying to attract a potential mate, so that it can propagate its genes. Why does the peacock have such beautiful feathers? It is to attract a healthy female. He as well is trying to propagate his genes. Even we humans, are not much different from the rest of the animal kingdom when it comes to attracting potential mates. When women dress up for their night out at the club, they are doing so to look attractive. This is a subconscious evolutionary desire to attract as many potential mates as possible.... While women tend to grab attention with their looks, men on the other hand, tend to attract as many potential females as possible, by showing off their resources. When a man shows off with his fancy car, expensive gold watch and suit, or flexes his muscles and brags about how many credit cards he owns, he’s doing so to make himself desirable by healthy women, in order to propagate his genes. It is all in the pursuit of reproduction.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To choose not to be part of a team or religion does not make me non-religious; for my religion is Truth and I am very much in love with God. I do not need to align myself with a specific messenger if I already understand God’s message. And the way I think is not considered ‘New Age’, since common sense is not new. So long as you act and speak with love and truth in you, and are good to your fellow man — in that you treat everybody as you would want yourself to be treated, your heart will stand by God regardless of the label you have assigned to your mind.
Dhani Jones|I try to be as optimistic as I can. I feel like that's the beautiful thing about art and music. It can take you places, and they can be a positive influence. A very soothing influence. Honestly, I feel like there's enough pain and terrible things that happen in life. That's beautiful thing in art, you can really idealize things.
Louis C.K.|It was a horrible process to get to this. It took me my whole life. If you’re new at this — and by 'new at it,' I mean 15 years in, or even 20 — you’re just starting to get traction...Give it a minute.
Joe Sutter|If there's one lesson I can pass along to people in situations like mine, it's that the best way to see a program through -- and it took me a long time to learn this -- is simply to accept the help, cooperate, and let others do what they think is worthwhile. In the meantime, continue racing to the finish line.
Alistair Horne|A lot of sequins for New Year's! Red, green, white - I fail at all of that because I'm always in black. But for Christmas, I do love wearing cute dresses with tights and a pair of boots.
Kara Cooney, The Woman Who Would Be King: Hatshepsut's Rise to Power in Ancient Egypt|Gods, like men, can die. They just die harder, and smite the earth with their passing.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|In any other fabric of space-time, my brother would have picked up Dee’s venereal disease-infested koala punt and run it straight down the line of vulgarity, all the way to the touchdown of tastelessness.
Shannon L. Alder|When you have the courage to follow your talents into the dark unknown places they lead, often God will send angels to light your way.
Daryavesh Rothmensch|knowledge is our enviroment..wisdome, is how we perceive our environment".
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Elizabeth could never address her without feeling that all the comfort of intimacy was over, and, though determined not to slacken as a correspondent, it was for the sake of what had been, rather than what was.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently:Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women in America|Contrary to what most women think, men want a lot more than just sex. A man wants to make a difference in a woman’s life and make her happy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A gracious heart, a gentle spirit.
John Updike|By the time I was a young man, I lived with two deep struggles: I longed to become a cricketer, and I performed miserably in school. Cricket and tennis were all that I lived for. In India, this was a formula for failure.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|There's a boy whose affection I am determined to hunt down and kill. It used to be material objects I felt I needed to be happy. It would make me feel stable if I had him. If I had someone like him, it would prove that I'm stable, and then I wouldn't have to do the work to get there. I am constantly looking for ways to cede control of my worries to someone, anyone.
Jim Jordan|I have an aim - I have a clear aim in my mind, and the aim is that I do not like what I see in Indian politics; it is something that is inside my heart.
Jana Kingsford, UNJUGGLED: Lessons From a Decade of Blending Business, Babies, Balance and Big Dreams|In life there are many thing's you may not like or want but is necessary for stability and sustainability for life and its environment. GOOD -> BAD, BAD -> GOOD => GOOD = BAD.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|Some survivors have found small metallic “implants” in their teeth or ears, and believe these were designed to monitor their location or to broadcast their words or thoughts to the abusers. Such technology has been developed recently for keeping task of animals or persons with dementia. But to what extent it was used years ago by mind controllers is unknown at this point. At least some of it may be similar to the “bombs” in the stomach, a trick to convince survivors that their abusers monitor them continuously. The presence of an object does not mean it is capable of collecting complex information and sending it back to abusers, or even sending them signals, for twenty or more years as some survivors believe. As with other apparently bizarre beliefs of our survivor clients, we must acknowledge that something happened, and remain open both to the possibility that there was such technology and the possibility that it is yet another deception to convince survivors they cannot escape the grip of their abusers.p205
Nina Jean Slack|All they told me was that he was forty-two when he died. I just wanted...to find out more about what kind of person he was.I could tell you more, amanda thought to herself. A lot more. She'd suspected the truth since Morgan Tanner had called, and she'd made some calls to confirm her suspicions. Dawson, she'd learned, had been taking off life support at CarolinaEast Regional Medical Center late Monday night. He's been kept alive long after doctors knew he would never recover, because he was an organ donor.Dawson, she knews, had saved Alan's life-but in the end, he'd saved Jared's as well. And for that meant...everything. I gave you the best of me, he'd told her once, and with every beat of her son's heart, she knew he'd done exactly that. How about a quick hug," she said, "before we go inside?" Jared rolled his eyes, but he opened his arms anyway. "I love you, Mom," he mumbled, pulling her close. Amanda closed her eyes, feeling the steady rhythm in his chest. "I love you, too.
Angela Merkel|While the lab plays an enormous role, research is also influenced by inner peace of mind and one's family environment, depending on what stage of one's life and career a scientist is at.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|But if we do not try, the dream will remain a dream.
Wil Wheaton, Clash of the Geeks|You can’t has,' he whispered softly, 'not yours.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|There is nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (209) - "Effort is Everything" by Bud Selig
Mircea Eliade|That cry of the soul to be lifted out of the bondage of the narrow circle of life, which carries up to God the protest and yearning of suffering man, never finds a more sublime expression than where humanity is oppressed and religion is corrupt.
Mike Mignola, B.P.R.D., Vol. 13: 1947|Since the beginning of the world, a prayer is a prayer and a curse is a curse-- no matter the people-- no matter the language-- Man has given a thousand different namesto his god, but look into the face of each one-- long enough-- hard enough-- You will find one truth.
Courtney C. Stevens, Faking Normal|If he were to put his heart in my hand, he might never find it again. And I'm not cruel enough to let him break while he tries to heal the impossible.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|The diaries of opium-eaters record how, during the brief period of ecstasy, the drugged person's dreams have a temporal scope of ten, thirty, sometimes sixty years or even surpass all limits of man's ability to experience time--dreams, that is, whose imaginary time span vastly exceeds their actual duration and which are characterized by an incredible diminishment of the experience of time, with images thronging past so swiftly that, as one hashish-smoke puts it, the intoxicated user's brain seems "to have something removed, like the mainspring from a broken watch.
Gautama Buddha|As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are. Otherwise you will miss most of your life.
Kirby Larson, Hattie Big Sky|no matter how big his smile or how loud his laugh, you could hear the hurt underneath.
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|I want to talk to her. I want to have lunch with her. I want her to give me a book she just read and loved. She is my phantom limb, and I just can’t believe I’m here without her.”- on losing her best friend
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|Skulduggery.""Fletcher."Fletcher stuck out his hand. Skulduggery observed it for a moment."I'm sorry, what are we doing now?""Shaking hands," Fletcher said. "Like adults. I just want you to know that this past year has changed me. I've grown, as a person. I'm not the same Fletcher you used to know."You look a lot like him.""Well, yeah, but-""And you have the same ridiculous hair.""Can we just shake hands?""Of course we can," Skulduggery said, and they shook. "Now what?""I, uh...I don't really know. What do adults usually do after they shake hands?""Generally, the first thing they do is let go.""Oh, right," Fletcher said, and Skulduggery took his hand back. "So, Skulduggery, how have you been? You're looking well. That's a really nice tie."It's blue.""And such a nice shade."Skulduggery looked at Valkyrie. "You promised me he wouldn't be annoying.
Rob Lowe|Can space break? I mean the space of art galleries. Over the past 100 years, art galleries have gone from looking like Beaux Arts salons to simple storefronts to industrial lofts to the gleaming giant white cubes of Chelsea with their shiny concrete floors.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|And why does he talk so funny? Doesn't he mean squashed tomatoes?I don't think that they had tomatoes when he comes from, said Bod. And that's just how they talk then.
Steve Aoki|I have all the patience in the world about Sirens. For me it's not a Grateful Dead project, it's a Me project.
Brynn Myers, Redemption|I want you. I need you. For as many hours as possible, I don't want to think about anything but you.
Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest|O miracle—thus to be able to give [peace] we ourselves do not possess, sweet miracle of our empty hands!
Fred Wilson|Well football teams are perhaps easier to control than political parties, I'm sure the Prime Minister would agree with me, but yeah I think every team needs discipline and a sense of self-belief and that's important, that's what leadership's all about.
Juan-Paolo Perre|I know now that the poem in my head, the one that pushed me to the page, begged me - or dared me to be born is almost never the poem that comes out. I suppose it’s like anything born of/with free will and the will to live: once I’ve given the seed, once the juices flow through any sort of birth canal and make it to the ambient air there will, at that point, be forces that come into play that are no longer entirely mine. To forget that each word is a life unto itself is to strangle it dead before it can even take a step.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|Did I love her? No. I obsessed over her completely. And thank heavens I was obsessed. Obsession, infatuation, is something short-lived. A sweet fever dream that leaves you exhausted from the high. Love is perpetual. Love is an entire world compared to that other form of mania people mistake love for. If love is loving the reality of a person, obsession is idealising the fantasy of another. Did I love her? No. Never. But I was utterly obsessed.
Mira Monroe, Magick|So yes. It had flaws, but what does that matter when it comes to matters of the heart? We love what we love. Reason does not enter into it.
Jo Ann Fore|His voice is muddy, that's what it is. Dark and brown and muddy. A note to it like coffee left too long on the burner. And unsweetened, bitter chocolate. But there's dirt in it too, deep, dark dirt, like the garden in October.
Debolina Bhawal|She ran into the bathroom and powdered her face and the front of her dress, drew a surrealistic version of a mouth beneath her nose, and dashed into her bedroom to find a coat.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|She rolled over and sat up as he bent, tearing off his boots. "Whatcha doing?""Getting naked.""I like that.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|God planted the seeds of all the trees," continued Hetty, after a moment's pause, "and you see to what a height and shade they have grown! So it is with the Bible. You may read a verse this year, and forget it, and it will come back to you a year hence, when you least expect to remember it.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|I did it, and it's all right. Even the worst experiences were right in their time, because otherwise, it wouldn't have come to this point. That was your road, and you had to walk it.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|He can’t take his eyes off the stars, but I can’t take mine off his face.
Shannon L. Alder|If you have to explain your sense of humor, then you are performing for the wrong crowd.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|In the morning, when he entered my room, I grumbled, but he was like the sunlight to me, all the same. One cannot defend oneself against those brats. They take hold of you, they hold you fast, they never let you go again. The truth is, that there never was a cupid like that child.
Theodore Roosevelt|The truth is, Colonel, that there's no divine spark, bless you. There's many a man alive no more value than a dead dog. Believe me, when you've seen them hang each other...Equality? Christ in Heaven. What I'm fighting for is the right to prove I'm a better man than many. Where have you seen this divine spark in operation, Colonel? Where have you noted this magnificent equality? The Great White Joker in the Sky dooms us all to stupidity or poverty from birth. no two things on earth are equal or have an equal chance, not a leaf nor a tree. There's many a man worse than me, and some better, but I don't think race or country matters a damn. What matters is justice. 'Tis why I'm here. I'll be treated as I deserve, not as my father deserved. I'm Kilrain, and I God damn all gentlemen. I don't know who me father was and I don't give a damn. There's only one aristocracy, and that's right here - " he tapped his white skull with a thick finger - "and YOU, Colonel laddie, are a member of it and don't even know it. You are damned good at everything I've seen you do, a lovely soldier, an honest man, and you got a good heart on you too, which is rare in clever men. Strange thing. I'm not a clever man meself, but I know it when I run across it. The strange and marvelous thing about you, Colonel darlin', is that you believe in mankind, even preachers, whereas when you've got my great experience of the world you will have learned that good men are rare, much rarer than you think.
Geraldine McCaughrean|Perhaps our imagination needs crime stories to fulfill some craving we have, as a way to assuage a darkness in ourselves.
Ono no Komachi, The Ink Dark Moon: Love Poems by Ono no Komachi and Izumi Shikibu, Women of the Ancient Court of Japan|When my desiregrows too fierceI wear my bed clothesinside out,dark as the night’s rough husk.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress|There are no stressful jobs, but there are stressful managers
C.D. Payne, Youth in Revolt: The Journals of Nick Twisp|Consider, if you will, the morning boner. What a metaphor of hope and renewal! How can anyone give way to despair when one’s groin greets each day with such a gala spectacle of physical optimism?
Arthur Schopenhauer|Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection.
Simone Weil|We have to believe in a God who is like the true God in everything except that he does not exist, since we have not reached the point where God exists.
N. Kazantzakis|Youth is a blind incongruous beast. It craves food but does not eat, is too timid to eat; it need simply nod to happiness, which strolls by on the street and would willingly stop, but it does not nod; it turns the faucet, permitting time to drain away uselessly and be lost, as though time were water. A beast that does not know it is a beast - such is youth. (Report to Greco)
Shannon L. Alder|It appears, from all this, that our eyes are uncertain. Two persons look at the same clock and there is a difference of two or three minutes in their reading of the time. One has a tendency to put back the hands, the other to advance them. Let us not too confidently try to play the part of the third person who wishes to set the first two aright; it may well happen that we are mistaken in turn. Besides, in our daily life, we have less need of certainty than of a certain approximation to certainty. Let us learn how to see, but without looking too closely at things and men: they look better from a distance.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|That's how you know you love someone, I guess, when you can't experience anything without wishing the other person were there to see it, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The sinful desire of the flesh leads to uncleanness, sexual immorality, and sensuality.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|Don't talk for five minutes, there's a good chap! I've a strange feeling come over me--almost as if I were going to think!
Andrew Young|Politics hates a vacuum. If it isn't filled with hope, someone will fill it with fear.
Alexander Graham Bell|Strong government doesn't mean simply military power or an efficient intelligence apparatus. Instead, it should mean effective, fair administration - in other words, 'good governance.'
RVM|Don’t just be who you are and what you are. Move, evolve, change, grow and become better each day.
Anthony T. Hincks|He himself was almost never bored, and there was no man with whom it would have been a greater mistake to suppose that silence meant displeasure.
Akshay Vasu|Amidst of all these darkness, soul wrenching pain and disappointments, you have a heart that still believes in love, trust and second chances. And that my dear, is what makes you so beautiful.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|Eccentricity may be diverting, Mama, but it is out of place in a wife: certainly in my wife!
Kim Fielding, Buried Bones| 'Didn't realize Matty was so scary,' Chris said. 'She's maybe five two and can't make it up a flight of stairs without huffing and puffing. But if I really pissed her off, she might poison my coffee.' 'Sounds like someone I'd like to meet.' 
Will Self|The good news is that even though we walk through this valley of death, we don't have to fear, at least not for ourselves! Unfortunately, there is no way to skip over the valley altogether, we must face death and the evidence of evil all around us. But there will come a day... And what a day that will be!
Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress|HummingbirdFlitting, dartingA restless questTo fuel a fireThat burns your breastSeeking sweetnessFor selfish gleeBringing giftsSo heedlesslyYour touch a triggerYou fire lifeIgniting beautyIn vibrant strifeTo equal youIn colors brightThey dazzle, dumbfoundAnd delightBut in tableauTheir beauty endsEnlivened onlyBy the windWhilst you withGenerous energyProve a lovelyVibrant PersephoneTheir season endsThose blooms of springAnd hummingbirdOn fragile wingToo soon I fearYou will expireSweetness smoldersConsumed in fire.
Lia Mills, Fallen|Grief made fools of us all. There was shock in it, but there could hardly be surprise.
Lisa Schroeder, Chasing Brooklyn|There were so many of these moments that could never be captured accurately, even in the camcorder, only in the heart.
Kandi Steiner, Tag Chaser|...and in repose one might have admired so fine a specimen of English manhood, until the foppish ways, the affected movements, the perpetual inane laugh, brought one's admiration of Sir Percy Blakeney to an abrupt close.
Anthony T. Hincks|No Goodbye'The floods of tears,Flow for thee,As I remember how it used to be.Your gentle touch,Your tender caress,Your scented perfume,Your tender kiss.But things do change,In the blink of an eye,An errant driver,No goodbyes.All I remember,Is how it was,Before that fatal night,When all was lost."I love you.
David W. Earle|The truth is, we tend to train people how we want to be treated. If others know you have wishy-washy boundaries then they are free to walk all over you; the results…you become a doormat. We have actually trained others to do this when we will allow people to wipe their muddy feet on us. After all, we are doormats.
YM|The reflected version of myself, wet, shaking, rumpled, pinched and slightly stooped, would be alarming were it not for the self-satisfied expression pasted across my face. I would ask the obvious question, "What are you smiling about?" but I already know the answer: "It just gets better from here".
Bertrand Russell|And if there were a God, I think it very unlikely that He would have such an uneasy vanity as to be offended by those who doubt His existence
Peter De Vries, The Blood of the Lamb|How I hate this world. I would like to tear it apart with my own two hands if I could. I would like to dismantle the universe star by star, like a treeful of rotten fruit. Nor do I believe in progress. A vermin-eaten saint scratching his filth for heaven is better off than you damned in clean linen. Progress doubles our tenure in a vale of tears. Man is a mistake, to be corrected only by his abolition, which he gives promise of seeing to himself. Oh, let him pass, and leave the earth to the flowers that carpet the earth wherever he explodes his triumphs. Man is inconsolable, thanks to that eternal "Why?" when there is no Why, that question mark twisted like a fishhook in the human heart. "Let there be light," we cry, and only the dawn breaks.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|If you want a forgotten corner to be remembered, a featureless place to be loved, a shadowy emptiness to shine, put some flowers there!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|When my problems seem overwhelming and impossible to solve, I hold fast to these facts: God is real, He is right, and He cares.
R.C. Sproul|The Bible describes everything, including you!
Alaya Dawn Johnson, The Summer Prince|The past stands in the path of the future, knowing it will be crushed.
Brian Cox|I'm comfortable with the unknown -- that's the point of science. There are places out there, billions of places out there, that we know nothing about. And the fact that we know nothing about them excites me, and I want to go out and find out about them.And that's what science is.So I think if you’re not comfortable with the unknown, then it’s difficult to be a scientist… I don’t need an answer. I don’t need answers to everything. I want to have answers to find.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|I implore the atheist not to judge the religious and I implore the religious to not find fault with the atheist. Be a good religious person, or be a good atheist person. How? By putting an end to faultfinding. All do what they believe in their best interest to do and with a little insight and understanding, all can see that the only way anyone can do any good service to the world, is by being thankful for what is been given him, by looking inwards to correct his own faults instead of the perceived faults of others, and by keeping his eye upon his own horizon; not upon the perceived horizons of anybody else.
Geoffrey Vickers|The political spectrum is not a straight, bi-polar line. It's a circle.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|There are days when I miss my old convictions as if they were an amputated limb. But in general I feel better, and no less radical, and you will feel better too, I guarantee, once you leave hold of the doctrinaire and allow your chainless mind to do its own thinking.
Clifford A. Pickover, The Physics Book: From the Big Bang to Quantum Resurrection, 250 Milestones in the History of Physics|I wanted my eternity in carbon molecules, in being part of the trees, the sky, air itself
Gilda Radner|I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.Delicious Ambiguity.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|She had loved him for such a long time, she thought. How was it that she did now know him at all?
Sojourner Truth|I guess I was a bad boy... Yes, yes, I've had lots of women in my life.
Zen Cho, The House of Aunts|I stared at him. Did he really just say that? Did he remember? The way he looked back at me, one eyebrow raised, I knew he did. And this time, I was the one to look away. Because I remembered. I remembered everything.
Preeti Shenoy, It Happens for a Reason|Parents need to see that every situation that their kids find themselves in is a teaching situation, and they need to take the time to explore cost and effect. So talking to your children, explaining things to children as to why things happen in the world. Getting them to see cost and relationships between events is the best way to increase comprehension skills. Daynette Gardiner, the best School Psychologist in The Bahamas.
Jerry J.C. Veit, Capricorn|He tugs me closer, and my ankles lock behind him. "Is it PG-13 time?
Ellen G. White|Only through repentance and faith in Christ can anyone be saved. No religious activity will be sufficient, only true faith in Jesus Christ alone.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|Are we making a bomb?" "This is a trust exercise, like in drama," she says. "Are we making a bomb as a trust exercise?
Neal Stephenson, Zodiac|Debbie insisted on following the rhythm of the waves. Typical duck-squeezer sex: slow, frustrating, in-tune with nature.
Robert Crais, Suspect|Remember: If you go for a walk with a friend in England, don't say a single word for hours; if you go for a walk with your dog, talk to it all the time.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|By taking good care of your posture now, you will enjoy and savor lifelong health benefits and beauty.
Dominic Riccitello|Some days I wonder if I stopped writing about him, if I’d love him a little less.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Creating True Peace: Ending Violence in Yourself, Your Family, Your Community, and the World|If you do not know how to take care of yourself, and the violence in you, then you will not be able to take care of others. You must have love and patience before you can truly listen to your partner or child. If you are irritated you cannot listen. You have to know how to breath mindfully, embrace your irritation and transform it. Offer ONLY understand and compassion to your partner or child - This is the true practice of love. 
David Smail, Power, Interest and Psychology: Elements of a Social Materialist Understanding of Distress|People can and often do ignore or deny their common humanity with others, or deny, at least implicitly, that their common humanity commits them to sympathy or compassion for those less advantaged than themselves. Indeed, such an attitude towards one's fellows can be represented as tough, uncompromising, positively heroic: the supermen versus the wimps. But just as this ruthless world may be chosen - as it is chosen by the current rulers of the globalised neo-liberal market - so if may also be rejected.
Salma Hayek|In everyday life, I like APC, Isabel Marant, but I also like Zara. It depends how I'm feeling on the day. I like clothes that have a certain strength to them - simple but graphic.
Joan Jett|Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.
T.B. Schmid|From Bralloc’s mounted position he could see over the heads of most of his men, but the thickening darkness of evening coupled with the storm made it impossible to see more than a few yards. He jerked at the reins and swung his horse around, pushing into the crowd. The large grey charger was nearly as mean-spirited as her owner; she snorted and bucked her head, then nipped, stomped and shoved her way through, giving every indication that she was enjoying herself. His men drew to either side, and the crawling excitement in Bralloc’s belly became an angry swarm of insects. The scout – the ballsy woman whose name he could never remember - stood several paces away. Bralloc paid her no heed, however, and the mixture of nervousness, relief and fear on her face didn’t even register in his mind: his eyes were locked on the captive at her side. His lips twitched into a smile and he licked them, like a ghoul eyeing a fresh corpse. He forced himself to move slowly, deliberately – sucking each individual drop of marrow from the bones of his anticipation..."-From 'Feral
P.C. Hodgell, God Stalk|A face stared up at her from the mirror beside her hand. Was that really what she looked like? Was that really what she looked like, all sharp lines and huge silver-grey eyes? Certainly, no one would ever call those features beautiful, Jame thought ruefully; but were they really enough like a boy's to have fooled that old man the alley? Well, maybe with that long black hair out of sight under a cap. It was a very young face and a defiant one, she thought with a odd sense of detachment, but frightened, too. And those extraordinary eyes... what memories lived in them that she could not share? Stranger, where have you been she asked silently. What have you seen? The thin lips locked in their secrets."Ahhh!" Jame said in sudden disgust, tossing away the mirror. Fool, to be obsessed with a past she couldn't even remember. But it was all behind her now.
Look Im A Cat|If you should read, begin with Holy Scriptures.
John Updike|To him, freedom was greater than love. She hated that. 	Because she had always thought that love was freedom.
Terry a O'Neal|Unless you're prepared to deal with the aftermath, never invite yourself to a situation where your presence is not requested or welcomed. Don't pull out a chair at someone else's table, then turn around and be hurt when you feel unwelcomed.
Barry Schwartz|on "idea technology"--Science creates ideas, science creates ways of understanding. And in the social sciences, ways of understanding ourselves. And they have an enormous influence on how we think, what we aspire to, and how we act. ......idea technology may be the most profoundly important technology that science gives us.......we do have to worry about the theories we have of human nature, because human nature will be changed by the theories we have that are designed to explain and help us understand human beings....it is only human nature to have a human nature that is very much the product of the society in which people live.--TED The way we think about work is broken
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|If there's one thing I can say when it's my time to look back over my glorious life is I lived, bravely and fiercly in the chaos of it all.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|We do not behave out of our identity, we behave out of our understanding of our identity in Christ.
Charles Dickens|Because if it is to spite her,' Biddy pursued, 'I should think -but you know best- that might be better and more independently done by caring nothing for her words. And if it is to gain her over, I should think -but you know best- she was not worth gaining over.
Claire Fontaine, Comeback: A Mother and Daughter's Journey Through Hell and Back|Japhy was considered an eccentric around the campus, which is the usual thing for campuses and college people to think whenever a real man appears on the scene - colleges being nothing but grooming schools for the middleclass non-identity which usually finds its perfect expression on the outskirts of the campus in rows of well-to-do houses with lawns and television sets in each living room with everybody looking at the same thing at the same time while the Japhies of the world go prowling in the wilderness to hear the voice crying in the wilderness, to find the ecstasy of the stars, to find the dark mysterious secret of the origin of faceless wonderless crapulous civilization.
Howard Jacobson|Dreams come true; without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|Be nice to yourself, for you deserve everything that you want!
Paul Theroux, The Great Railway Bazaar|Anything is possible on a train: a great meal, a binge, a visit from card players, an intrigue, a good night's sleep, and strangers' monologues framed like Russian short stories.
James Stein|When a friend introduced me to a Bach chaconne, he started by describing it by saying that it has 256 measures (256=2^8) divided into 4 sections of 64 measures (64=2^6), and I liked it even before I heard a single note.
Kristin Armstrong|Those golden minutes before you are completely awake, when your mind is just drifting, you have no censorship; you are ready to develop any kind of idea. That's when I come up with the best and worst ideas. That is the privilege of being a writer - that you can stay in bed for an hour in the morning and it's work time.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|For twenty-one years, I have been paralyzed by the fear of what this society will do with me if they ever were to know of the thoughts that I continually push away. For more than two decades, I have made a choice to be straight. After all, it’s as easy as making a choice, isn’t it? This culture has made sure that I know that. Anyone who is anything other than straight was just someone deceived by the devil. He is unnatural. He is confused. He is mistaken. He is weak. He can control it if he desires to control it. Such a compelling and ongoing argument has been made that I have always trusted it.I believed that if I hid it long enough, and ran from it long enough, and refused to acknowledge it for long enough, I could indeed succeed at living up to their decrees. I believed that I could force myself to never be anything else.
James Russell Lowell|Running helped me learn how to deal with failure, and failure is a big part of the Internet business.
Ilsa Madden-Mills, Very Bad Things|Because when you cared about people, you handed them a little piece of your heart, and with those hands, they had the power to cause pain.
Cassandra Page, Isla's Inheritance|She leaned in, a tip she had read today on HuffPo’s Love & Sex section. Boobs out, smile wide, voice low. Being sexy was exhausting.
David Eddings, King of the Murgos|The old man was peering intently at the shelves. 'I'll have to admit that he's a very competent scholar.'Isn't he just a librarian?' Garion asked, 'somebody who looks after books?'That's where all the rest of scholarship starts, Garion. All the books in the world won't help you if they're just piled up in a heap.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|This kindness, this stupid kindness, is what is most truly human in a human being. It is what sets man apart, the highest achievement of his soul. No, it says, life is not evil!This kindness is both senseless and wordless. It is instinctive, blind. When Christianity clothed it in the teachings of the Church Fathers, it began to fade; its kernel became a husk. It remains potent only while it is dumb and senseless, hidden in the living darkness of the human heart – before it becomes a tool or commodity in the hands of preachers, before its crude ore is forged into the gilt coins of holiness. It is as simple as life itself. Even the teachings of Jesus deprived it of its strength.But, as I lost faith in good, I began to lose faith even in kindness. It seemed as beautiful and powerless as dew. What use was it if it was not contagious?How can one make a power of it without losing it, without turning it into a husk as the Church did? Kindness is powerful only while it is powerless. If Man tries to give it power, it dims, fades away, loses itself, vanishes.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|[A man] finds in himself a talent which with the help of some culture might make him a useful man in many respects. But he finds himself in comfortable circumstances and prefers to indulge in pleasure rather than to take pains in enlarging and improving his happy natural capacities. He asks, however, whether his maxim of neglect of his natural gifts, besides agreeing with his inclination to indulgence, agrees also with what is called duty. He sees then that a system of nature could indeed subsist with such a universal law, [where] men... let their talents rest and resolve to devote their lives merely to idleness, amusement, and propagation of their species - in a word, to enjoyment; but he cannot possibly will that this should be a universal law of nature, or be implanted in us as such by a natural instinct. For, as a rational being, he necessarily wills that his faculties be developed, since they serve him, and have been given him, for all sorts of possible purposes.
Donna Tartt|This was a plunge encompassing sorrow and revulsion far beyond the personal: a sick, drenching nausea at all humanity and human endeavor from the dawn of time. The writhing loathsomeness of the biological order. Old age, sickness, death. No escape for anyone. Even the beautiful ones were like soft fruit about to spoil. And yet somehow people still kept fucking and breeding and popping out new fodder for the grave, producing more and more new beings to suffer like this was some kind of redemptive, or good, or even somehow morally admirable thing: dragging more innocent creatures into the lose-lose game.
Immanuel Kant|We have seen, therefore, that I am not allowed even to *assume*, for the sake of the necessary practical use of my reason *God, freedom, immortality*, unless at the same time *I deprive* speculative reason of its pretensions to transcendent insights. Reason, namely, in order to arrive at these, must employ principles which extend only to objects of possible experience, and which, if in spite of this they are applied also to what cannot be an object of experience, actually always change this into an appearance, thus rendering all practical *expansion* of pure reason impossible. Hence I had to suspend *knowledge* in order to make room for *belief*. For the dogmatism of metaphysics without a preceding critique of pure reason, is the source of all that disbelief which opposes morality and which is always very dogmatic." ―from_Critique of Pure Reason_. Preface to the Second Edition. Translated, edited, and with an Introduction by Marcus Weigelt, based on the translation by Max Müller, pp. 25-26
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|We came all this way to explore the moon, and the most important thing is that we discovered the earth.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Let there be spaces in your togetherness, And let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music. Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping. For only the hand of Life can contain your hearts. And stand together, yet not too near together: For the pillars of the temple stand apart, And the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow.
Neil Gaiman, The Truth Is a Cave in the Black Mountains|Beirut is the Elizabeth Taylor of cities: insane, beautiful, falling apart, aging, and forever drama laden.She'll also marry any infatuated suitor who promises to make her life more comfortable, no matter how inappropriate he is.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|That’s the attractive thing about war,” said Rosewater. “Absolutely everybody gets a little something.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Wild TimesSince Mexico accepted communism as a legitimate political party during the 1920’s and allowed refugees greater flexibility of thought, it became a haven from persecution. Moreover, living in Mexico was less costly than most countries, the weather was usually sunny and no one objected to the swinging lifestyle that many of the expats engaged in. It was for these reasons that Julio Mella from Cuba, Leon Trotsky from Russia and others sought refuge there. It also attracted many actors, authors and artists from the United States, many of whom were Communist or, at the very least were “Fellow Travelers” and had leftist leanings. Although the stated basic reason for the Communist Party’s existence was to improve conditions for the working class, it became a hub for the avant-garde, who felt liberated socially as well as politically. The bohemian enclave of Coyoacán now a part of Mexico City, where Frida Kahlo was born, was located just east of San Angel which at the time was a district of the ever expanding City. It also became the gathering place for personalities such as the American actor Orson Welles, the beautiful actress Dolores del Río, the famous artist Diego Rivera and his soon-to-be-wife, “Frida,” who became and is still revered as the illustrious matriarch of Mexico.
Henry Ward Beecher|If you wish to be out front, then act as if you were behind.
Jon Gresham, We Rose Up Slowly|We weren’t happy together but we lived in a state of easy, mild contentment. We shared everything except the stupid fucking secret hanging round your neck. I imagined tiny photographs: portraits in sepia of your parents, their faces partially obscured by goitres. Meanwhile, maybe not tomorrow, maybe not next year, maybe not even in a decade from now but one day: the planet would fall apart.
Walt Whitman|God is a mean-spirited, pugnacious bully bent on revenge against His children for failing to live up to his impossible standards.
Gustave Flaubert, November|Everyone, either from modesty or egotism, hides away the best and most delicate of his soul’s possessions; to gain the esteem of others, we must only ever show our ugliest sides; this is how we keep ourselves on the common level
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|One day you will tell me how to change what I cannot yet describe without my words swelling HUGE, vowels vanishing, tears washing ink away.
Venus Williams|I'm no longer an artist, I'm a business partner.
Roselynn Randerod, Remote Resort: Runaway|The better angels of his nature told him that he wasn’t a good enough man to be her first, but the heaviness that was settling in his balls gave the devil a distinct advantage, demanding that he at least give it a try.
Avery Flynn, His Undercover Princess|I'm not an easy man, not even for forty-eight hours."Keeping her gaze locked on his face, she stroked the hard outline of his dick with the tip of her fingernail. "Good thing I like things hard.
Robert Bloch|Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|We are members of one great body, planted by nature…. We must consider that we were born for the good of the whole
Matshona Dhliwayo|In temples you find religion, but in hearts you find God.
