Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|Men killed, and died, because they were embarrassed not to.
Mitch Kapor|There is a shortage of doctors, and the American Medical Association is aiming to keep it that way.
James Edwin Gunn, The Immortals|More important, it's because God is our only true source of life.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|I wanted to cry but I didn't, I probably should have cried, I should have drowned us there in the room ending our suffering.
Kamand Kojouri|If your mind can move mountainsand swallow gods,Why does it worry with helpless yesterdays and unborn tomorrows?If it can vomit starsand walk on split hairs,Why must it follow the samepath to despair?Everyone will tell you:'An orgasm here is just as good.
CJ Cherryh|He stood over her for a time, simply looking at her as he willed himself to climb into bed, and he knew doing so would make it utterly impossible to hate her. She looked so innocent and vulnerable as she dreamt, and it was difficult to hate someone once you had seen them sleeping.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|O Heavenly Children, God's messengers are as limitless as the fish in the sea. They come in all colors, regions, languages and creeds. But their message is one and the same, don't you see? He only wishes to unite all His children under one family tree.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|The right seeks release from liberal notions of what they should feel--happy for the gay newlywed, sad at the plight of the Syrian refugee, resentful to pay taxes. The left sees prejudice.
Amitabh Bachchan|Books are up against TV and movies and video games and a multimedia society that is so busy that people don't have contemplative time any more. I worry deeply about this. In fact, I worry about everything all the time. I used to be a punk. All I wanted to do was tear everything down, and that was so much easier.
Bill Flores|Someday, somehow, the leadership of Planned Parenthood will have to answer for their callous disregard of the sanctity of human life. In the meantime, I am relieved that the Bryan abortion facility has gone out of business.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Through love, you see the whole world, not just people, differently.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|My mother has made choices in her life, as we all must, and she is at peace with them. I can see her peace. She did not cop out on herself. The benefits of her choices are massive-a long, stable marriage to a man she still calls her best friend; a family that has extended now into grandchildren who adore her; a certainty in her own strength. Maybe some things were sacrificed, and my dad made his sacrifices, too-but who amongst us lives without sacrifice?
Ava Farmehri, Through the Sad Wood Our Corpses Will Hang|It’s not that I don’t believe in God, it’s simply that I doubt His kindness. I am suspicious of His motives. There is no logical (or illogical for that matter) evidence to prove that God truly is who He claims to be, or what His followers claim Him to be: omniscient, all-hearing, merciful… In fact, all evidence points in the opposite direction.
Max McKeown, The Innovation Book: How to Manage Ideas and Execution for Outstanding Results|Plug into the anti-obvious power of the rebel. Or get those opposing minds to plug into your purpose, to solve your problem, to reimagine your process.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Freeing yourself was one thing, claiming ownership of that freed self was another.
Claudia Gray, Stargazer|Not until the creation and maintenance of decent conditions of life for all people are recognized and accepted as a common obligation of all people and all countries - not until then shall we, with a certain degree of justification, be able to speak of humankind as civilized.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|Jusging by the sour glance she threw on me as she said this, I concluded that I represented those 'late changes' to which all the sorrows of the house were referred. I felt unhappy under the ill-will even of this odious old woman, being one of those unhappily constructed mortals who cannot be indifferent when they reasonably ought, and always yearn after kindness, even that of the worthless.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Our world needs less gurus, and more teachers. Gurus are about helping themselves become successful. Teachers are about helping others become successful.
Alex Flinn|I love them, they are so nice and selfish. Dogs are TOO good and unselfish. They make me feel uncomfortable. But cats are gloriously human.
Gilles Deleuze|You should have noticed by now, sometimes a monster looks just like any other man.
Bill Knott|If you are still alive when you read this,close your eyes. I amunder their lids, growing black.
Frederick Buechner|In solitude, you listen to sacred voice.
Mark Pocan|To be successful in real estate, you must always and consistently put your clients' best interests first. When you do, your personal needs will be realized beyond your greatest expectations.
Katy Evans, Real|I feel claimed and bonded to him like animals do. I feel like I've already been caught and trapped and he's merely priming me, leaving me to simmer in my juices, anxiously waiting for the moment when he takes his first bite of me.
Amitav Ghosh, The Hungry Tide|I had a book in my hands to while away the time and it occurred to me that in a way a landscape is not unlike a book - a compilation of pages that overlap without two ever being the same. People open the book according to their taste and training, their memories and desires. On occasion these pages are ruled with lines that are invisible to some people, while being for others, as real, as charged and as volatile as high-voltage cables.
Connie Willis, All Clear|We all of us die, Miss Smallwood,' he interrupted. 'But we don't all of us make our lives count for something. How much better to die saving another soul than to stand safe on shore and do nothing while others perish?
Francis Bacon|We are approaching a new age of synthesis. Knowledge cannot be merely a degree or a skill... it demands a broader vision, capabilities in critical thinking and logical deduction without which we cannot have constructive progress.
Garry Kasparov, Winter Is Coming: Why Vladimir Putin and the Enemies of the Free World Must Be Stopped|Someone once joked, Hell is other people. But the truth is that connection to other people can be sacred. Why else did God give so many people life? (Adam was't enough.) Or more simply, why else would He design hands that so perfectly clasp?
Quintus Tullius Cicero|I know war as few other men now living know it, and nothing to me is more revolting. I have long advocated its complete abolition, as its very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a method of settling international disputes.
Raymond Kelly|Would it not be much better to have a president who deliberately lied to the people because he thought a war was essential than to have one who was so dumb as to be taken in by intelligence agencies, especially those who told him what he wanted to hear?
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If you are a sensitive person, you don’t give flowers to others, because you know that the flowers – these miraculous beauties and the wondrous jewels of our cosmos – excessively deserve to live!
Marina Lewycka, A Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian|As Romeo and Juliet found to their cost, marriage is never just about two people falling in love, it is about families.
Mahatma Gandhi|The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace.
Alexander Osterwalder|The biggest hurdle is rejection. Any business you start, be ready for it. The difference between successful people and unsuccessful people is the successful people do all the things the unsuccessful people don't want to do. When 10 doors are slammed in your face, go to door number 11 enthusiastically, with a smile on your face.
Lou Boudreau|In my public service, I treasure my friendship with law enforcement officers. I admire what they do and support them in every aspect of their job. I have always looked upon law enforcement officers as my friends.
Erin Hunter, The Last Hope|There is a language for every heart, you just need to master one.
Jerry Spinelli, Maniac Magee|Amanda took the torn page from Maniac. To her, it was the broken wing of a bird, a pet out in the rain.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|As more and more artificial intelligence is entering into the world, more and more emotional intelligence must enter into leadership.
Frank A. Worsley, Endurance|Our sole illumination was a dim and foul-smellingblubber lamp, which really only served to make thedarkness visible.
Michelle Obama|Empower yourselves with a good education, then get out there and use that education to build a country worthy of your boundless promise.
Dee Williams|We were taught not to offer or invite aid, because, like it or not, helping is a messy, confused proposition; sometimes you get it right and sometimes you get it wrong, and sometimes you have no choice but to trust that the man holding your tire iron, cussing at your old lug nuts, is a deeply kind human after all.
Cassandra Clare|What sort of a book would you like to read next?" she asked.
Jinat Rehana Begum|The measure of a man’s character may be the manner in which he treats the one who can do him no good, but the measure of his heart is the manner in which he loves the one who has hurt him. He who is unloving in his pain was never really loving in his happiness.
C. JoyBell C.|I have a motto that if something isn’t blatantly impossible, then there must be a way of doing it.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|I know of no significant advance in science that did not require major inputs from both cerebral hemispheres. This is not true for art, where apparently there are no experiments by which capable, dedicated and unbiased observers can determine to their mutual satisfaction which works are great.
Eartha Kitt|It's show business. No show, no business.
P.G. Wodehouse|My Aunt Dahlia, who runs a woman's paper called Milady's Boudoir, had recently backed me into a corner and made me promise to write her a few words for her "Husbands and Brothers" page on "What the Well-Dressed Man is Wearing". I believe in encouraging aunts, when deserving; and, as there are many worse eggs than her knocking about the metrop, I had consented blithely. But I give you my honest word that if I had had the foggiest notion of what I was letting myself in for, not even a nephew's devotion would have kept me from giving her the raspberry. A deuce of a job it had been, taxing the physique to the utmost. I don't wonder now that all these author blokes have bald heads and faces like birds who have suffered.
Wes Moore, Forcefully Advancing|From the pastor who has an affair with his secretary, to the jerk at the office who happens to be a deacon, to the overbearing boss who can’t miss his Monday night Bible study, Christians today cause more problems for the gospel than all the devil’s demons put together.
John C. Maxwell|Many a man curses the rain that falls upon his head, and knows not that it brings abundance to drive away the hunger.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|The truth is, we never know what life will bring us and we don't have as much control as we might think we have. But we CAN choose how we walk through life and how we spend our time.
Wendy Webb, The Tale of Halcyon Crane|Before I lost my father, I never understood the rituals surrounding funerals: the wake, the service itself, the reception afterward,the dinners prepared by well-meaning friends and delivered in plastic containers, even the popular habit of making poster boards filled with photos of the dear departed. But now I know why we do those things. It's busywork, all of it. I had so much to take care of, so many arrangements to make, so many people to inform, I didn't have a moment to be engulfed by the ocean of grief that was lapping at my heels. Instead, I waded through the shallows, performing task after task, grateful to have duties to propel me forward.
William Blake, The Complete Poems|To do something very common, in my own way.
Bjorn Borg|For a true writer, each book should be a new beginning where he tries again for something that is beyond attainment. He should always try for something that has never been done or that others have tried and failed. Then sometimes, with great luck, he will succeed.
John Paul Warren|There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and Shepherds. Cowboys drive and Shepherds lead.
Scott Douglas|You can’t learn to write in college. It’s a very bad place for writers because the teachers always think they know more than you do—and they don’t. They have prejudices. They may like Henry James, but what if you don’t want to write like Henry James? They may like John Irving, for instance, who’s the bore of all time. A lot of the people whose work they’ve taught in the schools for the last thirty years, I can’t understand why people read them and why they are taught. The library, on the other hand, has no biases. The information is all there for you to interpret. You don’t have someone telling you what to think. You discover it for yourself.
William Bridge|As it is the sister of reading, so it is the mother of prayer. Though a man's heart be much indisposed to prayer, yet, if he can but fall into a meditation of God, and the things of God, his heart will soon come off to prayer....Begin with reading or hearing. Go on with meditation; end in prayer....Reading without meditation is unfruitful; meditation without reading is hurtful; to meditate and to read without prayer upon both, is without blessing.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Then on the River I saw the dream-built ship of the god Yoharneth-Lehai, whose great prow lifted grey into the air above the River of Silence. Her timbers were olden dreams dreamed long ago, and poets' fancies made her tall, straight masts, and her rigging was wrought out of the people's hopes. Upon her deck were rowers with dream-made oars, and the rowers were the people of men's fancies, and princes of old story and people who had died, and people who had never been.
Josh Lieb, I am a Genius of Unspeakable Evil and I Want to Be Your Class President|If she knew me as I really am she would despise me, and certainly not aid or abet my evil designs. To veil their vices from the sight of the good is the only resource of those who are not blind and know themselves to be vicious.' Thus was I confirmed in habits of hypocrisy; and these, for a time, worked only too effectually to my advantage.
mr. sid|The Best Part Of Missing You Is, "I Recall Every Single Moment Spent With You."Bt The Worst Part Is,"I Miss You So Badly.
David Levithan, Every Day|And in this quiet moment, as I close my eyes, spent and sated, I think I'm in the eye of the storm. And in spite of all he's said and what he hasn't said, I don't think I have ever been so happy.
John Donne, The Complete Poetry and Selected Prose|Yet nothing can to nothing fall,Nor any place be empty quite;Therefore I think my breast hath allThose pieces still, though they be not unite;And now, as broken glasses showA hundred lesser faces, soMy rags of heart can like, wish, and adore,But after one such love, can love no more.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Once for all God made complete and perfect provision for the cure of man’s sins; without the blood of Christ, it is indeed a fatal disease.
Sherry Turkle|An awful lot of successful technology companies ended up being in a slightly different market than they started out in. Microsoft started with programming tools, but came out with an operating system. Oracle started doing contracts for the CIA. AOL started out as an online video gaming network.
V.E. Schwab|He suffered," added Athos softly. "But not like you." He brought his mouth closer. "No one suffers as beautifully as you." There it was, in the corner of Holland's mouth, the crease of his eye. Anger. Pain. Defiance. Athos smiled, victorious.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|The sea was no stranger to the rock on the beach. The sea came often to the rock, rushing up wetly against its warm grey, and always as it swept away it took an infinitesimal part of the rock with it. The rock had known the waves for a long time, and learned it was in its nature to erode.
George Santayana|The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.
Marlo Thomas|As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend.
CeeLo Green|Growing up the way I grew up, food was scarce. So when you had an opportunity to eat, you ate. When I graduated from high school and went to college, I weighed 160 pounds. So, I knew I had to put on the weight. I ate everything from fried food to fried chicken wings. When I came to Green Bay, I did the same thing because I was 172 pounds.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|So…while we’re sitting here on this luxury yacht enjoying our bread and water, why doesn’t someone tell me the plan?
Shiv Nadar|The sad fact is, because we've had a failed policy and failed leadership, now we're having to rely on Russians and the Iranians to go into Syria to fight and destroy ISIS.
Brian Logan Dales|And if the day I die they ask me just how heaven was, I'll be glad I spent it with you.
Dhaval Gajera, MAKE IT HAPPEN: with 30 greatest life lessons|When your dream doesn't let you sleep even after 22 hours of waking up, it's worth chasing.
Alanna Rusnak, The Church in the Wildwood|That’s the way Chris lives, warning everyone who gets close of the lightning that may strike. Never touch anything, never make a mark. But Anatole can’t live that way. The world’s too lonely a place: he has to touch things, he has to put his arms around them.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Ich lehre euch den Übermenschen. Der Mensch ist Etwas, das überwunden werden soll. Was habt ihr gethan, ihn zu überwinden? Was ist der Affe für en Menschen? Ein Gelächter oder eine schmerzliche Scham. Und ebendas soll der Mensch für den Übermenschen sein: ein Gelächter oder eine schmerzliche Scham. Ihr habt den Weg vom Wurme zum Menschen gemacht, und Vieles ist in euch noch Wurm. Einst wart ihr Affen, und auch jetzt ist der Mensch mehr Affe, als irgend ein Affe.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|Shelley, you think she'll take me back?" Alex asks her, his hair dangerously close to her fingers. She doesn't pull his hair . . . just pats his head gently. I feel the tears running down my cheeks at full speed."Yeah!" Shelley yells with a goofy, gummy grin. She looks happier and more content than she's been in a long time. Both of my favorite people are with me right here; what more could I ask for?
Michael Hayden|Do you know what absolute happiness is? For me, it is to wake up my kids in the morning - these little pieces of innocence - to wake them and find they're so happy to see me! It is unequivocal love, no question about it.
Kenya Wright, The Muse|Art isn’t a means for income when it comes to Hex. He would do it if he was trapped on an island by himself or the richest man in the world. For him, art is like breathing. He just has to do it.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|God is powerful. Even those who claim not to believe in him fear him. Though their mouths may confess to disbelieve in him, their hearts yearn for him.
Jaye Beeler, Tasting & Touring Michigan's Homegrown Food: A Culinary Roadtrip|[T]here's a thin line separating the delicate from the bloodless, in art as in food.
Rosita Forbes|The perfect journey is never finished, the goal is always just across the next river, round the shoulder of the next mountain. There is always one more track to follow, one more mirage to explore.
Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes|I have suffered great losses and have been blessed with great consolations, but whatever life may give me or take away, this is the simple wisdom that will always light my life: I have loved, passionately, fearlessly, with all my heart and all my soul, and I have been loved in return. For me, this is enough.
Graham Greene|Despair is the price one pays for setting oneself an impossible aim. It is, one is told, the unforgivable sin, but it is a sin the corrupt or evil man never practices. He always has hope. He never reaches the freezing-point of knowing absolute failure. Only the man of goodwill carries always in his heart this capacity for damnation.
Joshua Jackson|It took me years to understand that words are often as important as experience, because words make experience last.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|Angels of highest light and love,  Angels that radiate beams of pure energy from the heavens above.Please join us and be with us on this very night, As the soul of our beloved joins you in flight.We pray that you send this soul embraced in your lovely wings, During his journey may he hear harps, and trumpets and strings.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|My mother's last word to me clanks inside me like an iron bell that someone beats at dinnertime: love, love, love, love, love.
Anastasia Bolinder|Starting out a new day gives hope for new adventures, villains and hero's to cross your path. Make the most of it.
Ricky Gervais|In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth . . . Then he said, "Let there be light." Which means he made the entire universe in the dark! How fucking good is that? He's brilliant.
John Banville, The Infinities|What are we, if not an accumulation of our memories?
Aaron W. Matthews|Where God's grace takes you, grace will increase your capability and your capacity. Grace will empower you.
Anna von der Goltz|They need only to look at him, hear his name, and the last of reason goes up in smoke. They sink into a state of befuddlement.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|What is hope? Like love, it is hard to define, but easy to recognize, a state of being that compels us to go on. It is a feeling that we have what we need to continue our journey to the next moment.
Vyacheslav Ivanov, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|You will go far in the Church.""I have no desire to go far. My only ambition is to be a good priest.""You will be that, of course. Nevertheless, you will go higher. And do you know why?”“Why?”“Because,” said Orselli, “you are not afraid of worldliness. I do not mean that you are worldly. Far from it. But you have a talent for being all things to all men.
Earnest Hemingway|The Sieves of time, filter out the fakes from the real.Don't look back for them, they were filtered out for your refinement.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|In order to protect their good names for posterity, many writers never wrote what they thought or the truth as it stood. That's why truth still lies hidden in matters of power, sex and religion. No wonder they chose to do so, many who dared paid with their heads
Marquis de Sade, Philosophy in the Boudoir or, The Immoral Mentors|The imagination serves us only when the mind is absolutely free of any prejudice. A single prejudice suffices to cool off the imagination. This whimsical part of the mind is so unbridled as to be uncontrollable. Its greatest triumphs, its most eminent delights consist in smashing all the restraints that oppose it. Imagination is the enemy of all norms, the idolater of all disorder and of all that bears the color of crime.
Tracey Bond|Everyone cannot elevate or even revelate at the same time and/or season; an appointment to elevation can result from being specially chosen...like fruit that is ready, ripe and refined for its pleasurable taste.Even scriptural wisdom documents that "Many are called, few are chosen."Those chosen 'few' may deeply sense that at the core function of elevation is an acension both to and from a higher positioned calling for it...a destiny appointment that will be met without haste...separation has the ability to confirm that elevation has its own appointment...prompted by the foreknowledge of a most SUPER natural selection.
Thomas French, Zoo Story: Life in the Garden of Captives|If a person fights, that's their own choice," Angel says. "But getting two roosters to fight or two dogs like pit bulls to fight, the animals don't have a choice there. They can't decide not to fight.
Ainun Annisa|Other thoughtful year-round gestures to staff included silver picture frames for wedding anniversaries, flowers to ailing spouses, additional checks for medical bills and even a pet dog
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|A steampunk nationBaby pollution rises up then the loving comes arraigning 'causeOur art's official and only partially artificialAnd our heart's in the middle of sharp hardened shards of metal butThere's not where it settlesBecause it's beating to the steaming of God's hottest pot or kettleAnd now we face it, this creation we made toTo save our craving for a synthetic rebelnation it'sOur safeway they make into a pathetic revelationIn our steampunk nationOur steampunk nation
John Stoltenberg, Refusing to be a Man: Essays on Sex and Justice|If you look at all the variables in nature that are saidto determine human “sex,” you can’t possibly find one that will unequivocally split the species into two. Each of the so-called criteria of sexedness is itself a continuum—including chromosomal variables, genital and gonadal variations,reproductive capacities, endocrinological proportions, and any other criterion you could think of. Any or all of these different variables may line up in any number of ways, and all of the variables may vary independently of one another.
Sanhita Baruah|A hand-rolled cigarette to smoke,Another one bought from the store.If he lights one, his mind's lit upAnother one burns a hole..
Val Uchendu|Only the ones whose hearts have been conquered by LOVE know the secret language of the eyes. Leave trails of love today, perhaps others might be brave enough to follow
Charles Bukowski, Women|There were no judgments to be made, yet out of necessity one had to select. Beyond good and evil was all right in theory, but to go on living one had to select: some were kinder than others, some were simply more interested in you, and sometimes the outwardly beautiful and inwardly cold were necessary. The kinder ones fucked better, really, and after you were around them a while they seemed beautiful because they were.
Sam Ervin|A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.
Tom Morello|A musician's or artist's responsibility is a simple one, and that is, through your music to tell the truth,
Sheena Iyengar, The Art of Choosing|Thanks to a vampire and a boatload of freaks and an invading alien horde, I’m Human again.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|[All the ancient wisdom] tells us that work is necessary to us, as much a part of our condition as mortality; that good work is our salvation and our joy; that shoddy or dishonest or self-serving work is our curse and our doom. We have tried to escape the sweat and sorrow promised in Genesis - only to find that, in order to do so, we must forswear love and excellence, health and joy.(pg. 44, "The Unsettling of America")
Rachael Allen|Sim sighed. "like Ross always said: Wish in one hand,shit in the other,and see which hand fills up first.
Jo Victor, Romance by the Book|Someone told me recently that a commentator or some sort had said, "The United States is in spiritual free-fall." When people make such remarks, such appalling judgements, they never include themselves, their friends, those with whom they agree. They have drawn, as they say, a bright line between an "us" and a "them." Those on the other side of the line are assumed to be unworthy of respect or hearing, and are in fact to be regarded as a huge problem to the "us" who presume to judge "them." This tedious pattern has repeated itself endlessly through human history and is, as I have said, the end of community and the beginning of tribalism.
Hubert Martin|She was poetry written in pen, scribbled and scrawled again and again. Ink splattered across the page. And within those scratched words, those small, sharp incisions, an image can be seen and you're left to wonder what, in the end, this all could mean.
Jessica Khoury, Origin|Acheron always says that our scars are there to remind us of out pasts, of where we've been and what we've gone through. But that pain doesn't have to drive or determine our future. We can rise about it if we let ourselves. It's not easy, but nothing in life ever is." -Sundown
Trent Lott|The case for freedom, the case for our constitutional principles the case for our heritage has to be made anew in each generation. The work of freedom is never done.
Julia Glass, The Whole World Over|Will wrestled with his conscience, grappled it to the ground and sat on it until he couldn't hear a squeak out of it.
Jaeda DeWalt|But Fin would always be a bit of a romantic, at least when it came to books.
Conan O'Brien|For many, graduation marks the end of formal student life - the end of long spring breaks and of thinking that a 10 A.M. class is far too early.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|Truth gains more even by the errors of one who, with due study and preparation, thinks for himself, than by the true opinions of those who only hold them because they do not suffer themselves to think…
Robert Rodríguez, Rebel Without a Crew, or How a 23-Year-Old Filmmaker With $7,000 Became a Hollywood Player|When given an opportunity, deliver excellence and never quit.
Tony Vigorito, Just a Couple of Days|My coming brought no profit to the sky,Nor does my going swell its glory;My two ears have never heard anyone that could say,Why I came here and why I will go away.
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|Fen looked mildly amused by my antics. In fact, he was just short of full-on laughing. "Don't snicker at me, wolf. Being naked in your arms..." As I said those words out loud, a kernel of heat seared through me, heat that had nothing at all to do with the scalding temperature of the water. "Well... let's just say it surprised me, okay? I wasn't expecting to be ... unclothed or ... alive, for that matter."	"Valkyrie, your nakedness does not bother me in the least." Did his eyes just flare a teensy bit? "It would've been counterproductive to heal you with your clothes on. What was left of them, anyway. I figured your life was worth more than your modesty." His lips went up in a cocky grin. "Plus, it kept me quite... focused on my task.
Helen Maryles Shankman|There’s no such thing as yesterday, he thought dully. Memory is just today, happening over and over again, stamped indelibly with regret.
Dalai Lama|I hope people understand that when you tax corporations that the concrete and the steel and the plastic don't pay. People pay. And so when you tax corporations, either the employees are going to pay or the shareholders are going to pay or the customers are going to pay. And so corporations are people.
Grace Slick|I don't happen to have a sense of humor personally, so I don't know what's funny about a character... This happens to be a feature of my life generally.
Joseph M. Chiron, Tagged: The Apocalypse|We never love a person after judging them because that's not love then, But today's life lesson is to judge a person before falling in love with that person, It's hard to trust anyone in this cruel world where all are determined to hurt you by any mean.
Patricia Tokarz|The above is stereotypical FMS rhetoric. It employs a formulaic medley of factual distortions, exaggerations, emotionally charged language and ideological codewords, pseudo-scientific assertions, indignant protestations of bigotry and persecution, mockering of religious belief, and the usual tiresome “witch hunt” metaphors to convince the reader that there can be no debating the merits of the case. No matter what the circumstances of the case, the syntax is always the same, and the plot line as predictable as a 1920's silent movie. Everyone accused of abuse is somehow the victim of overzealous religious fanatics, who make unwarranted, irrational, and self-serving charges, which are incredibly accepted uncritically by virtually all social service and criminal justice professionals assign to the case, who are responsible for "brainwashing" the alleged perpetrator or witnesses to the crime. This mysterious process of "mass hysteria" is then amplified in the media, which feeds back upon itself, which finally causes a total travesty of justice which the FMS people in the white hats are duty-bound to redress. By reading FMS literature one could easily draw the conclusion that the entire American justice system is no better than that of the rural south in the days of lynchings and the Ku Klux Klan. The Salem witch trials of the seventeenth century are always the touchstone for comparison.
Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life|Mogo living brings about true freedom. When you have the inner conviction to do the most good and the least harm, you are free to say no to media, social, and peer pressures. You are free from a nagging sense that your life does not have value or meaning. You are free to imagine and then create a truly successful (in the deepest meaning on the word) life. You are free to be at peace with yourself and all those whom your life touches.
Dennis Vickers, Between the Shadow and the Soul|Anything that makes you laugh, giggle or smile.. Do it again..
Laura Kreitzer, Keepers|Awe! Leaving so soon?” Gabby said sweetly, holding the door open. “I was just about to pull out the gun for you to play single-player Russian Roulette.
Basu Singh|Art is an imagination, crafted over innocent dreams and vibrant integrity.
Mary Karr|Having devoted the first half of my life to the dark, I feel obliged to rever any pinpoint of light now.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If ever a generation was bequeathed the knowledge of God, we were. Yet we are throwing away this glorious heritage on our lust and passions.
Atul Gawande|Someone or something that wastes your time, makes you lose a part of your life. One you can never get back.
Ayn Rand, The Early Ayn Rand: A Selection from Her Unpublished Fiction|Maybe I`m getting to the age when I`m starting to be senile or nostalgic or both, but people are so angry now. You used to be able to disagree with people and still be friends. Now you hear these talk shows, and everyone who believes differently from you is a moron and an idiot - both on the Right and the Left. 
Terence McKenna|A hallucination is to be in the presence of that which previously could not be imagined, and if it previously could not be imagined then there is no grounds for believing that you generated it out of yourself.
Dot Hutchison, A Wounded Name|Silence is the room we create for the searching of God, where we hear His voice and follow.
Stephenie Meyer, The Twilight Saga|She sees things — things that might happen, things that are coming. But it’s very subjective. The future isn’t set in stone. Things change.
Keith Ferrazzi|Recently thought of deleting my Facebook account and start using twitter, but realized it's not easy. Facebook has become like the boyfriend I no longer like but scared to dump because I've invested so much time in the relationship.
Johnny Van Zant|I wanted to be Cher for a long time, but not for the singing. I just thought she was so cool. I wanted her long hair, and I wanted to weigh five pounds.
Dick Van Dyke, My Lucky Life in and Out of Show Business|I didn't know the answers, but I could feel that the things that gave life meaning came from a place within and from the nurturing of values like tolerance, charity, and community.
Katlyn Charlesworth, While Rome Burned|In an empire as unruly as Rome, it is quite easy to get away with something as thespian as murder.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|I need a break after school," she told me later. "School is hard because a lot of people are in the room, so you get tired. I freak out if my mom plans a play date without telling me, because I don't want to hurt my friends' feelings. But I'd rather stay home. At a friend's house you have to do the things other people want to do. I like hanging out with my mom after school because I can learn from her. She's been alive longer than me. We have thoughtful conversations. I like having conversations because they make people happy.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|... the world can give you these glimpses as well as fairy tales can--the smell of rain, the dazzle of sun on white clapboard with the shadows of ferns and wash on the line, the wildness of a winter storm when in the house the flame of a candle doesn't even flicker.
Sitting Bull|That is the earth, he thought. Not a globe thousands of kilometers around, but a forest with a shining lake, a house hidden at the crest of a hill, high in the trees, a grassy slope leading upwards from the water, fish leaping and birds strafing to take the bugs that lived at the border between water and sky. Earth was the constant noise of crickets, and winds, and birds
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|In her daydreams, they aged miraculously, she still trim with a blond ponytail, standing next to her strong, tall husband with his thick, curly dark hair and straight white teeth. Money was never an issue.
M.R. Field, Splinters|Princess, the contents of your shoe closet would break the budgets of a lot of third world countries - Jake Malone
Gilbert Baker|No matter what has happened, you too have the power to enjoy yourself.
Juan Cole|We live in a democracy. We have this extraordinary opportunity to use our mind and say what we think, speak as we think. Sometimes what we say is objectionable to other people. But that is part of a free society.
Emma Michaels, Owlet|If you remember yourself, you will remember me. I am always a part of you. I am your mother.
Cory Booker|When you are insane, you are busy being insane - all the time.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|What’s supposed to be and what is, are two very different things.
Søren Kierkegaard|We had to learn ourselves and, furthermore, we had to teach the despairing men, that it did not really matter what we expected from life, but rather what life expected from us. We need to stop asking about the meaning of life, and instead to think of ourselves as those who were being questioned by life—hourly and daily. Our answer must consist not in talk and meditation, but in right action and in right conduct. Life ultimately means taking the responsibility to find the right answers to its problems and to fulfill the task which it constantly sets for each individual.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|I would venture to say that approaching the Christian Story from this direction, it has long been my feeling (a joyous feeling) that God redeemed the corrupt makingcreatures, men, in a way fitting to this aspect, as to others, of their strange nature. The Gospels contain a fairy-story, or a story of a larger kind which embraces all the essence of fairy-stories. They contain many marvels—peculiarly artistic, beautiful, and moving: ‘mythical’ in their perfect, self-contained significance; and among the marvels is the greatest and most complete conceivable eucatastrophe. But this story has entered History and the primary world; the desire and aspiration of sub-creation has been raised to the fulfillment of Creation. The Birth of Christ is the eucatastrophe of Man’s history. The Resurrection is the eucatastrophe of the story of the Incarnation. This story begins and ends in joy. It has pre-eminently the ‘inner consistency of reality’. There is no tale ever told that men would rather find was true, and none which so many sceptical men have accepted as true on its own merits. For the Art of it has the supremely convincing tone of Primary Art, that is, of Creation. To reject it leads either to sadness or to wrath.
Amine Fatmi|I remember touching her hand for the first time. I remember kissing her angelic soft lips for the first time . Everything seemed so easy , everything seemed possible . She smiled at me and flew away
Katie Klein, Cross My Heart|Don't stay away from me anymore."I stop myself, just barely, from telling him I won't. I can't promise that. Can't
Hans Christian Andersen, The Complete Fairy Tales|Just living is not enough," said the butterfly, "one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
Ariel Levy|What peace it must be to know that someone is yours, no matter what - it is ordained, can never be otherwise.
Kevin Keenoo|When success seeps into every dimension of your life, small minds and big talkers grow so displeased and powerless that they often resort to cheap acts; but little do they know that kingdoms can be conquered, not kings.
Debasish Mridha|You may be born thousands of years from today, but I really love and care about you. You are my kin and my reflection. Through my writings I want to change humanity for the better so that you can live and enjoy a better life. That is my purpose in life.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|Unni will come, if not today, then tomorrow. Today is nearly gone, but other todays stir fecund in the word tomorrow, many other todays when this one has lapsed from existence. And because I think of Unni, invoking his name in this for ever recurrent today, already he is here for me." - The Mountain is Young
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are completely surrounded by the enemies, this proves that you are damn stupid in matters of making friends and such a stupidity, such a miserable clumsiness is your biggest enemy!
David Foster Wallace, The Pale King|It's funny how when you're little, you miss all the little lies. They float right past you, but you don't wonder about them much. For a long time, you think this is just something adults still do after being kids - pretend. Then one day you wake up and realize most of the world you're in is built on someone's make-believe.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|She wished she could visit Mariam's grave, to sit with her awhile, leave a flower or two. But she sees now that it doesn't matter. Mariam is never very far.... Mariam is in her own heart, where she shines with the bursting radiance of a thousand suns.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|Sometimes I feel like I’m losing my mind,” she said with a hintof sadness.“You lost your mind a long time ago,” he said seriously. She looked at him with indignation. “That’s a compliment for anyone who knows the freedom and clarity of losing their mind,” he reaffirmed her.
Moon Unit Zappa|Around age 40 I put on twenty pounds. I had always had a perfect metabolism. But, my metabolism betrayed me as it does most people, except a very rare few who will always be thin.
John Kuypers, The Non Judgmental Christian: Five Lessons That Will Revolutionize Your Relationships|I got you a present.""Did you?""It's a book of poetry--romancy stuff. I thought, 'How schmaltzy is that,' so it seemed like the thing. Then I screwed up and left it in my desk at work
Radhika Mukherjee, Broken Shadows|In Ruin City, in the rain, the sound of melancholy is a buzzing maelstrom of quiet desperation. The shatter has been so great, there is no sound left to despair.
Fred Seibert|I can't wait for my little sisters to start dating, because it will really be fun to pick on their boyfriends.
George Saunders|evolution is not progress, that there is no ‘goal’ or direction to evolution. Evolution is change. Evolution ‘succeeds’ if that change best adapts some leaf or branch of its tree of life to conditions of the universe.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I have hope, therefore, I am happy
Michael  Rogers, Tales Of|You showed me that even the smallest of people can have the loudest of words.” (Rachael Taylor, 2018).
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|After having been standing by the gate of the garden for a long time, Siddhartha realised that his desire was foolish, which had made him go up to this place, that he could not help his son, that he was not allowed to cling him. Deeply, he felt the love for the run-away in his heart, like a wound, and he felt at the same time that this wound had not been given to him in order to turn the knife in it, that it had to become a blossom and had to shine.
Marvin Bower|I believe in the 'Wal-Mart' school of business. The less people pay, the more they enjoy it.
Michael Phelps|While we see the course of the final abolition of human slavery is onward, & we give it the aid of our prayers & all justifiable means in our power, we must leave the progress as well as the result in his hands who sees the end; who chooses to work by slow influences; & with whom two thousand years are but as a single day.
Thomas Merton|When the path ignites a soul,there's no remaining in place.The foot touches ground,but not for long.
Jenny Trout, Ashes to Ashes|I am sorry the only outlet for her troubled mind was in clumsy foreplay with an inadequate partner."He threw the rest of her sandwich at the swinging door as she passed through it.
Katee Robert, Seducing the Bridesmaid|Well darlin’, I fuck who I want to. And right now that’s you.
Chen-Ning Yang|Through the years I have seen myself as a peaceful person, but the awareness of the anger is part of that process.
Faiz Triumph|A Snake(passion) inside a man drive him for a Journey(Success), and its just happened one day !!
Kim Cormack|As her vision flickered one last time, the man was gone; it was her mother looking into her eyes.Her mother’s eyes were filled with so much love that it seemed to release her from her pain and fear as it did when she was a small child. Her mother cradled her as a baby, rocking her back and forth. She was safe now in her mother’s arms. She was at peace. Mommy, her heart sang, you’re here to save me.
John Green, Double On-Call and Other Stories|A mother is the person who takes care of you when you're sick. The one who holds you when you're afraid. The one who follows the bus to school on the first day to make sure you made it okay. I have only one mother, Nana; he just happens to be my father, too.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The Blessing #1:May your eyes be profitable,may your ears be dutiful,may your tongue be insightful,may your hands be successful.May your mind be fruitful,may your heart be blissful,may your soul be joyful,may your life be peaceful.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat Pray Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia|Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Himmilicious|Ultimately, wasn’t dance a whispered question? A story told through the position of a foot, the tilt of a head, the touch of a hand, the brush of an eye. A rite of passage. A claiming.
John  Mole, It's All Greek to Me!: A Tale of a Mad Dog and an Englishman, Ruins, Retsina--and Real Greeks|I prefer not to elaborate on the various stages of our dealings over the next few days - disbelief, anger, recrimination, the raking up of old sores, bitter silence and so on - but I can say that they gave lasting strength to our relationship, like a thick scar is stronger than the skin around it.
Shel Silverstein|One picture puzzle pieceLyin' on the sidewalk,One picture puzzle pieceSoakin' in the rain.It might be a button of blueOn the coat of the womanWho lived in a shoe.It might be a magical bean,Or a fold in the redVelvet robe of a queen.It might be the one little biteOf the apple her stepmotherGave to Snow White.It might be the veil of a brideOr a bottle with some evil genie inside.It might be a small tuft of hairOn the big bouncy bellyOf Bobo the Bear.It might be a bit of the cloakOf the Witch of the WestAs she melted to smoke.It might be a shadowy traceOf a tear that runs down an angel's face.Nothing has more possibilitiesThan one old wet picture puzzle piece.
Hermann Hesse, Gertrude|On one part of the footpath where a thin trickle of water from a small spring kept it damp, I found … a swarm of … small, blue butterflies drinking the water. … I only went that way on sunny days and each time the dense, blue swarm was there, and each time it was a holiday.
J.M. Stewart, The Playboy's Baby|Now why do I feel like Little Red Riding Hood?" Daisy asked.Trav flashed a toothy smile and lunged for her neck. She squealed and squirmed, but he held on and chomped gently down her neck.She smacked his arm because she liked that a little too much. "Back off, Big Bad Wolf.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Learn everything you can learn now while you are young. If you think you are old now, well let me remind you that NOTHING IS TOO LATE. If you will start it now, you are never too old to do it! Don't wait for another year older for you to learn something new. JUST DO IT. (You listen to Nike!)
Geoffrey Wood|The well padded astrologer stroked his corpulent belly, as he stared down intently at his cowrie board. There was a frown on his moon shaped face, a face that had always considered good rich food his birthright, even as he strove to read the cryptic messages that the Gods were strewing before him.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Vin paused. "And you have all of these religions memorized?""As much as is possible," Sazed said. "Their prayers, their beliefs, their mythologies. Many are very similar -- break-offs or sects of one another.""Even still, how can you remember all of that?""I have...methods," Sazed said."But, what's the point?"Sazed frowned. "The answer should be obvious, I think. People are valuable, Mistress Vin, and so--therefore--are their beliefs.
Scott Hahn, Hope for Hard Times|When you want to encourage a greater sense of responsibility in others (and yourself), emphasize the anticipation of accomplishment, not the penalties for failure.
Sydney J. Harris|This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions.
Jerrel C. Thomas, Christian Rhyme Poems: Inspiring For The Soul|I write poems. I'm often laughed at for doing so. My friends and foes, who were born in 1980's or even later aren't savvy with this concept of the reading and writing poems. They're probably not at fault because while they were being brought up in their respective environments, they weren't really taught how to appreciate poetry. Sadly, those same indifferent souls are now raising their children in the same robotic way, keeping them away from an art form as pure as poetry. Anyway, on the path my life, my poems, written and unwritten, are spread throughout like breadcrumbs. Alas! I'm savouring these breadcrumbs alone because no one has chosen to walk by me, maybe because they're skeptic about the taste of these crumbs. They've hypothetically assumed that these crumbs, these poems are bitter. Sigh! They aren't courageous enough to gather the strength to actually taste them. Perhaps this way, the real sweetness of my crumbs, of my poems stays obscured to them. But I haven't let them crush this sweetness beneath their feet and that's why, I've chosen to walk alone instead. How can I not savour these crumbs if I already know that they're leading me to the apex of my life? How can I not write poems if a voice inside me is constantly pecking my hands to give it a form? This voice is my meditation. This voice is my shadow, a shadow which is stubborn enough to remain intact even when I'll be gone. This voice is my concrete, the concrete that I'm made up of. This voice is my power, the power that will shake your senses. This voice is my poetry.
Ruben Hinojosa|I don't think there's a shortage of material in the world. Or in my head. I just pray for continued good health, because I've got other stories to tell.
RVM|With Time, you can create Money, but with Money you cannot create Time. So Time is more valuable than Money.
Jessie Burton|When you have truly come to know a person, Nella -- when you see beneath the sweet gestures, the smiles -- when you see the rage and the pitiful fear which each of us hide -- then forgiveness is everything.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|(from a prayer for inclusiveness):O god whose face changes as we move and learn and change, whose image becomes less like ours and more like that of the stranger we treat as a friend; the god whom we create from the sum of all we know that is wonderful, generous, true and wise: May we see ourselves in the god-ness of others and ourselves in their image of you.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|If thinking is your fate, revere this fate with divine honour and sacrifice to it the best, the most beloved
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|A lovely thing about Christmas is that it's compulsory, like a thunderstorm, and we all go through it together.
Aimee Mullins|I can't tell you how many times I've gone to present at the Golden Globes, come home, whipped the dress off and read to my daughter wearing gazillion-dollar earrings. That's how it goes in my house, and I wouldn't have it any other way.
Sharon Salzberg|Walk to work, even if it's four miles. Ride a bike to work. Drive a different way. On your way there, try to find beauty. You'd be surprised how much more of the neighborhood you can perceive and experience when you're looking for unique spots of beauty.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We all have problems. Or rather, everyone has at least one thing that they regard as a problem.
Tim Tebow|Without the name, any flower is still more or less a stranger to you. The name betrays its family, its relationship to other flowers, and gives the mind something tangible to grasp. It is very difficult for persons who have had no special training to learn the names of the flowers from the botany.
Kiyo Sato, Kiyo's Story: A Japanese-American Family's Quest for the American Dream|We have no one to go to for help. Not even a church. Anything goes, now that our President Roosevelt signed the order to get rid of us. How can he do this to his own citizens? No lawyer has the courage to defend us. Caucasian friends stay away for fear of being labeled "Jap lovers." There's not a more lonely feeling than to be banished by my own country. There's no place to go.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|In your thirties something strange starts to happen. It’s a mere hiccup at first, an instant of hesitation. How old are you? Oh, I’m — you start confidently, but then you stop. You were going to say thirty-three, but you’re not. You’re thirty-five. And then you’re bothered, because you wonder if this is the beginning of the end. It is, of course, but it’s decades before you admit it.
Violet Haberdasher, The Secret Prince|The textbooks are dumbed down to the where your kid sister could probably read them, and the teacher go over and over and over the same stuff anyway, drilling it into your head so that they can ask you one hundred multiple-choice questions to get it all back out of you again.
José Martí|Happiness exists on earth, and it is won through prudent exercise of reason, knowledge of the harmony of the universe, and constant practice of generosity.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|I heard the stories of the storytellers, telling the stories people wanted to hear. Everyone finds the narrative that matches the narrative they already know and want. It wasn't that I didn't want to share the truth. It wasn't that I feared the response. It was that I no longer believed in a truth.
Reba McEntire|I believe in one God, the first and great cause of goodness. I also believe in Jesus Christ, the rebirth of the world. I also believe in the Holy Ghost, the comforter.
Jane Austen, Jane Austen's Letters|What a feat of transmission: the emotive powers of the book, with no local habitation, pass safely from writer to reader, unmangled by printing and binding and shipping, renewed and available whenever we open it.
Janet Malcolm|Unlike other relationships that have a purpose beyond themselves and are clearly delineated as such (dentist-patient, lawyer-client, teacher-student), the writer-subject relationship seems to depend for its life on a kind of fuzziness and murkiness, if not utter covertness, of purpose. If everybody put his cards on the table, the game would be over. The journalist must do his work in a kind of deliberately induced state of moral anarchy.
ELW-Reta Barnes|Any Federal official, who engages in employment discrimination, lacks the moral integrity to evenhandedly enforce our Nation’s laws or manage Federal programs.
David Tennant|A culture without property, or in which creators can't get paid, is anarchy, not freedom.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|I've never understood the phrase they have chemistry before now. After all, everything is chemistry. Everything is combination and reaction. The atoms in by body align themselves with the atoms in his.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|We may not understand the pathways God lays out before us. We may not even like walking the journey. But even in failure, we can trust that He’ll do more than we expect.
Mark Lawrence|RSL has more star-liners than any other company, and covers every commercial route in known space. Demeter is one of the biggest, carrying up to 4500 passengers and crew at any single point on its never-ending, circular cruise around the Terran Empire. And me? Where do I fit in? My name is Sean Lange, and you will probably have never heard of me. It’s sad somehow, I always wanted to leave some kind of a legacy in this life, and perhaps to be remembered. Instead, circumstances have arranged it so that this is probably the last time I will ever use that name.
Natsuki Takaya|He wept, and it felt as if the tears were cleansing him, as if his body needed to empty itself.
Mark Epstein, Open to Desire: Embracing a Lust for Life - Insights from Buddhism and Psychotherapy|Meditation did not relieve me of my anxiety so much as flesh it out. It took my anxious response to the world, about which I felt a lot of confusion and shame, and let me understand it more completely. Perhaps the best way to phrase it is to say that meditation showed me that the other side of anxiety is desire. They exist in relationship to each other, not independently.
J.R.    Miller|She didn't know whether she was running away from something or running to something, but she admitted that deep in her heart she wanted to go home.
Victoria Schwab, Vicious|It is you who must someday break through the protective polish of who you are, to become naked and powerful to who you can truly be.
The Catechism of the Catholic Church|God not only gives His creatures being and existence, but also, and at every moment, upholds and sustains them in being.
Francis A. Schaeffer|We must realize that the Reformation world view leads in the direction of government freedom. But the humanist world view with inevitable certainty leads in the direction of statism. This is so because humanists, having no god, must put something at the center, and it is inevitably society, government, or the state.
Joseph A. Micucci, The Adolescent in Family Therapy: Harnessing the Power of Relationships|Techniques are like tools: The more you have, the more options for getting a job done - but you have to know what you are building first.
Mia March, Finding Colin Firth|Know your value, accept nothing but the best.
Nicholas Emmett|First our comrades. They come from many places. Some were good Jews fighting the baddy Arabs, some were baddy Jews fighting the goody Arabs, some were good protestants fighting the baddy catholics, some were baddy protestants fighting the goody catholics, some were goody or baddy, Viet Cong, black or white, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Dean's Watch|Loneliness made or ruined a man. It frightened him so that he must either sing and build in the face of the dark, like a bird or a beaver, or hide from it like a beast in his den. There were perhaps always only the two ways to go, God or the jungle.
T.S. Eliot, Collected Poems, 1909-1962|You do not know how much they mean to me, my friends,And how, how rare and strange it is, to findIn a life composed so much, so much of odds and ends,(For indeed I do not love it ... you knew? you are not blind! How keen you are!)To find a friend who has these qualities,Who has, and givesThose qualities upon which friendship lives.How much it means that I say this to you-Without these friendships-life, what cauchemar!
Rebecca Stead, When You Reach Me|And when the veil lifts, we can see the world as it really is, just for those few seconds before it settles down again. We see all the beauty, and cruelty, and sadness, and love.
Florence Nightingale|I was born in Paris, and it's a beautiful place, but London feels like home. I like the village feeling, I like running in the parks - even the food isn't as bad as it used to be.
Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life|I can’t imagine that I’m supposed to get over it , like hopping a low stone wall; if Thursday was a barrier of some kind, it was made of razor wire, which I did not bound over but thrash through, leaving me in flayed pieces and on the other side of something only in a temporal sense.
Paullina Simons, Red Leaves|Christ, seven years of college, down the drain.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|It is important to live authentically who you are, to show yourself to your date as the bond between you builds.
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|Sex could be a blissful communion,. But it could also be a weapon, and its absence, sometimes, was required for the establishment of peace.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|The most valuable thing we can do for the psyche, occasionally, is to let it rest, wander, live in the changing light of room, not try to be or do anything whatever.
Gugu Mona|Only God is good.""We can make good works,We can be called good folksWe can do good,but we cannot be good.
Lupe Fiasco|The way I was grew up gave me a slight fearlessness and a sense of independence. There are things about it that have definitely informed me. And then, as a parent, it's done the opposite. It's made me feel much more protective. There are boundaries in my kids' lives that I don't think I had.
Wanda E. Brunstetter, A Celebration of the Simple Life|Always, everywhere God is present, and always He seeks to discover Himself to each one
C.S. Lewis|The nearest thing we have to a defence against [the gods] (but there is no real defence) is to be very wide awake and sober and hard at work, to hear no music, never to look at earth or sky, and (above all) to love no one.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Replace a bad habit with a better one. Instead of trying to "break out of a habit", try to use the trigger or cue to initiate a different action. Find something better, healthier, to replace the habit. This will be a lot easier than trying to force yourself to do nothing when you feel very compelled to do something. Left unchecked this is why we often see one bad habit turning into another bad habit. Take charge by deciding ahead of time what you will replace with what. Keep track. Celebrate your victories. Strengthen and empower yourself. By repeatedly doing this over and over again you will weaken the association between the trigger/cue and the old habit. At the same time you will strengthen the association between the trigger/cue and the new habit. This is very important. Some people believe the solution is to try to avoid the trigger/cue, but avoidance does nothing to prepare you in the event you fall into that scenario accidentally. It's like preparing for the worst, not by being pessimistic, but by being proactive. The first step to change is believing it could be possible. The second is action. Inaction leads to chaos. It pays to be prepared. Believe you are strong! You are bigger than your problems and your fears.
Marina Carr|I took her into bed with me and propped myself up with pillows against the headboard to let her nurse. As she nursed and the milk came, she began a little low contented sort of singing. I would feel milk and love flowing from me to her as once it had flowed to me. It emptied me. As the baby fed, I seemed slowly to grow empty of myself, as if in the presence of that long flow of love even grief could not stand.
Sara  Barnard, A Quiet Kind of Thunder|And then it happens. The panic. It's slow at first, creeping through the cracks in my thoughts until everything starts to feel heavy. It builds; it becomes something physical that clutches at my insides and squeezes out the air and the blood.
William Makepeace Thackeray|think of the condition of Europe for twenty years before, where people were fighting, not by thousands, but by millions; each one of whom as he struck his enemy wounded horribly some other innocent heart far away.
Alan W. Watts, The Way of Zen|[F]ocus not on ourselves as a force in charge of the manipulation of others, but on how our lives interpenetrate those of others – and … all creatures of a dynamic universe.
E. W. Howe|My dad was very excited about me doing 'Laguna Beach,' and he thought it was a great opportunity. My mom, however, living in Chicago, was a little nervous. I mean she had some reservations about MTV. I think there was a point in my life where I wasn't even allowed to watch MTV!
Faye Wattleton|A creative element is surely present in all great systems, and it does not seem possible that all sympathy or fundamental attitudes of will can be entirely eliminated from any human philosophy.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|For a long time, it was one of these things where—I was really much younger than now—my whole "brand" both to the investors and to our board members was this crazy Russian boy-genius who comes out and sprinkles magic dust on technology and things just work.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|The winning strategy is the one that successfully adapts to the changing circumstances of time, place, and person.
An Na, A Step from Heaven|Your life can be different, Young Ju. Study and be strong. In America, women have choices.
Kevin Hearne, Tricked|Look, I don't know what you are, but you're more than a geologist, if you are one at all. I've met lots of geologists on different projects like this, and they're all tiny sunburned men with fetishes for geodes. They wear floppy hats and carry baggies for soil samples around with them. ... And geologists don't make rocks disappear like you did the other night. They keep them and build little shrines to them.
Charles Bukowski, Sifting Through the Madness for the Word, the Line, the Way|We’ve each given the hours of our lives in dull rote jobs for other men’s profit, and have been asked to be grateful for doing that.
Gerald Raftery|A horse loves freedom, and the weariest old work horse will roll on the ground or break into a lumbering gallop when he is turned loose into the open.
Mahesh Babu|I do support a constitutional amendment on marriage between a man and a woman, but I would not be going into the states to overturn their state law.
Dorothy Parker, The Collected Dorothy Parker|I like best to have one book in my hand, and a stack of others on the floor beside me, so as to know the supply of poppy and mandragora will not run out before the small hours.
Augusten Burroughs, Lust & Wonder|But now, I know, how absence can be present, like a damaged nerve, like a dark bird.
Zoran Drvenkar|At its heart, Codependency is a set of behaviors developed to manage the anxiety that comes when our primary attachments are formed with people who are inconsistent or unavailable in their response to us. Our anxiety-based responses to life can include over-reactivity, image management, unrealistic beliefs about our limits, and attempts to control the reality of others to the point where we lose our boundaries, self-esteem, and even our own reality. Ultimately, Codependency is a chronic stress disease, which can devastate our immune system and lead to systemic and even life-threatening illness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If we people become more helpful to others, there will be much less tragedy in the world!
Stefan Zweig|The river of life, of mysterious laws and mysterious choice, flows past a deserted embankment; and along that other deserted embankment Charles now begins to pace, a man behind the invisible gun carriage on which rests his own corpse. He walks towards an imminent, self-given death? I think not; for he has at which to build; has already begun, though he would still bitterly deny it, thought there are tears in his eyes to support his denial, to realize that life, however advantageously Sarah may in some ways seem to fit the role of Sphinx, is not a symbol, is not one riddle and one failure to guess it, is not to inhabit one face alone or to be given up after one losing throw of the dice; but is to be, however inadequately, emptily, hopelessly into the city's iron heart, endured. And out again, upon the unplumb'd, salt, estranging sea.
Ruth Reichl, Delicious!|Tommy and I put on a radio play to entertain everyone while they unpacked their cookies. It was about a girl who saves up money for a prom dress, but at the last minute she says, "It's only clothes," and buys war bonds instead. The play was a big success, and my whole school pledged to buy war bonds, which should have made me happy. But it gave me a queer feeling; it's easy to write propaganda when everyone agrees with you. Do you understand? I think I'd rather bake cookies; it feels more honest. Your friend, LuluSammy looked down at me. "A girl after your own heart!" he said. "In my experience it is a rare female who can say, 'It's only clothes,' and when the war came, you discovered who you really were. Women changed. Children grew up overnight. I wonder what happened to this one.
Alan Cohen|I thought about how often this was needed in everyday life. How we feel lonely, sometimes to the point of tears, but we don't let those tears come because we are not supposed to cry. Or how we feel a surge of love for a partner but we don't say anything because we're frozen with the fear of what those words might do to the relationship.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|the only way in which a human being can make some approach to knowing the whole of a subject, is by hearing what can be said about it by persons of every variety of opinion, and studying all modes in which it can be looked at by every character of mind. No wise man ever acquired his wisdom in any mode but this; nor is it in the nature of human intellect to become wise in any other manner.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Hating yourself is like hating what God loves. God loves you, so love yourself and love what God loves.
Sam Crescent, She's Mine|....if you wanted something enough, you’d be willing to stand and fight for it, even if you got beat down.
Jiang Zemin|There is no way that writers can be tamed and rendered civilized or even cured. The only solution known to science is to provide the patient with an isolation room, where he can endure the acute stages in private and where food can be poked in to him with a stick.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I guess time doesn't flow in order, does it - A, B, C, D? It just sort of goes where it feels like going.
Nazanin Boniadi|Facing the press is not easy, but because you have to go, you have to try to take a lot of positive things for yourself from these face-to-face meetings.
Christopher Hitchens|I cannot forget the figures of Slobodan Milošević, Charles Taylor and Saddam Hussein, who made terrified fiefdoms out of their "own" people and mounds of corpses on the territory of their neighbours. I was glad to see each of these monsters brought to trial, and think the achievement should (and one day will) form part of the battle‑honours of British Labour. Many of the triumphant pelters and taunters would have left the dictators and aggressors in place: they too will have their place in history.
Natalie Crown, The Wolf's Cry|The mouse began to shift and Kammy marvelled at the sight. Soon a second boy stood before her. She hardly noticed Eric appear beside him.He was dressed much like Eric, though his shirt hung looser on his slimmer frame. His hair was a fluffy, chocolate mess. He was taller than Eric and he glared between them both before his eyes came to rest fully on Kammy. The first thing she noticed was the purple bruise on his cheek. The second was how bright his blue eyes were.
Robert Browning|The problem for me is that I can't ever really see who Gregory is, any more than I can see what a mirror by itself looks like, because he reflects whoever's around him.
Maya Angelou|When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|None of us understand the infinite universe. Most people who start thinking about it, get overwhelmed, shrug their shoulders, and turn their attention back to something mundane, like drinking beer or watching TV. Only a few great minds have ever actually contemplated the nature of the universe. Fewer still have done it without going insane.
Gavin de Becker|You can do a lot with diplomacy, but with diplomacy backed up by force you can get a lot more done.
Penelope Ward, Drunk Dial|It's okay to look different, Lilith. Beauty is only a matter of opinion. If you believe you are beautiful, then that's all that matters. These are really tough years you're approaching now. Your decisions now as a teenager can change your entire life. Just make sure you talk to me or comeone if you're ever feeling like life is too much to handle. And never let anyone convince you that you're not worthy, only to take advantage of you.
James Webb, Fields of Fire|If they didn't want to know, they shouldn't have asked.
Elizabeth Brundage, Somebody Else's Daughter|You couldn't teach kindness, she thought. It was something you were born with. People either had it or they didn't.
Apollo Blake, Storm of Masks|Imagine being just strong enough to remember what life was like, feeling things, your heartbeat, the world around you. And imagine you couldn’t have it anymore, couldn’t even properly remember it, but there was just enough that some deep part of you knew what you were missing. Wouldn’t you do anything to get it back, if it was right there for the taking? Wouldn’t you be willing to kill for it?
Terry Goodkind, Naked Empire|If something is wrong, it matters not if a thousand men are for it; you must still oppose it. If something is just, no amount of popular outcry should stay you from your course.
Frank Lampard|My dad talks about the times when we'd play backyard cricket: If I got bowled out, I'd just refuse to let go of the bat and swing it at anyone who tried to take it away from me. I like to think that's been tempered a bit over the years.
Anonymous|Travel is rebellion in its purest form. - we follow our heart- we free ourselves of labels- we lose control willingly- we trade a role for reality- we love the unfamiliar- we trust strangers- we own only what we can carry- we search for better questions, not answers- we truly graduate- we, sometimes, choose never to come back.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|It might be a little silly for someone getting to be my age to put this into words, but I just want to make sure I get the facts down clearly : I'm the kind of person who likes to be by himself. To put a finer point on it, I'm the type of person who doesn't find it painful to be alone. I find spending an hour or two everyday running alone, not speaking to anyone as well as four of five hours at my desk, to be neither difficult or boring.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Our] minds are molded in many different ways— often in ways we are not aware of at the time. I am convinced that many things—the films we watch, the television we see, the music we listen to, the books we read—have a great effect on us.
Ann Patchett, The Getaway Car: A Practical Memoir About Writing and Life|It turns out that the distance from head to hand, from wafting butterfly to entomological specimen, is achieved through regular, disciplined practice. What begins as something like a dream will in fact stay a dream forever unless you have the tools and the discipline to bring it out.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|The Bible had been the weapon of choice in the spiritual gladiatorial arena of my youth. I knew how, wielded with intent and precision, the Bible can cut deeply, while on the one holding it can claim with impunity that "this is from God.
Ashly Lorenzana|Nothing in the tangible word that isn't living has any value beyond a dollar amount. Considering that dollars can only buy more tangible and inanimate objects, it would seem a far more worthwhile goal to instead learn to place value on the treasures of the mind. Memories, knowledge and skill together are the only things we will ever actually own.
Renae A.Sauter|As a deep wound comes to the surface, things can appear worse for a time.
Marjane Satrapi, Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return|and yet she was leaving the world as a woman who had love and been loved back. she was leaving it as a friend, a companion, a guardian. a mother. a person of consequence at last.
Mark Burnett|Coming home, we stopped for a bite to eat and ran into a confused waitress. Had a heart-rending time trying to speak the Words of Life to her, and as I think of all this country now, many just as confused, and more so, I realized that the 39th Street bus is as much a mission field as Africa ever was.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|We all need hope. As souls, we journey in physical bodies, traversing a life that is dually lived. We experience safety through attachment to the physical world, but we also are comforted and cared for by a trust in the non-physical, spiritual part of our reality. Two different roads, available for us and from which we choose, moment by moment.
Zander Sherman, The Curiosity of School: Education and the Dark Side of Enlightenment|Consider, for a moment, how profound is an education: every human-made object in the world is the result of one. Every car, computer, particle accelerator, thatched hut, hairstyle, soufflé, piano concerto. These are the products not only of the skilled hands and nimble minds of their creators, but the result of whole traditions and systems of education. Change education, and you change the world.
Michelle Zink, Prophecy of the Sisters|Nefret had always had an uncanny ability to read his thoughts. 'Did she cry?' she asked sweetly. 'And then you kissed her? You shouldn't have done that. I'm sure you meant well, but kissing someone out of pity is always a mistake.
Rick Riordan|Never measure or compare yourself to anyone other than your past self, seek to always improve & you'll be happy and successful.
Jessica Zafra, Twisted Travels|I cannot write about Venice; I can only write about me, and the sleeping parts of myself that Venice has shocked into wakefulness.
Amy Lane, The Winter Courtship Rituals of Fur-Bearing Critters|For the record, and those readers oblivious to metaphor, I would have avoided the subject entirely if my wife did not assure me I was of average size, an opinion as comforting as it is troublesome, because I know how much research she's done first hand. From the chapter, "Small Penis Rule".
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|As the saying goes, "Argue for your limitations and you get to keep them." Why would I want to keep my limitations?
Stephen Sondheim|The dumbing down of the country reflects itself on Broadway. The shows get dumber, and the public gets used to them. 
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Yesterday I was clever,That is why I wanted to change the world.Today I am wise,That is why I am changing myself.
Paul Wellstone|To me, leadership is about encouraging people. It's about stimulating them. It's about enabling them to achieve what they can achieve - and to do that with a purpose.
Candis Terry, Sweetest Mistake|Thanks, you guys." Fiona smiled. "I haven't been with anyone since Jackson and I split. I hate to act like such a hoochie mama, but---""Hey. There's a little hoochie mama in all of us," Charli said. "Didn't I tell you how I finally got Reno to make the big move?""No.""The famous Wilder barbecue party? While we were dancing, I conveniently told him I'd forgotten to put panties on under my dress. He could barely keep his hands to himself. Then I told him if he was interested, I'd meet him back at his house.""Oooh, devious." Abby laughed. "Was there any rubber left on his tires?""Nope." Charli grinned. "But that was one hoochie-mama move I'll never regret.
Chris Mentillo|You can have practically anything you want in this world, if you have great credit.
Jean Anouilh|There is love of course. And then there's life, its enemy.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|The smell of the sea pleased him so much that he wanted one day to take it in, pure and unadulterated, in such quantities that he could get drunk on it. And later, when he learned from stories how large the sea is and that you can sail upon it in ships for days on end without ever seeing land, nothing pleased him more than the image of himself sitting high up in the crow's nest of the foremost mast on such a ship, gliding on through the endless smell of the sea -- which really was no smell, but a breath, an exhilaration of breath, the end of all smells -- dissolving with pleasure in that breath.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Everything ends in death, everything. Death is terrible.
Ella Dominguez, This Love's Not for Sale|McG: 11:39 PM: Tease. A: Bushy prehistoric looking veggies frighten me.Lilliana: 11:41 PM: WTH are we talking about here? McG: 11:42 PM: Fucking auto correct. VAGINAS! Bushy vaginas put the fear of God in me. Seriously, Lilly, if you’ve got one, groom that shit unless you want to see a grown alpha male curl into the fetal position and cry. It won’t be pretty. Just sayin
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you waste a minute, you have wasted life and if you waste an hour, you have wasted life.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|I will not subject you to a restraint, in the manner of scriptures and ancient works, by stating that you should trust what I say, that my words are apocalyptic; and that if you do not believe me, you will become atheists and go to hell. If what I say is not agreeable to your instinct, knowledge, experience and inquiry, reject it.
Charmaine J Forde|If we could think about somebody else other than ourselves for a few minutes a day, this world would be so much better off.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|Denying emotion is not avoiding the high curbs, it's never taking your car out of the garage. It's safe in there, but you'll never go anywhere.
Margaret Atwood|If writing novels - and reading them - have any redeeming social value, it's probably that they force you to imagine what it's like to be somebody else. Which increasingly is something we all need to know.
Tim Cummings, ORPHANS|I leave the kitchen table to bathe, and to dress for church. If only my closet held on its shelves an array of faces I could wear rather than dresses, I would know which face to put on today. As for the dresses, I haven't a clue.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|You could shove it up your ass and pretend you're a corn dog."COURTESY VIOLATION-RESPONSE MUTED-VIOLATION LOGGED
David James Duncan, The Brothers K|On the Russian revolutionaries:To leave your parents, faithful and loyal subjects of the Emperor, to leave your profession, to desist from having children, to lose your fortune, and to give up your civil honor, all for revolutionary conviction, makes for a league of more practical proof than any religious order.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Dec. 31… “Let the past rest, but let it rest in the sweet embrace of Christ. Leave the broken, irreversible past in His hands, and step out into the invincible future with Him.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|Because if you take a risk, you just might find what you're looking for.
Sarah Hall, How to Paint a Dead Man|You’ve found that there is something that can make you feel, and make you feel present: sex. Not the routine, dusk-and-dawn sex of a trusted, established relationship, but illicit, dangerous sex. Sex that is novel and leaves you sore; that is experienced in the gaps between your mundane, moral life; that is strange and breathless and addictive.
Samantha Gregory|Single Ladies Tip: No man is too busy to go after a woman that he really wants, he will make time even if it is 2 minutes. #NoMoreCrumbs
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|That's Venus, September thought. She was the goddess of love. It's nice that love comes on first thing in the evening, and goes out last in the morning. Love keeps the light on all night.
Saul Williams|Find a good teacher, as I found for my sons. I feel the worst thing you can do is to try and teach your own children yourself, because there is a natural rebellion that occurs.
Macaulay Culkin|If you can market smut and toilet paper, you can market movies.
Alisa Sheckley, Moonburn|Sometimes, there aren't any good choices. Sometimes, making the right one is hard... It's funny, but when you think about it, we're all broken. That's what life does. It knocks you down and breaks you and you either get back up again, or you don't. You either do things on your terms, or you don't. You let the bad things win, or you don't.""You either let it break you, or you don't.
Franz Bardon|We were born in charge of our own being, our own personality. Other people's personalities are beyond our control.
Jalaluddin Rumi, دیوان كلیات شمس تبریزی|Self Respect " respects boundaries, yours or other's,"Ego" is so full of self, it sees no boundaries.
Roy T. Bennett|You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.
Rodney Brooks|Up to this day, there has been no proof of the existence of any intelligence other than the human.
Debasish Mridha|Confidence is good, but confidence with humility is far better.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If Christians, think of Christ Jesus, they will act like holy servant of Son of God.
Paul Kane|The lions taught me photography. They taught me patience and the sense of beauty, a beauty that penetrates you.
H. P. Lovecraft|I have dogs, and it's no secret that I find reptiles interesting, but the thing about reptiles is that they really just wanna be left alone, and I understand them. It's, 'Don't pick me up, stop holding me, don't look at me, just leave me alone.' I have to admit, sometimes I feel like that.
Joss Whedon|I've got a theory, it could be bunnies...I've got a theor-Bunnies aren't just cute like everybody supposesThey've got them hoppy legs and twitchy little noses.And what's with all the carrots-?What do they need such good eyesight for anyway?Bunnies, bunnies it must be bunnies!...or maybe midgets...
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Maybe its because i rejoice over what i have and don't grieve over what i don't have".
Terry Pratchett|We're living in science fiction, but we don't realize it.
Paul Auster, Moon Palace|I felt the taste of mortality in my mouth, and at that moment I understood that I was not going to live forever. It takes a long time to learn that, but when you finally do, everything changes inside you, you can never be the same again. I was seventeen years old, and all of a sudden, without the slightest flicker of a doubt, I understood that my life was my own, that it belonged to me and no one else.I’m talking about freedom, Fogg. A sense of despair that becomes so great, so crushing, so catastrophic, that you have no choice but to be liberated by it. That’s the only choice, or else you crawl into a corner and die.
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|I would do anything for you. Anything."With that, he pushed his way out...and as the door eased shut, she realized that I love you could indeed be said without actually uttering the phrase.Actions did mean more than words.
Robert Kirkman|One of my roommates, Rafael, he's an expert on monsters. Not that he talks about them. I can just tell. People who have monsters recognize each other. They know each other without even saying a word.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|Sadly, our society still perpetuates the false ideal that a real man should be all masculine, and a real woman all feminine. Neither is possible, nor desirable.
Lenny Kravitz|My dad worked two jobs and moved us to the suburbs, and just being a black person, I went through a lot of racism and being called names and being bullied every single day. And it was hard. I didn't have any friends.
Carolyn  Taylor, Walking The Talk|The key difference between captain and coach? The latter’s opportunities for influence come at moments when play isn't happening,
Noor-us-Sahar|Self-confidence appear your attitude, so be confident
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Everyday is the same day, except its reward and opportunities.
Mother Teresa|Prayer makes your heart bigger, until it is capable of containing the gift of God himself. Prayer begets faith, faith begets love, and love begets service on behalf of the poor.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|It was an indulgence, learning last words. Other people had chocolate; I had dying declarations.
Amy Carmichael|But God is the God of the waves and the billows, and they are still His when they come over us; and again and again we have proved that the overwhelming thing does not overwhelm. Once more by His interposition deliverance came. We were cast down, but not destroyed.
Jamie Fuller, The Diary of Emily Dickinson| The following year the house was substantially remodeled, and the conservatory removed. As the walls of the now crumbling wall were being torn down, one of the workmen chanced upon a small leatherbound book that had apparently been concealed behind a loose brick or in a crevice in the wall. By this time Emily Dickinson was a household name in Amherst. It happened that this carpenter was a lover of poetry- and hers in particular- and when he opened the little book and realized that that he had found her diary, he was “seized with a violent trembling,” as he later told his grandson. Both electrified and terrified by the discovery, he hid the book in his lunch bucket until the workday ended and then took it home. He told himself that after he had read and savored every page, he would turn the diary over to someone who would know how to best share it with the public. But as he read, he fell more and more deeply under the poet’s spell and began to imagine that he was her confidant. He convinced himself that in his new role he was no longer obliged to give up the diary. Finally, having brushed away the light taps of conscience, he hid the book at the back of an oak chest in his bedroom, from which he would draw it out periodically over the course of the next sixty-four years until he had virtually memorized its contents. Even his family never knew of its existence.  Shortly before his death in 1980 at the age of eighty-nine, the old man finally showed his most prized possession to his grandson (his only son having preceded him in death), confessing that his delight in it had always been tempered by a nagging guilt and asking that the young man now attempt to atone for his grandfather’s sin. The grandson, however, having inherited both the old man’s passion for poetry and his tendency towards paralysis of conscience, and he readily succumbed to the temptation to hold onto the diary indefinitely while trying to decide what ought to be done with it.
H.W. Brands|Such was the code: Strive for victory, but never seem to be self-involved.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|Sylvia would have taken it seriously- so strong was her devotion to the innate intelligence of form. Those pretty tools like glue and pens, pasting together look-books – for Sylvia it would have been like toy making or arranging jewels. Unfortunately, Sylvia’s flair for design and graphics went unnoticed by the Mademoiselle staff, who had already pigeonholed her as a “writer”.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Everybody is Beautiful and Unique in Their Own Special Way, Beauty goes Beyond the Outer Appearance. I think it's More Important to have a Beautiful Mind. Stop Comparing Yourselves Amongst Yourselves. Nobody is like You and Never will be You. Stop being Jealous of Others. Stop Hating on Others. Appreciate your Qualities and Characteristics.
Isaac Asimov, The Foundation Trilogy|Q. You do not consider your statement a disloyal one?A. No, sir. Scientific truth is beyond loyalty and disloyalty.Q. Can you prove that this mathematics is valid?A. Only to another mathematician.Q. Your claim then is that your truth is of so esoteric a nature that it is beyond the understanding of a plain man. It seems to me that truth should be clearer than that, less mysterious, more open to the mind.A. It presents no difficulties to some minds. The physics of energy transfer, which we know as thermodynamics, has been clear and true through all the history of man since the mythical ages, yet there may be people present who would find it impossible to design a power engine. People of high intelligence, too.
Atul Gawande, Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science|The doctors found out that Bunbury could not live, that is what I mean - so Bunbury died.He seems to have had great confidence in the opinion of his physicians. I am glad, however, that he made up his mind at the last to some definite course of action, and acted under proper medical advice.
T.S. Wieland|Only your children’s grandchildren may remember our stories, but the stories are not what makes a life. It’s living with a smile and a free spirit that will ripple throughout the stars.
Sunday Adelaja|When you discover your gift and develop it, the world will start looking for you
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Back in the day, it was either both a mother and her daughter had pubic hair, or the daughter didn’t. Today, in many a case, the mother is the one who doesn’t.
Paula Stokes, The Art of Lainey|Standing up for yourself is about more than flinging barbed-wire insults around. Its about picking your battles, knowing when to fight, knowing exactly what and who is worth fighting for.
Stan Kelly Bootle|Here we introduce the nation's first great communications monopolist, whose reign provides history's first lesson in the power and peril of concentrated control over the flow of information. Western Union's man was one Rutherford B. Hates, an obscure Ohio politician described by a contemporary journalist as "a third rate nonentity." But the firm and its partner newswire, the Associated Press, wanted Hayes in office, for several reasons. Hayes was a close friend of William Henry Smith, a former politician who was now the key political operator at the Associated Press. More generally, since the Civil War, the Republican Party and the telegraph industry had enjoyed a special relationship, in part because much of what were eventually Western Union's lines were built by the Union Army.So making Hayes president was the goal, but how was the telegram in Reid's hand key to achieving it?The media and communications industries are regularly accused of trying to influence politics, but what went on in the 1870s was of a wholly different order from anything we could imagine today. At the time, Western Union was the exclusive owner of the nationwide telegraph network, and the sizable Associated Press was the unique source for "instant" national or European news. (It's later competitor, the United Press, which would be founded on the U.S. Post Office's new telegraph lines, did not yet exist.) The Associated Press took advantage of its economies of scale to produce millions of lines of copy a year and, apart from local news, its product was the mainstay of many American newspapers.With the common law notion of "common carriage" deemed inapplicable, and the latter day concept of "net neutrality" not yet imagined, Western Union carried Associated Press reports exclusively. Working closely with the Republican Party and avowedly Republican papers like The New York Times (the ideal of an unbiased press would not be established for some time, and the minting of the Time's liberal bona fides would take longer still), they did what they could to throw the election to Hayes. It was easy: the AP ran story after story about what an honest man Hayes was, what a good governor he had been, or just whatever he happened to be doing that day. It omitted any scandals related to Hayes, and it declined to run positive stories about his rivals (James Blaine in the primary, Samuel Tilden in the general). But beyond routine favoritism, late that Election Day Western Union offered the Hayes campaign a secret weapon that would come to light only much later.Hayes, far from being the front-runner, had gained the Republican nomination only on the seventh ballot. But as the polls closed his persistence appeared a waste of time, for Tilden, the Democrat, held a clear advantage in the popular vote (by a margin of over 250,000) and seemed headed for victory according to most early returns; by some accounts Hayes privately conceded defeat. But late that night, Reid, the New York Times editor, alerted the Republican Party that the Democrats, despite extensive intimidation of Republican supporters, remained unsure of their victory in the South. The GOP sent some telegrams of its own to the Republican governors in the South with special instructions for manipulating state electoral commissions. As a result the Hayes campaign abruptly claimed victory, resulting in an electoral dispute that would make Bush v. Gore seem a garden party. After a few brutal months, the Democrats relented, allowing Hayes the presidency — in exchange, most historians believe, for the removal of federal troops from the South, effectively ending Reconstruction.The full history of the 1876 election is complex, and the power of th
Atalina Wright, Unbound|In our most vulnerable hour, it is helpful to remember our creative power.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|One has to be careful, whenever one tells a story about a great injustice. We are a species that loves narrative, but has been taught not to trust an individual speaker.
John Lautner|As a child, my father's architecture seemed to me to be industrial in a way. It seemed harsh and kind of chilly; I didn't respond to it.
Usain Bolt|I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|Words actually failed me. I felt as dumb as my lounge-less friend in the corner. "You injected me with vampire blood?" My words were said slowly, ensuring that I didn't get one wrong or accidentally call Francis a fucking asshat. "You're a vampire?"Francis' expression managed to convey how stupid he thought that question was. "I live underground, and you've never seen me outside. I'm pale in complexion ands obviously hundreds of years old. What did you think I was? Agoraphobic?
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|This was another of our fears: that Life wouldn't turn out to be like Literature. Look at our parents--were they the stuff of Literature? At best, they might aspire to the condition of onlookers and bystanders, part of a social backdrop against which real, true, important things could happen. Like what? The things Literature was about: Love, sex, morality, friendship, happiness, suffering, betrayal, adultery, good and evil, heroes and villains, guilt and innocence, ambition, power, justice, revolution, war, fathers and sons, mothers and daughters, the individual against society, success and failure, murder, suicide, death, God.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Jesus, why would he hook up with Becca?" "Well, she's not known for her personality or generosity of spirit, so it's probably because she's hot." "She's not as hot as you," I said, before I could think better of it. "That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people would want to around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfast cereals based on color instead of taste.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Decide today to take a stand, make a plan, and get. No one ever said it was going to be easy and wouldn’t require effort. It will sometimes require that you go against the grain, face great challenge, conquer fear, overcome obstacles, and bounce back when knocked down. Choose to keep moving and don’t give up. And if your ship still doesn’t come in—swim out to it!
D.T. Suzuki, The Training of the Zen Buddhist Monk|Modern life seems to recede further and further away from nature, and closely connected with this fact we seem to be losing the feeling of reverence towards nature. It is probably inevitable when science and machinery, capitalism and materialism go hand in hand so far in a most remarkably successful manner. Mysticism, which is the life of religion in whatever sense we understand it, has come to be relegated altogether in the background. Without a certain amount of mysticism there is no appreciation for the feeling of reverence, and, along with it, for the spiritual significance of humility. Science and scientific technique have done a great deal for humanity; but as far as our spiritual welfare is concerned we have not made any advances over that attained by our forefathers. In fact we are suffering at present the worst kind of unrest all over the world.
Neil Peart|Could hell be a place where there is no self-respect? A place where people have no pride in their own existence or behavior, and thus would have none for anyone or anything else?
David O. McKay|True education does not consist merely in the acquiring of a few facts of science, history, literature, or art, but in the development of character.
J.M. Barrie|Thank you, Mom, for the way you managed yourself during the childish, mean, selfish, insensitive, irresponsible, unreasonable, hateful moments I put you through. From your example I learned to be patient, positive, kind, selfless, sympathetic, reliable, sensible, and loving. You have my endless appreciation.
Na'ama Yehuda, Emilia|Hearts break along the same lines they broke before, I find, and they hurt no less in the rebreaking.
Florence Converse, Diana Victrix|And her work! Oh, the thought of being deprived of that! With only his love in return, his love and his amiable domestic tyranny!
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|Indeed, the more we find to love, the more we add to the measure of our hearts.
Robert Greene, Mastery|It is hard for us to imagine now, but our earliest human ancestors who ventured out onto the grasslands of East Africa some six million years ago were remarkably weak and vulnerable creatures. They stood less than five feet tall. They walked upright and could run on their two legs, but nowhere near as fast as the swift predators on four legs that pursued them. They were skinny—their arms could not provide much defense. They had no claws or fangs or poison to resort to if under attack. To gather fruits, nuts, and insects, or to scavenge dead meat, they had to move out into the open savanna where they became easy prey to leopards or packs of hyenas. So weak and small in number, they might have easily become extinct.And yet within the space of a few million years (remarkably short on the time scale of evolution), these rather physically unimpressive ancestors of ours transformed themselves into the most formidable hunters on the planet. What could possibly account for such a miraculous turnaround?
J. Sterling, Dear Heart, I Hate You|And we love you but I have to ask you to help me, to help us, please.”“How?” I asked, “By pretending nothing ever happened? Act as if she and I were strangers? Stand the way your sister acts towards me after all of what we had? Forget my story by her side? Are you asking me for that, Gabriel, for God’s sake?”“It sounds pretty bad when you put it like that…” Gabriel said, “but yes, pretty much.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Sometimes the people around you won't understand your journey. They don't need to, it's not for them.
Said Nursi|What does it mean to not be alone? I've approached that question through music, technology, writing and other means.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Getting to the top should be a priority, but being aware of the reason for getting there should be the focus!
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|If love disappear forever, a veil of sadness, falls over the valley of dried tears.
H.R. Kasper, The Mirror|Come, Leigh, come with me...
Violet Trefusis|With those shared personal stories and our own valued experiences we all, sometimes unknowingly, have a unique quality to impress vast and contrasting individual footprints onto this world. You may not relate to me as a drag queen, or even a gay man for that matter. However if you take away that small portion of my life, you’ll soon discover that I’m just like someone who’s already a part of your life, that you’re close to. First and foremost, I am someone’s son, someone’s best friend, someone’s partner or someone who you may perhaps meet on the street one day, extending his hand to you when you need it the most, without judgment or hatred.
Moonshine Noire|Don't ask me to pray, instead ask me to act.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|What is the motive behind your services? If it is self-centered, self-serving, and lacking consideration for others, then earning people’s trust, rapport, and business will inevitably be more of a struggle. A self-serving agenda throws up red flags which stop relationships dead in their tracks. It can destroy trust, make people wary of your intentions, and push customers to your competition.
Becca Lee|Love...love is the only thing that doesn't hurt. So many people are afraid of it. I think I was five years ago. Afraid that loving you would hurt me, one way or the other. But love doesn't hurt. Abuse hurts, and loneliness hurts, and jealousy hurts, and lies hurt. But love? Love heals. Love puts back together things that were broken before. Which is what you've done for me. So promising you, that's easy. I don't want to be anywhere else but with you. No matter what.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|He covered my hand with his. "No matter what happens, we're friends first. I hope you know how much having you in my life means to me.
Erika Swyler|She'd started swimming early in the morning, when the kids were asleep, when she thought he was asleep. She didn't know her absence woke him, that the shift in the bed was an earthquake. When she climbed back in, she smelled like salt and seaweed. Sometimes her hair would still be knotted on top of her head. She tried to keep it dry. She didn't want him to know. The problem with marrying the mermaid girl from the carnival was knowing that one day she'd swim away.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Once upon a time there was a woman who was just like all women. And she married a man who was just like all men. And they had some children who were just like all children. And it rained all day.The woman had to skewer the hole in the kitchen sink, when it was blocked up.The man went to the pub every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. The other nights he mended his broken bicycle, did the pool coupons, and longed for money and power.The woman read love stories and longed for things to be different.The children fought and yelled and played and had scabs on their knees.In the end they all died.
Richie Norton|People love to say, “You gotta fake it till you make it.” But this implies that the fake you is someone better than who you inherently are, and this is simply not the truth. Let me say this loud and clear: the person you imagine yourself to be in the very best and most powerful moments of your life, is the authentic you. And in truth, I imagine you’re probably much more amazing even than that.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Eventually, we all end up alone.
John Berger|Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.
Robin M. Bertram|Sometimes the right thing to do will cost us our greatest sacrifices, but the rewards will always outweigh our losses
Fulton J. Sheen, Three to Get Married|Each instinct and passion of man is amoral; it is only the abuse of these passions that makes them wrong. There is nothing wrong about hunger, but there is something wrong about gluttony; there is no sin in thirst, but there is a sin in drunkenness; there is nothing wrong with a man who seeks economic security, but there is something wrong with a man who is avaricious; there is nothing to be despised in knowledge, but there is something to be condemned in pride; there is nothing wrong with the flesh, but there is something wrong in the abuse of the flesh. Just as dirt is matter in the wrong place, so sin is flesh in the wrong place. Sex has its place in that area of life designed for its fruition, but the misuse of it outside of that natural and supernatural bond is wrong.
Tatiana Maslany|On 'The Simpsons,' I will say that we definitely like to comment on what's going on in the world, and we try to be funny. If we can figure out a way of being funny about it, then we've gone part of the way of accomplishing our task.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I walk through the black Indiana night, under a ceiling of stars, and think about the phrase "elegance and euphoria," and how it describes exactly what I feel with Violet. For once, I don't want to be anyone but Theodore Finch, the boy she sees. He understands what it is to be elegant and euphoric and a hundered different people most of them flawed and stupid, part asshole, part screwup, part freak, a boy who wants to be easy for the folks around him so that he doesn't worry them and, most of all, easy for himself. A boy who belongs - here in the world, here in his own skin. He is exactly who I want to be and what I want my epitaph to say: The Boy Violet Markey Loves.
Niall Shanks|As the neo-cortex of the brain keeps getting more complex through further evolution, eventually our far away progeny will born in a world where there will be no more religion to be endowed upon them.
Cleary James, The Endgame|I'm Used To, Being Used, Not Abused.
Massad Ayoob, Gun Safety in the Home|If you have the opportunity to help, then you have the responsibility to do it, do what is right simply because it is the right thing to do
Julie B.  Campbell, Finding Manda's Sunshine|Mother Teresa once said, "Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted are the greatest poverty." To this I will add: Please believe that one single positive dream is more important than a thousand negative realities.
Jon Meacham|I have very little faith that I'll ever find someone. I've had some bad luck and I've made some bad choices - not in men, but in how I've chosen to deal with relationships.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Sometimes your kids will say the nastiest things, won't they, Rose? You want to ask,'Whose child is this?'"Rose chuckled."But usually, they're just in some kind of pain. They need to work it out.
Justin Alcala|Being an independent modern day diva is cute...BUT being dedicated, faithful, willing to face the world together, monogamous, honest, family orientated, caring, nurturing, dependable, affectionate, easy to work with, hard working, and a woman I can call my own...is down right sexy. BUT THAT'S JUST MY HUMBLE OPINION
Pope Francis|Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories.
James Carlos Blake, Wildwood Boys|Deep silence fell about the little camp, planted there so audaciously in the jaws of the wilderness. The lake gleamed like a sheet of black glass beneath the stars. The cold air pricked. In the draughts of night that poured their silent tide from the depths of the forest, with messages from distant ridges and from lakes just beginning to freeze, there lay already the faint, bleak odors of coming winter.("The Wendigo")
James Patterson, Fang|I stood my ground. "You evil scientist are all the same--evil. Count me out."Fang and I brushed past Mr. God and walked quickly but smoothly to the exit. It was barely noon, and I'd already made a huge enemy.Dang, I'm good.
Lisa Randall|Religion is of general and public concern, and on its support depend, in great measure, the peace and good order of government, the safety and happiness of the people.
Jason Medina, No Hope for the Hopeless at Kings Park|I do not have a split mind. I am not different people. I am myself, the same self I have always been, the one person I can never escape.
Robert Dallek|Once the public loses confidence in a president's leadership at a time of war, once they don't trust him anymore, once his credibility is sharply diminished, how does he get it back?
Hugh Howey, Beacon 23|Dear child,you're not just anyone.One day,you're gonna have to make a choice.You have to decide what kind of man you want to grow up to be.Whoever that man is,good or bad,is gonna change the world
Andrea Heltsley, Dreamwalker|Let's make beautiful music together, Emery Carmichael.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Though sincerity is a word which rings its meaning in the mind when it is mentioned, its real meaning in real sense is neither the meaning we imagine nor the spoken word but in action. Yes, it is action that determines what sincere means in reality. Real action that stands the test of time does not only give a true meaning to the word sincere in our mind and mind’s eye but it also creates a real picture of who a real sincere person is in our minds and mind’s eye.
Lucinda Rosenfeld, What She Saw...|She called herself Starla, Queen of the Nile, and she had me from the first moment I saw her walk onto that stage. She wore nine-inch-heels and a dress that shone in the multi-colored lighting, glimmering through the haze created by the smoke machines and cigarettes.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|When you say you believe, you allow the possibility of disappointment. And from disappointment or betrayal, there may come despair. Such is the way of the mind.
Robert Hass|The first fact of the world is that it repeats itself. I had been taught to believe that the freshness of children lay in their capacity for wonder at the vividness and strangeness of the particular, but what is fresh in them is that they still experience the power of repetition, from which our first sense of the power of mastery comes. Though predictable is an ugly little world in daily life, in our first experience of it we are clued to the hope of a shapeliness in things. To see that power working on adults, you have to catch them out: the look of foolish happiness on the faces of people who have just sat down to dinner is their knowledge that dinner will be served. Probably, that is the psychological basis for the power and the necessity of artistic form...Maybe our first experience of form is the experience of our own formation...And I am not thinking mainly of poems about form; I’m thinking of the form of a poem, the shape of its understanding. The presence of that shaping constitutes the presence of poetry.
Ian Fleming, Moonraker|Nobody's bought this land. And no one's going to want it either. It's dying land, lonely land.""Like me, then," I said."Yes, like you." You chewed the corner of your lip. "You both need saving.
Eraldo Banovac|Insight is rarer, and infinitely more precious. A strong insight can fuel a thousand ideas, a thousand reasons to act and make something happen. That, more than anything, should be your reason to fight and persevere for your own insight moment. When you are armed with a powerful insight, the ideas never stop flowing.
Robert Frost|There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I saw spark in your eyes while you chose only flaws in me, that made the difference!
Rebecca McNutt|When I was in junior high school, I used to think that Disney's 1990's paranormal television program 'So Weird' was every kid's ideal life - not going to school, living on a tour bus, having rockstar parents, traveling all over North America and never staying in one place for more than a week or so. Of course, eventually the realization hits you that the kids out there who really do live like this, pulling up stakes every week and never staying with their friends or having a permanent residence, aren't really happy.
P.G. Wodehouse|Her heart was finished. It bore, perhaps, records of life, but it wasn't alive. Too late for decoration. Too late for effects. Further handling could only result in cracks and fractures. People could cut themselves on the edgesof her heart, she was sure of it.
Alin Sav|If you need only 10 minutes to speak about a topic that requires 60 minutes, then you are a good speaker. If you need 60 minutes to speak about a topic which requires only 10 minutes, then you are a Romanian preacher.
Julie   Johnson, Not You It's Me|Take a risk on messy. Live Fearlessly. Love recklessly. Most of all, just love.
Karin Boye, Complete Poems|In truth, I am nothing but a plodding mediocrity — please observe, a plodding mediocrity — for a mere mediocrity does not go very far, but a plodding one gets quite a distance. There is joy in that success, and a distinction can come from courage, fidelity and industry.
Ian McEwan, Amsterdam|Both men accepted that the nature of the request, its intimacy and self-conscious reflection on their friendship, had created, for the moment, an uncomfortable emotional proximity which was best dealt with by their parting without another word.
Abigail George|The valuations which result in determination of definite prices are different. Each party attaches a higher value to the good he receives than to that he gives away. The exchange ratio, the price, is not the product of equality of valuation, but on the contrary, the product of a discrepancy in valuation.
Mark McKinnon|Washington doesn't have just a spending problem, or just an entitlement problem, or just a taxing problem. We have a leadership problem. Fix that, and the first three problems are solved.
Stephan A. Hoeller|A pearl is a beautiful thing that is produced by an injured life. It is the tear [that results] from the injury of the oyster. The treasure of our being in this world is also produced by an injured life. If we had not been wounded, if we had not been injured, then we will not produce the pearl.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Friendship Riddle|In a certain sense, you do write to seduce the world, but when it happens, you begin to feel like a whore. The disparity between your life and your work turns out to be as great as ever. And the people seduced by your work are usually seduced by all the wrong reasons.
Deborah Heissler, Près d’eux, la nuit sous la neige|Silence. First it’s a cloud of apricot trees in flower, yellow or ivory, like a thousand little butterflies sown in the fresh grass, moving in the glow of lamplight when night ascends. Fragments of dreams. You can see the red sun setting on the foliage, like an enormous mass of incandescent steel.Then there were the trees a little farther off, straightening their fragile frames, the woolen blue pincushion flower like an eye and that tumult of milk in the deep stone, and finally the moan of the air beaten by a flock of blue woodpigeons– a silken challenge perhaps, or one of crackled leather.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|There are none so superstitious as the educated, for often they see in their own time - as an article of faith unsubstantiated by experience - the final end of human progress.
Lysander Spooner|Prison is a second-by-second assault on the soul, a day-to-day degradation of the self, an oppressive steel and brick umbrella that transforms seconds into hours and hours into days.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Most physical battles begin once mental ones have been lost, anyway. Conquer the mind, conquer the body.
Amber L.  Johnson, Puddle Jumping|Maybe if we stopped trying to achieve movie standards of greatness, we'd be happy with what we have.
Rick Riordan, The Ship of the Dead|Percy hefted a bronze grenade. ‘I hope you labelled these right.’ He yelled, ‘Die, Romans!’ and lobbed the grenade over the wall.
Chris Pratt|A dog is a vehicle, you know; a dog is a window to Mother Nature, and that's the closest species we have.
Charmaine J. Forde|Bless someone today, other than yourself
Rose Fall, Heart: A Romantic Short Story Collection|We love each other. You love me, you do.” His eyes beseech me to believe it, to remember it, to feel it.
Sarah McCarry, Here We Are: Feminism for the Real World|It will take you long, lonely years, but one day you will grow tired. Tired of boys, tired of contempt, and then where will you be? All these girls around you with their stories and their lives, the solace of one another, and you will be as far away from them as an anthropologist among a foreign people, curious but unable to make contact. Have faith: you will learn.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|I'm losing weight, you notice, Pop?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God never fails. No matter how long it takes, the promise will be fulfilled.
Ortega y Gasset|For me, then, nobility is synonymous with a life of effort, ever set on excelling oneself, in passing beyond what one is to what one sets up as a duty and an obligation. In this way the noble life stands opposed to the common or inert life, which reclines statically upon itself, condemned to perpetual immobility, unless an external force compels it to come out of itself. Hence we apply the term mass to this kind of man- not so much because of his multitude as because of his inertia.
Abraham Hicks|Is it possible to be the visionary and the actionary of your own life? Not only possible, it's the way most of you intended it to be. It's the best of all worlds. What can be more exhilarating than to find a dream from the contrast, to fixate on the dream and let it give you pleasure as it grows, and then to watch Law of Attraction bring it into manifestation while you help with your action? does it get any better than that? You didn't think so as you made the decision to come forth into these physical bodies. You said, "This is the best time in all eternity for a Creator to Create.
Rebecca Murphy|If you have good sex, you've done a lot right in life.
Jonah Berger, Contagious: Why Things Catch On|If things continue this way, there will be two societies - or at least I hope there will be two - the one you're helping create, and an alternative to it. You and your ilk will live, willingly, joyfully, under constant surveillance, watching each other always, commenting on each other, voting and liking and disliking each other, smiling and frowning, and otherwise doing nothing much else.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|The road from white belt to black is long and arduous; most never reach the end. There are simply too many obstacles of daily life, and too much effort and attention required, for this to be something that the majority of practitioners achieve. This is why a black belt in Jiu Jitsu, especially from a reputable source, is the pinnacle of martial arts rank. It is valuable because of what must be traded for its achievement.
Nicole Ireland, A Second Chance|How am I going to tell the kids? How do I tell the man that I love, the man that I swore I’d grow old with that we won’t have that happy ending that he and I have worked so hard for? How do I say goodbye to all of you? How do I let go?
Jacques Maritain, Creative Intuition in Art and Poetry|We only give credence to that which we can prove exists. Since we cannot find evidence that gods, miracles, and other supernatural things are real, we do not trouble ourselves about them. If that were to change, if Helzvog were to reveal himself to us, then we would accept the new information and revise our position.""It seems a cold world without something . . . more.""On the contrary," said Oromis, "it is a better world. A place where we are responsible for our own actions, where we can be kind to one another because we want to and because it is the right thing to do, instead of being frightened into behaving by the threat of divine punishment. I won't tell you what to believe, Eragon. It is far better to be taught to think critically and then be allowed to make your own decisions than to have someone else's notions thrust upon you. You asked after our religion, and I have answered you true. Make of it what you will.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|I don't understand German myself. I learned it at school, but forgot every word of it two years after I had left, and have felt much better ever since.
Gurcharan Das, The Difficulty of Being Good : On the Subtle Art of Dharma|Let us suppose that the great empire of China, with all its myriads of inhabitants, was suddenly swallowed up by an earthquake, and let us consider how a man of humanity in Europe, who had no sort of connection with that part of the world, would be affected upon receiving intelligence of this dreadful calamity. He would, I imagine, first of all, express very strongly his sorrow for the misfortune of that unhappy people, he would make many melancholy reflections upon the precariousness of human life, and the vanity of all the labours of man, which could thus be annihilated in a moment. He would too, perhaps, if he was a man of speculation, enter into many reasonings concerning the effects which this disaster might produce upon the commerce of Europe, and the trade and business of the world in general. And when all this fine philosophy was over, when all these humane sentiments had been once fairly expressed, he would pursue his business or his pleasure, take his repose or his diversion, with the same ease and tranquillity, as if no such accident had happened. The most frivolous disaster which could befall himself would occasion a more real disturbance. If he was to lose his little finger to-morrow, he would not sleep to-night; but, provided he never saw them, he will snore with the most profound security over the ruin of a hundred millions of his brethren, and the destruction of that immense multitude seems plainly an object less interesting to him, than this paltry misfortune of his own. To prevent, therefore, this paltry misfortune to himself, would a man of humanity be willing to sacrifice the lives of a hundred millions of his brethren, provided he had never seen them? Human nature startles with horror at the thought, and the world, in its greatest depravity and corruption, never produced such a villain as could be capable of entertaining it. But what makes this difference? When our passive feelings are almost always so sordid and so selfish, how comes it that our active principles should often be so generous and so noble? When we are always so much more deeply affected by whatever concerns ourselves, than by whatever concerns other men; what is it which prompts the generous, upon all occasions, and the mean upon many, to sacrifice their own interests to the greater interests of others? It is not the soft power of humanity, it is not that feeble spark of benevolence which Nature has lighted up in the human heart, that is thus capable of counteracting the strongest impulses of self-love. It is a stronger power, a more forcible motive, which exerts itself upon such occasions. It is reason, principle, conscience, the inhabitant of the breast, the man within, the great judge and arbiter of our conduct.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Will," she said softly, sleepily. "Last night--" You were kind to me, she was going to say. Thank you. The glare from his blue eyes stabbed through her. "There was no last night," he said through his teeth. At that, she sat up straight, almost awake. "Oh, truly? We just went right from one afternoon on through till the next morning? How odd no one else remarked on it. I should think it some miracle, a day with no night--
Carol Williams, A Journey Of Riches: The Gift In Challenge|What you focus upon, is what exists in your reality.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|It is not easy to be different, and even less so to be unique. But I begin to think I was never meant for an easy road.
Kamand Kojouri|I call you my soulmate because I lost myself in you and then found myself through you. Sure, when you are gone, I will be a fraction but the common denominator has always been me.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Knight|Mother, I will look to like. If looking liking moves.
F.S. Michaels, Monoculture: How One Story is Changing Everything|An encounter with other cultures can lead to openness only if you can suspend the assumption of superiority, not seeing new worlds to conquer, but new worlds to respect.
Killi Krupa Rani|The job of the Attorney General is very specific. My roll, as the legal adviser, is to defend the constitutionality of the laws as they're passed.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|What these critics forget is that printing presses in themselves provide no guarantee of an enlightened outcome. People, not machines, made the Renaissance. The printing that takes place in North Korea today, for instance, is nothing more than propaganda for a personality cult. What is important about printing presses is not the mechanism, but the authors.
Kate Griffin, A Madness of Angels|When we blaze, when we fight, when we rejoice, then I am all us, for that is all we are. When I am...afraid...we do not understand, do not like these things. We are me. It is...frightening, having to be me.
Camille Paglia|Men may be popular without being ambitious, but there is hardly an ambitious man who does not try to be popular.
Jenni Young|When you are feeling stressed, and you keep going over and over the same problem in your mind, with no solution, take action. Do anything to remove your energy from the issue. You will find that when you are proactive, your mind will become more clear, solutions will arise, and you will feel more self-confident. Free yourself from feeling like a victim and become victorious instead!
Rachel Cohn, Beta|I adore your anger and resentments; with such beauty,everything you do looks awesome.
Abhijit Naskar|India has always had a strange way with her conquerors. In defeat, she beckons them in, then slowly seduces, assimilates and transforms them. Over the centuries, many powers have defeated Indian armies; but none has ever proved immune to this capacity of the subcontinent to somehow reverse the current of colonisation, and to mould those who attempt to subjugate her. So vast is India, and so uniquely resilient and deeply rooted are her intertwined social and religious institutions, that all foreign intruders are sooner or later either shaken off or absorbed.
Tonny K. Brown|The mark of a great leader is not, only, one that found the courage to believe in themselves, but one, that was able to motivate others to take a look inward, and do the same.
Glenn Beck, Cowards: What Politicians, Radicals, and the Media Refuse to Say|The challenge has always been that "good people" don't know how to win elections
Ashly Lorenzana|Everyone lies to themselves, but many people do it with good intentions. They want to believe what they tell themselves, it is oftentimes the best possible version of reality for them. Although it may not be accurate, it is a mural of their desires, aspirations, optimism and passion. These people usually either need time or a new experience to discover the truth. People who lie to themselves for different reasons are oftentimes trying to avoid something or escape blame for things they have done.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Western capitalism will decay, but non-Western capitalism will not take its place, certainly not on a global scale, and neither will Western non-capitalism. As to non-Western capitalism, China will for many reasons not be able to take over as capitalism’s historical host and provide an orderly global environment for its further progress. Nor will there be a co-directorate of China and the United States amicably dividing between them the task of making the world safe for capitalism. And concerning non-capitalism, there is no such thing today as a global socialist movement, comparable to the socialisms that in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries so successfully confronted capitalism in national power struggles. As long as the capitalist dynamism continues to outrun collective order-making and the building of non-market institutions, as it has for several decades now, it disempowers both capitalism’s government and its opposition, with the result that capitalism can be neither reborn nor replaced.
Robert Collier|With fashion, you really need to understand the aspects of construction. Not just design on an iPad.
John Milton|Only add Deeds to thy knowledge answerable; add faith; Add virtue, patience, temperance; add love, By name to come called charity, the soul Of all the rest: then wilt thou not be loath To leave this Paradise; but shalt possess A paradise within thee, happier far.
Billy Wood-Smith, An Interrupted Love Story|Turn it off,” she said, her voice cracking.“It’s still good music,” Joe told her with an almost apologetic shrug.“It’s crap,” she breathed, still totally taken aback by the music playing again.He shook his head. “No, it’s not crap!” he said patiently and started peeling out of his sweater, trying hard not to get his braced hand caught in the sleeve. He emerged, his hair a bit messy, and tossed the sweater back towards the sofa.
Julia Gregson, East of the Sun|when we look up, it widens our horizons. we see what a little speck we are in the universe, so insignificant, and we all take ourselves so seriously, but in the sky, there are no boundaries. No differences of caste or religion or race.
Lorene Stunson Hill, To Dance with Ugly People|To paraphrase Forrest Gump, "Ugly is, as Ugly does!
Elin Hilderbrand, The Island|She had thought that 'depression' would be like sitting in a rocking chair and not being able to make it move. She had thought it would descend over her like a fog, turning things fuzzy, coloring them gray. But depression was active, it paced back and forth wringing its hands. She couldn't stop thinking; she couldn't find her way free from apprehension.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|I'm fighting now only for individual captive dolphins and dolphins in general but also for people, for the mind and sensibilities of future generations toward the world itself.
Charles Coulson|One is almost tempted to say... at last I can almost see a bond. But that will never be, for a bond does not really exist at all: it is a most convenient fiction which, as we have seen, is convenient both to experimental and theoretical chemists.
Brian L. Roberts|If we want to implement climate protection worldwide, countries like Germany, which are capable of developing new technologies, will have to hand over some of their knowledge. We can't expect to have our cake and eat it too.
Owen   Jones, The Establishment: And How They Get Away with It|Laws are make to be broken, but when you brake them, you either pay with money or with your freedom"Beta
Joyce Meyer|Resilience is accepting your new reality, even if it's less good than the one you had before.
Edward Wells II, Commuter: A Novella|To us he's like... like scenery, in the background of our lives, but for him, he's the main character. He has a life and a job and a whole story. He's a real person. And to him, we're the background scenery.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|May be you are gone,but that doesn’t make me come back
Cheri Gillard|You are in his car and your words taste like honey. The suns yolk is stretching over the road, with hues of pink and red ribbon pressed against the bruises of the sky. He is talking about mechanics or sugar factories, and you are touching the rings on your fingers. The windows are open and the wind is making a home in your bones. Your jeans are ripped, your perfume smells like lilacs, your nails painted the color of sea weed. You forget about noise. You forget about color. It’s your lungs - I think, it’s your lungs that are morphing into purple butter. You are in his car and you are Mozart composing art, Claude Monet painting Water Lilies, you are Aphrodite, you are Shakespeare. You are in his car and you can’t remember what salt feels like against your tongue. You are in his car and you are ocean, fire - lip, tongue, breath, sweat. You are in his car and you are telling him you love him. You are in his car and he is telling you he loves you back.
Paul Craig Roberts|I think that taking night trains or meeting someone on the road is pretty romantic. I've done a couple of things like that. I've surprised someone in Paris. And hopefully, when you surprise someone, they're happy to see you.
Nadia Aguiar|Is It Frightening To Be Free?""You said it.""You Say To People 'Throw Off Your Chains' And They Make New Chains For Themselves?""Seems to be a major human activity, yes.
Bill Gates|From the 1920s into the 1940s, Britain's standard of living was supported by oil from Iran. British cars, trucks, and buses ran on cheap Iranian oil. Factories throughout Britain were fueled by oil from Iran. The Royal Navy, which projected British power all over the world, powered its ships with Iranian oil.
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|The flawlessly beautiful were flawlessy happy, weren't they? To Kristy this had always seemed self-evident. Tonight, however, the alcohol made her wonder if envy hadn't blinded her. Perhaps to be flawless was another kind of sadness.
Christine Sinclair|The abortion license has not brought freedom and security to women. Rather, it has ushered in a new era of irresponsibility toward women and children, one that now begins before birth.
Germany Kent|You're going to make it;You're going to be at peace;You're going to create, and love, and laugh, and live;You're going to do great things.
Mark Rowlands|I chose to live in the Ether, to be starlight and legend....
Mikko Hypponen|The general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without fearing disgrace, whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for his sovereign, is the jewel of the kingdom.
William R. Forstchen, One Year After|Don't compare yourself to other MOMS... We are all just winging it, just some hide it better than others.
Adriano Bulla|Chess, I never thought that I will beat somebody on chess. I just thought that I'm too stupid to play chess, but it looks like the best in the class of math I beat him. He has in math as a result 5, I have 3 - Strange? I don't think so!
Cecelia Ahern, Love, Rosie|That was the kind of life she’d had as a child, and it was the kind she wanted as an adult. But it hadn’t worked out that way. Things in life seldomdid, she’d come to understand
Charleigh Rose, Misbehaved|You are but a tiny cluster upon the vines of heaven, where the grapes are worlds; yet you hold the power to ripen your bitter berries and add to the eternal vintage of cosmic sweetness if so you will.
Upasana Banerjee|If only tears could speak, they would tell the agony of the eyes.
Spike Milligan|I've got great people who handle my schedule, and everything does revolve around the children. If there's a parents' night or an Easter bonnet parade or a Nativity play, whatever it might be, then I plan everything around that.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|You were like reading a good novel. The kind were you wanted to turn every page, & never put it down... And absorb every second. But for whatever reason, that novel isn't there for me to read, & so, it's endless chapters are gone from my reach. And I don't dare to pretend to be surprised. But I do dare to wonder why.And though it's gone, I smile because it was the best novel I ever read. In those brief moments the novel of you possessed me, mind, body, & soul alike. I felt joy & adoration in such a degree, that if I never do again it'll be okay. When you read a great novel, you never forget it. And you never let go of the feeling of it in your mind. The captivating nature of it. But greater than a novel, not mere words on a page, but a reality. Reality in a vivid form that can't begin to be put into words. That words, could not touch.You're the kind of novel one would desperately want to finish. To keep near at hand & close at heart. But it can't be. And though it's a mournful & somber thought, there's enjoyment in the knowledge that for a brief moment in time, it was there. The novel of her, was a novel of breathtaking wonder. And if I never get to read another page, I'll cherish those I had the privilege of reading. And you can only hope that whoever reads it next, values it in the way you so know is deserved.
Fiona Skye, Faerie Tales|Yep, I was so mature, I decided I would just have to reward myself by doing the naked lambada with a Federal Agent.
Werner Herzog, Of Walking in Ice: Munich-Paris, 11/23 to 12/14, 1974|Meanwhile it's got stormy, the tattered fog even thicker, chasing across my path. Three people are sitting in a glassy tourist cafe between clouds and clouds, protected by glass from all sides. Since I don't see any waiters, it crosses my mind that corpses have been sitting there for weeks, statuesque. All this time the cafe has been unattended, for sure. Just how long have they been sitting here, petrified like this?
Amari Soul, Reflections Of A Man|You just have to say to yourself, "I am not willing to accept anything less than what I deserve! I am smart! I am Beautiful! I am a good woman and I deserve to be happy!" It all starts with you.
Jorge Luis Borges|Life is about juggling obligations, Valerie. You need to study smarter, not harder.
Boyz II Men|time made me stronger, you're no longer on my mind
Ray Bradbury|To feed your Muse, then, you should always have been hungry about life since you were a child. If not, it is a little late to start.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I have little left in myself -- I must have you. The world may laugh -- may call me absurd, selfish -- but it does not signify. My very soul demands you: it will be satisfied, or it will take deadly vengeance on its frame.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|He grinned, and right then it occurred to him that he hadn't enjoyed himself so much with a woman in a very long time. If Annabelle Granger were a few inches taller, a hell of a lot more sophisticated, better organized, less bossy, and more inclined to worship at his feet, she'd have made a perfect wife.
D.H. Lawrence|Who was there to guard youth from pain and death - youth who could not, who had never been able to, guard itself? Did they know too little? Or was it that they knew too much, and therefore thought they knew it all?
Jeri Gilchrist, Out of Nowhere|Remember that our Heavenly Father knows us perfectly and knows what's best for us . . . . Surely, His knowledge is greater than ours. We just have to have faith in Him. If we don't, well, that doesn't change what happened, it just makes us more miserable because we refuse to trust His will. Our Heavenly Father wants us to have joy. And happiness. But we need to look for those opportunities that give us joy. If we don't, what would be the purpose for existing?
Mary Barra|In terms of personalities - I don't care about the personalities, I want leadership that's in favor of my principles: free markets, adherence to the Constitution, and equal treatment for everyone under the law.
Alberto Caeiro|A kid thinking about fairy tales and believing in fairy talesActs like a sick god, but like a god.Because even though he affirms that what doesn’t exist exists,He knows things exist, that he exists,He knows existing exists and doesn’t explain itself,And he knows there’s no reason at all for anything to exist.He knows being is the point.All he doesn’t know is that thought isn’t the point.(10/1/1917)
Molly Ringle, Relatively Honest|I was not use to that kind of hunger, even as a poor college student.
Sarah Hall|Happiness depends not on what happens in your life, but how you live your life.
Gabriel García Márquez|It is a curious subject of observation and inquiry, whether hatred and love be not the same thing at bottom. Each, in its utmost development, supposes a high degree of intimacy and heart-knowledge; each renders one individual dependent for the food of his affections and spiritual fife upon another: each leaves the passionate lover, or the no less passionate hater, forlorn and desolate by the withdrawal of his subject. Philosophically considered, therefore, the two passions seem essentially the same, except that one happens to be seen in a celestial radiance, and the other in a dusky and lurid glow.
Frances Southwick, D.O|How tiring is residency? So tiring. When Jude and I went out to eat, I avoided ordering salad; I didn't have the energy to chew that much.
Eileen Granfors, Flash Warden and Other Stories|I met this boy here who I knew as a kid and his mum left him with a pedophile for two weeks when he was eight years old and I'm presuming you know everything there is to know about Jonah's father, and that my father is dead, and my mother hasn't been around for years, and God knows Jessa's real story. So what I'm saying here, Sergeant, is that we're just a tad low on the reliable adult quota so you have no right to be all self-righteous about what Chaz did and if you're going to go around not talking to him when his only crime was wanting me to have what he has, then I think you're going to turn out to be a bit of a dud and you know something? I'm just a bit over life's little disappointments right now. Do you understand what I'm saying?
Krysta Williams, Feminism FOR REAL: Deconstructing the Academic Industrial Complex of Feminism|Labelling is no longer a liberating political act but a necessity in order to gain entrance into the academic industrial complex and other discussions and spaces. For example, if so called “radical” or “progressive” people don’t hear enough “buzz” words (like feminist, anti-oppression, anti-racist, social justice, etc.) in your introduction, then you are deemed unworthy and not knowledgeable enough to speak with authority on issues that you have lived experience with. The criteria for identifying as a feminist by academic institutions, peer reviewed journals, national bodies, conferences, and other knowledge gatekeepers is very exclusive. It is based on academic theory instead of based on lived experiences or values. Name-dropping is so elitist! You're not a "real" feminist unless you can quote, or have read the following white women: (insert Women's Studies 101 readings).
Thomas Jefferson|The care of human life and happiness, and their destruction is the first and only legitimate object of a good government.
Scott Turow|Civilization has given us enormous successes: going to the moon, technology. But then this is the civilisation that took us to debt, environmental crisis, every single crisis. We need a civilization where we say goodbye to these things.
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|She had to live in this bright, red gabled house with the nurse until it was time for her to die... I thought how little we know about the feelings of old people. Children we understand, their fears and hopes and make-believe.
Robert M. Price|Salvation in its true and full meaning is synonymous with exaltation or eternal life and consists in gaining an inheritance in the highest of the three heavens within the celestial kingdom. With few exceptions this is the salvation of which the scriptures speak. It is the salvation which the saints seek. (Mormon Doctrine, 2nd ed., Salt Lake City: Bookcraft, 1966, p. 670.)
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|This is me today, but take heed; it is not the same me as yesterday, and it will not be the same me tomorrow.
Jack  Dempsey, How to Fight Tough|A champion is someone ho gets up, een when he can't
Ross  Turner, Reaper|Love is the only emotion so unexplainable and unique, that not even the greatest of writers could hope to contain it within their meagre words.
Karen Blixen|Of all the idiots I have met in my life, and the Lord knows they have not been few or little, I think that I have been the biggest.
James Lane Allen|As so many commitments demand your timeOr your shut-eye important be,Your attraction to me must in some way lack,Such a pity to spend time on thee.
Tracy Brogan, Love Me Sweet|He was just drifting off when he heard her soft whisper. "Cooper?"	"Still here." Maybe she'd changed her mind about the sheet. The thought made his body twitch. Yeah, she was going to toss that damn thing aside and roll toward him. She'd wrap that hot little bod tight to his, and he'd ---	"Thank you." Breanne said very quietly.	He blinked. "Thank you? He slid his hand down to cup himself. Still hard. Nope, he hadn't missed anything...
N.D. Jones, Of Fear and Faith|I don’t need a ritual to tell me we have a biological connection, or that the gods have already decided we complement each other. Even with that, Sanura, we have our own free will. If we decide to begin a relationship, I want it to be because we want to be together, not because biology or the gods say we should be together.
Gregory Galloway, The 39 Deaths of Adam Strand|After ten pages I felt that Nietzsche was reading me, not I him.
Annie Dillard, Living by Fiction|I think science works the way a tightrope walker works: by not looking at its feet. As soon as it looks at its feet, it realizes its operating in midair.
Erica Ridley, The Brigadier's Runaway Bride|I may be dead inside, but I'm more than alive enough for you." He gripped her chin and covered her mouth with his.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Summer is the time for squabbles. In winter, we must protect one another, keep each other warm, share our strengths.
J.L. McCoy, The Original Sin|Tied to the physical, deaf to the eternal, riveted by my own shortcomings, I was thinking only of what a bad choice I'd made when choosing a partner for a chat. This guy was faking timidity to lure someone over. If I said victim, he was likely to start gnawing my neck. If I said vampire, he would demand proof. I hadn't the fangs enough to back that pretension.
Alan Bradley, A Red Herring Without Mustard|Lady Kingsley, when you read this, do attempt to keep an open mind.”“I will if you will,” she retorted hotly.To her surprise, he chuckled. “I daresay neither of us will. It’s a pity, too, because if we could ever see our way clear to agreeing on a matter, we might accomplish a great deal of good in this world.”It infuriated her that he could pretend to care even one whit for these boys. “Now you’ve confused me. I’d assumed that your reason for serving on so many charitable boards was to further your political aims. Yet all the time you were merely hoping to accomplish some ‘good in this world.’ How very astonishing.”Just that quickly, his amusement vanished. “While I don’t pretend to be as morally superior as you and your late husband, my intentions are good, no matter what you make of them. It may shock you to learn that those of us with character flaws sometimes do as much good as those of you without.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|For you cannot live in New York City very long and not be conscious of the niceties of being rich—the city is, after all, an ecstatic exercise in merchandising—and one evening of his visit to Venezuela Sutherland sat straight up when he read a line of Santayana’s: “Money is the petrol of life.
Terry Spear, Phantom Fae|There's something about the thousands of glittering lights, the veil of nighttime that almost makes this place beautiful, especially in the reflection of the water. It makes everything askew, disoriented. There's more truth in a ripple of water than in a clear day.
Tom Chatfield|Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.
Cambria Hebert, #Hater|Then where is home, Johannes?" He looks at the maps on his wall. "I don't know," He says. "Where comfort is. And that is hard to find.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|A man who writes a story is forced to put into it the best of his knowledge and the best of his feeling. The discipline of the written word punishes stupidity and dishonesty. A writer lives in awe of words for they can be cruel or kind, and they can change their meanings right in front of you.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|And except on a certain kind of winter evening—six-thirty in the Seventies, say, already dark and bitter with a wind off the river, when I would be walking very fast toward a bus and would look in the bright windows of brownstones and see cooks working in clean kitchens and and imagine women lighting candles on the floor above and beautiful children being bathed on the floor above that—except on nights like those, I never felt poor; I had the feeling that if I needed money I could always get it.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|You integrate something by first of all accepting it. To resist any aspect of your past is to keep yourself fragmented, and to keep yourself fragmented is exactly what the built-in mechanisms of the negative beliefs in your unconscious mind are designed to do. To become whole within yourself, you must treat each and every experience that you have and ever will have as simply a stepping stone because there’s always a bigger picture. Something challenging may be happening to you right now, and you may have no conscious recognition or idea of why it’s happening, but let me assure you that you will know why one day. How many times have you said to yourself, “Wow, so that’s why it happened?” The issue isn’t really what’s going on in the present moment or what has happened back in the past, the issue is the way you’re defining or looking it…
Jennifer   Wilson, New World: Rising|Love is blind; people aren't.Chubby Chaser, 11/21/14
Peter Dinklage|Nobody enjoys the 'little show about nothing' humor more than me, but that is never the way I look at it.
Jennifer Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|Perhaps there is something good that had come from this war: everything has been turned around, all the unfairness made grimly plain. It has given us everyday women a voice - dared us to stand up for ourselves, and to stand up for others. We have less to lose in this world of chaos and death, after all.
Jean Houston|...and when he thought about the way she laughed, as though she owned the air around her, his heart thundered inside his chest, a lonely rada.
Sophy Burnham|To believe in God or in a guiding force because someone tells you to is the height of stupidity. We are given senses to receive our information within. With our own eyes we see, and with our own skin we feel. With our intelligence, it is intended that we understand. But each person must puzzle it out for himself or herself.
Mark Twain, Roughing It|Which is him?" The grammar was faulty, maybe, but we could not know, then, that it would go in a book someday.
Alice  Miller, Banished Knowledge: Facing Childhood Injuries|Cruelty is the opposite of love, and its traumatic effect, far from being reduced, is actually reinforced if it is presented as a sign of love.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Challenges prepare us for something greater! Only when it's done with love, can this greatness change us and fulfill our highest good!
George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion|There's only one way of escaping trouble; and that's killing things." Henry Higgins, Act V, Pygmalion
Deana J. Driver, Never Leave Your Wingman: Dionne and Graham Warner's Story of Hope|I know who you are...I've fallen hard for that person, and I sure as hell am not going to let you fade into your past.
Jean-Jacques Annaud|Really interesting genre films, especially monster movies, evoke the fears of the times intentionally. Our starting point was 'Godzilla' - the original movie was released less than 10 years after Hiroshima, and it's a classic in Japan.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|There’s nothing wonderful or interesting about unrequited love. I think it’s shitty, just plain shitty. To love someone who doesn’t return your affections might be exciting in books, but in life it’s unbearably boring. I’ll tell you what’s exciting: sweaty, passionate nights. But sitting on the veranda outside the home of a sleeping woman who isn’t dreaming about you is slow moving and just plain sad.
Katarina Bivald, The Readers of Broken Wheel Recommend|For as long as she could remember, she had thought that autumn air went well with books, that the two both somehow belonged with blankets, comfortable armchairs, and big cups of coffee or tea.
Paul Samuelson|I pride myself in being an aficionado of the British seaside. Throughout my career, I have visited and worked in many of the famous British resorts, from Great Yarmouth to Largs.
Charles A. Beard|Men lose all the material things they leave behind them in this world, but they carry with them the reward of their charity and the alms they give. For these, they will receive from the Lord the reward and recompense they deserve.
Delicious David, Dark Desires: II Gay Erotic Poems|imagine the desertmothers, with hair tangledtighter than their theologyand breasts that flowed milkand mystic wisdom. theyknew how to draw the singingsigils in the sand, how to digrough and bitten fingersinto desiccated dirt for waterto wet the lips of their young.women of hips and heft, wholearned how to burnbeneath the wild and searingsun, who made loud loveagainst the star-flecked threatof night, who knew that strengthis not always a matter of muscle.imagine your ancestresses,the prophetesses of the aridlands, before these starchedtraditions and pews too hardto pray from, who bled trueritual and birthed their own fiercesouls at creation's crowning --
Nurudeen Ushawu|you have learned, and you claim that you know, and yet you live like an ignorant.
Dominique Wilson, That Devil's Madness|Human hearts are such pathetic, frail little things… like Ego wrapped in needy insecurity stuffed inside a glass box, so easily shattered.
Thomas Lux|THE VOICE YOU HEAR WHEN YOU READ SILENTLYis not silent, it is a speaking-out-loud voice in your head; it is *spoken*,a voice is *saying* itas you read. It's the writer's words,of course, in a literary sensehis or her "voice" but the soundof that voice is the sound of *your* voice.Not the sound your friends knowor the sound of a tape played backbut your voicecaught in the dark cathedralof your skull, your voice heardby an internal ear informed by internal abstractsand what you know by feeling,having felt. It is your voicesaying, for example, the word "barn"that the writer wrotebut the "barn" you sayis a barn you know or knew. The voicein your head, speaking as you read,never says anything neutrally- some peoplehated the barn they knew,some people love the barn they knowso you hear the word loadedand a sensory constellationis lit: horse-gnawed stalls,hayloft, black heat tape wrappinga water pipe, a slipperyspilled *chirr* of oats from a split sack,the bony, filthy haunches of cows...And "barn" is only a noun- no verbor subject has entered into the sentence yet!The voice you hear when you read to yourselfis the clearest voice: you speak itspeaking to you. ~~-Thomas Lux
Clive Owen|It doesn't matter if you're a man or a woman - stay alert and focused on your surroundings. Travel with friends. Know where you are at all times, and never let your guard down.
Project Itoh|Owning pipelines, people, products, or even intellectual property is no longer the key to success. Openness is.
Dennis L. Bark, Americans and Europeans: Dancing in the Dark - On Our Differences and Affinities, Our Interests, and Our Habits of Life|The future is not in the hands of fate, but in ours.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|One common cause of this mistake of preferring to imagine and admire a great ideal instead of beginning to do little deeds is our impatience with little baby steps, our lack of humility.
Haskell Wexler|I really want to meet and work with JJ Abrams. Everyone talks about what a nice director he is, and he has kids and stuff, so he sounds really awesome, not to mention he makes awesome movies.
Vladimir Putin|I'm in awe of the universe, but I don't necessarily believe there's an intelligence or agent behind it. I do have a passion for the visual in religious rituals, though, even though they may be completely empty and bereft of substance. The incense is powerful and provocative, whether Buddhist or Catholic.
Alin Sav|In a Church, user experience is the ultimate marketing and branding strategy. The experience is the product that leads to faith.
Brittany Cavallaro, A Study in Charlotte|Our honor means no more than our lives, so long as the realm is safe.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|Slavery was, in fact, a social system designed to destroy social capital among slaves and between slaves and freemen.
G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World|The modern mind is forced towards the future by a certain sense of fatigue, not unmixed with terror, with which it regards the past. It is propelled towards the coming time; it is, in the exact words of the popular phrase, knocked into the middle of next week. And the goad which drives it on thus eagerly is not an affectation for futurity Futurity does not exist, because it is still future. Rather it is a fear of the past; a fear not merely of the evil in the past, but of the good in the past also. The brain breaks down under the unbearable virtue of mankind. There have been so many flaming faiths that we cannot hold; so many harsh heroisms that we cannot imitate; so many great efforts of monumental building or of military glory which seem to us at once sublime and pathetic. The future is a refuge from the fierce competition of our forefathers. The older generation, not the younger, is knocking at our door. It is agreeable to escape, as Henley said, into the Street of By-and-Bye, where stands the Hostelry of Never. It is pleasant to play with children, especially unborn children. The future is a blank wall on which every man can write his own name as large as he likes; the past I find already covered with illegible scribbles, such as Plato, Isaiah, Shakespeare, Michael Angelo, Napoleon. I can make the future as narrow as myself; the past is obliged to be as broad and turbulent as humanity. And the upshot of this modern attitude is really this: that men invent new ideals because they dare not attempt old ideals. They look forward with enthusiasm, because they are afraid to look back.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|When even one virtue becomes our nature, the mind becomes clean and tranquil. Then there is no need to practice meditation; we will automatically be meditating always. (151)
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is only one thing to be done," went on the old lady, "be simple and quiet. Whenever your soul begins to be disturbed and anxious, put yourself in His Hands, and refuse to decide for yourself. It is easy, so easy.
Emil M. Cioran|If just once you were depressed for no reason, you have been so all your life without knowing it.Becoming: an agony without an ending.The older I grow, the less I enjoy performing my little Hamlet. The desire to die was my one and only concern; to it I have sacrificed everything, even death. If History had a goal, how lamentable would be the fate of those of us who have accomplished nothing!On the frontiers of the self: ‘What I have suffered, what I am suffering, no one will ever know, not even I’. Events - tumours of time.Man secretes disaster.The secret of my adaptation to life? - I’ve changed despairs the way I’ve changed shirts. Each day is a Rubicon in which I aspire to be drowned.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Try repeating “man is an animal" a few times, just to notice how unconvincing it sounds. There seems to be no way to get this idea into our heads, except by long rumination over the facts of evolution or perhaps by exposure to a primitive tribe or by being raised on a farm. Primitives sometimes see little difference between themselves and the animals around them. Karl von den Steinen was told by a Xingu that the only difference between them and the monkey was that they monkeys lacked the bow and arrow. And Jules Henry observed on the Kningang that dogs are not considered pets, like some of the other animals, but are on a level of emotional equality, like a relative. But in our own Western culture we have, for the most part, set a great distance between ourselves and the rest of nature, and language helps us to do this. Thus we say that a sheep “drops" its lamb, but a woman “gives birth"—it’s much more noble. Yet we have the right to make such distinctions because we assign the meaning to the world by naming names of things; we inhabit a different sphere and we capitalize naturally on the privilege.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Read, re-read! Every word you read is a food for thy soul!
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|There are so many men, all endlessly attempting to sweep me off my feet. And there is one of you, trying just the opposite. Making sure my feet are firm beneath me, lest I fall.
Bono|David was "a star, the Elvis of the Bible." An unusually for such a rockstar with his lust for power, lust for women, lust for life, he had humility of one who knew his gift work harder than he ever would.
Goitsemang Mvula|Allaah has not bestowed any blessing upon His slaves then taken it away and replaced it with patience, but what He has compensated them with is better than what He has taken away.
Barry White|I think ultimately I make people happy: Whether I'm doing the stage show, giving somebody a makeover, or designing clothing, the end goal is to make people smile.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|That was how we wanted to play, majestic and chaotic.
Sunday Adelaja|Spiritual regeneration is a change on the inside of a person or nation as a a result of coming to Jesus, and a change of value system in his life
C.S. Lewis, Perelandra|God can make good use of all that happens, but the loss is real.
Tamara Stamenkovic|You found me under the thousand stars, shining above us at the night. You found me and you wanted me to shine for you.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|Snuggling comfortably in her corner, Beatrix gave her older sister a perplexed glance. “Win? You have the oddest look on your face. Is something the matter?” Win had frozen in the act of lifting a teacup to her lips, her blue eyes round with alarm. Following her sister’s gaze, Amelia saw a small reptilian creature slithering up Beatrix’s shoulder. A sharp cry escaped her lips, and she moved forward with her hands raised. Beatrix glanced at her shoulder. “Oh, drat. You’re supposed to stay in my pocket.” She plucked the wriggling object from her shoulder and stroked him gently. “A spotted sand lizard,” she said. “Isn’t he adorable? I found him in my room last night.” Amelia lowered her hands and stared dumbly at her youngest sister. “You’ve made a pet of him?” Win asked weakly. “Beatrix, dear, don’t you think he would be happier in the forest where he belongs?” Beatrix looked indignant. “With all those predators? Spot wouldn’t last a minute.” Amelia found her voice. “He won’t last a minute with me, either. Get rid of him, Bea, or I’m going to flatten him with the nearest heavy object I can find.” “You would murder my pet?” “One doesn’t murder lizards, Bea. One exterminates them.” Exasperated, Amelia turned to Merripen. “Find some cleaning women in the village, Merripen. God knows how many other unwanted creatures are lurking in the house. Not counting Leo.” Merripen disappeared at once. “Spot is the perfect pet,” Beatrix argued. “He doesn’t bite, and he’s already house-trained.” “I draw the line at pets with scales.” Beatrix stared at her mutinously. “The sand lizard is a native species of Hampshire—which means Spot has more right to be here than we do.” “Nevertheless, we will not be cohabiting.
Pooja Hegde|For the Trump brand name, when we build, we want only the best buildings in the world. We travel a lot to see real estate projects worldwide, and we always study what can be done better. There's no question about it: a Trump Tower has to have the very best quality, amenities and facilities. People want that ultra-luxurious lifestyle.
Dr. Donald Batten|There really is, for humankind there’s really no such thing as race. There’s different tribes but not different races. We’re all one species.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.
Margaret Mead|I change my style maybe every month. I'm, like, punk one month, ghetto fab the next, classy the next. I'm just young and finding out who I am.
John W. Dean, Conservatives Without Conscience|Social conservatism and neoconservatism have revived authoritarian conservatism, and not for the better of conservatism or American democracy. True conservatism is cautious and prudent. Authoritarianism is rash and radical. American democracy has benefited from true conservatism, but authoritarianism offers potentially serious trouble for any democracy.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|...and often Lisa thought bitterly of the ideas she had held on "college life" before coming to Denton, ideas and images culled from a hundred magazine stories and as many movies. Where were the convertibles, the secret bottles of liquor, the gay young men and their wild girl friends?
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Everyone who tells a story tells it differently, just to remind us that everybody sees it differently
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|What do I care how 'e looks? I am good-looking enough for both of us, I theenk! All these scars show is zat my husband is brave!
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|She had been his talisman, his cure for the insecurities and worries that he knew deep down didn't really matter, but somehow had always managed to get the best of him.
Margaret Atwood, The Penelopiad|I see murky visions of other gods and rival magic."That REALLY didn't sound good."What do you mean?" I asked. "what OTHER GODS?""I don't know, Sadie. But Egypt has always faced challenges from outside –– magicians from elsewhere, even gods from elsewhere. Just be vigilant."~Ruby & Sadie Kane about...? Possibly Greeks?
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Mood has to be controlled.Otherwise, it's your master.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|But every tomorrow has led to today— to us being alone, hungry, and cold on an unknown island somewhere in the South Pacific.
Moza bint Nasser|The absolute dependence of a newborn infant inspired many things in me, but it did not activate any magical knowledge about what to do for the next twenty years.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Pretentiousness isn't always just big words and meaningless jargon, but also pretty words that either when put into action don't mean beans or hurt you in the long run. Oftentimes, the former appeals to the intellect whereas the latter appeals to the heart.
Greenway Heirs|And now here I was in McDonald's again for the first time since my earlier fracas. I vowed to behave myself, but McDonald's is just too much for me. I ordered a chicken sandwich and a Diet Coke.'Do you want fries with that?' the young man serving me asked.I hesitated for a moment, and in a pained but patient tone said: 'No. That's why I didn't ask for fries, you see.''We're just told to ask like,' he said.'When I want fries, generally I say something like, "I would like some fries, too, please." That's the system I use.''We're just told to ask like,' he repeated.'Do you need to know the other things I don't want? It is quite a long list. In fact, it is everything you serve except for the two things I asked for.''We're just told to ask like,' he repeated yet again, but in a darker voice, and deposited my two items on a tray and urged me, without the least hint of sincerity, to have a nice day.I realized that I probably wasn't quite ready for McDonald's yet.
Mohammed Sekouty|But attempts to evade anxiety are not only doomed to failure. In running from anxiety you lose your most precious opportunities for the emergence of yourself, and for your education as s human being.
Ian McEwan, Sweet Tooth|Progress means to be true to the world, If we need to make a change.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Being a cheerful hobbit, he had not needed hope, as long as despair could be postponed.
Lian Hearn, Autumn Princess, Dragon Child|But, as your saints teach and we have always known, attachment enslaves you. Only those free from it see the world as it really is and have power over themselves and all things.
Louise Penny, The Cruelest Month|She knew that kindness kills. All her life she'd suspected this and so she'd only ever been cold and cruel. She'd faced kindness with cutting remarks. She'd curled her lips at smiling faces. She'd twisted every thoughtful, considerate act into an assault. Everyone who was nice to her, who was compassionate and loving, she rebuffed.Because she'd loved them. Loved them with all her heart, and wouldn't see them hurt. Because she'd known all her life that the surest way to hurt someone, to maim and cripple them, was to be kind. If people were exposed, they die. Best to teach them to be armored, even if it meant she herself was forever alone. Sealed off from human touch.
Robert Downey, Jr.|Military dictatorship is born from the power of the gun, and so it undermines the concept of the rule of law and gives birth to a culture of might, a culture of weapons, violence and intolerance.
Louise Glück|Up here it seems we have only the stars, but even they seem small in the midst of that terrifying night sky...I suppose even monsters can be afraid of the dark.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|She’d taken care of me in all the ways my body needed, but the devastation of my rape had made me feel the weight of the essential way she had neglected me: she hadn’t nurtured the potential of my strong and healthy independence.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|If you look at it, life is like one big series of lessons, that starts the moment we are born.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|She's just jealous, people say, as if jealousy is something minor. But it's not, it's the worst, it's the worst feeling there is - incoherent and confused and shameful, and at the same time self-righteous and focused and hard as glass, like a view through a telescope. A feeling of total concentration, but total powerlessness.
Sanhita Baruah|When you know the inside stories, no matter how good looks the cover, you just cannot appreciate it...
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|Our hearts, the war.Her body, the battlefield.
Jennifer Hudson|It's difficult for me to trust a woman. Men are attracted to beautiful women. Women are attracted to men who offer security - financial security. And if you have money and you're famous, women find that sexy.
Penelope Douglas, Corrupt|Like the teens I worked with, I understood the need for miracles--they kept reality from paralyzing you
Dada Bhagwan|If one’s mind becomes conflict-free, that is ‘moksha’; conflict filled mind, that is worldly life.
Terry Pratchett, Unseen Academicals|I wished for you on every shooting star when I was little. Now, if I gathered all of the stars I wished for you on, none could ever shine brighter than you. You are my shooting star, Ren. You are here with me walking this beach. I may have fucked up, but I swear to you, to God, and every single star in this sky, I will never give you up!”Stefan
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|They say when you meet the love of your life, time stops, and that's true. What they don't tell you is that when it starts again, it moves extra fast to catch up.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|When you are dealing with an invisible enemy,use most resources as shield, and a bit as a bait.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons From Solo Moments in New York|Whether you need to make a call or answer one,don’t put your passions on hold.
Rivka Galchen, Little Labors|The mother of an adult child sees her work completed and undone at the same time.' If this holds true, I may have to withstand not only rage, but also my undoing. Can one prepare for one's undoing? How has my mother withstood mine? Why do I continue to undo her, when what I want to express above all else is that I lover her very much?
Don Bluth|I think we are at the very beginning of high changes, not only in terms of digital film, but in the way the movies will be screened, whether they'll be screened on phones, on computers - on everything.
Albert Claude|We must vote for hope, vote for life, vote for a brighter future for all of our loved ones.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Only in the moments of being alone in the darkness on the raft, will you have the space to speak, listen, and to act from the heart. Only in the moments of pain, do we begin to empathize with humankind. Only when you are lost, you will find new meaning. Float on.
Marion Cotillard|I don't have any superstitions, but what I always travel with is my pillow and my coffee.
Marta Acosta, The Shadow Girl of Birch Grove|Wait," I say. "Aren't soulmates supposed to be perfect? What if you find yours and shes not a virgin, not even a girl? What if he's a fixer upper? What if he has an STD?
David Suzuki|Every person gets negative things, they learn from those negative things, and you become a positive person.
Sundar Singh|Surely your longings and feelings arise from the God who created you. They were created in order to be filled, not crushed. Surely we shall find peace not by eliminating desire, but by finding its fulfillment and satisfaction in the One who created it.
Ogden Nash|You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
Moonshine Noire|(...) pick up your axe, start at the rootsdon't miss the trunk, never forget:to end life truly and finallystart at the roots or end there.
Jessica Kristie|In that wounded place,buried betweenmy ribs and letting go,I miss you.
Shirley Parenteau, Ship of Dolls|Rain clouds and stormy moods take time to blow away, but sooner or later the sun always comes out.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|She's really gone, then. The little girl with the back of her shirt sticking out like a duck tail, the one who needed help reaching the dishes, and who begged to see the frosted cakes in the bakery window. Time and tragedy have forced her to grow too quickly, at least for my taste, into a young woman who stitches beeding wounds and knows our mother can hear only so much.
Osip Mandelstam, Selected Poems|Where to start?Everything cracks and shakes,The air trembles with similes,No one world's better than another;the earth moans with metaphors.
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|By doing, I learn what to do. By going, I learn where to go. One day, by dying, I'll learn how to die, and leave the world and hope to land in light.
Joshua Oppenheimer|I want roles without anger and feistiness. I want to show weakness and sadness, some love, some happiness.
Tennessee Williams|The last we heard of him was a picture postcard from Mazatlan, on the Pacific coast of Mexico, containing a message of two words: "Hello - Goodbye!" and no address.
Thomas Szasz, Cruel Compassion: Psychiatric Control of Society's Unwanted|Duty is a good thing, a calling without which no civilization can survive, but it is also a weight and chain that sometimes seems sure to sink you to the airless bottom of a dark pool
Unarine Ramaru|Start looking at the glass as half full and not half empty, a positive life is secondary to you being positive.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|I want to kiss you.” It was rather magical, she thought, how those five simple words, said in his lovely deep voice, could set her aflame, like a lamp tipped over and burning up everything in sight. She said: “Well, kiss me then.” “How imperious you are.” He smiled, came close, and set his hand gently under her chin. He bent and touched his lips to hers, lightly, sweetly, and it was as if her whole being rushed to meet him in his kiss. It was light, sweet, tender, caressing, demanding, and fiery hot all at once. How did he do that? There was absolutely no doubt about it. He was an excellent kisser. She could easily get used to this.
John  David, The Carrot and The Stick: A Call to Action|There is no one force, no group, and no class that is the preserver of liberty. Liberty is preserved by those who are against the existing chief power. Oppositions which do not express genuine social forces are as trivial, in relation to entrenched power, as the old court jesters.
Tare Munzara|Belief is the creed of the fearless.. Follow through your dreams religiously ,keep it running like the DNA embedded in your system... Believe
Javier Marías|There was nothing dishonourable in not being blown about by every little modern wind. Better to have worth, to entrench, to be an oak of one's own generation.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|We are all here to contribute our gifts toward something greater than ourselves, and will never be content unless we are.
Martin Suarez|Tell your children the most important things To Be when they grow up, is to be kind and compassionate, to be loving and grateful, and to be happy and at peace with who they are, no matter of what they chose to do when they grow up.
Northern Adams, Mickey and the Gargoyle|Diversion is the absolute worst remedy for depression. When we ignore the things that haunt us or taunt us, not only do they keep coming back, but they’re bigger and stronger each time they return. Stop shoving us depressives in that direction.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|You need to know it's your actions that will make you a good person, not desire.
Latif Mercado|It's Easy To Feel Like A Big Fish, When Your Pond is Just A Puddle!
Anthony T. Hincks|You may silence the critics, but you don't silence the pain.
Holly Mosier|We have a right to decide how we want our bodies to look and feel, but unfortunately we do not exercise these rights. Instead, we tend to drift along, victims of our own ignorance of the fact that we can have what we want, if we are willing to take that first step toward developing the self-discipline to govern our thoughts.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|We share out craziness, our neuroses, our little bit of screwed-up-ness that comes from our family. We share it. And it feels like love.
Nancy Reagan|If you're going to put yourself above everybody else, you might end up alone.
Sami Leino, Startup Africa: A must-read guide for curious minds and anyone aiming to do business in Africa|Europe is made of history,America of philosophy,Asia of prosperity,and Africa of opportunity.
Shawn Michael Severud, Perdida: Essays to Be Read While Intoxicated|I knew we were not alone, but there was something in the air, something good and pure that reassured me. It’s a beautiful energy, and has been with me ever since.
Lorin Morgan-Richards|One day stores will no longer have gender classifications. Instead the consumer decides how and what they want, rather than the social engineering of corporations. The concept of gender will be extinct.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I had seen a different side of her, the one where she didn't feel threatened by me, and I liked that side. That side was vulnerable and happy and kind.
Donal Ryan, The Thing About December|There’s always another option.There’s always another one.It’s never only 'this' or 'that,'The moon or else the sun.Don’t sigh and choose the greaterOr lesser of two plights.But look to see the stars beyondFor options vast and bright.
Michael Hayden|If the whole U.S. was like Silicon Valley, we'd be in good shape. But now, the entire U.S. is not driven by technology, is not driven by innovation.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Ryukyu Kobujutsu : Bo - Tanbo - Toifa|. . in Old Karate, you learned you Art through pain. You learned quickly that your techniques had to be fast or powerful or both. If you did not embrace pain and it's lessons adequately, you simply did not survive
Mumia Abu-Jamal|Each day of not writing, of comfort, of being that which he despised, dulled his ability and softened his will to work so that, finally, he did no work at all.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Human glory is not just found in what people were originally created to be – the image of dynamic God, spiritually functioning like him in the physical world. This glory is displayed even more powerfully in what they are now redeemed to be – the image of his Son, Jesus Christ.
Brandi L. Bates|You are not property. If you choose to leave, no one will stop you.
Naomi Wolf|Kids are naturally gifted at art from a very young age. The problem is when they get older and become self-conscious. The process should always be fun, though.
William Gaddis|Donald Trump is actually the voice of the silent majority, and I think he's awoken that silent majority. People are very angry, and the people who are the most angry are actually the legal immigrants who see their jobs fleeing.
Tracey Kidder|...Stella’s tiny butt stuck in the air as she stretched to reach a weed. She was wearing a pair of jeans and a button-down pink and white checked shirt that was tucked into the elastic waistband of her pants. She reminded Rusty of an elf. “Excuse me, Stella?” “You stop right there if you have trouble on your mind. As you can see, I have plenty of birds, and I’ll knock you out with one of them,” Stella said without looking up. Rusty wanted to say that she’d yank up her own plastic flamingo and work Stella over with it in a heartbeat. Instead, she took a calming breath and said, “I made something you might like to have.” “If it’s a grenade launcher, I’m listening, Achmed.
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|Be thankful when you find yourself worrying about the smallest things, for it often means there aren't any bigger things to truly worry about.
Joseph Addison|Every year its a blessing year, because it brings another years in advance
Lidiya K., This Moment|Most of the pain we experience, whether we realize it or not, comes from the fantasies we live in.We create our own worlds, where there are certain rules, things to be done and said and events to happen. And every time that doesn’t go according to the plan (which, basically, means anything because we have no control over what might happen and can’t predict it), we panic.
Tabitha Suzuma, A Voice in the Distance|They say that depression makes you see everything in a negative light. I disagree. It makes you see things for what they are. It makes you take off the fucking rose-tinted glasses and look around and see the world as it really is- cruel, harsh and unfair. It makes you see people in their true colours- stupid, shallow and self-absorbed. All that ridiculous optimism, all that carpe diem and life-is-what-you-make-of-it. Words, jsut empty words in an attempt to give meaning to an existence taht is both doomed and futile.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Grandfather looked away from me and out to sea, and when he spoke, it was as though he spoke to himself. “The obligations of normal human kindness – chesed, as the Hebrew has it – that we all owe. But there’s a kind of vanity in thinking you can nurse the world. There’s a kind of vanity in goodness.”I could hardly believe my ears. “But aren’t we supposed to be good?”“I’m not sure.” Grandfather’s voice was heavy. “I do know that we’re not good, and there’s a lot of truth to the saying that the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|I wish I could read what she's written there. Instead, I pretend the letters are stars. The words, constellations.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|I was a man fifteen years older than she, you understand. I had reached that stage in life where I identified with cynical villains in a book.
Nikki Rowe|The girl was a gypsy before an illness took control of her legs, now she watches in awe the world pass by whilst stillness teaches her about inner strength.
Paul Weller|I've loved car racing all my life. I watch NASCAR regularly, and drag racing because we have Raceway Park in New Jersey. I think I got it from my father.
Michael Morpurgo, Toto: The Dog-Gone Amazing Story of the Wizard of Oz|Home.” This was my mantra, my four-letter savior.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|Relations be it personal or with customers are very sensitive in nature, If you only remember people in time of your need, they will surely not return the favor, instead their favor will benefit someone who often keeps in touch without any visible benefits. The relationship will last longer if we start earning it & not take it for granted.
David Mamet|You see it everywhere and everyone seems to be doing it but you. You could have had it as well, and you know it, and that’s what bothers you. Your worst enemy is yourself, and sadly, you know that what you did wasn't worth what you lost.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|My funeral," the Blue Man said. "Look at the mourners. Some did not even know me well, yet they came. Why? Did you ever wonder? Why people gather when others die? Why people feel they should?"It is because the human spirit knows, deep down, that all lives intersect. That death doesn't just take someone, it misses someone else, and in the small distance between being taken and being missed, lives are changed."You say you should have died instead of me. But during my time on earth, people died instead of me, too. It happens every day. When lightning strikes a minute after you are gone, or an airplane crashes that you might have been on. When your colleague falls ill and you do not. We think such things are random. But there is a balance to it all. One withers, another grows. Birth and death are part of a whole."It is why we are drawn to babies . . ." He turned to the mourners. "And to funerals.
Jennifer Wilson, New World: Rising|I know you’re scared. I’m scared too, all of the time. But I have been running for the last six years and I can’t run anymore. Our world is falling apart. We aren’t living, not really. We are just… surviving.
Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress|Had we but world enough, and time
Andrea Hirataira|I wanted to climb to the summit of challenges, attack my way through hardships as solid as granite, tempt all sorts of peril, and break through mysteries with science. I longed to inhale all sorts of experience and then explore the labyrinthine ins and outs of life that in the end cannot be guessed. I yearned for possibilities that react with each other, like the collision of uranium molecules: binding, multiplying, bursting, and dispersing in unexpected directions. I wanted to go to faraway places and meet with endless varieties of foreign languages and peoples. I wished to rove, finding my direction through reading the stars of constellations. I wanted to cross fields and deserts, to be burned by the sun until I blistered, to be shook by the assaulting wind, and shrink from being gripped by cold. I wanted a life that was thrilling, filled with conquest. I wanted to live! To feel the essence of being!
Mark Zero, The French Art of Revenge|In French culture, the best way of buying time or getting off the hook entirely in a thorny personal situation is to claim that it’s complicated. The French did not invent love, but they did invent romance, so they’ve had more time than any other culture on earth to refine the nuances of its language.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|All of us are creatures of a day; the rememberer and the remembered alike. All is ephemeral—both memory and the object of memory. The time is at hand when you will have forgotten everything; and the time is at hand when all will have forgotten you. Always reflect that soon you will be no one, and nowhere.
Maria Augusta von Trapp, The Story of the Trapp Family Singers|Our age has become so mechanical that this has also affected our recreation. People have gotten used to sitting down and watching a movie, a ball game, a television set. It may be good once in a while, but it certainly is not good all the time. Our own faculties, our imagination, our memory, the ability to do things with our mind and our hands–they need to be exercised. If we become too passive, we get dissatisfied.
Isaac Newton|My purpose is to help people look at themselves and begin to shift their concepts. Remember, we are not our country, our race, or religion. We are eternal spirits. Seeing ourselves as spiritual beings without label is a way to transform the world and reach a sacred place for all of humanity.
Kristi Ling, Operation Happiness: The 3-Step Plan to Creating a Life of Lasting Joy, Abundant Energy, and Radical Bliss|Caring for your body, mind, and spirit is your greatest and grandest responsibility. It's about listening to the needs of your soul and then honoring them.
Nikki Rowe|Maybe it's easier to conform, to stay in a job I hate to pay bills of the things I don't even enjoy and marry a man I'm not passionately in love with, whilst surrounded by those who have absolutely no life to their smile but I don't want easy. I never have. I want a life so fucking grande' I reach every little milestone in sweats or tears knowing I Followed what was true to my heart. I don't care if I walk alone for the rest of my days, if it means I get to stay true to myself.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|All your strength must come from within, because no external source can provide it.
bell hooks, The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity, and Love|No matter that information abounds that lets the public know that gay males come from two-parent homes and can be macho and women-hating, misguided assumptions about what makes a male gay still flourish. Every day boys who express feelings are psychologically terrorized, and in extreme cases brutally beaten, by parents who fear that a man of feeling must be homosexual. Gay men share with straight men the same notions about acceptable masculinity.
Elizabeth Berg, Home Safe|Anxiously attached Codependents demonstrate the ability to maximize the attention they get from their partner, regardless of whether it is positive or negative (i.e., "I'd rather be screamed at than ignored"). Manipulation is used to keep the inattentive or inconsistent partner involved by alternating dramatic angry demands with needy dependence. When the partner is preoccupied and not paying attention, the anxious Codependent explodes in angry demands and behaviors that cannot be ignored.
Alexander Schmemann|I think you are wrong, partner Elijah. My briefing on human characteristics here among the people of Earth includes the information that, unlike the men of the Outer Worlds, they are trained from birth to accept authority. Apparently this is the result of your way of living. One man, representing authority firmly enough, was quite sufficient, as I proved. Your own desire for a squad car was only an expression, really, of your almost instinctive wish for superior authority to take responsibility out of your hands. On my own world, I admit that what I did would have been most unjustified.
Budd Schulberg, What Makes Sammy Run?|We don’t really communicate […]. We talk all right, talk in that strange language we’ve evolved for the purposes of avoiding communication. That non-language we’ve created. Perhaps it’s a sign that civilisation is regressing. Something is anyway.
Michelle Obama|The arts are not just a nice thing to have or to do if there is free time or if one can afford it. Rather, paintings and poetry, music and fashion, design and dialogue, they all define who we are as a people and provide an account of our history for the next generation.
Stewart Lee|What's happened is somewhere, along the line, as a society, we confused the notion of 'home' with the possibility of 'an investment opportunity'. What kind of creature wants to live in an 'investment opportunity'? Only man.The fox has his den. The bee has his hive. The stoat, has, uh... his stoat-hole... but only man chooses to make his nest in an investment opportunity. Mmm, snuggled down in the lovely credit! All warm, in the mortgage payment, mmmmm...
Eden Ahbez|A good youth ought to have a fear of God, to be subject to his parents, to give honor to his elders, to preserve his purity; he ought not to despise humility, but should love forbearance and modesty. All these are an ornament to youthful years.
Michael Makai, Domination & Submission: The BDSM Relationship Handbook|My aim is to touch infinity, My desires are many, And i can not be contacted.
Khloe Kardashian|It took me a long time to be convinced that marriage was right for me because I've come from a long line of broken marriages. My parents divorced, and I had two broken marriages myself.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|No trouble ever got fixed late at night," he said. "Midnight is for regrets.
Belsebuub|We can't just restrict ourselves to what we know, because we are talking about the unknown.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Children of Húrin|On their deathbed men will speak true, they say.
Betty Williams|When I received the news of the Nobel Peace Award, I could not believe it. I told my father, 'I think they have the wrong name, Dad. Please, can you talk to this man on the phone? I'm busy cooking!'
R. William Bennett, Jacob T. Marley|These souls were eternally disconnected, forever separated with a force that would not allow any interchange. They were like another race with no societal tie to each other, bound on their own miserable, independent journeys, alike only in the obvious countenance of pain.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Human laws pattern divine laws, but divine laws use only originals.
Charles B. Rangel|I don't do sports, really.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are a valuable instrument in the orchestration of your own world, and the overall harmony of the universe. Always be in command of your music. Only you can control and shape its tone. If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
Samantha Young, Castle Hill|I love you," I whispered hoarsely. "You're my favourite person." The tears blurred in my eyes again. "And if you ever tell anyone I cried during this moment I will withhold sex for a year.
Ella Leya, The Orphan Sky|Life is a desert of shifting sand dunes. Unpredictable. Erratic. Harmony changes into dissonance, the immediate outlives the profound, esoteric becomes cliched. And vice versa.
April Mae Monterrosa|Better to step out of your comfort zone, enjoy new experiences & not know what's coming your way, than stick to routines & be bored with the same end results.
John J. Geddes|...glass words for you, Beloved—rain beads from an abacus of pain...
Seun Ayilara|Ownership of words is the reason, only few of us truly keep and respect our words. If you won't keep yours, it's probably not yours.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Book of Imaginary Beings|We are ignorant of the meaning of the dragon in the same way that we are ignorant of the meaning of the universe; but there is something in the dragon’s image that fits man’s imagination, and this accounts for the dragon’s appearance in different places and periods.
Joanne Fedler|When teenagers aren’t turning like weathervanes in a high wind, they’re as stiff as Puritans.
Goitsemang Mvula|They're making me go to school," Pram said. "I don't think it's a very good idea. I've read about how cruel kids can be.""Are you afraid they'll be cruel, or that being around them for too long will make you cruel?" Felix said."Both, I suppose.
Stephen Colbert|God works in mysterious ways but at least he works, he's never on welfare in a mysterious way.
J.R.R. Tolkien|So now I just assume that it won't work, and that if it does work, I'll lose it anyway. This is meant to protect me, although it doesn't, because somehow the hope sneakily finds its way in. I'm never aware of the hope until it's gone, whooshed away like a rug pulled from under my feet, each time I hear another "I'm sorry.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Wisdom is the intelligent use of our knowledge, whereas sensibility is an intelligent use of our judgment.
Angie  Smith|For we know that our old self was crucified with him so the the body of sin might be brought to nothing, that we should no longer be enslaved to sin.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|After you acquire knowledge and skill, aim to be a practitioner. Time for practice on the job or in life will still test your authenticity. Knowledge is one of the greatest sources of confidence, and you will need that confidence to do your work and demonstrate you know what you have been trained for.
Melissa de la Cruz, Blue Bloods|I don't suppose I can wear the flamingo tie," he said as he pulled on black socks. "It's a bit festive, given the occasion," I responded. "Can't wear it to the opera," said the Colonel, almost smiling. "Can't wear it to a funeral. Can't use it to hang myself. It's a bit useless, as ties go." I gave him a tie.
Robert A. Heinlein, By His Bootstraps|He was dead. However, his nose throbbed painfully, which he thought odd in the circumstances.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|Chloe put aside worries about her job, her life, and turned to face him. "Sex can't be the answer to everything," she said as she draped her arms around his strong neck.He bent his head to hers. "For now, it can," he said and kissed her.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|One thing, however, did become clear to him—why so many perfect works of art did not please him at all, why they were almost hateful and boring to him, in spite of a certain undeniable beauty. Workshops, churches, and palaces were full of these fatal works of art; he had even helped with a few himself. They were deeply disappointing because they aroused the desire for the highest and did not fulfill it. They lacked the most essential thing—mystery. That was what dreams and truly great works of art had in common: mystery.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|...Power is lost or won, never created or destroyed. Power is a visitor to, not a possession of, those it empowers. The mad tend to crave it, many of the sane crave it, but the wise worry about its long-term effects. Power is crack cocaine for your ego and battery acid for your soul. Power’s comings and goings, from host to host, via war, marriage, ballet box, diktat, and accident of birth, are the plot of history. The empowered may serve justice, remodel the Earth, transform lush nations into smoking battlefields, and bring down skyscrapers, but power itself is amoral.” Immaculée Constantin now looks up at me. “Power will notice you. Power is watching you now. Carry on as you are, and power will favor you. But power will also laugh at you, mercilessly, as you lie dying in a private clinic, a few fleeting decades from now. Power mocks all its illustrious favorites as they lie dying…
William Outerson, Monster Mix|The plane banked, and he pressed his face against the cold window. The ocean tilted up to meet him, its dark surface studded with points of light that looked like constellations, fallen stars. The tourist sitting next to him asked him what they were. Nathan explained that the bright lights marked the boundaries of the ocean cemeteries. The lights that were fainter were memory buoys. They were the equivalent of tombstones on land: they marked the actual graves. While he was talking he noticed scratch-marks on the water, hundreds of white gashes, and suddenly the captain's voice, crackling over the intercom, interrupted him. The ships they could see on the right side of the aircraft were returning from a rehearsal for the service of remembrance that was held on the ocean every year. Towards the end of the week, in case they hadn't realised, a unique festival was due to take place in Moon Beach. It was known as the Day of the Dead......When he was young, it had been one of the days he most looked forward to. Yvonne would come and stay, and she'd always bring a fish with her, a huge fish freshly caught on the ocean, and she'd gut it on the kitchen table. Fish should be eaten, she'd said, because fish were the guardians of the soul, and she was so powerful in her belief that nobody dared to disagree. He remembered how the fish lay gaping on its bed of newspaper, the flesh dark-red and subtly ribbed where it was split in half, and Yvonne with her sleeves rolled back and her wrists dipped in blood that smelt of tin.It was a day that abounded in peculiar traditions. Pass any candy store in the city and there'd be marzipan skulls and sugar fish and little white chocolate bones for 5 cents each. Pass any bakery and you'd see cakes slathered in blue icing, cakes sprinkled with sea-salt.If you made a Day of the Dead cake at home you always hid a coin in it, and the person who found it was supposed to live forever. Once, when she was four, Georgia had swallowed the coin and almost choked. It was still one of her favourite stories about herself. In the afternoon, there'd be costume parties. You dressed up as Lazarus or Frankenstein, or you went as one of your dead relations. Or, if you couldn't think of anything else, you just wore something blue because that was the colour you went when you were buried at the bottom of the ocean. And everywhere there were bowls of candy and slices of special home-made Day of the Dead cake. Nobody's mother ever got it right. You always had to spit it out and shove it down the back of some chair. Later, when it grew dark, a fleet of ships would set sail for the ocean cemeteries, and the remembrance service would be held. Lying awake in his room, he'd imagine the boats rocking the the priest's voice pushed and pulled by the wind. And then, later still, after the boats had gone, the dead would rise from the ocean bed and walk on the water. They gathered the flowers that had been left as offerings, they blew the floating candles out. Smoke that smelt of churches poured from the wicks, drifted over the slowly heaving ocean, hid their feet. It was a night of strange occurrences. It was the night that everyone was Jesus......Thousands drove in for the celebrations. All Friday night the streets would be packed with people dressed head to toe in blue. Sometimes they painted their hands and faces too. Sometimes they dyed their hair. That was what you did in Moon Beach. Turned blue once a year. And then, sooner or later, you turned blue forever.
Marguerite Duras, The Lover|I feel a sadness I expected and which comes only from myself. I say I’ve always been sad. That I can see the same sadness in photos of myself when I was small. That today, recognizing it as the sadness I’ve always had, I could almost call it by my own name, it’s so like me.
Patricia Briggs, Masques|When I die of heart failure the next time you frighten me like that, you can put that on my gravestone—‘I didn’t mean to startle her.
Bill Gates|Sabotage did not involve loss of life, and it offered the best hope for future race relations. Bitterness would be kept to a minimum and, if the policy bore fruit, democratic government could become a reality.
Anup Joshi|Libertarian opponents of anarchy are attacking a straw man. Their arguments are usually utilitarian in nature and amount to "but anarchy won’t work" or "we need the (things provided by the) state." But these attacks are confused at best, if not disingenuous. To be an anarchist does not mean you think anarchy will "work" (whatever that means); nor that you predict it will or "can" be achieved. It is possible to be a pessimistic anarchist, after all. To be an anarchist only means that you believe that aggression is not justified, and that states necessarily employ aggression. And, therefore, that states, and the aggression they necessarily employ, are unjustified. It’s quite simple, really. It’s an ethical view, so no surprise it confuses utilitarians.Accordingly, anyone who is not an anarchist must maintain either: (a) aggression is justified; or (b) states (in particular, minimal states) do not necessarily employ aggression.
Hope Edelman|Writers seek to create order out of the chaos of everyday life, and to extract meaning from both the tragic and the mundane
Jim Butcher, Side Jobs: Stories from the Dresden Files|Girls are caterpillars while they live in the world, to be finally butterflies when the summer comes; but in the meantime there are grubs and larvae, don't you see - each with their peculiar propensities, necessities and structure.
Cassandra Clare, The Last Stand of the New York Institute|I have been a friend to Shadowhunters. I know many of your families, going back for hundreds of years.""There is nothing we can do to correct the questionable judgments of our ancestors," Lucian said.Magnus hated this guy.
Jim Butcher, Changes|I was angry with my friend:I told my wrath, my wrath did end.I was angry with my foe:I told it not, my wrath did grow.
David E. Fitch|The gospel is the announcement that God has fulfilled the promise of Scriptures to make the world right in Jesus Christ (1 Cor 15:1-11). Christ has died for our sins. By his death and resurrection (and ascension), he has defeated the effects of our sins, including death itself. He now sits at the right hand of the Father ruling over the world. In Christ the new creation has begun. Old things are passing away. Behold, the new has begun (2 Cor 5:17). All who respond to this good news repent of the old ways, and make Jesus their Lord and Savior, enter in and become part of what God is doing to reconcile the whole world to himself (2 Cor 5:18-19), and receive power to become the children of God (Jn 1:12). This in one paragraph is the gospel.
Amy Plum|He leaned forward and opened his door, politely standing aside to let me by before following me in. There are some advantages to dating a guy from another era, I thought. Though I am a big believer in gender equality, chivalry scores high in my book.
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|Human beings are the only ones in nature who are aware that they will die. For that reason and only for that reason, I have a profound respect for the human race, and I believe that its future is going to be much better than its present. Even knowing that their days are numbered and that everything will end when they least expect it, people make of their lives a battle that is worthy of a being with eternal life. What people regard as vanity-leaving great works, having children, acting in such a way as to prevent one's name from being forgotten- I regard as the highest expression of human dignity.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer|It is no use to ask God with factitious earnestness for A when our whole mind is in reality filled with the desire for B. We must lay before Him what is in us, not what ought to be in us.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|When you touch the celestial in your heart, you will realize that the beauty of your soul is so pure, so vast and so devastating that you have no option but to merge with it. You have no option but to feel the rhythm of the universe in the rhythm of your heart.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom: Autobiography of Nelson Mandela|I am fundamentally an optimist. Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say. Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|For God has not given us the spirit of fear;but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind. -2 Timothy 1: 7 (NKJV)
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Ethics|Deplorable practices adopted during the last century were repeatedly declared necessary if regrettable in order to win the war. Oddly enough, we've yet to win. You'd think somebody would have asked before this why the regrettable but necessary measures haven't actually produced the promised results.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no competition in work. If you want it, work for it.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, The Woman's Bible: A Classic Feminist Perspective|It’s okay. Let your ego push you to be the initiator. But tell your ego that the best way to get something shipped is to let other people take the credit. The real win for you (and your ego) is seeing something get shipped, not in getting the credit when it does.
Joss Whedon|Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.
Emil M. Cioran|When the ships had lifted, they returned across the river to the silence of death. Then his grandfather told him, "Many fine things your father had planned for you: learning and useful work and a life of satisfaction and peace. Do you recall this?""Yes, Grandfather.""The learning you shall have. You will learn patience and resource, the ability of your hands and your mind. You will have useful work: the destruction of evil men. What work could be more useful? This is Beyond; you will find that your work is never done—so therefore you may never know life of peace. However, I guarantee you ample satisfaction, for I will teach you to crave the blood of these men more than the flesh of woman."The old man had been as good as his word.
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the Dark Meadows|He pulled me back to him, stroking my hair as if to calm me. Tears sprang to my eyes and melted into the water around me. I didn't want to die. But people died every day. What hope I had for heaven's existence faded away, and I realized I would simply disappear.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|If you start out by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work toward getting it.
Charles Bukowski|The horse does of two things. He does what he thinks he's supposed to do, or he does what he thinks he needs to do to survive.
Haroutioun Bochnakian|Currently the best educated and the brightest minds of any nation are not among its elected, but among its public, and in much greater numbers.But even having a great number of the best and the brightest amongst us does not make us capable of installing a working version of direct democracy right away. People who claim that it does, may be there to voluntarily or involuntarily damage the credibility of direct democracy.Direct democracy needs a yet inexistent infrastructure to support the new mechanism that will render the public capable of constituting the experience necessary to domesticate direct democracy, without destabilizing our societies with needless haste, emotions and fractures. One way of doing it may be the constitution of a nation-wide, internet reliant hence fluid, non-political organism parallel but totally hermetic to our representative democracies, with a unique objective: creating the means, platforms and protocols necessary for the public and all the specialists it contains, to communicate horizontally.The public may decide to keep for the moment our representative democracies, but in parallel create an experimental version of direct democracy until we all acquire the necessary perspective and invent new working mechanisms of self-governance. Later the public may decide to have both representative and direct democracies sharing governance for a time, and experience first-hand the advantages and disadvantages of both systems before deciding where to go from there.
Lucy Walker|The foundation of the house of civil rights is in the voices of all the great civil rights leaders and the soul of every person who heard them. It's in the hands of every person who folded a leaflet for change, and it's in the courage of every person who changed.
Jessie G., Past Hurts|He did that slow perusal thing with his eyes that guys did when they wanted a girl to know they liked what they saw. A slow smile curved his lips. “Yep.”She recognized that look. She may have been out of the dating game for far too long, but she still understood the process. What she didn’t know was how to respond.
Alun Lewis|And then I realize: this isn’t dirty water falling from the sky.It is—literally—blood.I look up, and a droplet of blood splashes directly into my eye. I curse, rubbing my face, trying to get the blood out, but it’s everywhere, it’s like trying to dry off in the middle of the ocean. Shielding my face as best I can, I stare up into the sky.I am in the center of a cyclone.Giant white clouds swirl like a spiraling galaxy above me, the eye a tiny dark speck. The storm rages, throwing out bloody rain like punches, the wind so vicious it tears my clothes and cuts my skin.Representative Belles’s mind is swirling with dark thoughts—bloody thoughts—and they have created the biggest storm I have ever seen.I have to stop the cyclone. I have to get him into a peaceful reverie, something that he can hold on to while I root around his brain, looking for answers.I focus all of my concentration on stopping the bloody rain. The drops come slower and slower. I take a deep breath, imagining the clouds breaking up, spinning into fluffy bits of cotton-candy like clouds. I don’t open my eyes until the sounds of beating rain disappear and I can feel the warmth of the Mediterranean sun on my face.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|Where questions of religion are concerned, people are guilty of every possible sort of dishonesty and intellectual misdemeanor.
Christopher Marshall|The rich, the poor, the high professor and the prophane [sic], seem all to be infected with this grievous disorder, so that the love of our neighbor seems to be quite banished, the love of self and opinions so far prevails.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Therefore, since the world has stillMuch good, but much less good than ill,And while the sun and moon endureLuck's a chance, but trouble's sure,I'd face it as a wise man would,And train for ill and not for good.
BOB|Reading takes you places; it is all up to your imagination. The world (or in this case book) is your canvas, go paint it.
Suzanne Collins|Sometimes, when I'm alone, I take the pearl from where it lives in my pocket and try to remember the boy with the bread
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|The physiological effects of an electrocution are severe and painful. Besides launching the body into violent convulsions, the electrocution of a human being causes massive destruction throughout the body.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|We don't know that we don't own or owe Anything (In mathematical terms we are sifar), so keep walking as long as your legs are moving towards the infinite. Your own Ego is the only obstacle in this journey, earlier you get rid of it sooner will you find the infinite peace.
Jane L. Rosen, Nine Women, One Dress|If you want to be a thought leader, market leader, or change the world - you have to give up the need to be liked. Telling people what they want to hear makes you popular. Telling people what they need to hear makes you relevant, empowering, and significant.Don't pander to the masses. Speak to the people you really want to reach and be honest. Challenge them to do more and become better. And know that if you're not attracting some haters - you're probably not doing something significant.
Ben Shapiro|Democracies are indeed slow to make war, but once embarked upon a martial venture are equally slow to make peace and reluctant to make a tolerable, rather than a vindictive, peace.
Mira Jacob, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing|You know what would be fun,” our school’s administration likely thought, huffing glue out of an old sock. “What if we make our cruellest eleven-year-olds assess each other in wet spandex for an hour every day for a week in the dead of winter?
Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire|She had acquired some of his gypsy ways, some of his nonchalance, his bohemian indiscipline. She had swung with him into the disorders of strewn clothes, spilled cigarette ashes, slipping into bed all dressed, falling asleep thus, indolence, timelessness...A region of chaos and moonlight. She liked it there.
G.K. Chesterton, The Collected Poems of G. K. Chesterton|A Second Childhood.”When all my days are endingAnd I have no song to sing,I think that I shall not be too oldTo stare at everything;As I stared once at a nursery doorOr a tall tree and a swing.Wherein God’s ponderous mercy hangsOn all my sins and me,Because He does not take awayThe terror from the treeAnd stones still shine along the roadThat are and cannot be.Men grow too old for love, my love,Men grow too old for wine,But I shall not grow too old to seeUnearthly daylight shine,Changing my chamber’s dust to snowTill I doubt if it be mine.Behold, the crowning mercies melt,The first surprises stay;And in my dross is dropped a giftFor which I dare not pray:That a man grow used to grief and joyBut not to night and day.Men grow too old for love, my love,Men grow too old for lies;But I shall not grow too old to seeEnormous night arise,A cloud that is larger than the worldAnd a monster made of eyes.Nor am I worthy to unlooseThe latchet of my shoe;Or shake the dust from off my feetOr the staff that bears me throughOn ground that is too good to last,Too solid to be true.Men grow too old to woo, my love,Men grow too old to wed;But I shall not grow too old to seeHung crazily overheadIncredible rafters when I wakeAnd I find that I am not dead.A thrill of thunder in my hair:Though blackening clouds be plain,Still I am stung and startledBy the first drop of the rain:Romance and pride and passion passAnd these are what remain.Strange crawling carpets of the grass,Wide windows of the sky;So in this perilous grace of GodWith all my sins go I:And things grow new though I grow old,Though I grow old and die.
Dylan Thomas, Collected Poems|On No Work of WordsOn no work of words now for three lean months in the bloodyBelly of the rich year and the big purse of my bodyI bitterly take to task my poverty and craft:To take to give is all, return what is hungrily givenPuffing the pounds of manna up through the dew to heaven,The lovely gift of the gab bangs back on a blind shaft.To lift to leave from the treasures of man is pleasing deathThat will rake at last all currencies of the marked breathAnd count the taken, forsaken mysteries in a bad dark.To surrender now is to pay the expensive ogre twice.Ancient woods of my blood, dash down to the nut of the seasIf I take to burn or return this world which is each man's work.
Nikita Tak, The First SIp Of My Morning Coffee|If human brain is like the world, then positive thinking must be the size of mountain, and negative thinking must be the size of mustard seed and not vice versa.
Janna Cachola|I don't need to be vocal about my intentions, I am just intentional about my actions.
Jean Anouilh|There is strength in numbers, but organizing those numbers is one of the great challenges.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|What kind of woman is still able to trust people after everything she's been through? If she'd been Vin, she would have stabbed him in the back at the first opportunity, and that would have probably been the right thing to do. Yet, this girl just continued to trust. It was like finding a beautiful plant growing alone in a field of burnt ash.
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|Those who deny guilt and sin are like the Pharisees of old who thought our Saviour had a “guilt complex” because He accused them of being whited sepulchers—outside clean, inside full of dead men’s bones. Those who admit that they are guilty are like the public sinners and the publicans of whom Our Lord said, “Amen, I say to you, that the publicans and the harlots shall go into the Kingdom of God before you” (Matt. 21:31). Those who think they are healthy but have a hidden moral cancer are incurable; the sick who want to be healed have a chance. All denial of guilt keeps people out of the area of love and, by inducing self-righteousness, prevents a cure. The two facts of healing in the physical order are these: A physician cannot heal us unless we put ourselves into his hands, and we will not put ourselves into his hands unless we know that we are sick. In like manner, a sinner’s awareness of sin is one requisite for his recovery; the other is his longing for God. When we long for God, we do so not as sinners, but as lovers.
Naomi Wolf|My understanding of the creative process is simply that all cultures and all concerns meet at a certain point, the human point in which everything is related to one another. That has been my creative experience. I never know who's influencing me at any time.
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|In my day, husbands and wives showed each other a suitable level of indifference.
Haile Selassie|Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party - though they are quite numerous - is no freedom at all.
Virgil, The Aeneid|I do not understand how you know you only have one life if you have never died, because if you have never died, then you cannot possibly know if you would go on living a second life, or go on living no more lives.
Gena Showalter, A Mad Zombie Party|Let your light shine, never look back and live as if today is your last day...because it just might be.
Roger Zelazny, Bring Me the Head of Prince Charming|Once past the comfort zone in either direction, humans soon lost the ability to discriminate bad from worse.
Annie Dillard|Every man who knows anything of languages, knows that it is impossible to translate from one language into another, not only without losing a great part of the original, but frequently of mistaking the sense.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|What is so rewarding about friendship?” my son asked, curling his upper lip into a sour expression. “Making friends takes too much time and effort, and for what?” I sat on the edge of his bed, understanding how it might seem simpler to go at life solo. “Friendship has unique rewards,” I told him. “They can be unpredictable. For instance....” I couldn’t help but pause to smile crookedly at an old memory that was dear to my heart. Then I shared with my son an unforgettable incident from my younger years. “True story. When I was about your age, I decided to try out for a school play. Tryouts were to begin after the last class of the day, but first I had to run home to grab a couple props for the monologue I planned to perform during tryouts. Silly me, I had left them at the house that morning. Luckily, I only lived across a long expanse of grassy field that separated the school from the nearest neighborhood. Unluckily, it was raining and I didn’t have an umbrella.  “Determined to get what I needed, I raced home, grabbed my props, and tore back across the field while my friend waited under the dry protection of the school’s wooden eaves. She watched me run in the rain, gesturing for me to go faster while calling out to hurry up or we would be late.  “The rain was pouring by that time which was added reason for me to move fast. I didn’t want to look like a wet rat on stage in front of dozens of fellow students. Don’t ask me why I didn’t grab an umbrella from home—teenage pride or lack of focus, I’m not sure—but the increasing rain combined with the hollering from my friend as well as my anxious nerves about trying out for the play had me running far too fast in shoes that lacked any tread.  “About a yard from the sidewalk where the grass was worn from foot traffic and consequently muddied from the downpour of rain, I slipped and fell on my hind end. Me, my props, and my dignity slid through the mud and lay there, coated. My things were dripping with mud. I was covered in it. I felt my heart plunge, and I wanted to cry. I probably would have if it hadn’t been for the wonderful thing that happened right then. My crazy friend ran over and plopped herself down in the mud beside me. She wiggled in it, making herself as much a mess as I was. Then she took my slimy hand in hers and pulled us both to our feet. We tried out for the play looking like a couple of swine escaped from a pigsty, laughing the whole time. I never did cry, thanks to my friend. “So yes, my dear son, friendship has its unique rewards—priceless ones.
Maggie Georgiana Young|Adolescence is never graceful or beautiful. Our first steps are wobbly, full of stumbles and spills. Our first words are mispronounced and barely comprehendible. Our first kisses are sloppy and wet. The process of breaking sexual thresholds is far from sexy. It will be a long time until being a penetrator outgrows the feel of a grade school science experiment where I fill my paper mache volcano with vinegar and baking soda, giggling and high-fiving my lab partner once it explodes.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You know you may feel very sad like a child whose toy is broken; but then you know sun rises, life continues and you start laughing again!
Abraham Lincoln|Abraham Lincoln was asked by an aide about the church service he had attended. Lincoln responded that the minister was inspired, interesting, well-prepared, eloquent and the topic relevant. The aide said, “Then it was a good service?”Lincoln responded, “No.” The aide protested,“But, Mr. President, you said that the minister was inspired, interesting, well-prepared, eloquent, and that the topic was relevant.”“Yes,” replied Lincoln, “but he didn’t challenge us to do any great thing.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Which reminded me...I still owed the gods a debt."You're a genius," I (Percy) told Annabeth.
Jordan Flaherty, Floodlines: Community and Resistance from Katrina to the Jena Six|Atheism may be defined as the mental attitude which unreservedly accepts the supremacy of reason and aims at establishing a lifestyle and ethical outlook verifiable by experience and the scientific method, independent of all arbitrary assumptions of authority and creeds.
Gerhard Casper|...I don't know where a utopia is supposed to be, or where one could be found. I sometimes think that it is the place where fear and doubt end with the realization that around you is everything you need, and there is nothing else to find.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Religious literature from all around the world have an abundance of philosophical teachings as well, which in fact, prove quite helpful to humanity. But a rational human being must examine every single word from the scriptures before accepting it. Otherwise, it would only lead to religious bulimia, which in turn would bring chaos down on earth.
Robert Higgs|A society that robs an individual of the product of his effort, or enslaves him, or attempts to limit the freedom of his mind, or compels him to act against his own rational judgment ... is not, strictly speaking, a society, but a mob held together by institutionalized gang-rule.
K. Valisumbra, Mortlake and Other Stories|As the great botanist Bichat long ago said, if everyone were cast in the same mould, there would be no such thing as beauty. If all our women were to become as beautiful as the Venus de’ Medici, we should for a time be charmed; but we should soon wish for variety; and as soon as we had obtained variety, we should wish to see certain characteristics in our women a little exaggerated beyond the then existing common standard.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Face your true self. You're reaction when facing any animal is much more likely to be Ahh, cute than Yum, dinner!
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way of life at all in any true sense. Under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
Hazrat Inayat Khan|It is more important to find out the truth about oneself than to find out the truth about heaven and hell, or about many other things which are of less importance and are apart from oneself. However, every man's pursuit is according to his state of evolution, and so each soul is in pursuit of something—but he does not know where it leads him.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|What mattered was that these beliefs had swept through the souls of everyone else like a plague. He couldn't see the end of it. Even a hundred years in the future, he knew, the roots still had not been fully pulled up from society. Wherever, whenever he went, the color of his skin set the boundaries of what he could achieve, and there was very little--if any--recourse for finding a way around it.
Steven Magee|When the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (NOAO) found out that Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) were going to visit the site to assist in bringing it into legal compliance, they freaked out! They insisted that the visit had to be canceled and the result was that I eventually became so sick from the toxic workplace environment that I had no option but to leave.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Volume 2: The Pain, Pitfalls, and Challenges of Servant Leadership Fundamentals|A chosen leader is just the reflection of what the collective mind (or "silent majority") truly think and feel.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat: ...to say nothing of the dog|The training of children is such a serous thing, and it means so much to them to be surrounded from the very beginning with good influences, that I should have thought the holier a man`s vocation and the purer his life, the more fit he is to be a father
J.D. Lakey, Black Bead|Magic was merely the unknown, a wild thing undefined by logic or reason.
Tiffanie DeBartolo|I excuse myself and go to the ladies’ room. Washing my hands, I give myself a little youcan do this type pep talk. When I walk out, I see him leaned up against the wall opposite the door."Long line for the men's room?" I try to joke, moving past him.His hand circles my wrist, stopping me. I inhale, frozen in place. My back is to him. I don'ttry to pull away. I can't move. I just look down at his hand, staring at his damn freckle."Sarah.""What are you playing at, Will?'"Playing?" He tugs my arm back so I'm facing him. "I promise you this is no game.""Alright, what do you want from me? Is that better?" I practically spit."Everything." He's moved his hands up to hold my biceps. "I want everything from you."Everything. That one word still breaks my heart when I think back to that night.My head snaps back as though he's struck me. Don’t cry, just don’t cry. "I gave youeverything once. Now I have nothing left for you."I pull myself from his grasp and hurry back to the table.
Pablo|Hundreds would die, but not the thing they died for.
Art Spiegelman, Maus II: A Survivor's Tale: And Here My Troubles Began|The fear that permeated every fiber of my being was relentless, it was cruel, and it was my best hope for getting through this.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Enchanted April|Why couldn't two unhappy people refresh each other on their way through this dusty business of life by a little talk - real, natural talk, about what they felt, what they would have liked, what they still tried to hope for?
Barbara Freethy|No, I stay for myself. Everything I need, everything I want, is here. I know it's not enough for most people, but it is for me. Every time I leave, even for an afternoon or an overnight trip to Seattle, I can't wait to get back. This is home. And I guess I'm a person who needs a home, a place to plant seeds and watch them grow.
Caitlin Moran, Moranthology|How to distract Scorpius from difficult emotional issues? Take him to a library." - Albus Severus Potter
Ellie Wiesel|And then, there was no longer any reason for me to fast. I no longer accepted God's silence. As I swallowed my ration of soup, I turned that act into a symbol of rebellion, of protest against Him. And I nibbled on my crust of bread. Deep inside me, I felt a great void opening.
Carolee Dean, Take Me There|I got words in me, Jess, fighting to find a way out. Sometimes there's so many words and they get so crowded in my skull I think my head is gonna explode. I want to write them down. I've tried, but most of the time my thoughts and my feelings are bigger than what I can get on paper.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|The same teen who can't legally operate a four-wheeler, or [ATV]...in a farm lane workplace environment can operate a jacked-up F-250 pickup on a crowded urban expressway. By denying these [farm work] opportunities to bring value to their own lives and the community around them, we've relegated our young adults to teenage foolishness. Then as a culture we walk around shaking our heads in bewilderment at these young people with retarded maturity. Never in life do people have as much energy as in their teens, and to criminalize leveraging it is certainly one of our nation's greatest resource blunders.
Joichi Ito|It frequently happens that two persons, reasoning right on a mechanical subject, think alike and invent the same thing without any communication with each other.
Stephen King|It is the tale, not he who tells it.
Melissa Scott, Trouble and Her Friends|When we hide discrimination under the guise of 'religious freedom,' we make a mockery of human rights.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|If you wanted a peek at my dick I would have sent pictures," Levi growled.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Sam was the only member of the party who had not been over the river before. He had a strange feeling as the slow gurgling stream slipped by: his old life lay behind in the mists, dark adventure lay in front.
Ehsan Sehgal|To show others, the quotes and sayings of the visionary figures, as a mirror instead of reform own conduct and character, indicates one's worst egoism unless that reflects and demonstrates not their golden words.
J. B. Priestley|The female format is a beautiful one in which to function. Foolhardy as it may be. I change my image all the time, it's whatever suits me at the moment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With Christ Jesus, we are overcomers.
Rachel Caine, Ink and Bone|Tilly screamed. Anna’s shocked brain only registered annoyance at the sound. Really, when had someone screaming ever solved a problem? She recognized her fixation on this irritation as her own way of avoiding the horror in front of her, but only in a distant and dreamy sort of way.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|Son, it is bad for a man to be condemned by his children, more so by the sons he cherishes.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|I am giving you permission to tell the truth about where you are in your process of dismantling your fucked-up schemas. I am not pressuring you to dismantle anything. I am saying let’s be here together, undismantled, and just accept that this is where we are. Let’s love each other right where we are, even as we compare ourselves to one another. I am saying, yes, baby, I know it’s hard.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Through systematic meditation one can awaken the third eye and touch the cosmic awareness. Sushumna nadi is the subtle pathway in the spinal cord which passes through the main psychic centers. The awakening of these centers means a gradual expansion of awareness, until it reaches the cosmic awareness. Each center has its own beauty and gracefulness. Through generations of ignorance and unconsciousness, this channel of awareness becomes obscured and hidden. Meditation is to become aware about this internal life energy. Meditation is the procedure to rearrange, harmonize, activate, and integrate the individual life energy with the cosmic life energy.
Felicity Brandon, Customer Service|The first time she saw Jag Silvertree she was watering the garden, and her clematis got soaked as she dreamt of melting into his face. The second time she saw Jag she knew she would never feel his angular jaw against her thighs. For Jag Silvertree carried around with him a hurt that she figured would stand out in a field of wounded soldiers.
Roland Joffe|Narcissism and the Confederate dead cannot be connected logically, or even historically; even were the connection an historical fact, they would not stand connected as art, for no one experiences raw history.
Michelle Tea, Valencia|These past two days, I’ve seen a fire in your eyes that I never have before. Granted, it’s mostly anger and frustration, but it’s still emotion.
Tracy L. Darity, He Loves Me He Loves Me Not|She smoothes the front of the dress, looking down at her hands, at her bitten fingernails, at her big feet in the pointy-toes shoes. This is a woman's dress, she thinks, a young woman's dress. It is not a girl's dress. It is solidly on the other side of the line outside of girlhood. It is a dress that says something big in a very quiet way; it is a dress that is talking to Alice right now, a dress that is making her feel possibilities never before considered, the possibility of perfume and pretty and dancing and boys. This dress is who she might be, only more so.
Louis Armstrong|I love to have a bath with beautiful, relaxing music on and have no rush to do anything. It's a wonderful indulgence, and it helps me to calm down and stop my mind running overtime.
Robin Williams|The expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer  of the "Survival of the fittest"  is more accurate  and is sometimes equally convenient.
Jonathan Edwards, Jonathan Edwards' Resolutions: And Advice to Young Converts|The phrase 'Love one another' is so wise. By loving one another, we invest in each other and in ourselves. Perhaps someday, when we need someone to care for us, it may not come from the person we expect, but from the person we least expect. It may be our sons or daughter-in-laws, our neighbors, friends, cousins, stepchildren, or stepparents whose love for us has assigned them to the honorable, yet dangerous position of caregiver.
Mac Barnett, The Case of the Case of Mistaken Identity|Dear Mom,I won't be home this weekend because I'm wanted for treason and I have to clear my name. Also, I took the last Sprite from the fridge.Love, Steve
P. J. O'Rourke|One of the reasons MSNBC is plummeting is that I, not long ago, refused to play any content from them. I figured, why? I mean, it's genuine depraved partisan politics insanity, genuine extremist radical ignoramuses on that network.
Ane Krstevska|So, this is my life. And I’m the architect of my happiness and sadness.
Victoria Principal|Though I had success in my research both when I was mad and when I was not, eventually I felt that my work would be better respected if I thought and acted like a 'normal' person.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Just as physical wounds heal at different rates in different people, so do emotional wounds. Everyone has different needs and speeds.
Ann Aguirre, Aftermath|He is not the same person as when wemet, but . . . neither am I. Time has refined us, but instead of pushing us apart, we’re closer than ever.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|When I got across, I looked back and saw Tyson giving Grover a piggyback ride (or was it a goatyback ride?).
Justin Bartha|I love watching old movies, reading and having some good meals. I have a very close group of friends and family. I try to spend time with the ones that I love and work as hard as possible.
Ryan Boudinot, Blueprints of the Afterlife|. . . waves of desert heat . . . I must’ve passed out, because when I woke up I was shivering and stars wheeled above a purple horizon. . . . Then the sun came up, casting long shadows. . . . I heard a vehicle coming. Something coming from far away, gradually growing louder. There was the sound of an engine, rocks under tires. . . . Finally it reached me, the door opened, and Dirk Bickle stepped out. . . .But anyway so Bickle said, “Miracles, Luke. Miracles were once the means to convince people to abandon reason for faith. But the miracles stopped during the rise of the neocortex and its industrial revolution. Tell me, if I could show you one miracle, would you come with me and join Mr. Kirkpatrick?”I passed out again, and came to. He was still crouching beside me. He stood up, walked over to the battered refrigerator, and opened the door. Vapor poured out and I saw it was stocked with food. Bickle hunted around a bit, found something wrapped in paper, and took a bottle of beer from the door. Then he closed the fridge, sat down on the old tire, and unwrapped what looked like a turkey sandwich.He said, “You could explain the fridge a few ways. One, there’s some hidden outlet, probably buried in the sand, that leads to a power source far away. I figure there’d have to be at least twenty miles of cable involved before it connected to the grid. That’s a lot of extension cord. Or, this fridge has some kind of secret battery system. If the empirical details didn’t bear this out, if you thoroughly studied the refrigerator and found neither a connection to a distant power source nor a battery, you might still argue that the fridge had some super-insulation capabilities and that the food inside had been able to stay cold since it was dragged out here. But say this explanation didn’t pan out either, and you observed the fridge staying the same temperature week after week while you opened and closed it. Then you’d start to wonder if it was powered by some technology beyond your comprehension. But pretty soon you’d notice something else about this refrigerator. The fact that it never runs out of food. Then you’d start to wonder if somehow it didn’t get restocked while you slept. But you’d realize that it replenished itself all the time, not just while you were sleeping. All this time, you’d keep eating from it. It would keep you alive out here in the middle of nowhere. And because of its mystery you’d begin to hate and fear it, and yet still it would feed you. Even though you couldn’t explain it, you’d still need it. And you’d assume that you simply didn’t understand the technology, rather than ascribe to it some kind of metaphysical power. You wouldn’t place your faith in the hands of some unknowable god. You’d place it in the technology itself. Finally, in frustration, you’d come to realize you’d exhausted your rationality and the only sensible thing to do would be to praise the mystery. You’d worship its bottles of Corona and jars of pickled beets. You’d make up prayers to the meats drawer and sing about its light bulb. And you’d start to accept the mystery as the one undeniable thing about it. That, or you’d grow so frustrated you’d push it off this cliff.”“Is Mr. Kirkpatrick real?” I asked.After a long gulp of beer, Bickle said, “That’s the neocortex talking again.
Danika Stone, All the Feels|... all decisions and actions that will affect your relationship must be made by answering this single question: Will the action I am considering have a negative impact on my relationship? If the answer is yes, don't do it.
Elana Johnson, Elevated|LAST YEAR, Honesty and I still talked, Laughed, Planned weekend activities together. Last year, I used to have friends, Speak, Live. Last year, Honesty lived, Loved, Laughed. But now— Now I live with the knowledge that Some things Kill others
James     Baldwin, Sonny's Blues|I had never before thought of how awful the relationship must be between the musician and his instrument. He has to fill it, this instrument, with the breath of life, his own. He has to make it do what he wants it to do. And a piano is just a piano. It's made out of so much wood and wires and little hammers and big ones, and ivory. While there's only so much you can do with it, the only way to find this out is to try; to try and make it do everything.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|This feeling of guilt is your conscience calling your attention to the higher road, and your heart wishing you had taken it.
Jeff Buckley|Turn your head away from the screen, my friend. It will tell you nothing more.
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|No thanks. This is a lovely dream, but it's a child's dream. I know some who'd argue the point, but I grew up long ago. - Rose Red (Fables: Vol.21, Happily Ever After)
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Unable to understand why you think so, when you chose a different path.
Julie Kagawa, Legion|I didn't fall in love with how you looked," he murmured as his hand rose, gently brushing my cheek. "I fell in love with you."My eyes watered. And everything inside me melted into molten goo. "You are getting entirely too good at making a dragon cry," I saw and kissed him.
Sarah Pinborough, Behind Her Eyes|Go figure, that happened to be his same style of flirtation as well—annoy her half to death until, before she could stop herself, she confessed her deep darks and bonded with him to a degree she never had before.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|You want me to pin my entire operation, the entire revolution on some teenaged love story? I can't believe this.
Carl M. Tomlinson, Essentials of Young Adult Literature|This is home, it's the only place I want to be, but at the same time everything familiar feels strange. It's the same as it ever was except without the people who most belong here.
Terry Pratchett|Death: "THERE ARE BETTER THINGS IN THE WORLD THAN ALCOHOL, ALBERT."Albert: "Oh, yes, sir. But alcohol sort of compensates for not getting them.
Tracy Rees, Amy Snow|Combinations of people, who should have nothing to say to each other. Yet, with hearts that do not recognize it.
Ray Bradbury|In writing the short novel Fahrenheit 451 I thought I was describing a world that might evolve in four or five decades. But only a few weeks ago, in Beverly Hills one night, a husband and wife passed me, walking their dog. I stood staring after them, absolutely stunned. The woman held in one hand a small cigarette-package-sized radio, its antenna quivering. From this sprang tiny copper wires which ended in a dainty cone plugged into her right ear. There she was, oblivious to man and dog, listening to far winds and whispers and soap-opera cries, sleep-walking, helped up and down curbs by a husband who might just as well not have been there. This was not fiction.
Anita Clenney, Awaken the Highland Warrior|I'm looking for a man" Bree started."Aren't we all, dear? All I got's bread and doughnuts, but they're the next best thing""I don't know about that .. well maybe doughnuts. I've lost my .. friend. He's tall-sixfour-longish dark hair, wearing a kilt""Oh him" She smacked a hand over her heart "I'd take him over doughnuts any day
Sunday Adelaja|The more you die to self on daily basis, the more you enjoy life.
Cole Younger|Joe Smith and Brigham Young laid out Independence, but very soon thereafter enough citizens of the county collected to drive them off, after several stubborn fights.
Michelle Franklin|I went closer this time and touched him. He let out a deafening shriek, as if something had pierced into his heart. I held his hand and sat there, admiring the intricate network of life on them. The creases and folds in his body were testament to the cruelty that he had been subjected to in this world. The watery eyes screamed of the pain, the agonising wait to leave this godforsaken place forever, that had given him nothing but pleadings for mercy.
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|Piece by piece, my mother is being stolen from me.
Udayveer Singh|Years later, on a Steve Jobs discussion board on the website Gawker, the following tale appeared from someone who had worked at the Whole Foods store in Palo Alto a few blocks from Jobs' home: 'I was shagging carts one afternoon when I saw this silver Mercedes parked in a handicapped spot. Steve Jobs was inside screaming at his car phone. This was right before the first iMac was unveiled and I'm pretty sure I could make out, 'Not. Fucking. Blue. Enough!!!
Mary Berry|When I started, you had cochineal food colouring that would turn things pink, but you could never make it red. Now, red is no problem - and if you look at supermarket bakery sections since 'Bake Off' began, you can get everything.
Joseph J. Ellis, Founding Brothers: The Revolutionary Generation|All right,” he said. “Since you asked, Webmind is an emergent quantum-computational system based on a stable null-sigma condensate that resists decoherence thanks to constructive feedback loops.” He turned to the blackboard, scooped up a piece of chalk, and began writing rapidly. “See,” he said, “using Dirac notation, if we let Webmind’s default conscious state be represented by a bra of phi and a ket of psi, then this would be the einselected basis.” His chalk flew across the board again. “Now, we can get the vector basis of the total combined Webmind alpha-state consciousness...
Anonymous|How many times do two people have to fuck before one of them deserves to die?" _Eric Packer
Jettie Necole, Ruby|Ruby's eyes shot open when she woke, for she felt a constraint around her wrists and ankles. Feeling with her fingers, she touched cold metal. Her small movement gave the chains a slight jingle. A sinking feeling washed over her at the realization that she was chained.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Be a good listener. With rapt attention, let every communication or conversation you have with your mentor, friends or even strangers be well understood.
Debbie  Johnson, Christmas at the Comfort Food Cafe|One of the few advantages of reaching my age is that I've seen it all. Learned not to judge anyone until I've walked in their shoes. That's why we all need friends, isn't it, to help us out with the weak spots? And sometimes the weak spots nobody can see are the ones that hurt the most.
Ravi Teja|Tommie Aaron taught me how to have a good attitude, to be easy going and not get uptight.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey|Each drop that fell,had a story to tell.each smile that curved,said a million words.(Poem: Our Existence, Book: Ginger and Honey)
Abraham Lincoln|We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
Shania Twain, Shania Twain - Up!|Daylight fades away as I watch you.Darkness claims the sky and I wish you knewthat nothing you can do can keep me from you.But I stay out of sight and only whisper to you.Words I can’t say. Words you don’t need to hear.Words I can’t keep from tangling my way.Now, I can’t stand alone.Now, I am under your influence.You’ve taken over me and Now, I can’t ignore what I’ve been shown.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care who knows.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care if it shows.I’m weakened and I’m strengthened in your arms.You’ve claimed me and I need to feel you close.”“You stand wanting more than you could ever understand. I stand helpless needing to give in to your every command.Wanting to see you smile has consumed me and tied both my hands.Nothing I offer could ever be worthy of your love.It’s a miracle that you saw me and never ran.I will spend my whole life trying to be the man you think I am. Now, I can’t stand alone. Now, I am under your influence.You’ve taken over me and Now, I can’t ignore what I’ve been shown.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care who knows.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care if it shows.I’m weakened and I’m strengthened in your arms.You’ve claimed me and I need to feel you close.”“You hold fire within your gaze. It mesmerizes everyone you allow into your maze.I know nothing of your thoughtsbut I need to bask within the warmth of your rays.Nothing you do could ever be wrong.You’re forever perfect in every way. Now, I can’t stand alone. Now, I am under your influence.You’ve taken over me and Now, I can’t ignore what I’ve been shown.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care who knows.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care if it shows.I’m weakened and I’m strengthened in your arms.You’ve claimed me and I need to feel you close.” 	 ~ Dank
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|If Christianity is true, this changes EVERYTHING. Christ's very last words to us in scripture were: "Behold, I make all things new." (Rev. 21:5) I hope you remember that most moving line in the most moving movie ever made, The Passion Of The Christ, when Christ turns to His mother on the way to Calvary, explaining the need for the Cross and the blood and the agony: "See, Mother, I make all things new." I hope you remember that line with your tear ducts, which connect to the heart, as well as with your ears, which connect to the brain. Christ changed every human being he ever met. In fact, He changed history, splitting it open like a coconut and inserting eternity into the split between B.C. and A.D. If anyone claims to have met Him without being changed, he has not met Him at all. When you touch Him, you touch lightning.
Zig Ziglar|Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there
Alberto D. Bautista|What might be your current goal can motivate you in some situations. For like when you priority something and you have loose ends on it, it will make your back itch.
Bluenscottish|The Leader who grows his team not just in numbers but by nurturing the roots of their success,has planted a field of dreams
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|I decided that if I didn't allow myself to fall asleep, then I wouldn't have to wake up again and despair.
Bruce Edwin|People that love quotes are those short on time, but long on big ideas.
Woo Myung, Where You Become True Is The Place Of Truth|Truth is the world and falseness is man who lives within his mind world which has copied the world of Truth. Therefore, man must cleanse and discard his mind. He must become “poor in spirit” in order to go to the real world that is heaven.
Michelle Madow, The Secret Diamond Sisters|Hanging with people who make you feel unappreciated, for the mere sake of appearing to be popular, is the loneliest place to be.
C.S. Lewis|In God you come up against something which is in every respect immeasurably superior to yourself. Unless you know God as that-and, therefore, know yourself as nothing in comparison-you do not know God at all. 
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Time is Money, I am No Ones Honey, Trust Me. I can Make It Dollars Every Second.
Aaron Neville|The way I look at it is that somebody in the world, no matter what your field is - teacher, violinist, football player - has to be the best. Why not me?
Chuck Wendig, Invasive|We’re here to change the world, not participate in its tedium.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|Life is pain. We are all in pain, all the time.""There are other things this universe has to offer," says the creature, "Light, live, touch, sensation. The way you are all made of the same pieces; the same fragments of stardust and yet you are all so different.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Success appeals to the eye, but it's the journey that captures the heart.
Susan May Warren, Baroness|It's because when God adopts you into His family, you belong to Him. He stamps His name on you. A name that comes with His protection. And His birthright, which is eternity and the power to live with joy on this earth.
Runaway Bunny|And inside, inside I feel a dark chasm. And its getting wider, deeper. It’s breaking my heart apart more and more. The chasm is filling up. Filling up with gallons and gallons tears. Tears that were unshed, but piled up. And the endless supply of hurt, anger, and sadness grew and grew. And now its going to burst out. The tears will empty from the chasm, and fall out as a stream from my blood shot eyes. And the chasm will expand, and expand and it will be too much for my small heart that can only take so much. And my heart will crack in two. But no one will know. No one will know the about the expanding chasms, or the gallons of tears, because I will appear fine on the outside. I will keep pretending. Even though inside I’m crying, and I’m breaking in two.
Heather Wolf, Kipnuk the Talking Dog|There is no such thing as tough love. Love is kind, love is compassionate, love is tender.
Shakira|To know yourself as the Being underneath the thinker, the stillness underneath the mental noise, the love and joy underneath the pain, is freedom, salvation, enlightenment.
Connie Kerbs|We have indeed, felt the effects of the epic journey that has been our life. We have covered a lot of ground, parenting, marriage, career, family and otherwise, and at times, surely, have felt the worse for the wear, especially when different circumstances have chewed us up and spit us out! When it felt as if the kiln was stoked to maximum heat levels, and that we would shatter into a billion pieces that would never all be found! There are some differences now, having a little more seasoning to us. First of all, now we understand there is no such thing as being finished. There is always more firing, refining and glazing we can experience, and it is only a matter of when and how, not if we will do so. Secondly, we look forward to it, knowing now it would take more heat than possible to break us beyond repair.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Tell me, who in this life, were never guided in course of their realization of their goal?
Mariano Ngan, Cracks in the Armor|Greed is a suit that’s tailor made: it finds a way to fit every lifestyle, no matter how much or how little you earn.
Pamela Clare, Defiant|You think Diana would come to your bed?” Ned threw his head back and laughed. “You’re mad! First of all, she would never break her marriage vows. Secondly, she’s certainly deduced by now what a whoremonger you are. She wouldn’t touch you with gloves, my friend.” from THE DEVIL YOU KNOW (DEVIL DEVERE book #3)
Willem Lange|My mother gave me a disappointed look. Then I gave her one back. Mine was for everything, not just the sandwich.
Corinne Meier|In passion we trust, for passion finds infinity and says that is how many ways I can exist.
Robert J. Braathe|No war is ever glorious. Heroes are usually dead. Besides, they rarely turn into heroes because they are super-humans, but because of circumstances.
Lewis Grizzard|New York is large, glamorous, easy-going, kindly and incurious, but above all it is a crucible - because it is large enough to be incurious.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I can sit here and say I've survived heart break and all those nights I thought I couldn't bare to live without you, yeah I just want to thank them, because I did & now I couldn't imagine a life with you.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|It was octarine, the colour of magic. It was alive and glowing and vibrant and it was the undisputed pigment of the imagination, because wherever it appeared it was a sign that mere matter was a servant of the powers of the magical mind. It was enchantment itself.But Rincewind always thought it looked a sort of greenish-purple.
Juanes|I've got no problem with anybody's religion. But if you go claiming the Earth is only 10,000 years old, that's just wrong.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|She clenched her fist in his T-shirt, put her other arm around those too-broad, too-real shoulders. When he tried to pull away, she held on tight. Kami felt the surrender in his mind a moment before he laid his face in the curve of her neck. The whole world was so real it hurt.Kami whispered into Jared's hair, "I'm always on your side.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|If you are open to change and welcome surprise, you know the secret of creativity and the secret of life.
Cameron Adams, Breaking Convention: Essays on Psychedelic Consciousness|In the words of Lynne McTaggart: "Living consciousness somehow is the influence that turns the possibility of something into something real. The most essential ingredient in creating our universe is the consciousness that observes it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When our faith becomes nothing more than a series of rules and regulations, joy flees and our love for Christ grows cold.
Ardiana Bani Cohn|There's this idea that to live out of conformity with how I feel is hypocrisy; but that's a wrong definition of hypocrisy. To live out of conformity to what I believe is hypocrisy. To live in conformity with what I believe, in spite of what I feel, isn't hypocrisy; it's integrity.
Failte, The Girl For Me|What the hell happened to your leg?" Ang asked him. Matt looked down at his shin, which was scraped and oozing and seemed to be caked in mud. "Crashed.""Crashed what?" Ang asked. "My mountain bike. We just got back.""You crashed, then what? Rolled in dirt?"He laughed. "Something like that actually. It's not a successful ride if you don't bleed." He must not have noticed the look of horror on my face, because he asked, suddenly enthusiastic, "You guys ride?"Angelo and I just looked at each other, and he seemed to realize that was a "no." "Too bad. Well, make yourselves at home. Beer's in the fridge. I have to get cleaned up. Kickoff's in ten minutes.""Football?" Angelo asked. Matt looked at his as if he had just asked if the sky was really blue. "Yeah! First game of the regular season!" We just stared blankly at him, and he just laughed and disappeared down the hall. Angelo looked at me with a smile on his face. "Four fags watchin' football. Must be pretty fuckin' cold in hell right now.
Mensah Oteh|Passion is the feeling of excitement, energy and enthusiasm you feel towards something or someone you care about.
Saim Cheeda|Don’t waste your time dying over the past, spend it living in the present.
Jon Krakauer|Alex here. (...) Ron, I really enjoy all the help you have given me and the times we spent together. I hope that you will not be too depressed by our parting. It may be a very long time before we see each other again. But providing that I get through the Alaskan Deal in one piece you will be hearing form me again in the future. I’d like to repeat the advice I gave you before, in that I think you really should make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing or been to hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one piece of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. (...) Once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty. (...) Don’t settle down and sit in one place. Move around, be nomadic, make each day a new horizon. (...) You are wrong if you think joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living.Ron, I really hope that as soon as you can you will get out of Salton City, put a little camper on the back of your pickup, and start seeing some of the great work that God has done here in the American West. you will see things and meet people and there is much to learn from them. And you must do it economy style, no motels, do your own cooking, as a general rule spend as little as possible and you will enjoy it much more immensely. I hope that the next time I see you, you will be a new man with a vast array of new adventures and experiences behind you. Don’t hesitate or allow yourself to make excuses. Just get out and do it. Just get out and do it. You will be very, very glad that you did.Take care Ron,Alex
Sandra Rodriguez Barron, Stay with Me: A Novel|Acuerdate de lo que te digo, mi niño. No tengas miedo. Todo lo que te ha pasado te ayudará. Vas a salir adelante.
Dr. Russ Hill, Medical Investigation 101: A Book to Inspire Your Interest in Medicine and How Doctors Think|Having a system for thinking deeper can provide greater insight into solving everyday problems. Such a system is shared in my book, Medical Investigation 101.
Bridget Allison, Maid in the Shade|When you see me in a scarf you may think “Oh, she went to some trouble there.” But no, when I wear a scarf it means "this grey blouse was unwrinkled and those mocha pants make my behind look fine and voila I have a vivid grey and brown silk scarf which means I have transformed self from bone lazy to coordinated accessory maven.(Maid in Waiting publish date June 2014)
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|This was the face that Ga had shown the world, that of a boy who had swallowed the things that had happened to him, but who wouldn’t understand what they meant for a long, long time.
Todd Misura, Divergence: Erotica from a Different Angle|Ghost shook his head as he sat on the very edge of the bed, poised to take flight if need be. The spiral under his hair felt warm, almost painful, but he resisted the urge to rub it. It never helped when he did, and he was not sure what Gerry would do if the man saw it. The Witch had a symbol she called a triskele, the ink a vivid scarlet still, but no male that had ever come for healing bore a mark like hers, or like his. He had never found the words to ask the Witch about it, about why he was marked like a witch.
Bill  Nye, Undeniable: Evolution and the Science of Creation|It's survival of the hang-in-there's, or the made-the-cuts, or the just good-enoughs.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|As we all know, as if forever exploiting or attempting to exploit each other were not enough, a group of sane human beings who have just reached the end of a war against a common enemy of theirs will sooner or later start or continue killing and/or fighting against each other.
Kayla Krantz, The Council|The way I see it, you can live your life as is, continuing to feel like an underdog, or you can step up. Be someone who matters, and make a change.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|At this moment, you are seamlessly flowing with the cosmos. There is no difference between your breathing and the breathing of the rain forest, between your bloodstream and the world’s rivers, between your bones and the chalk cliffs of Dover.
John Podhoretz|I had no precise plan when I started 'Electronica,' but I think it has been a very positive journey for me.
Stuart Dybek|Language has been mobilised and sent into battle; it directs the human carnage of conflict with its enunciation of emotion, stimulating souls to abandon peace.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|We're connected, as women. It's like a spiderweb. If one part of that web vibrates, if there's trouble, we all know it, but most of the time we're just too scared, or selfish, or insecure to help. But if we don't help each other, who will?
Marianne Williamson|Humility and Trustworthiness are not rooted only in Presentation, Voice modulation or Nice Jorganbut in Actions and Intentions that speak louder than you do and they last longer
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|No, you don’t have to be perfect or completely healed and whole to manifest your SoulMate, and neither do they.
Justin Go, The Steady Running of the Hour|I may not believe in God, but I still fear him.
Shel Silverstein|Israel is a country that respects freedom - freedom of assembly, freedom of speech and freedom of worship.
Jakaya Kikwete|I believe the reason for my early independence is sport, through which I learnt at an early stage to take care of myself and be disciplined.
Terry W. Glaspey, Book Lover's Guide to Great Reading: A Guided Tour of Classic & Contemporary Literature|Let me begin with a heartfelt confession.I admit it. I am a biblioholic, one who loves books and whose life would seem incomplete without them. I am an addict, with a compulsive need to stop by nearly any bookstore I pass in order to get my fix. Books are an essential part of my life, the place where I have spent many unforgettable moments. For me, reading is one of the most enjoyable ways to pass a rainy afternoon or a leisurely summer day. I crave the knowledge and insights that truly great books bring into my life and can spend transported hours scouring used book stores for volumes which "I simply must have". I love the smell and feel of well-loved books and the look of a bookcase full of books waiting to be taken down and read.
David Brin, Glory Season|But evil is always illusion. It insists on the lie that we can have something for ourselves. This is the sole principle at work in hell. Lucifer chose to believe it; or, since it is unimaginable that he actually could have believed it, then we may say that he chose to pretend it might be. Very well, says Truth, you may pretend this. But the pretense will be, literally, your undoing. It will unmake you. You will have opted for something that is not, namely, a lie. Hell is built of lies.
Amy Sandas, Luck Is No Lady|Perhaps... Perhaps he could make her happy. Not with the Granville money or his social cachet, but just by being the man he was, at his core. Sometimes, when he looked deep into those blue eyes, it felt like anything was possible.
Silvina Faiella Miller|We act as a conduit for the observers’ unexpressed desires, the silent appreciation they may contain for anything; a lover, a river, a building even
Ashleigh Z., Louisiana Sky|It follows that a tender heart that reaches for love and understanding is often the easiest to break. Hearts that are open and trusting are usually the ones that are wounded the most. This world is filed with men and woman who have rejected the love offered to them from a heart that is gentle and tender. Those strong, hard-shelled hearts that trust no one, hearts that give so little, hearts that demand love be constantly proved, hearts that are always calculating hearts that are always manipulating and self-serving, hearts that are afraid to risk are the ones that seldom get broken. They don't get wounded, because there is nothing to wound. They are too proud and self-centered to allow anyone else to make them suffer in any way. They go about breaking other hearts and trampling on the fragile souls who touch their lives, simply because they are so thick and dull at heart themselves, and they think everyone should be just as they are.
Alan Hollinghurst|Yes, I am an author. I have written some beautiful love stories and witnessed some ugly relationships.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|Since in early youth it cannot be known what ends are likely to occur to us in the course of life, parents seek to have their children taught a great many things, and provide for their skill in the use of means for all sorts of arbitrary ends, of none of which can they determine whether it may not perhaps hereafter be an object to determine their pupil, but which it is at all events possible that he might aim at; and this anxiety is so great that they commonly neglect to form and correct their judgement on the value of the things which may be chosen as ends.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|In that smooth fortress of glass, I caught a glimpse of my corruption gripping steel, which before I had thought of as my salvation, but now represented my obliteration.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism and Human Emotions|For I do not exist: there exist but the thousands of mirrors that reflect me. With every acquaintance I make, the population of phantoms resembling me increases. Somewhere they live, somewhere they multiply. I alone do not exist.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|So you’re suggesting we take the train up to York, meet a ninety-year-old man, leap on him, and yank out his hair? I’m sure the Clave will beecstatic.”“They’ll just say you’re mad,” said Jessamine. “They already think it, so what’s the difference, really?
Stefan Bachmann, A Drop of Night|The Gay' is not infectious, the world is not coming to an end, and people are happy. Gosh, how about that.
Rinsai Rossetti|Pale sky, white land; like somewhere past the end of the world
Meghan Daum|The search for happiness has long been a dominant feature of American life. It's a byproduct of prosperity, not to mention the most famous line in the Declaration of Independence.
Richard Stallman|I want people to come to me open and vulnerable. When they come to the gallery, they have to leave their watches, their computers, their Blackberrys, iPads, iPhones, because we are so incredibly used to technology, and I wanted to remove that.
Dana Glossbrenner, Women Behind Stained Glass|In the end, notwithstanding a surreal detour in the 1970s, Patricia led the life she for which she was destined back in Hillsborough. The story of Patricia Hearst, as extraordinary as it once was, had a familiar, even predictable ending. She did not turn into a revolutionary. She turned into her mother.
Cardwell C. Nuckols|Nurturing words show that you believe in the other party's capacity to learn, change and grow. One's mind is like a computer. Every message you send goes into one of two files: discounting or nurturing. The file with the most data will direct how one sees and feels about himself or herself. Messages that nurture are based on unconditional love which must be worked at, especially if you come from a discounting family. You will need to rely on Jesus to fill the void in your life with His presence and help you learn how to love unconditionall like He loves us.
Vinita Kinra|I love it as it is, because it is a story, and it isn't stuck in one place.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|In every moment we are faced with choices that will serve our highest intentions, or gratify our unconscious desires.
Denise Riley, War in the Nursery: Theories of the Child and Mother|The best tactic against evil isn't confront with him, otherwise is to get away from him
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Children|Have you ever loved someone so intensely, so entirely ,that it's painful to be apart from them? I'm not talking about being in a long-distance relationship or even a particularly painful case of unrequited love. I'm talking about being in a completely different world from the other person, a world where you can see them and hear them but you can't touch them and they can't see or hear you.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|But I realized that not only did I need to keep tuning my skills as a doctor, I also had to figure out a way to live with the uncertainty of medicine and its attendant anxiety.
Terry Pratchett|Anyone with half a mind could see that," said Tiffany.Miss Tick sighed. "Yes. But sometimes it's so hard to find half a mind when you need one.
Pansy Schneider-Horst|This is the hardest stuff in the world to photograph. You need a three-hundred-and-sixty-degree lens, or something. You see it, and then you look down in the ground glass and it's just nothing. As soon as you put a border on it, it's gone.
shaikh mustafa|All POOR wish to become RICH,BUT all RICH wish the POOR remain POOR.
Vishwas Mudagal, Losing My Religion|If you follow your passion, the world will follow yours…
John W. Campbell Jr.|Write me a creature that thinks as well as a man or better than a man, but not like a man.
James Wood|Narrative secrets are not the same as human mysteries, a lesson that novelists seem fates to forget, again and again; the former quickly confess themselves, and fall silent, while the true mysteries go on speaking.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|This is the strange life of books that you enter along as a writer, mapping an unknown territory that arises as you travel. If you succeed in the voyage, others enter after, one at a time, also alone, but in communion with your imagination, traversing your route. Books are solitudes where we meet.
Christina Engela, Loderunner|Timaset didn’t need a ship – especially not a flying museum piece! And as far as he knew, a dodgy plasma injector could drop you smack into a wormhole ending somewhere on the other side of the universe with no way back. Well, he could always sell the damn thing. Couldn’t he? He could use the money. Damn, he could always use the money! Maybe the crew would want to buy it over from him?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Gratitude is one of the greatest Christian virtues; ingratitude, one of the most vicious sins.
David Benioff, City of Thieves|The front door is usually unlocked and there is no alarm system. They don't wear their seat belts in the car; they don't wear suntan lotion in the sun. They have decided nothing can kill them but God himself, and they don't even believe in him.
Rachael Ray|McDonald's revolutionized fast food. They introduced a way to eat food without knives, forks or plates. Most fast foods can be eaten while steering the wheel of a car and the restaurants are usually drive through.
Marcel Proust|A book is no mere book anymore than man can be mere man. A book was like an individual man, unmatched and with no cause of existence beyond himself.
Ha-Joon Chang|While Texas women have the right to safe, legal abortion, in reality there are already very few facilities in Texas to provide this essential care. In 2008, 92 percent of Texas counties had no abortion provider.
Eric Bishop-Potter, Jimmy, Mrs Fisher and Me|I catch sight of Janice. Her eyes are so full of excitement that I half expect her to jump up and down. This is something she'll never forget, I tell myself. As an old lady with all the spirit knocked out of her and nobody believe in she'll remember a happy day in July when a horny young guy strutted his stuff and made her heart beat fast.
Lewis Thomas|Statistically, the probability of any one of us being here is so small that the mere fact of our existence should keep us all in a state of contented dazzlement.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Destiny|I'm not some possession." I pushed at his chest once more. "No, you're not." His mouth returned to mine. "You are my wife." I continued to struggle with the mass of him. He pulled his head back. "You're the only woman I've loved since I lost my mother and sister." His eyes intent on mine. Torn by my anger and his admission, I stopped protesting. His mouth moved against my neck and his body pressed into mine. "I have loved you for so long.
Nancy B. Brewer, Lizzie After the War|Soeur Seraphina gently removed my lace fontanges. It was named for the King’s mistress Angelique de Fontanges, who had lost her hat while hunting one day and had hastily tied up her curls with her garter. The King had admired the effect, and the next day all the court ladies had appeared with their curls tied back with lace
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|The biggest opportunity one can get in life, it is a chance to make friends!
Rabindranath Tagore, Collected Poems and Plays of Rabindranath Tagore|Let me not pray to be sheltered from dangers,but to be fearless in facing them. Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain, butfor the heart to conquer it.
Jean Piaget|When I got hired to do 'Guardians,' it was the dream of a lifetime for me. This is what I've been working towards. I've always wanted to create a space adventure, and especially a space adventure with a raccoon. Now that I'm finally able to do it, I created exactly the movie I wanted to make.
Gloria E. Anzaldúa|Though we tremble before uncertain futuresmay we meet illness, death and adversity with strengthmay we dance in the face of our fears.
Renee Ahdieh, Flame in the Mist|You are first and foremost a person. A reckless, foolish person, but a person nonetheless. If I ever say you are not permitted to do something, rest assured that the last reason I would ever say so would be because you are a girl.
Frances Hardinge|Zeal was like gas, most dangerous when you could not see it. The wrong spark could light it at any time.
Emma Watson|If you're lucky enough to experience love, what you find is that it can sustain you through the most difficult times.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|The captain was amusing. He said that he himself couldn't draw and proved his words by drawing his own house for his prisoner to see. It was just such a house as the babies drew in the kindergarten: a square box with four square windows, a door and two chimneys, each with a neat curl of smoke. "That's best I can do," said the Captain, laughing.Max laughed with him for politeness' sake, though inwardly he was shocked that an important man like the Captain made a fool of himself. "Vater does not draw," he said kindly, "nor does Mutti; but they are both very keen on photography. Perhaps you are good at that?""Not brilliant," said the Captain.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|We are only different because there exists something to be different from, and it is this difference that bonds us.
Ron Baratono|Whatever made me the way I am left me hollow, empty inside, unable to feel. It doesn't seem like a big deal.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|Here's an easy way to figure out if you're in a cult: If you're wondering whether you're in a cult, the answer is yes.
Isabella Bird|I was brought up Catholic and know the stench of the Catholic Church. I moved away from religion early, but the impression remains.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|SOWING LIGHTNINGSeizeBolts of lightning from the skyAnd plant them in fields of life.They will grow like tender sprouts of fire.Charge somber thoughtsWith unexpected flash,You, my lightning in the soil!
Finn Aaserud, Love, Literature, and the Quantum Atom: Niels Bohr's 1913 Trilogy Revisited|For the first time (but how long will it take us to acknowledge this?) in the history of ideas, a philosopher had dedicated a whole book to the question of atheism. He professed it, demonstrated it, arguing and quoting, sharing his reading and his reflections, and seeking confirmation from his own observations of the everyday world. His title sets it out clearly: Memoir of the Thoughts and Feelings of Jean Meslier; and so does his subtitle: Clear and Evident Demonstrations of the Vanity and Falsity of All the Religions of the World. The book appeared in 1729, after his death. Meslier had spent the greater part of his life working on it. The history of true atheism had begun.
Liimu McGill, The MomStar Manifesto|I believe there are no wrong decisions, just different consequences.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|When people are free to choose, they choose freedom
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Breeze strolled over to the table and chose a seat with his characteristic decorum. The portly man raised his dueling cane, pointing it at Ham. 'I see that my period of intellectual respite has come to an end.'Ham smiled. 'I thought up a couple beastly questions while I was gone, and I've been saving them just for you, Breeze.''I'm dying of anticipation,' Breeze said. He turned his cane toward Lestibournes. 'Spook, drink.'Spook rushed over and fetched Breeze a cup of wine.'He's such a fine lad,' Breeze noted, accepting the drink. 'I barely even have to nudge him Allomantically. If only the rest of you ruffians were so accommodating.'Spook frowned. 'Niceing the not on the playing without.''I have no idea what you just said, child,' Breeze said. 'So I'm simply going to pretend it was coherent, then move on.'Kelsier rolled his eyes. 'Losing the stress on the nip,' he said. 'Notting without the needing of care.''Riding the rile of the rids to the right,' Spook said with a nod.'What are you two babbling about?' Breeze said testily.'Wasing the was of brightness,' Spook said. 'Nip the having of wishing of this.''Ever wasing the doing of this,' Kelsier agreed.'Ever wasing the wish of having the have,' Ham added with a smile. 'Brighting the wish of wasing the not.'Breeze turned to Dockson with exasperation. 'I believe our companions have finally lost their minds, dear friend.'Dockson shrugged. Then, with a perfectly straight face, he said, 'Wasing not of wasing is.
Ashim Shanker, Only the Deplorable|His hatred for all was so intense that it should extinguish the very love from which it was conceived. And thus, he ceased to feel. There was nothing further in which to believe that made the prospect of feeling worthwhile. Daily he woke up and cast downtrodden eyes upon the sea and he would say to himself with a hint of regret at his hitherto lack of indifference, 'All a dim illusion, was it? Surely it was foolish of me to think any of this had meaning.' He would then spend hours staring at the sky, wondering how best to pass the time if everything—even the sky itself— were for naught. He arrived at the conclusion that there was no best way to pass the time. The only way to deal with the illusion of time was to endure it, knowing full well, all the while, that one was truly enduring nothing at all. Unfortunately for him, this nihilistic resolution to dispassion didn’t suit him very well and he soon became extremely bored. Faced now with the choice between further boredom and further suffering, he impatiently chose the latter, sailing another few weeks along the coast , and then inland, before finally dropping anchor off the shores of the fishing village of Yami.
Shannon L. Alder|The number of chances you give someone doesn't tell the world how loving you are without telling them how desperate you are to believe they care as much as you. True love resides in the first chance, stupidity in the second, opportunists in the third and scoundrels in the fourth.
Tom Brokaw|In 1998, Vanity Fair asked me to write a big piece for them on the 50th anniversary of the New York City Ballet. My life, to a great extent, had been spent at and with the New York City Ballet, and I decided to try it. It was very scary, writing about something I loved so much and had such strong opinions about.
Anna   Stevens, Turn Your Dreams And Wants Into Achievable SMART Goals!|You have to set the time frame for accomplishing your goal. If you don’t, it may take forever to reach your destination and you may get tired and change your focus. Consequently, to help you obtain and keep the sense of urgency that will help you stay focused, you have to set a deadline by which the goal has to be achieved.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If I tell you not to follow me, it ain't because I hate you, kiddo.I just don't want you feel dissapointed...when seeing the truth.
William Brodrick, The Day of the Lie|Sometimes, Anselm – and especially with the most important parts of our lives – we cannot share who we are. We can give the facts, as information, to a stranger; but with a friend we want to give that little bit more, something that changes the facts into flesh and spirit . . . and at certain times we can’t do it. Because ultimately we can’t give away our depths: they lie beyond our grasp. It is when we most want to do so that we realize how immense we are . . . more vast and mysterious than the night sky; and alone.
Cier Galla|God is an author, and we are His best story.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|The world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers & cities; but to know someone who thinks & feels with us, & who, though distant, is close to us in spirit, this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden.
Gareth Gates|I was already, I think, at the age of 18, showing signs of being incompetent in the lab.
John Welwood|Awareness born of love is the only force that can bring healing and renewal. Out of our love for another person, we become more willing to let our old identities wither and fall away, and enter a dark night of the soul, so that we may stand naked once more in the presence of the great mystery that lies at the core of our being. This is how love ripens us -- by warming us from within, inspiring us to break out of our shell, and lighting our way through the dark passage to new birth.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|I have carried only a few ideas out of life's storm - and not one feeling. I have long lived according to the head, not the heart. I consider and analyze my personal passions and actions with a strict curiosity, but without sympathy. There are two people within me: one who lives in the full sense of the word, and the other who reasons and judges him.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Saturday mornings, I’ve learned, are a great opportunity for kids to sneak into your bed, fall back asleep, and kick you in the face.
Priscilla Shirer, Fervent: A Woman's Battle Plan to Serious, Specific and Strategic Prayer|If all we're doing is flinging words and emotions in all directions without any real consideration for the specific ways the enemy is targeting us and the promises of God that apply to us, we're mostly just wasting our time.
Linda Ellerbee|I think laughter may be a form of courage. As humans we sometimes stand tall and look into the sun and laugh, and I think we are never more brave than when we do that.
C.J. Anderson, Klarity|Science has never killed or persecuted a single person for doubting or denying its teaching, and most of these teaching have been true; but religion has murdered millions for doubting or denying her dogmas and most of these dogmas have been false.All stories about gods and devils, of heavens and hells, as they do not conform to nature, and are not apparent to sense, should be rejected without consideration. Beyond the universe there is nothing and within the universe the supernatural does not and cannot exist.Of all deceivers who have plagued mankind, none are so deeply ruinous to human happiness as those imposters who pretend to lead by a light above nature.The lips of the dead are closed forever. There comes no voice from the tomb. Christianity is responsible for having cast the fable of eternal fire over almost every grave.
David Sedaris|Humanity's true moral test, its fundamental test…consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals.
Erlend Loe, Naïve. Super|Do you see, Arren, how an act is not, as young men think, like a rock that one picks up and throws, and it hits or misses, and that's the end of it. When that rock is lifted, the earth is lighter; the hand that bears it is heavier. When it is thrown, the circuits of the stars respond, and where it strikes or falls the universe is changed.
Jack London|Don’t dash off a six-thousand-word story before breakfast. Don’t write too much. Concentrate your sweat on one story, rather than dissipate it over a dozen. Don’t loaf and invite inspiration; light out after it with a club, and if you don’t get it you will none the less get something that looks remarkably like it. Set yourself a “stint,” [London wrote 1,000 words nearly every day of his adult life] and see that you do that “stint” each day; you will have more words to your credit at the end of the year.Study the tricks of the writers who have arrived. They have mastered the tools with which you are cutting your fingers. They are doing things, and their work bears the internal evidence of how it is done. Don’t wait for some good Samaritan to tell you, but dig it out for yourself.See that your pores are open and your digestion is good. That is, I am confident, the most important rule of all.Keep a notebook. Travel with it, eat with it, sleep with it. Slap into it every stray thought that flutters up into your brain. Cheap paper is less perishable than gray matter, and lead pencil markings endure longer than memory.And work. Spell it in capital letters. WORK. WORK all the time. Find out about this earth, this universe; this force and matter, and the spirit that glimmers up through force and matter from the maggot to Godhead. And by all this I mean WORK for a philosophy of life. It does not hurt how wrong your philosophy of life may be, so long as you have one and have it well.The three great things are: GOOD HEALTH; WORK; and a PHILOSOPHY OF LIFE. I may add, nay, must add, a fourth—SINCERITY. Without this, the other three are without avail; with it you may cleave to greatness and sit among the giants." magazine, March 1903)]
Dwight L. Moody|Importunity is a condition of prayer. We are to press the matter  not with vain repetitions  but with urgent repetitions. We repeat  not to count the times  but to gain the prayer. We cannot quit praying because heart and soul are in it. We pray "with all perseverance." We hang to our prayers because by them we live. We press our pleas because we must have them  or die.
M.., The Meaning(s) of Life: A Human's Guide to the Biology of Souls|What is the meaning of it, Watson? said Holmes solemnly as he laid down the paper. "What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear? It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable. But what end? There is the great standing perennial problem to which human reason is as far from an answer as ever.
Augustine of Hippo|Lord Jesus, don't let me lie when I say that I love you...and protect me, for today I could betray you.
Zack Love, The Doorman|The self-realized spirit is merely a spirit emancipated from fear, judgement and knowing.
- Joe Kenehan, Matewan (John Sayles, 1987)|Mad Max the crazies ever made film. Such unique, incrediable, awesome and phenomenal film. You can't believe how is made!
Edmund Phelps|I've lived to see key parts of my research absorbed in textbooks and in central banks around the world. And some finance ministries, too.
Ramana Maharshi|Some advice: keep the flame of curiosity and wonderment alive, even when studying for boring exams. That is the well from which we scientists draw our nourishment and energy. And also, learn the math. Math is the language of nature, so we have to learn this language.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your feet may be small, but travel much. Your hands may be little, but conquer much. Your eyes may be tiny, but perceive much. Your ears may be modest, but heed much.
Iyanla Vanzant|I wanted to inspire people not to work under a bamboo ceiling. Whatever you are - yellow, black, white, brown - you don't have to allow your skin to define who you are or how you operate your business. There's not one face to anything.
Paul Theroux, The Kingdom by the Sea|I said I didn't think it would be a collectivist state so much as a wilderness in which most people lived hand to mouth, and the rich would live like princes - better than the rich had ever lived, except that their lives would constantly be in danger from the hungry predatory poor. All the technology would serve the rich, but they would need it for their own protection and to assure their continued prosperity.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|Autumn that year painted the countryside in vivid shades of scarlet, saffron and russet, and the days were clear and crisp under harvest skies.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|You think you're superior to the others, don't you? We'll you're not. In fact you're worse for mistaking basic human decency for moral superiority.
Edward Brooke|Fact: From quitting smoking to skiing, we succeed to the degree we try, fail, and learn. Studies show that people who worry about mistakes shut down, but those who are relaxed about doing badly soon learn to do well. Success is built on failure.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Standing naked on the beach with all of my secrets between my legs, I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself…
Pete Rose|It's a round ball and a round bat, and you got to hit it square.
James Curcio, Join My Cult!|To become a true global citizen, one must abandon all notions of otherness and instead embrace togetherness.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|Being the people we are, and feeling the way that we do, getting excited about going somewhere new can be terrifying. Of course it is, I get it! But if you don’t travel, you’ll regret it. Your soul will forever be empty.
Jillbert Sumbidan|I don't care what people say, I mind myself as who and what I am 'cause I'm born this way.
A.E. Via|Syn pulled Furi to his chest. “Furi, I want you to go back through the bar and go wait at my place. I’m going to have a little chat with your ex-husband,” Syn said extra loudly.Furi huffed in annoyance, “Syn, I took six months of self-defense courses at the YMCA this year. I can fight for myself.”Syn looked at Furi like he’d lost his damn mind. “At the Y? Well hell, that’s great Furious. If you ever get jumped by the Village People, feel free to pull out those moves. As for now, I want you to take your karate-kicking-YMCA-going-ass back to my apartment,” Syn snarled at Furi, urging him toward the door, having neither the time nor the patience to argue with his ridiculous pride. Thankfully, with one final glare Furi went back into the pub. When Syn turned back, God and Day were looking back and forth between him and his two foes.“What’s going on here, fellas?” God asked casually, not acknowledging Syn.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|There is enough conformity in the world Lord MacCaulay. I doubt that mine, or lack of it, will send the planet from its axis. Meanwhile, my heart does not soar for the riches you set before me. Perhaps one day, I may feel differently. For now, I wish to taste that which most women do not.”Mademoiselle Noire - The Gentlemen's Club
Andrena Sawyer|I do the splits perfectly in PE. I lose half a pound in two days. I get the spinach and pig-meat frittata from the lo-carb section for lunch. And no-one else knows. I mentally construct a MyFace status, polishing the memories carefully until they shine. The need to record my life is as fundamental as my need to breathe. Without MyFace, I'm floating. I have nothing to anchor me down, to prove I exist.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention|All our contemporaries...had some big ideology to live for. Everybody thought he had to either fight in Spain or die for something else, and most of us had to be in prison for one reason or another. And then at the end it turns out that none of these great ideologies was worth your sacrificing anything for. Even doing personal good is very difficult to be absolutely sure about. It's very difficult to know exactly whether to live for an ideology or even to live for doing good. But there cannot be anything wrong in making a pot, I'll tell you. When making a pot you can't bring any evil into the world. - Eva Zeisel, ceramist.
Stacy Schiff, Vera|Véra assumed her married name almost as a stage name; rarely has matrimony so much represented a profession. It was one of the ironies of the life that – born at a time and place where women could and did lay claim to all kinds of ambitions – she should elevate the role of wife to a high art. […] Traditionally, a man changes his name and braces himself for fame; a woman changes hers and passes into oblivion. This was not to be Véra’s case, although she did gather her married name around her like a cloak, which she occasionally opened to startling effect. She would never be forced to make a woman’s historic choice between love and work. Nor would Verochka, as Vladimir called her, squander any of her professional training, though as it happened her husband would be the direct (and sole) beneficiary of that expertise.
Heather Brewer|I have so much respect for the emotionally brave. The ones who put in the emotional work and take the real risks of being vulnerable and removing masks. It's easy to make chitchat, but it's hard to speak about what's really under the surface. It's easy to joke, but difficult to cry. It's easy to numb, but hard to feel.Ironically the real victims of emotional laziness are the people themselves. They end up choosing their emotional comfort zones over happiness. So in the end, they may not be 'uncomfortable' anymore; but they are also miserable.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|An' I got to thinkin', on'y it wasn't thinkin', it was deeper down than thinkin'.
