Debasish Mridha|In the process of letting go, we create abundance.
Ammon Hennacy|When men have realized that time has upset many fighting faiths, they may come to believe... that the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas-- that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market, and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out. That at any rate is the theory of our Constitution. It is an experiment. As all life is an experiment. Every year if not every day we wager our salvation upon some prophecy based upon imperfect knowledge. 
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Things rarely go exactly as we expect, but in the long run, they work out well for those who love God. His plan is higher than ours.
Janell Rhiannon, Invisible Wings|We must not be too prodigal with our angels; they are the last divinities we harbor, and they might fly away.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Yet it would be your duty to bear it, if you could not avoid it: it is weak and silly to say you cannot bear what it is your fate to be required to bear.
Toni Morrison|I don't think anybody cares about unwed mothers unless they're black or poor. The question is not morality, the question is money. That's what we're upset about.
P. H. Solomon|When his dead father touched his hand, Athson almost dropped the arrow." From The Bow of Destiny
Hayley Williams|You don’t go to a show because you think someone in the band is hot. You don’t go because they always wear this cool, awesome outfit, or have the right hair. Those things are part of what makes up the whole picture of the music… but those things wouldn’t compel you to spend your hard earned money on a ticket to spend a night watching those clothes or that hair move around for a little while. Music resonates with everyone, which is why we call it the “universal language.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|It's funny, how one can look back on a sorrow one thought one might well die of at the time, and know that one had not yet reckoned the tenth part of true grief.
Doug Stanhope|I don't even understand the connection with 'died for your sins'. He died for your sin, well, how does one affect the other? 'I hit myself in the foot with a shovel for your mortgage'...
Anamika Mishra|and angle of vision, dust, gravity, solitude, and the part of the law which is the world's waitingand the part of the law which is my waiting,and the part which is my impatience—now; now?—though there are, there really arethings in the world, you must believe me.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Creativity; Mindfulness Meditations|A thought weaves into another thought, seeking the other. The thought world has its-own Inner Life. A rose acts upon us through its symbolism, through its beauty, through our conscious & sub-conscious mind.Meditating we tap into the thought form of ‘rose adoration’.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|God living in you will mean nothing to you, it might not be of any worth to you until you act on some things.
Diana Lanham, House of Aegea|But destiny is a very peculiar thing, with a complex timing that is impossible to comprehend.
Sherrod Brown|The 9/11 Commission recently released their report, citing important changes which need to be made to improve our nation's homeland security. I voiced my disappointment with the House leadership when this report was left until after the August recess for action.
Karen Shanor, Bats Sing, Mice Giggle: The Surprising Science of Animals' Inner Lives|The faint pink coating the treetops promised rippling buds, a sure sign of spring hastening in, right on schedule, and the animal world getting ready for its fiesta of courting and mating, dueling and dancing, suckling and grubbing, costume-making and shedding-in short, the fuzzy, fizzy hoopla of life's ramshackle return.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|I see this as the central issue of our time: how to find a substitute for war in human ingenuity, imagination, courage, sacrifice, patience...War is not inevitable, however persistent it is, however long a history it has in human affairs. It does not come out of some instinctive human need. It is manufactured by political leaders, who then must make a tremendous effort--by enticement, by propaganda, by coercion--to mobilize a normally reluctant population to go to war.
Jonas Samuelle|When you've already broken the rules of the universe, fear becomes only a feeling of disconnection, distant.
Jose Ortega y Gasset|Whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do it well; whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself completely; in great aims and in small I have always thoroughly been in earnest.
Tim Farrington, The Monk Upstairs: A Novel|The first one to bed always lit the candle, and the last one turned out the lamp....The tradition had seen them through quite a bit by now, and Rebecca had come to love the candlelight, not only because it meant that Mike loved to see her just the way she was, which was incredibly liberating once you began to actually believe it, but also because the light just felt holy to her. It made the end of the day into a kind of prayer, whether they made love or just lay in each other's arms and chewed over the day's portion of craziness; and there was that beautiful little puff of "Amen" when they blew the candle out and settled into sleep.
Daphne du Maurier, The Doll and Other Stories|Like all vain men, he had moments of unreasonable confidence.
Sherry Turkle, Reclaiming Conversation: The Power of Talk in a Digital Age|I call it the Goldilocks effect: We can't get enough of each other we can have each other at a digital distance—not too close, not too far, just right. But human relationships are rich, messy, and demanding. When we clean them up with technology, we move from conversation to the efficiency of mere connection. I fear we forget the difference.
Francis William Aston|Energy was the ruling theme of Victorian science, as machines increasingly harnessed the forces of nature to do man's work. The concept is also present in the art and literature of the age, notably in the poems of William Blake. The Romantic movement was much interested in energy and its various transformations.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|How exactly does ‘morality change in time’?”“Morality is part of man and it evolves over time just like the rest of humanity in accordance with Darwinian theory. If we said earlier that man’s evolution depends on change in the natural environment, now we must include the level of freedom of choice in that environment as a factor for change, for it is on this that the condition of morality depends.The higher the level of freedom of choice in society, the more liberal and humanistic that society’s morality will be.
Willa Strayhorn, The Way We Bared Our Souls|Considering our states of mind just the week before, it was hard to believe that the five of us could all be so free and happy, so uninhibited, and all dancing at once, but I guess when we joined together and finally opened up, we made more than a star: We made music.
Barista Uno, Maritime Double Shots|How can you care about the image of a landscape, when you show by your deeds that you don't care for the landscape itself?
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|By the way, my name's Rose Hathaway. I'm seventeen years old, training to protect and kill vampires, in love with a completely unsuitable guy, and have a best friend whose weird magic could drive her crazy.Hey, no one said high school was easy.
Karl Marlantes|To write a story about New York that only deals with people in your age and socioeconomic bracket, that feels dishonest to me. So much of New York comes from everyone bumping into each other.
Elisabeth Elliot, A Chance to Die: The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael|...Ponnammal set the example for the others by quietly doing what they did not care to do. Her spirit created a new climate in the place, and the time came when there was not one nurse who would refuse to do whatever needed to be done.
Sara Sheridan, British Bulldog|Jack had been the love of her life and he was gone. It seemed now that there had never been bad times, though she knew that wasn’t true. 
Lauren Oliver, Hana|I lead Paco through the house. We pass Shelley in the family room looking at some magazine. "Shelley, this is Paco. He's Alex's friend. Paco, this is my sister, Shelley."At the mention of Alex's name, Shelley gives a happy squeal."Hey, Shelley," Paco says.Shelley smiles wide."Shell-bell, I need you to do me a favor." Shelley bobs her head in response as I whisper, "I need you to keep Mom occupied while I talk to Paco."Shelley grins, and I know my sister will come through for me.
Tamara Agha-Jaffar, Unsung Odysseys|It happened so quickly. One minute I was plucking the flower, and the next I was in his chariot immersed in darkness. I struggled to wrench myself free from his grasp and run away. I twisted as far as I could, hoping to see mother chasing after me. But ahead of me, behind me, on either side of me, everywhere I looked, all I could see was darkness.
Lynn Cullen, Mrs. Poe|We may not have had the same experiences as other parents, but I’m okay with that now.
Nick Nwaogu, Odd Family Out: A Collection of Short Stories|There’s a difference between a miracle, and something impossible. A miracle is not impossible—just merely unlikely.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|A mountain had died, its skeleton had been scattered over the ground. Time had aged the mountain; time had killed the mountain-and here lay the mountain's bones.
Tanmaya Guru|There comes a moment for all of us when our childhood ceases to be an excuse. In your case, I would say that, as with many English, the moment is somewhat delayed.
Dianna Hardy, Broken Lights|He is in love with the land that is always overThe next hill and the next, with the bird that is never,Caught, with the room beyond the looking glass.He likes the half-hid, the half-heard, the half-lit,The man in the fog, the road without an ending …
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|Out of many thousands among men, one may endeavor for perfection, and of those who have achieved perfection, hardly one knows Me in truth.
Michael Grant, Gone|Ser Tomaso,” she said. “It is very likely we will all die.” “Or worse,” said Brown, the first words he’d said in days. Ser Tomaso made a brave face. “Perhaps,” he said. “But we will eat well.
Smack Amusements|The meal she served was unlike any I had encountered in Vienna, or anywhere else: red seaweed garnished with pickled radishes; black rice noodles and spotted mushrooms boiled in wine, grilled squid stuffed with flying fish roe; and yellow cherries sauteed in butter. The hot bread was laced with cinnamon and paprika. The goat cheese was coated with thyme honey.
Marina|Anyone can life to you face, and you would believe them because you trusted them.
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|It was heartfelt, it was heartbreaking. It was extreme joy, it was bone-crushing grief. It was fiery hot, it was icy-cold. It was true love sprouting... it was true love dying.It's like we were both trying to hold onto something that was slipping through our fingers, and we didn't understand why.
Kate Grenville, The Lieutenant|He sat in the chapel for hours picking his way through fugues. A dozen notes, hardly music. But then those few notes spoke to each other, subject and answer, by repetition, by diminution, by augmentation, even looping backwards on themselves in a course like the retrograde motion of Mars. He listened as if he had as many ears as fingertips, and, like a blind man, could feel textures that were barely there. At the end of two or three pages of music he would hear all the voices twining together in a construction of such dizzying power that the walls of the chapel could barely contain it.
Benjamin Spock|I have a great race team, great grew members, awesome health care team, endocrinologist, nutritionist, and of course family and friends. It truly is a team effort, both when you are dealing with diabetes in regular life and also on the racetrack.
|We were all created to be unique, yet very capable of achieving greatness; but only if we don't allow our thoughts and beliefs to stand against us.
Akiroq Brost|Your life is yours, not theirs. Your opinion of yourself, should also be yours, and not theirs. Sometimes, people can be so cruel and heartless. It can be hard to not be affected by it. Sometimes, it can be overwhelming. It can seem like the whole world is against us. In those times, it is crucial to remember that this is our life to live. No one but us can dictate how we should feel about things or even ourselves. Our opinion of ourselves only belongs to us, and no one else. No one can step into your shoes and live your life for you. By the same token, no one can tell you how you should feel. Be kind to yourself, be loving and compassionate. You are the one who is living with you. Work to make the relationship you have with yourself the best you can make it. It takes conscious, active effort, but it's worth it. You're worth it.
Jawaharlal Nehru|These friends - and he laid his hand on some of the books - have been good friends to me, and for some years past, ever since I had the idea of going to London, have given me many, many hours of pleasure. Through them I have come to know your great England; and to know her is to love her. I long to go through the crowded streets of your mighty London, to be in the midst of the whirl and rush of humanity, to share its life, its change, its death, and all that makes it what it is.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|I felt so peaceful and safe because I knew that no matter what happened, from that day on, nothing can ever be that bad..because I had you.
Kazuo Ishiguro|If suffering brings wisdom, I would wish to be less wise.
Marie Curie|I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism. Do you know the rate of military enlistment among Hispanics is higher than any demographic in this country? And they are also hard work and responsibility.
Kailin Gow|Try being an indie author, a minority author, a woman, and a person with health issues in the world of traditional - that's where you are clearly 'different' and marginalized. I am all of that, yet I am still here and smiling. Life is good!
Charles Finch|There are a lot of ways for a novelist to create suspense, but also really only two: one a trick, one an art.The trick is to keep a secret. Or many secrets, even. In Lee Child’s books, Jack Reacher always has a big mystery to crack, but there are a series of smaller mysteries in the meantime, too, a new one appearing as soon as the last is resolved. J. K. Rowling is another master of this technique — Who gave Harry that Firebolt? How is Rita Skeeter getting her info?The art, meanwhile, the thing that makes “Pride and Prejudice” so superbly suspenseful, more suspenseful than the slickest spy novel, is to write stories in which characters must make decisions. “Breaking Bad” kept a few secrets from its audience, but for the most part it was fantastically adept at forcing Walter and Jesse into choice, into action. The same is true of “Freedom,” or “My Brilliant Friend,” or “Anna Karenina,” all novels that are hard to stop reading even when it seems as if it should be easy.
William Todd Schultz, Torment Saint: The Life of Elliott Smith|By now it is a ready-made cliché—the rock star dying young, whether by excess, by accident, or by suicide. For some, it’s part of the act, macabre performance art, a final song. This last mode, suicide, can be elusive. In fact, it almost always is. It might masquerade as excess—reckless, immoderate drug use. There is subintentioned suicide too. The person may simultaneously wish to live and die. No special effort is made to stay alive, but none is made to keep living, either outcome perfectly acceptable.
Arika Wolly, Fractured|I flinched when his hands lifted, although it was more of a reaction to everything that had been happening to me, not necessarily because he was Death. He stilled. “You’re sad,” he said. “Let me help you.” “There isn’t anything you can do.” “I can comfort you.
Secli G|After a bad trip, don't carry your luggage on board the next flight. Stay grounded til you figure out a new way to travel.
Abhijit Naskar|A Muslim who prays five times a day and yet beats his wife at home, is no religious person. A Christian who goes to Church every Sunday, and yet never talks to his or her neighbor with a smile on the face, is no religious person. On the other hand, an outspoken atheist who most lovingly talks and listens to people of all religions without any bigotry or prejudice is a hundred times more religious than all the theoretical preachers of all religions combined.
Stephen King, The Shining|Krissa, tough Lady Krissa, who had stood by impassively while Areau vomited out ten years of bitter addiction, wiped her eyes and offered Areau Mrs. Wrinkle’s pie in comfort, and it suddenly occurred to Areau in the strangest, most dreamlike of ways, that his pain was not the only pain on the planet.
Sunday Adelaja|Borrow a little and if you can't pay it back, it's your problem. Borrow a lot and if you can't pay it back, it's the lenders problem.
Arrow|You have no idea how powerful it can be the truth.""No tienes ni idea de lo poderosa que puede ser la verdad.
Ob Nixilis (Magic: The Gathering|Have you ever seen a world fall to its knees? Watch, and learn.
Cornel West, Race Matters|It’s no disgrace to be black, but it’s often very inconvenient.
Mahatma Gandhi|Champions are made from something they have deep inside of them-a desire, a dream, a vison.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|A man in love is cautious with the decisions he makes, words he says and actions he takes, so he never purposefully causes her pain. He believes in her when she struggles believing in herself. He is her foundation, where she feels safe to be her true self.
Tennessee Williams, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof|Laws of silence don't work....When something is festering in your memory or your imagination, laws of silence don't work, it's just like shutting a door and locking it on a house on fire in hope of forgetting that the house is burning. But not facing a fire doesn't put it out. Silence about a thing just magnifies it. It grows and festers in silence, becomes malignant....
George Carlin|Let a smile be your umbrella, and you'll end up with a face full of rain. 
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|And then she realized that after that Christmas party, she didn't really lose anything, except respect for everyone.
Robert Kodingo|At what point in your life do you say I have had enough... money, food, clothes, these possessions that we keep killing one another for even power and dominance? One advice, look at your age and declare that my age dictates I start doing this thing, I should stop doing this and that, I should say this and not that... in essence grow your brain to reason. Just like that.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Meditation is the best tool for neutralizing the voice in the head. It's a muzzle for the ego. Being mindful is an innate but underused ability we all have, the act of being aware without judging. When you repeatedly go through the cycle of trying to focus on your breath, losing that focus, and noticing and returning to the practice, you are literally building your mindfulness muscle the same way dumbbell curls build your biceps. As this mind-muscle develops, you start being way more aware of thoughts, emotions, and sensations as what they really are: squirts of chemicals & hormones that enter, peak and then fade completely back to the nothingness of which they arose. In other words, mindfulness provides space between impulse and action, so you're not a slave to whatever pops into your head. You are not your thoughts. You are the awareness of them.
James Van Der Beek|My great-grandfather was in the army in India, and we have photographs of my family there in full Victorian dress. They're incredibly romantic.
Geoff Herbach, Stupid Fast|Very soon she'll join all the others who know the secret and will not tell it. Or cannot. Or try and fail because they do not know enough. They can be recognized. White faces, dazed eyes, aimless gestures, high-pitched laughter. The way they walk and talk and scream or try to kill (themselves or you) if you laugh back at them. Yes, they've got to be watched. For the time comes when they try to kill, then disappear. But others are waiting to take their places, it's a long, long line. She's one of them. I too can wait—for the day when she is only a memory to be avoided, locked away, and like all memories a legend. Or a lie ...
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|If you have the woman you love, what more do you need? Well, besides an alibi for the time of her husband’s murder. 
Antonia Perdu|Socrates held up his hands, wiggling his fingers. "God gave me these hands to change the world, one child at a time.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Sometimes, the only things in this world that make sense are the moon, my madness and your hands messing up my hair, while your teeth sink into my soul.
C. JoyBell C.|Sometimes, you may think you have fallen into an abyss...when in fact, you've just descended to the roots...of the tree of life! Somewhere along your climb, you got lost amongst the branches, and lost in the darkness of the branches, the only way to find the straight way up would be to return to the roots! And from there amongst the roots, you will be able to look straight up and see the top again! And begin your ascent!
Fatema Mernissi, Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood|There are many ways to be beautiful. Fighting, swearing, and ignoring tradition could make a women irresistible.
chocolate socrates|A strong woman will automatically stoptrying if she feels unwanted. She won't fix it or beg, she'll just walk away.
Corrie ten Boom|Do you know what hurts so much? It's love. Love is the strongest force in the world, and when it is blocked that means pain. There are two things we can do when that happens. We can kill the love so that it stops hurting. But then of course part of use dies, too. Or, Corrie, we can ask God to open up another route for that love to travel.
Anupam Kher|Give Obama a script he has made his own, and he is the motivational speaker to end all speakers. Tony Robbins cloned with Honest Abe.
Gautama Buddha|Speak the truth do not become angered and give when asked, even be it a little. By these three conditions one goes to the presence of the gods.
Mary Oliver|Friends have suggested that I am the least qualified person to talk about happiness, because I am often down, and sometimes profoundly depressed. But I think that's where my qualification comes from. Because to know happiness, it helps to know unhappiness.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Entrepreneur starts with an exaggeration, converts to a dream and then ends it with a vision!
Simon Mainwaring|To work without attachment is to work without the expectation of reward or fear of any punishment in this world or the next. Work so done is a means to the end, and God is the end.
Margaret Lazarus Dean, Leaving Orbit: Notes from the Last Days of American Spaceflight|...to this day there is something illusionistic and illusory about the relationship of time and space as we experience it in traveling, which is why whenever we come home from elsewhere we never feel quite sure if we have really been abroad.
Marc Garneau|We humans are an extremely important manifestation of the replication bomb, because it is through us - through our brains, our symbolic culture and our technology - that the explosion may proceed to the next stage and reverberate through deep space.
Pravinee Hurbungs|From what I’d witnessed, honesty didn’t really make anyone happy. The truth was a punch to the gut, and while you were falling, a knee to the face, then you could lie on the floor and bleed for a spell.
Jonathan Turley|Embryonic stem cell research is legal in America, and nothing in the administration's current policy affects that legality; 400 lines are currently being used to conduct embryonic stem cell research, both in the private sector and by the Federal Government.
Anita Shreve, Sea Glass|He loved his job. What was advertising, anyway, but a knowledge of people and of which buttons to push to nudge them into opening their wallets?It was, he often though, an accepted, creative, even expected twist on picking those wallets. For a man who had spent the first half of his life as a thief, it was the perfect career.
S. Kelley Harrell, Gift of the Dreamtime - Reader's Companion|Walking a short way back along the embankment, almost to where the cross stood, Smiley took another look at the bridge, as if to establish whether anything had changed, but clearly it had not, and though the wind appeared a little stronger, the snow was still swirling in all directions.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sin is often, if not always, the perversion of something good. In the midst of all our sinning, though, God is willing to forgive us, change us,and give us a new power to overcome that sin.
M.F. Moonzajer|Islam might not be a challenge for our survival, but when it comes from the Saudis, it really is a concerning problem for the world peace and prosperity.
Benito Mussolini|If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.
Robert Burns, Collected Poems of Robert Burns|But deep this truth impress'd my mind: Thro' all His works abroad,The heart benevolent and kindThe most resembles God.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The Enlightenment, finally, invented progressive 'history' as an inner-worldly purgatory in order to develop the conditions of possibility of a perfected 'society'. This provided the required setting for the aggressive social theology of the Modern Age to drive out the political theology of the imperial eras. What was the Enlightenment in its deep structure if not an attempt to translate the ancient rhyme on learning and suffering - mathein pathein - into a collective and species-wide phenomenon? Was its aim not to persuade the many to expose themselves to transitional ordeals that would precede the great optimization of all things?
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|Even logic and conversation are really just forms of trading, and as in all things, humans will always try to seek their own best advantage, to seek the greatest profit they can from the exchange.
Harlan Coben|Talking about food is like talking about your dreams. Everyone has something to say. We all have to eat, it's just what we eat which differs. Some people eat for fuel and I feel bad for them.
Deyth Banger|TV stars are cool. Even if their characters are less than admirable, they come across as somehow sympathetic, maybe even neighborly. They are, after all, people you invite into your home every week. If you don't like them, you won't watch them.Movie stars, by contrast, are hot. They have to blaze so fiercely that they fill a screen forty feet high and demand the attention of a crowded theater.That's why very few TV stars have graduated successfully to features. It requires not only different skills but a different personality. You have to go from amiable to commanding.Likewise, some movie stars are simply too big for television. Jack Nicholson is riveting on-screen, but you wouldn't want him in your living room week after week. The television simply couldn't contain his personality.
Miranda Hart|We have been blessed with a healthy, growing economy, with more Americans going back to work, and with our Nation acting as a positive force for good in the world.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas|I believe that life should be lived so vividly and so intensely that thoughts of another life, or of a longer life, are not necessary.
Abigail Haas, Dangerous Girls|After so many years drifting, not connected to anything, I'm finally tethered. Safe and loved, in the middle.We start senior year like kings, like nothing can ever tear us apart.We're wrong.
John  Dye|Love and Trust God, It's a life time commitment!!!
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|You tell me that yes, I can do it. I know. And I may do it, if I so choose.You tell me that no, I cannot. I say, Oh? I shall do it, since you refuse!
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Look on the bright side," said Simon, "If they need a human sacrifice, you can always offer me. I'm not sure the rest of you qualify anyway.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|We cannot decide to love. We cannot compel anyone to love us. There's no secret recipe, only love itself. And we are at its mercy--there's nothing we can do.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|Traditionally men have created a deep split between the inner and outer world, between body and soul, between the material and spiritual world, between love and money and between male and female qualities. The inner man and woman are related to money, creativity and financial abundance. Through investigating the roots of the inner man and woman, we can find the creative potential of both the inner man and woman. Sometimes can either the inner man or woman also provide financial support for both sides, while the other side has the idea that it cannot support itself financially.
A.W. Tozer, The Attributes of God: A Journey Into the Father's Heart|Creation is messy. You want genius, you get madness; two sides of the same coin.
Anthony Thwaite|THE BARROW In this high field strewn with stones I walk by a green mound, Its edges sheared by the plough. Crumbs of animal bone Lie smashed and scattered round Under the clover leaves And slivers of flint seem to grow Like white leaves among green. In the wind, the chestnut heaves Where a man's grave has been. Whatever the barrow held Once, has been taken away: A hollow of nettles and dock Lies at the centre, filled With rain from a sky so grey It reflects nothing at all. I poke in the crumbled rock For something they left behind But after that funeral There is nothing at all to find. On the map in front of me The gothic letters pick out Dozens of tombs like this, Breached, plundered, left empty, No fragments littered about Of a dead and buried race In the margins of histories. No fragments: these splintered bones Construct no human face, These stones are simply stones. In museums their urns lie Behind glass, and their shaped flints Are labelled like butterflies. All that they did was die, And all that has happened since Means nothing to this place.Above long clouds, the skiesTurn to a brilliant redAnd show in the water's faceOne living, and not these dead." — Anthony Thwaite, from The Owl In The Tree
Elaine Breault|There Are No Coincidences, Only Reasons Why and Timing is Key! That is My Life Quote and made up and used by me specifically, everyday because I not only believe it but live it every single day.
Michael Chabon|I have come to see this fear, this sense of my own imperilment by my creations, as not only an inevitable, necessary part of writing fiction but as virtual guarantor, insofar as such a thing is possible, of the power of my work: as a sign that I am on the right track, that I am following the recipe correctly, speaking the proper spells. Literature, like magic, has always been about the handling of secrets, about the pain, the destruction and the marvelous liberation that can result when they are revealed. Telling the truth, when the truth matters most, is almost always a frightening prospect. If a writer doesn’t give away secrets, his own or those of the people he loves; if she doesn’t court disapproval, reproach and general wrath, whether of friends, family, or party apparatchiks; if the writer submits his work to an internal censor long before anyone else can get their hands on it, the result is pallid, inanimate, a lump of earth. The adept handles the rich material, the rank river clay, and diligently intones his alphabetical spells, knowing full well the history of golems: how they break free of their creators, grow to unmanageable size and power, refuse to be controlled. In the same way, the writer shapes his story, flecked like river clay with the grit of experience and rank with the smell of human life, heedless of the danger to himself, eager to show his powers, to celebrate his mastery, to bring into being a little world that, like God’s, is at once terribly imperfect and filled with astonishing life.Originally published in The Washington Post Book World
John Cage, Silence: Lectures and Writings|I believe that our ability to worship God, to reaffirm our covenants and receive the healing power of the Holy Ghost, to receive the instruction we need in order to make personal progress - all of these things are greatly affected by how secure and safe we feel in our Church environment during the three-hour block of time on Sundays. If we have to spend our energy dealing with feelings that we are not accepted, being concerned about our appearance, or worrying that what we do or say will be judged harshly, in other words that the fellowship of our ward members is anything but "fixed, immovable, and unchangeable", we certainly won't be able to make the kind of progress we could make otherwise.
Lynn Povich, The Good Girls Revolt: How the Women of Newsweek Sued their Bosses and Changed the Workplace|In early 1970, Newsweek's editors decided that the new women's liberation movement deserved a cover story. There was one problem, however: there were no women to write the piece.
Janet Jackson|I'm always sad to see a relationship not work, but what happens between two people is not my business.
Aditya Ajmera|Don't push, don't resist. Let it happen. Nature will align everything.
Vicki Lawrence|It's an amusing idea to some, this feminism thing - this audacious notion that women should be able to move through the world as freely, and enjoy the same inalienable rights and bodily autonomy, as men. At least, that's the impression given when feminism and feminists are all too often the targets of lazy humor.
Avijeet Das|She texted me 'I love you.'I texted back 'I love you too.'She then texted me 'I love you more.'And I smiled reading her message and texted in reply 'No, I love you more.'Then she texted me 'I love you infinity power infinity power infinity into infinity.'I had no words to reply and smiled looking at her text!
Robert Louis Stevenson|My marriage to my husband, Bart Conner in 1996 is my proudest personal moment.
Michael Hubbard MacKay|Detective-story writers give this thrill by exploiting the resources of the possible; however improbable the happenings in a detective story, they can and must be explained in terms that satisfy the reason. But in a ghost story, where natural laws are dispensed with, the whole point is that the happenings cannot be so explained. A ghost story that is capable of a rational explanation is as much an anomaly as a detective story that isn’t. The one is in revolt against a materialistic conception of the universe, whereas the other depends on it.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|The rhythm of the heart...beats twice. Thump, thump. Once, first for itself and then once again for the rest of the body. It's a true metaphor for us. Like the heart we must pump life giving love and care for ourselves first, before extending that gift out to others. The heartbeat of every worthwhile relationship begins with a healthy, humble understanding and appreciation of our own personal self worth. When we do this the power to truly love and appreciate others pulsates fluidly and freely into all those we warmly choose to share our lives with.
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|Every king springs from a race of slaves, and every slave had kings among his ancestors.
Anthony Doerr, Memory Wall|Memory builds itself without any clean or objective logic: a dot here, another dot here, and plenty of dark spaces in between. What we know is always evolving, always subdividing. Remember a memory often enough and you can create a new memory, the memory of remembering.
Deyth Banger|You don't want to change, you just say "No" and again "No" and you continue to watch stuff which you know... then you ask why this guy is clever and you say that you are stupid. You aren't stupid, you made yourself stupid nothing else has made you stupid. The path was choosen by somebody or you and you just accepted it without to change it!
Nalini Singh, Bonds of Justice|Take care of my heart won't you, Sophie? It's a little odd having it outside my body-but I'm planning to steal yours to make up for it.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|The Shroud was old, and regarded as special, and people believed in it. That could be enough to give it a kind of power, all by itself.
Roman Payne|Apollinaire said a poet should be 'of his time.' I say objects of the Digital Age belong in newspapers, not literature. When I read a novel, I don’t want credit cards; I want cash in ducats and gold doubloons.
Daniel Morgan|In Lebanon, there are completely different opinions and values in one country in terms of religion, modernity, tradition, East and West - which allows for a kind of intellectual development not available anywhere else.
Jean-Paul Sartre|Be self-indulgent, and those who are also self-indulgent will like you. Tear your neighbor to pieces, and the other neighbors will laugh. But if you beat your soul, all souls will cry out.
Arlaina Tibensky|Books and movies, they are not mere entertainment. They sustain me and help me cope with my real life.
Steven Magee|You have the right to free speech. We, the corporate controlled government, have the right to ignore you and we choose to exercise this right.
Dr. MaryAnn Diorio|He who thinks he knows it all knows very little." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What is the most difficult word for young people to pronounce? It’s the word no. When we say no [to what is against God], He will help us to stand by it. He will give us courage.
Catullus, The Complete Poems|It's true though: time moves in its own special way in the middle of the night," the bartender says, loudly striking a book match and lighting a cigarette. "You can't fight it.
Anne Hathaway|The enemies of acting are mood and attitude and other general homogenized disruptive entities. Whereas acting is about action - doing - and unless you can figure out a way to craft in an imaginative reality to which you don't submit, you're going to be out of control. You'll flip out. The job is to be surprised.
Colleen Houck|He sighed and bowed deeply. “Sundari. I was standing here thinking nothing could be more beautiful than this sunset tonight, but I was mistaken. You standing here in the setting sun with your hair and skin aglow is almost more than a man can…fully appreciate.
Kiran Desai, The Inheritance of Loss|Don't die on me," she whispered when the clock struck midnight and he still had not moved. "It's only a little shoulder wound. Goddess, George-don't die on me."His eyes flickered open and he smiled. "I didn't know you cared," he whispered. "And why insult me? I won't die for a wee nick like this; I've had worse in my day."Alanna wiped her wet cheeks. "Of course I care, you unprincipled pickpocket!" she whispered. "Of course I care.
Jessica Brody, The Karma Club|Revenge, the sweetest morsel to the mouth that ever was cooked in hell.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Once again I am being held hostage for my vagina," She sighs. "What is it with you aliens? Can't a girl just make her own decisions for once? Is that so freaking hard?" "The khui has decided," I tell her. She gives a small shake of her head. "It's always someone else's decision. When's it going to be mine?" I watch her, frustrated. There is no decision to be made. The khui has decided. And yet... I don't like the way her words make me feel. Or the defeat in her voice. Liz is a fighter. I don't want her to give up.
Sambhav Ratnakar, The Covert Perspective|Happiness and Unhappiness are not things that just happen to you, they are a choice. They are a perspective. Smile, and think about that for a moment. Now smile some more. Not that hard is it?
Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in this One|i used to thinki was brokenbecausei never oncespent mydaydreamsplucking swollen pomegranatesfrom someone else's tree.- then i learned that society is broken, not me.
J. Courtney Sullivan, Commencement|The girls said she was too cynical about love, but how could you not be? On the surface, relations between men and women were all soft kisses and white gowns and hand-holding. But underneath they were a scary, complicated, ugly mess, just waiting to rise to the surface.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Have faith that your child's brain is an evolving planet that rotates at its own speed. It will naturally be attracted to or repel certain subjects. Be patient. Just as there are ugly ducklings that turn into beautiful swans, there are rebellious kids and slow learners that turn into serious innovators and hardcore intellectuals.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|In my mind, I'm probably the biggest sex maniac you ever saw.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|My luck's no greater than yours or any man's. You need only sharpen your eyes to see your luck when it comes, and sharpen your wits to use what falls into your hands.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Pride is no respecter of persons. The serious thinkers may be humble, and the careless mystics may be arrogant.
Joseph Delaney, The Spook's Blood|We three alone have the speed, skill and power to do what must be done', said Grimalkin. 'You have the Destiny Blade and Bone Cutter — in addition to the talents inherited from your mother. Alice wields powerful magic, and I am Grimalkin.
Gift Gugu Mona|When people don't understand the meaning of freedom in their lives, they will continue to live as if they're still oppressed.
Jennifer Aniston|People think they have a perfect idea of who you are from a four-second Snapchat video... and fake blogs, stories, magazine covers. In reality, that's not the case. Nobody knows who I am except family and my close friends.
John Sandford, Secret Prey|There were no state regulations about hairstyles or clothes. It was what everyone else was wearing that determined the rules of the day. And because the range was so narrow, people were always looking out for the tiniest variations. It was a real test of ingenuity to look different and attractive, and yet similar enough to everyone else so that nobody with an accusing finger could pinpoint what exactly was heretical.
Virginia Woolf, A Writer's Diary|It was an unfamiliar feeling, waking up with a place to go, a place I was actually beginning to comprehend and face without a sense of terror.More than that, I was even questioning the assumption that I was, in my bones, a scared and anxious and miserable person. It felt like the days were almost supernaturally good, that I could wake up without the usual wave of terror, that the days were admixed with some foreign substance dripping into them, some animating essence, like the dragonborn races of Endoria, dragonborn days. I felt like I'd stumbled on one of the open secrets of the world. Why hadn't I realized before that being a grown-up could be anything you wanted it to be?
Donald G. Firesmith, Demons on the Dalton|He leaned towards me, and I did what any reasonable person would do when facing imminent death by being eaten alive. I screamed.
Rupert Friend|To bolster his right flank and attract women voters, John McCain had cynically opted for a running mate who was, by any stretch of the imagination, unqualified for a position a heartbeat away from the presidency.
Dale Archer|How to gain, how to keep, how to recover happiness is in fact for most men at all times the secret motive of all they do, and of all they are willing to endure.
John Galsworthy|Genuine good taste consists in saying much in few words, in choosing among our thoughts, in having order and arrangement in what we say, and in speaking with composure.
Anthony Storr, Solitude: A Return to the Self|It is widely believed that interpersonal relationships of an intimate kind are the chief, if not the only, source of human happiness. Yet the lives of creative individuals often seem to run counter to this assumption.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Hate isn’t the opposite of love, apathy is. Hating doesn’t free you from feeling anything. You have to carry it around, using every scar, every little memory like a building block. Like a stone in a wall, until you’ve created a new person, a new life that you can live with.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|It might have been done before, but it hasn’t been done by you!
Jacques Ellul|On the rare occasions on which a movie was shown, there was as much suspense in the audience over whether the electricity would hold out to the end of the film as there was in the film itself.
Dahlia L. Summers, The Wish|If Emrys was acting normally, like the typical self-gratifying narcissist he was, then it would have been easier to keep him in that special category of potential enemy.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I huddle in the dark with a mass of burnt matches strewn at my feet. And yet, for all of those matches I’ve not been able to light a single candle. And huddled in such deep darkness, I’ve somehow yet to realize that Christmas made both matches and candles forever obsolete.
Chris Dee, Cat-Tales Book 1|People who live in the night are acquainted with all kinds of quiet. There’s quiet enough to hear the distant traffic. Quiet enough to hear your breathing. Quiet enough to hear a lover’s heartbeat. There’s please-god-don’t-let-me-die quiet, and can’t-remember-her-name quiet. Is-he-lying quiet and can’t-make-rent quiet. There’s the quiet that inspires poets, and quiet that torments the lonely.
Daaji|NASA are idiots. They want to send canned primates to Mars!" Manfred swallows a mouthful of beer, aggressively plonks his glass on the table: "Mars is just dumb mass at the bottom of a gravity well; there isn't even a biosphere there. They should be working on uploading and solving the nanoassembly conformational problem instead. Then we could turn all the available dumb matter into computronium and use it for processing our thoughts. Long-term, it's the only way to go. The solar system is a dead loss right now – dumb all over! Just measure the MIPS per milligram. If it isn't thinking, it isn't working. We need to start with the low-mass bodies, reconfigure them for our own use. Dismantle the moon! Dismantle Mars! Build masses of free-flying nanocomputing processor nodes exchanging data via laser link, each layer running off the waste heat of the next one in. Matrioshka brains, Russian doll Dyson spheres the size of solar systems. Teach dumb matter to do the Turing boogie!
Cath Crowley, Words in Deep Blue|But I love you, and before you say it words do matter. They're not pointless. If they were pointless then they couldn't start revolutions and they wouldn't change history and they wouldn't be the things that you think about every night before you go to sleep. If they were just words we wouldn't listen to songs, we wouldn't beg to be read to when we're kids. If they were just words, then they'd have no meaning and stories wouldn't have been around since before humans could write. We wouldn't have learned to write. If they were just words then people wouldn't fall in love because of them, feel bad because of them, ache because of them, stop aching because of them, have sex, quite a lot of the time, because of them.
Stella Payton|I think the reason I choose the comic approach so often is because it's harder, therefore affording me the opportunity to show off.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|When your mother is made out of your dreams, anything real is bound to disappoint you.
Adam Carolla|When you found a company, you have the original vision, you make all the original decisions, you know every employee, you kind of know every aspect of the product architecture and its limitations.
Clive Barker, The Scarlet Gospels|They say revenge is a dish best served cold. This isn’t correct. Revenge is a dish best served lukewarm or at room temperature (depending on the room) with a side of sauerkraut lightly sprinkled with pepper, a generous helping of golden brown roasted potatoes, and a large loaf of marble rye, washed down with any kind of unfiltered wheat beer.But whatever you do—and remember this, as it can be a matter of life or death—don’t put any sort of fruit in the beer. Fruit doesn’t belong in beer.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|to have to combat one’s instincts—that is the formula for decadence: as long as life is ascending, happiness and instinct are one.
Michael Morpurgo|I love you, Julie. I loved you that first moment when I looked across the restauraunt and found you. Then you were the loveliest thing I'd ever seen; but now I've discovered how much more you are; loyal and courageous and as true as steel. There's laughter in you and a capacity to love. Julie, Julie, could you learn to love me?
Kyuugou, ACID TOWN|The men and women who continue to hold Lynn's mind hostage against her will believe the future will be tilled with terrorism, death, destruction and a challenge to the survival of America. They believe Lynn and the other lab rats must still respond to their programming for they are the second line of defence against enemies from within and without and the first line of offence in a catastrophe which would require the recreation of America's constitutional government. They are still intent on preparing Lynn for the day when she will he necessary for battle. One summer day, all these dark realisations came flooding upon Lynn and she knew if she was ever to free herself, she needed to get immediate help.
Ariel Sabar, My Father's Paradise: A Son's Search for His Jewish Past in Kurdish Iraq|Simplicity may be simple, but like complexity it requires linguistic precision, and may therefore call for relatively obscure expressions at times.
Sophia Loren|Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow.
Mark Helprin, A Soldier of the Great War|As long as you have life and breath, believe. Believe for those who cannot. Believe even if you have stopped believing. Believe for the sake of the dead, for love, to keep your heart beating, believe. Never give up, never despair, let no mystery confound you into the conclusion that mystery cannot be yours.
James Vescovi, Eat Now; Talk Later: 52 True Tales of Family, Feasting, and the American Dream|She had privacy, and the privilege of walking up and down the same battlements as the sentries.
Michele Bardsley, Don't Talk Back To Your Vampire|True love doesn't grow on you, feed on you, drain you and spoil your heart. It nourishes, waters the soul and intensifies in absenses long and short.
stephanie   roberts|I remember being a teenager and being ashamed of my musical tastes, at least some of them. My Brian Wilson and Beach Boys fandom, which is as important to me as anything else, was almost like a porn stash. Hide that shit, someone's coming! You couldn't look like me and be black in West Philadelphia and love the Beach Boys the way I did.
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|…I'm always ready to talk, shouldn't be a woman if I were not,' laughed Mrs. Jo…
Janne Teller, Nothing|To combat death you don't need much of a life, just one that isn't yet finished.
Saru Singhal|Fairy tales are make believe and reality sucks, but I happen to live in both worlds.
Craig  Stone, Deep In The Bin Of Bob|You are put in school to be trained to become exactly what they want you to be: not them, anything but them. They live on a golden island and have the key to the only bridge. Your parents are not millionaires, so it doesn't matter how intelligent you are, you aren't invited to their party. That’s the great shame. The idiots have the gold, and the poor die to give it to them. So you better start to laugh, because this world is one big joke written by the few, at the expense of the masses. Look around you, that feeling your life isn't going anywhere? That’s the feeling that makes you part of the masses.
Thornton Wilder|Hard-work, perseverance and sacrifices will guide you to success.Being reckless, lazy and wayward will drag you to the pit.
Tariq Ramadan|History is replete with ideologies of freedom, justice, liberation of the downtrodden and the exploited, that have been turned against the very people they had mobilised, or that have reproduced the same logic of exclusion and terror toward those whom they claimed to set free.
Khali Raymond|In life, you got two objectives. Make money and make a change.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|Look at these magnificent women, I thought, created in such misogynistic and hierarchical societies, yet they are the subversive centers around which the plot is shaped. Everything is supposed to revolve around the male hero. But it is the active presence of these women that changes events and diverts the man's life from its traditional course, that shocks him into changing his very mode of existence. In the classical Iranian narrative, active women dominate the scene; they make things happen.
Lewis Carroll, Sylvie and Bruno|Come, my child," I said, trying to lead her away. "Wish good-bye to the poor hare, and come and look for blackberries.""Good-bye, poor hare!" Sylvie obediently repeated, looking over her shoulder at it as we turned away. And then, all in a moment, her self-command gave way. Pulling her hand out of mine, she ran back to where the dead hare was lying, and flung herself down at its side in such an agony of grief as I could hardly have believed possible in so young a child."Oh, my darling, my darling!" she moaned, over and over again. "And God meant your life to be so beautiful!
Thomas Hardy|My weakness has always been to prefer the large intention of an unskilful artist to the trivial intention of an accomplished one: in other words, I am more interested in the high ideas of a feeble executant than in the high execution of a feeble thinker.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|As to having a preference, that was new too. You take what you're given and you're grateful for it. Once that message is well and truly ingrained in you, it feels like vainglory to imagine one's own likes and dislikes could matter to other people.
Owen    Jones, Chavs: The Demonization of the Working Class|Taken together, New Labour policies have helped to build a series of overlapping chav caricatures: the feckless, the non-aspirational, the scrounger, the dysfunctional and the disorderly. To hear this sort of rhetoric from Labour, rather than the Tories, has confirmed the stereotypes and prejudices many middle-class people have about working-class communities and individuals. But it can be far subtler than outright attacks. Many of New Labour's underlying philosophies were steeped in middle-class triumphalism. They were based on the assumption that the tattered remnants of the working-class were are on the wrong side of history - and must be made to join 'Middle England' like the rest of us.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|Fill this city of mine with people as,You filled the river with fishes O Lord.
Yuna|Radicals must be resilient, adaptable to shifting political circumstances, and sensitive enough to the process of action and reaction to avoid being trapped by their own tactics and forced to travel a road not of their choosing. In short, radicals must have a degree of control over the flow of events.
Sunday Adelaja|When there is Personal and Collective Responsibility in a society, the government cannot but be responsible. That is why it is obvious that a nation deserves the leaders they get, because the nation produces the leader. The leaders are simply a reflection of the values of the society or lack of them.
Jacky Fleming, The Trouble With Women|A genius is no more—and no less—than someone who insists on the truth, while others face the other way.
Adriana Locke, Written in the Scars|If you take you away from me, you take everything.
Ameya Agrawal|Success, It makes you beautiful
Charles Bukowski, Women|I liked to fuck too, but it wasn't my religion. There were too many ridiculous and tragic things about it. People didn't seem to know how to handle it. So they made a toy out of it. A toy that destroyed people.
William Moseley|We were never the family that ordered pizza, and my mom never came home with a bucket of fried chicken. My mom always made home-cooked meals. We always sat down at the dinner table as a family.
Walt Disney Company|No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish will come true.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|Love is the gift. You cannot go and look for the gift by yourself. That action is contrary to the definition of the word gift. Therefore, single ladies should wait to be chosen and to receive love as a gift.
Jennifer Shong|I'm not a vegetarian because I love animals... I'm a vegetarian because I hate plants".
Chidi Prosper Agbugba|There's nothing like PEACE. It's neglected by many but the surest way to greatness. It gives you the consciousness to move about without fear, peace is seen as a panacea for economic growth and human capital development of any society. Fighting your colleague in the office or school is not gonna make you have an edge but it's certainly will limit you. You cannot be trusted if you're not a peace loving person. No wonder, people distance themselves from you because of your anti-peace attitude. If you end up crucifying someone, what's gonna be your gain? why not extend hand of fellowship and dialogue it out. Violence isn't gonna help any situation!Peace is everything for a prosperous living. I envisage a future where people will preach peace, act peace and live peacefully.#LetsDialogue #PeaceAdvocate #PositiveImpact
Wilbur Smith|Grant made the perfect candidate, a war hero with indistinct views on most political issues.
Buffalo Bill|We are the nation the most powerful, the most armed and we are supplying arms and money to the rest of the world where we are not ourselves fighting. We are eating while there is famine in the world.
George MacDonald|I do not write for children, but for the childlike, whether of five, or fifty, or seventy-five.
Abigail Tarttelin, Golden Boy|Someone dehumanises you by violating your child and every human thought you had for them is broken, undermined, then gone.
Linus Torvalds|The stereotypes of feminists as ugly, or man-haters, or hairy, or whatever it is - that's really strategic. That's a really smart way to keep young women away from feminism, is to kind of put out this idea that all feminists hate men, or all feminists are ugly; and that they really come from a place of fear.
Clayton M. Christensen|If present rates of improvement continue, however, we would expect the cruising range of electric cars, for example, to intersect with the average range demanded in the mainstream market by 2015, and electric vechicle acceleration to intersect with mainstream demands by 2020.
Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible|If I looked like him,” Tara said. “I’d want to have sex with myself. All the time.
Jules Verne, A Journey to the Center of the Earth|[we see that] science is eminently perfectible, and that each theory has constantly to give way to a fresh one.
Robert Ferrigno, Heart of the Assassin|Studying history is for tourists - polite, tidy people with clean desks and clean consciences. Making history is for people willing to get their hands dirty, to make mistake and lie when necessary, so that someday historians can sit quietly at their desks and act shocked.
Michael D. Higgins|What really interests me is how a woman who has had a bad experience with a man comes through it and gets a new life. I feel you have to be positive. You have to say, 'Look, okay, he's ditched you, but there's life after.'
Bluenscottish|Those who have little in the way of character do all they can to blend into crowds, as those with Integrity stand alone in Success
Illeana Douglas|I did my first nude scene--and my second and third--maybe my fourth all in one movie, thanks to Allison. Allison made me feel like I was a beautiful woman when I did those love scenes. When a man makes you feel beautiful, that's one thing. But when a woman makes you feel beautiful, she's talking about your insides, too.
Edward Snowden|Liberty is too precious to be buried in books. Men should hold it up in front of them every single day of their lives and say, 'I'm free'.
Debasish Mridha|To be wise, know yourself.
Akshay Vasu|Even after you leave someone, or they leave you and you start your life all over again, pretending that you have moved on. There is always a piece of you that you have left behind with them. You can never get that back, even years together after you said you moved on. The moment you see them you are going to remember the first time you spoke, the first time you walked together. The way each other's fingers touched accidentally for the first time and the way you felt inside their arms. Each and every moment that made you weak. That is what the piece you had left behind of them is capable of doing to you.
Jack Ma|Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What is the world’s problem? The world is still believing the old childish stories! That is the problem! Grow up, world, grow up! Be a bit serious!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Rather than always impose your will,allow men to learn from their mistakes.Great failures make great teachers;success enables one to forget some thingsa failure cannot afford to.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Adjunct teachers are the professorial equivalent of the migrant Mexican farm laborers hired during harvest. If you can get a good contract at the same farm every year, where the farmer pays you on time and doesn't cheat or abuse you, then it's in your best interest to show up consistently from year to year.
Boethius - Queen Elizabeth I translation|When the Devil goeth about like a roaring lion, he goeth about in a shape by which few but savages and hunters are attracted. But, when he is trimmed, smoothed, and varnished, according to the mode: when he is aweary of vice, and aweary of virtue, used up as to brimstone, and used up as to bliss; then, whether he take to the serving out of red tape, or to the kindling of red fire, he is the very Devil.
Stephanie Lahart|Never stop pushing for what you want! If something is truly important to you, stay diligent and find a way. Depending on whom you ask, the answer may be different. Never settle for the first answer! Do your own research, ask different people, go above other people’s head if you have to. Sometimes it’s necessary to push the envelope. Some people will purposely give you the wrong answer to try to stop you and/or hold you back. This, unfortunately, is a reality. Some people’s intentions are all wrong. Be mindful that not everyone will have your best interest at heart.
Mary Oliver, Long Life: Essays and Other Writings|If home isn't a place, what is it?''A feeling.
Philip   Dodd, Angel War|You should never be afraid to give yourself a chance to be everything you are capable of being. If you think you’re not good enough, you’ll surprise yourself if you keep trying. No one can ever tell you you’re doing it wrong. Everyone has their own dreams, their own struggles and a different path that makes sense for them. Remember, it’s always better to be at the bottom of the mountain you want to climb than the top of the one you don’t.
Jen Naumann, Cheating Death|All my life I thought love was supposed to be this amazing, wonderful feeling. I thought it was supposed to heal all wounds and conquer all. No one ever told me that it can leave a giant hole in your heart. No one ever mentioned that it could steal all the life away from you.
Ramsey Campbell, Holes for Faces|It isn't fair, it isn't right," Mrs. Hutchinson screamed, and then they were upon her.
Kels Adeline Sapp|My heart leaves, hitchhikes right out of my body, heads north, catches a ferry across the Bering Sea and plants itself in Siberia with the polar bears and ibex and long-horned goats until it turns into a teeny-tiny glacier. Because I imagined it.
Auliq Ice|Getting out of a marriage is rough, though, and not just for the legal / financial complications or the massive lifestyle upheaval. (As my friend Deborah once advised me wisely: "Nobody ever died from splitting up furniture.") It's the emotional recoil that kills you, the shock of stepping off the track of a conventional lifestyle and losing all the embracing comforts that keep so many people on that track forever.
Philip Roth|I’m an observer. I am fascinated by people and how their minds work (and, of course, my own). Why we are the way we are, why we do the things we do – and that interest drives my writing. I was a physicist before fiction claimed my soul, so I’m an experimenter. I’m open to different ways of thinking. I like exaggerating, making things up. I’m a very open, honest person in life and that’s the way it should be, but when it comes to fiction, I want to pour a few sharp objects into the comfort zone. Our fears are powerful, yet we’ve all got a desire to laugh and be entertained. I could have followed the same path I do now as a scientist, examining how the brain works. Ironically I get much more freedom to experiment as a writer. That’s why I love it.
Ankita Singhal|Life is like coffee, the darker it gets, the more it energizes.
Allan Bloom, The Closing of the American Mind|The real community of man, in the midst of all the self-contradictory simulacra of community, is the community of those who seek the truth, of the potential knowers...of all men to the extent they desire to know. But in fact, this includes only a few, the true friends, as Plato was to Aristotle at the very moment they were disagreeing about the nature of the good...They were absolutely one soul as they looked at the problem. This, according to Plato, is the only real friendship, the only real common good. It is here that the contact people so desperately seek is to be found...This is the meaning of the riddle of the improbable philosopher-kings. They have a true community that is exemplary for all other communities.
aMessageOfLove|Be a survivor of the past, not a reviver of it. Your attention to that painful past either by resisting it or by consistently focusing upon it will continue to persist it. The present will continue to be powered by, and become a product of that painful past, Until you begin to acknowledge, allow and accept the past, it will continue to become your future. ( Instagram: #aMessageOfLove )
Julie Eshbaugh, Ivory and Bone|Avery doesn’t know what these people are talking about, and since he’s driving, he can’t go online to check. The sensation he has is a strange, difficult one. He knows these people aren’t talking about him. But at the same time they are talking about him, in their blanket dismissal. And they’re also talking about us. Because so many of them are our age or older, stuck in previous decades of thought. The gays of today, the gays of yesterday—we’re all the same bother, all the same wrong. Not people, really. Just something to yell about.
Rebecca Harris - Be The Death of Me|Still there are some, braver and more valiant than their peers, who face their demons head on, staring defiantly into the shadows, demanding forgiveness.
Roger Housden, Ten Poems to Open Your Heart|Love, like everything else, exists in a spectrum. Love of another, love of the world, love of God, all these loves are really one love in different degrees of light and density.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Secrets of a Noble Key Keeper|I squinted at the western sky behind Thaddeus, a blood-red smear melting into blackness. Twisting my neck, I glanced the opposite direction. My teeth clenched at a magnified, round moon nearly as scarlet as the portending sunset, its luminous face half masked by hazy cloud cover. Hatred, vengeance, anger……such emotions coursed through my veins in a poisonous concoction that muddied my mind, impelling me to grip my sword tighter and fight with every ounce of strength I possessed against those who threatened my family - my kind. Currently, Thaddeus was behaving as such a threat, using his powers of persuasion to condone human sacrifice for some outrageously perceived good. He wanted an offering for the monsters; a desperate, futile offering of human flesh that would in no way protect the other villagers from being mauled as he promised.
Baltasar Gracián, The Art of Worldly Wisdom|Marry on Monday for health, Tuesday for wealth,Wednesday the best day of all,Thursday for crosses,Friday for losses, and Saturday for no luck at all.
Serge Schmemann|'Mosaic' is about what we see and what we don't see. I learned how people can develop other senses to compensate for a missing one when I was a child. My best friend, Carol, who is profoundly deaf, saved me from an approaching car that she 'heard' when I didn't.
Rachel Sontag, House Rules|I was lonely. I felt it deeply and permanently, that this state of being on my own might never disappear. But I welcomed the lonliness, which had everything to do with being anonymous. It's never lonliness that nibbles away at a person's insides, but not having room inside themselves to be comfortably alone.
Dean Koonz, Dean Koontz 3 Books Collection Set|Some presters might tell you never to question, but that is tantamount to telling you not to think. Odun created us to explore, to experience. There is no harm in asking questions…
Gail Carson Levine, Ever|Who is to say that prayers have any effect? On the other hand, who is to say they don't? I picture the gods, diddling around on Olympus, wallowing in the nectar and ambrosia and the aroma of burning bones and fat, mischievous as a pack of ten-year-olds with a sick cat to play with and a lot of time on their hands. 'Which prayer shall we answer today?' they ask one another. 'Let's cast the dice! Hope for this one, despair for that one, and while we're at it, let's destroy the life of that woman over there by having sex with her in the form of a crayfish!' I think they pull a lot of their pranks because they're bored.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|Time, Ms. McHenry," Townsend said. "It can be a cruel, cruel thing
William W. Purkey|You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth.
Richard Fortey|Hope is a mistake. If you cant fix what's broken, you will go insane.
Andy Warhol|When I tell people I'm a comedian they say, 'Oh, are you funny?' I say, 'No, it's not that kind of comedy.'
Gini Koch, Touched by an Alien|In accordance with the terms of the Clarke-Asimov treaty, the second-bestscience writer dedicates this book to the second-best science-fictionwriter.[dedication to Isaac Asimov from Arthur C. Clarke in his book Report on Planet Three]
Charlotte Featherstone, Sinful|His hands may have been the one to heal you, but it will be mine that awaken you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|True freedom lies within how and if we choose to fly,Perhaps I need to focus on flying,
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|Once you start laughing, you start healing.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Sometimes, you just meet someone who reminds you of why people get up every day, despite the weight of the world pushing against them. When you come across someone who has the strength to keep going, based on something as small as hope. Even though they have nothing good in their lives. You want to be better for them. Sometimes, you meet someone who just makes you want to be a better you. So that maybe one day, you deserve to have their light in your life.
S.K. Kalsi|I could wade into this river, let my sins drown to the bottom, let the waters carry me someplace far. Someplace with no ghosts, no memories, and no sins.
Conor Oberst|As a communication medium, social media is a critical tool for terror groups to exploit.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The police have asked for my help. There's been a murder.""A murder! Oh, my. Let me just change my shoes," Evie said excitedly. "It won't be a minute.
S. Kelley Harrell, Teen Spirit Guide to Modern Shamanism|Look at us. One bleeding body, one corpse, and a husk who's been half dead for years. No one who took an objective look at this room could think it was anything but too late, Ruth. For all of us.
Chris Mentillo|I Can See Nothing But The Bottom Sides of Her Shoes, And Then All Became Ample Dark.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|You can't take credit for your talents, but it matters that you use them. You can't really be blamed for your weaknesses, but it matters that you correct them. So pride and shame don't make a lot of sense, in the final analysis, but they weren't much fun anyway.
Drake|Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?
H.P. Lovecraft|Yog-Sothoth knows the gate. Yog-Sothoth is the gate. Yog-Sothoth is the key and guardian of the gate. Past, present, future, all are one in Yog-Sothoth. He knows where the Old Ones broke through of old, and where They shall break through again. He knows where They have trod earth's fields, and where They still tread them, and why no one can behold Them as They tread.
David Shields|The movie - any sports movie - becomes a praise song to life here on earth, to physical existence itself, beyond striving, beyond economic necessity.
Jeff Salyards, Scourge of the Betrayer|The past may not hurt you, but it won't challenge you, either.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|I don't ask why patients lie, I just assume they all do.-Greg House
Richie Norton|If you don't build a personal brand, someone else will brand you with the wrong label.
Marcus Aurelius|The only time I waste is time I spend doing something that, in my gut, I know I shouldn't. If I choose to spend time playing video games or sleeping in, then it's time well spent, because I chose to do it. I did it for a reason - to relax, to decompress or to feel good, and that was what I wanted to do.
Amit Kalantri|No man is ordinary, only their performances are ordinary.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|From the club of what atheist call false hope and false god (which offer solace to weak minds), atheist are calling you to their club of no god and no hope (which offers nothing in return. Join the club only if you are a strong minded individual capable of handling your life alone without the help of gods. )
Pepin the Short|Who ought to be the king of france-the person who has the title, or the man who has the power?
Donald Barthelme, Sixty Stories|Artists are agents of chaos. It is the artistsjob to encourage entropy, to promote chaos. Idols must be killed, icons crushed, beliefsshattered. It is the artists job to encourage legitimate, unadulterated, raw thought andemotion. Art that does nothing new, that simply fills an established role, is not art.It is a product. A stale, stagnant product of a disgustingly mundane process that has beendone so much it is assumed mandatory. Little different than feces. The last thing the world needs is to get shittier.
M.F. Moonzajer|The thing that most people didn't understand, if they weren't in his line if work, was that a rape victim and a victim of a fatal accident were both gone forever. The difference was that the rape victim still had to go through the motions of being alive.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Pirates of Bollywood|Why Are Terrorists into Piracy? Well, they are movie buffs too!
Nelson DeMille, The General's Daughter|It’s been my experience that people always assume that generalized anxiety disorder is preferable to social anxiety disorder, because it sounds more vague and unthreatening, but those people are totally wrong. For me, having generalized anxiety disorder is basically like having all of the other anxiety disorders smooshed into one. Even the ones that aren’t recognized by modern science. Things like birds-will-probably-smother-me-in-my-sleep anxiety disorder and I-keep-crackers-in-my-pocket-in-case-I-get-trapped-in-an-elevator anxiety disorder. Basically I’m just generally anxious about f***ing everything. In fact, I suspect that’s how they came up with the name.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Though we have less to worry about than previous generations, we have more worry. Though we have it easier than our forefathers, we have more uneasiness. Though we have less real cause for anxiety than our predecessors, we are inwardly more anxious.
Julia Restoin Roitfeld|I like beauty to be a bit edgy, not typical. For me, the only rule is looking good.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|Because we don't know the state of our children's souls, and because they might simply want to please us by praying to be saved, we must continue to give them the Law and encourage them to ask God for faith to believe that He is as good as He says He is.
Scott Stabile|A few things to remember:You are beautiful, just as you are. You are as worthy as anyone who has ever lived. Your voice doesn't just matter but is needed.Your love makes a profound difference.Your compassion serves us all.We are family.We'll figure that out someday,with a lot of dedication and hard work.It will be worth it.I love you.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Mathematics is a terrible calling. It’s as merciless as gravity. It swallows the soul. There’s a point near a black hole called the last stable orbit. Once you drop below that radius, no force in the universe can stop you falling all the way in. That’s what happened to your mother – she swam too close to theory, fell below the last stable orbit.
J.D. Salinger|Something is unfolding, being revealed to me. I see that there's a whole world of of girls and their doings that has been unknown to me, and that I can be part of without making any effort at all. I don't have to keep up with anyone, run as fast, aim as well, make loud explosive noises, decode messages, die on cue. I don't have to think about whether I do these things well, as well as a boy. All I have to do is sit on the floor and cut frying pans our of the Eaton's Catalogue with embroidery scissors, and say I've done it badly.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Reality, it seems, is not a flat plane, but has as many veils as an onion has skins.
Janet Jackson|I tell my sons all the time, 'The most important thing in your life is fitness,' but a lot of fighters go overboard.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|Somehow the realization that nothing was to be hoped for had a salutary effect upon me. For weeks and months, for years, in fact, all my life I had been looking forward to something happening, some intrinsic event that would alter my life, and now suddenly, inspired by the absolute hopelessness ofeverything, I felt relieved, felt as though a great burden had been lifted from my shoulders. At dawn I parted company with the young Hindu, after touching him for a few francs, enough for a room. Walking toward Montparnasse I decided to let myself drift with the tide, to make not the least resistance to fate, no matter in what form it presented itself. Nothing that had happened to me thus far had been sufficient to destroy me; nothing had been destroyed except my illusions. I myself was intact. The world was intact. Tomorrow there might be a revolution, a plague, an earthquake; tomorrow there might not be left a single soul to whom one could turn for sympathy, for aid, for faith. It seemed to me that the great calamity had already manifested itself, that I could be no more truly alone than at this very moment. I made up my mind that I would hold on to nothing, that I would expect nothing, that henceforth I would live as an animal, a beast of prey, a rover, a plunderer. Even if war were declared, and it were my lot to go, I would grab the bayonet and plunge it, plunge it up tothe hilt. And if rape were the order of the day then rape I would, and with a vengeance. At this very moment, in the quiet dawn of a new day, was not the earth giddy with crime and distress? Had one single element of man's nature been altered, vitally, fundamentally altered, by the incessant march of history?By what he calls the better part of his nature, man has been betrayed, that is all. At the extreme limits of his spiritual being man finds himself again naked as a savage. When he finds God, as it were, he has been picked clean: he is a skeleton. One must burrow into life again in order to put on flesh. The word must become flesh; the soul thirsts. On whatever crumbmy eye fastens, I will pounce and devour. If to live is the paramount thing, then I will live, even if I must become a cannibal. Heretofore I have been trying to save my precious hide, trying to preserve the few pieces of meat that hid my bones. I am done with that. I have reached the limits of endurance. My back is to the wall; I can retreat no further. As far as history goes I am dead. If there is something beyond I shall have to bounce back. I have found God, but he is insufficient. I am only spiritually dead. Physically I am alive. Morally I am free. The world which I have departed is a menagerie. The dawn is breaking on a new world, a jungle world in which the lean spirits roam with sharp claws. If I am a hyena I am a lean and hungry one: I go forth to fatten myself.
John Grisham|You say be honest, but honestly you don't want honesty
Ocean Crisstopher Poet|The ground will never complain how much weight you add on it, how much you dig it and how much you grow on it, How long you live on it. Unused ground is an abomination to nature.
Bernard Cornwell, The Last Kingdom|I have learned that it is one thing to kill in battle, to send a brave man's soul to the corpse hall of the gods, but quite another to take a helpless man's life...
Lorrie Moore|He will talk about what "some other people said," and what he and "some other people did," and when he never specifically mentions women it will be like the Soviet news agency which never publicizes anything containing the names of the towns where the new bombs are.
Laura Schlessinger|I love Spanish cities, particularly Barcelona, Madrid and Palma, which has the most amazing cathedral that I once went to for a wedding.
James McBride, The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother|But I think parents aren't teachers anymore. Parents -- or a whole lot of us, at least -- lead by mouth instead of by example. It seems to me that if a child's hero is their mother or father -- or even better, both of them in tandem -- then the rough road of learning and experience is going to be smoothed some. And every little bit of smoothing helps, in this rough old world that wants children to be miniature adults, devoid of charm and magic and the beauty of innocence.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the essence of life. Without love, life does not make any sense.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May the power of the Holy Spirit give us the grace, strength and wisdom.
|We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are
Rowan Atkinson|A man is a fool if he drinks before he reaches the age of 50, and a fool if he doesn't afterward.
George S. Patton Jr.|I do not fear failure. I only fear the "slowing up" of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, "Keep going, someone must be on top, why not you?
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|If you don't feel the same way about him, if you're just leading him on, you need to tell him that. I've seen too many nice guys get shafted because a girl can't get over some jerk.
Anthony Horowitz, Magpie Murders|I had chosen to play the detective—and if there is one thing that unites all the detectives I've ever read about, it's their inherent loneliness. The suspects know each other. They may well be family or friends. But the detective is always the outsider. He asks the necessary questions but he doesn't actually form a relationship with anyone. He doesn't trust them, and they in turn are afraid of him. It's a relationship based entirely on deception and it's one that, ultimately, goes nowhere. Once the killer has been identified, the detective leaves and is never seen again. In fact, everyone is glad to see the back of him.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|I am often told that the model of balance for the novelist should be Dante, who divided his territory up pretty evenly between hell, purgatory, and paradise. There can be no objection to this, but also there can be no reason to assume that the result of doing it in these times will give us the balanced picture it gave in Dante's. Dante lived in the thirteenth century, when that balance was achieved by the faith of his age. We live now in an age which doubts both fact and value, which is swept this way and that by momentary convictions. Instead of reflecting a balance from the world around him, the novelist now has to achieve one from a felt balance inside himself.
Rachel Nicole Wagner|~Tonight's Sea~Meet me by the sea, Under the stars. Where we can gaze With our hearts. Today, I am restless, Waiting for tonight's meet. I cannot believe how endlessThese hours can be. I hope the constellationsAre aligned. For tonight we'll seeWhere our connection wanders. I'll hold on to this dream. My grip isn't fading. My memory isn't gone. Tonight we will be wadingIn the sea waters of love. -Rachel Nicole Wagner Original
Paul Auster, The New York Trilogy|What if, when Tracy Austin writes that after her 1989 car crash, 'I quickly accepted that there was nothing I could do about it,' the statement is not only true but exhaustively descriptive of the entire acceptance process she went through?
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|You have to know your strengths and weaknesses. If you don't have a particular strength, you need to go out and replace that.
James W. Bodden, The Red Light Princess|All the things I’ve done to my body, I’ve done out of love.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I'd have to be impolite, an inconvenience, and sometimes awkward. But if I could commit, all that discomfort would add up to zap predatory threads like a Taser gun. I'd stun them. They'd bow to me. I'd let my no echo against the mountains.And better to feel bad for a moment saying no—and stop it—than to get harmed.I would take better care.That small word, no. I'd see its deity.
Nicole McKay, A bit of rubbish about a Brick and a Blanket|I actually do have a motto,” said Heat. “It’s ‘Never forget who you work for.'" And as she voiced the words, Nikki felt a creeping unease. It wasn’t exactly shame, but it was close. For the first time it sounded hollow. Fake. Why? She examined herself, trying to see what was different. The stress, that was new. And when she looked at that, she recognized that the hardest part of her day lately was working to avoid confrontation with Captain Montrose. That’s when it came to her. In that moment, sitting nearly naked in Rook’s living room, playing some silly nineteenth-century parlor game, she came to an unexpected insight. In that moment Nikki woke up and saw with great clarity who she had become - and who she had stopped being. Without noticing it, Heat had begun seeing herself as working for her captain and had lost sight of her guiding principle, that she worked for the victim.
Liz Cheney|My faith teaches that life is sacred. That's why I personally oppose the death penalty. But I take my oath of office seriously, and I'll enforce the death penalty... because it's the law.
C.S. Lewis, Letters of C. S. Lewis|A man who is eating or lying with his wife or preparing to go to sleep in humility, thankfulness and temperance, is, by Christian standards, in an infinitely higher state than one who is listening to Bach or reading Plato in a state of pride.
Mary Wollstonecraft|Never give up, which is the lesson I learned from boxing. As soon as you learn to never give up, you have to learn the power and wisdom of unconditional surrender, and that one doesn't cancel out the other; they just exist as contradictions. The wisdom of it comes as you get older.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Over time, repetition brings perfection, which brings success.
Paulo Freire, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|Love this quote from a teacher about their class "This is four walls around the future!
Jennifer Fallon, The Immortal Prince|The observations and encounters of a man of solitude and few words are at once more nebulous and more intense than those of a gregarious man, his thoughts more ponderable, more bizarre and never without a hint of sadness. Images and perceptions that might easily be dismissed with a glance, a laugh, an exchange of opinions occupy him unduly; they are heightened in the silence, gain in significance, turn into experience, adventure, emotion. Solitude begets originality, bold and disconcerting beauty, poetry. But solitude can also beget perversity, disparity, the absurd and the forbidden.
Pope Benedict XVI|Something I constantly notice is that unembarrassed joy has become rarer. Joy today is increasingly saddled with moral and ideological burdens, so to speak. When someone rejoices, he is afraid of offending against solidarity with the many people who suffer. I don't have any right to rejoice, people think, in a world where there is so much misery, so much injustice.I can understand that. There is a moral attitude at work here. But this attitude is nonetheless wrong. The loss of joy does not make the world better - and, conversely, refusing joy for the sake of suffering does not help those who suffer. The contrary is true. The world needs people who discover the good, who rejoice in it and thereby derive the impetus and courage to do good. Joy, then, does not break with solidarity. When it is the right kind of joy, when it is not egotistic, when it comes from the perception of the good, then it wants to communicate itself, and it gets passed on. In this connection, it always strikes me that in the poor neighborhoods of, say, South America, one sees many more laughing happy people than among us. Obviously, despite all their misery, they still have the perception of the good to which they cling and in which they can find encouragement and strength.In this sense we have a new need for that primordial trust which ultimately only faith can give. That the world is basically good, that God is there and is good. That it is good to live and to be a human being. This results, then, in the courage to rejoice, which in turn becomes commitment to making sure that other people, too, can rejoice and receive good news.
Hari Kunzru|At an unprecedented time with the worst attack ever on our soil, our President displayed extraordinary determination, leadership and resolve when history was thrust upon him and the United States.
Pearl S. Buck|Heart and head are the constituent parts of character; temperament has almost nothing to do with it, and, therefore, character is dependent upon education, and is susceptible of being corrected and improved.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Let’s talk about mankind’s most adored emotion – Love. However, love itself is not a single emotion, rather a blend of many. It is such an enchanting sensation, that it has been inspiring artists, scientists, philosophers and thinkers for ages. Albert Einstein said, “any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves”. Geniuses around the world came up with various creations under the spell of love. Schrodinger’s Wave Equation, Hawking’s Hawking Radiation, Tagore’s songs, Rumi’s poems, are just a few among the plethora of scientific and philosophical literature created under the enigmatic and warm influence of love. So, technically it is totally worth being crazy in love.
Dana Arcuri|We each have the innate ability to heal ourselves. To empower ourselves with natural solutions, instead of succumbing to life-altering chemicals. There's a time and place for pharmaceuticals, but it shouldn't be the first answer, nor the only form treatment.
Erin Kellison, Awakened by Fire|I'm glad you turned cartwheels here."	Samantha heard the note of loneliness in his voice. "You did hear me say back tuck? Because that was my coolest move."	His arm came around her shoulders, and they started across the space again. "Back tuck. Coolest move. Got it.
Ilona Andrews|An enemy is always an enemy, even when they're an ally." - Taraeth
R.A.Delmonico|Oh, but to reach silence, what a huge effort of voice. My voice is the way I go seek reality; reality prior to my language exists as an unthinkable thought, but I was and am fatefully impelled to have to know what thought thinks. Reality precedes the voice that seeks it, but like the earth precedes the tree, but like the world precedes the man, but like the sea precedes the view of the sea, life precedes love, bodily matter precedes the body, and one day in its turn language shall have preceded possession of silence. - Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.
Louis Nowra, Summer Of The Aliens|I'm thinking about the cat dying, Dulcie and her knife against my throat, Mrs Irvin and her St Thomas bone... But never my sister. A brother rarely thinks about his sister.
Chevy Chase|A laugh is a surprise. And all humor is physical. I was always athletic, so that came naturally to me.
Shadi Kamal Kandil|But I hope you don’t feel the hurt as much as I did. You are too weak and fragile to stand that ache. Remember, you always will be.
Sara Maitland, Gossip from the Forest|But she never could keep it straight. All the letters, the acronyms, the codes, the colors, changing like musical chairs, every week, every month. Games demons play. It meant nothing to her, except in a charming sort of way, as it had when Naganya wanted to play at interrogation, while the rest of them wanted chess.
Debasish Mridha|People can hate you or curse you, but if you love, then nothing can touch you.
Sarah Winman, A Year of Marvellous Ways|The principles of catching rumours were, in fact, similar to the principals of catching dreams, but because rumour was weightier, the catcher had to be positioned closer to the ground. Rumour flew low, dreams flew high, and somewhere in between were prayers.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Of course he loves me. I’m his sister.”“Blood isn’t love,” said Magnus, and his voice was bitter.
Tania Goody|Are there times in our lives when we come across a problem, and we look for our own solution? Are there times when perhaps we try to figure out how WE can solve a problem, rather than taking it to God? Perhaps we like to think we are doing a good thing by solving our own problems. Or maybe we think that the issue is so small, so why bother God with it– we will hold out for a bigger issue. The problem is that God wants to be a part of our lives. He has a great interest in EACH one of our lives. He doesn’t care how small or how large the issue. He wants to be involved. He is always there, ready for us to ask, ready for us to talk. He listens 24/7, wherever we are, and there are no cell phone overages and no waiting to say our piece.
Allan Hamilton|When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
G.S. Jennsen, Sidespace|It is practical, but that doesn't mean it's right.
Brigid Kemmerer, Letters to the Lost|Can I tell you one thing?” Melonhead says.I swallow. “Sure.”“One day isn’t your whole life, Murph.” He waits until I look at him. “A day is just a day.”I scoff and slouch in the chair. “So what are you saying? That people shouldn’t judge me on one mistake? Tell that to Judge Ororos.”He leans in against the table. “No, kid. I’m saying you shouldn’t judge yourself for it.
Mark Burnett|New York City is the most important location in the world... it is the center for fashion, culture and finance.
James W. Fowler, Stages of Faith: The Psychology of Human Development and the Quest for Meaning|In German one of the terms for imagination is the compound word Einbildungskraft: literally, the "power ( Kraft)" of "forming ( Bildung)" into "one (Ein)." Here I want us to reflect about faith as a kind of imagination. Faith forms a way of seeing our everyday life in relation to holistic images of what we may call the ultimate environment. Human action always involves responses and initiatives. We shape our action ( our responses and initiatives) in accordance with what we see to be going on. We seek to fit our actions into, or oppose them to , larger patterns of action and meaning. Faith, in its binding us to centers of value and power and in its triadic joining of us into communities of shared trusts and loyalties, gives forms and content to our imaging of an ultimate environment.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|I became addicted to the floating nature of nothingness, to the charm of its carefree pauses and to waiting. I magnified waiting. I wrote about waiting. I basked in its warm nook and completely let go of who I am or what I really wanted.
Dani Alexander, Shattered Glass|Love is a choice. That's why love it's one of gods commandments. People love because they trust. People trust because of faith. Love does have expectations. What we expect by love is eternity. We expect eternity because love is a choice, and you can choose to have it forever. The expectation of having love is a purpose to live, and a purpose to die. With out expectations, why would you love. The natural gift of love it's a purpose to live and happiness. That's why love it's worth dying for. With god or with out god in the picture, that's why love it's worth dying for.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Oh for God's sake,' Heather said, 'I wish you two would just go out, fail miserably as a couple, and get it over with.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Let those who love me follow me'Cora Pearl, on being the very first person to dye her hair red in 1864
Alyssa Day|Alaric, go after her. Since Daniel forced the blood bond on her, Quinn has been different. Lost. She deserves better than for you to abandon her and, priest or no, you know it.
James  Dean|Tut, tut — fame clearly isn't everything.
Dawn O'Porter, Paper Aeroplanes|Anyway,You need to focus only on you.
Charlotte Brontë, Tales of Angria|Beauty is given to dolls, majesty to haughty vixens, but mind, feeling, passion and the crowning grace of fortitude are the attributes of an angel.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|How very lovable her face was to him. Yet there was nothing ethereal about it; all was real vitality, real warmth, real incarnation. And it was in her mouth that this culminated. Eyes almost as deep and speaking he had seen before, and cheeks perhaps as fair; brows as arched, a chin and throat almost as shapely; her mouth he had seen nothing to equal on the face of the earth. To a young man with the least fire in him that little upward lift in the middle of her red top lip was distracting, infatuating, maddening. He had never before seen a woman’s lips and teeth which forced upon his mind with such persistent iteration the old Elizabethan simile of roses filled with snow.Perfect, he, as a lover, might have called them off-hand. But no — they were not perfect. And it was the touch of the imperfect upon the would-be perfect that gave the sweetness, because it was that which gave the humanity.
Derek Prince|During the last week of her father's life, Blanca stayed home with him. 'I didn't bathe. I didn't sleep. I sat in the bed with him in the living room. And we were communicating all the time. I kept thinking, and it's more beautiful in Spanish, but I wanted to bottle his breathing.
Bill Condon|I'm not traditional at all. It's not that I'm against marriage; it just never mattered that much to me. If I was dating someone who getting married was very important to them, then absolutely. I'd have no problem. I love the idea of finding someone to be a great father figure to Jasper and to share my life with.
Dillon Burroughs, Thirst No More: A One-Year Devotional Journey|Other priests, he knew, found an intense pleasure in the raw, salty dialect of peasant conversation. They picked up pearls of wisdom and experience over a farmhouse table or a cup of wine in a workingman's kitchen. They talked with equal familiarity to the rough-tongued whores of Trastevere and the polished signori of Parioli. They enjoyed the ribald humor of the fish market as much as the wit of a Cardinal's dinner table. They were good priests too, and they did much good for their people, with a singular satisfaction to themselves.
Jack White|The fans love the home runs, the home run competition between Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa.
Arianne Cohen, The Tall Book: A Celebration of Life from on High|Exercise stimulates growth plates, by putting pressure on bone cells, forcing them to specialize and create new cells. Too much pressure, however, damages the growth plates, which are soft and fragile...The rule of thumb is that lifting one's own body weight (in push-ups,pull-ups, etc) is fine at any age, and kids over fifteen can lift weights.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.
Matthew Heines|Special Super Bowl Wisdom of the Ages: "Unger Games" If your meals depend on you beating the Seahawks, you're gonna go "'Unger-y.
Joshua Wright|Fear is what keeps the walls up, so open the gate and let what you want, in when you want
Bill Bryson|Not only have you been lucky enough to be attached since time immemorial to a favored evolutionary line, but you have also been extremely- make that miraculously- fortunate in your personal ancestry. Consider the fact that for 3.8 billion years, a period of time older than the Earth's mountains and rivers and oceans, everyone of your forbears on both sides has been attractive enough to find a mate, healthy enough to reproduce, and sufficiently blessed by fate and circumstances to live long enough to do so. Not one of your pertinent ancestors was squashed, devoured, drowned, starved, stranded, stuck fast, untimely wounded, or otherwise deflected from it's life quest of delivering a tiny charge of genetic material to the right partner at the right moment in order to perpetuate the only possible sequence of hereditary combinations that could result - evetually, astoundingly, and all to briefly- in you.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I never wanted this for you. This life…I knew it was going to kill me in the end. I wish you didn’t have to be here when it finally caught up.
Marian Anderson|God doesn't seek for golden vessels, and does not ask for silver ones, but He must have clean ones.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|I'll tell them that on bad mornings, it feels impossible to take pleasure in anything because I'm afraid it could be taken away.
Louise Erdrich, The Plague of Doves|But although all our knowledge begins with experience, it does not follow that it arises from experience.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Lowell’s best friend was the heroically moustached art director of a tobacco magazine that published in the same building where Lowell worked at plumbing. His name was Harry Balmer, and despite the evidence of his moustache he was nervous, compulsive, and wracked with small fears. He looked his best from across a wide room; the closer you got to him, the more he seemed to fall apart into a mass of twitches and gnawed finernails and the clearer it became that this big, smart-looking moustache was a kind of bush he was trying to hide behind.
Ahmed Zewail|I think Direct Cinema's trying to be insightful by looking at reality in a very close way while, in fact, much more is staged than we like to think. In cinema verite, it's about trying to make something invisible visible - the role of fantasy and imagination in everyday life.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Even at 80, I shall say that I am yet to start, Yes! I shall say that I am yet to start, for that shall give me the real reason never ever to look back and see what I have done but, to look ahead and see the marvelous things I shall be able to do and the distinctive footprints I shall be able live and leave with the very seconds that shall be ahead of me! Life must never be over until all is over!
R. Benzadi|A true friend sees your tears of sadness, And quickly turns them into tears of joy and laughter,Forming a rainbow.
Raghuram G. Rajan, Fault Lines: How Hidden Fractures Still Threaten the World Economy|After all it is not what you make, it is what you keep or pass on.
Dada Bhagwan|There is everything in this world. But check and see what is allotted to you…. if you are truthful, you will get everything. People say that God helps those who are truthful. No, it’s not like that. A truthful person receives divinity [aishwarya (Godly energies)]. It requires from one; truthful intentions, honesty and real faith (loyalty).
Kenya Wright, Escape|…he grabbed my hand again. That same warmth hit me, seeping into my skin. I bit my lip and forced myself not to relish in the tingling heat. Samuel’s eyes widened. Fangs erupted from his gums. His nostrils flared as he inhaled me.
Christopher Hitchens, Prepared for the Worst: Selected Essays and Minority Reports|There are times when it is conservative to be a revolutionary, when the world must be turned on its head in order to be stood on its feet.
Eric Mace-Tessler, International Understanding, or: The Gap-Year Girl|We have to teach the young that no one is out to do them any favours, even NGOs are formed for some motives, either to steal or to promote a particular person's image or that of an organisation etc.If you must get anything out of anyone, you must come with a bargaining chip.
Marty Rubin|Love is the body's warmth; sex, its heat.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|She arches her body like a cat on a stretch. She nuzzles her cunt into my face like a filly at the gate. She smells of the sea. She smells of rockpools when I was a child. She keeps a starfish in there. I crouch down to taste the salt, to run my fingers around the rim. She opens and shuts like a sea anemone. She's refilled each day with fresh tides of longing.
Titus Lucretius Carus, On the Nature of Things: de Rerum Natura|All religions are equally sublime to the ignorant, useful to the politician, and ridiculous to the philosopher.
Gordon Stein, The Encyclopedia of Unbelief, 2 Vols|Many of the innovations in science and philosophy have come from unbelievers, some of whom died for their 'unbeliefs.' Without unbelief, we might well be living in the Dark Ages or at least in the intellectual equivalent of that time.In past centuries many theists savagely attacked atheists on the ground that someone without a belief in God must be a moral 'monster,' who would permit any action. This argument is rarely heard today, as the number of people who are openly atheists has become so large that its falsity is self-evident. Atheists do have a moral code to guide them. It is usually based upon the Golden Rule, plus a variety of utilitarian reasons, although there are a number of other possible systems. Rather than being immoral, most atheists are extremely moral.There are a large number of people who can and do manage to lead decent upright lives with no use for a belief in God as a guide. Atheists do not care whether others believe as they do. They do ask, however, for the right to believe as they wish ....
Benedict Cumberbatch|If you want a happy ending, it just depends on where you close the book!
Emil M. Cioran|Not the power to remember, but its very opposite, the power to forget, is a necessary condition for our existence.
Stephan Attia, Aunt Jante Needs You!|When a basic human need becomes a taboo, it is only a matter of time before it turns into a hideous industry.
Matthew Syed, Black Box Thinking: Why Some People Never Learn from Their Mistakes - But Some Do|...innovation is highly context-dependent. It is a response to a particular problem at a particular time and place. Take away the context, and you remove both the spur to innovation, and its raw material.
Anna Spargo-Ryan, The Paper House|To speak of ‘trying again’ while her ghost was still in the room was an insult to both the child gone before and the child that might come after. The child before might be merely a precursor, a practice run, a whole person deemed sufficiently remembered and loved; while the child after might be a bandaid child, a second child, a replacement child. Without time taken to wait – not until the first child was forgotten but until the hideous burning fire of grief had dulled – neither child could be fully a person, but just a function of the other.
Frank Beardsley|When Peter renounced the world he grew up in and the people he grew up with, I believe it was exactly as heroic as that of a person who, finding himself prone to violent seasickness, renounces yachting. Hell, Pete was hardly ‘in the world’ in the first place. That was just the problem. He knew more about 13th century Sufi Orders and the Ptolemaic Universe than the rivers and hills and sewers and mills in southwestern Washington.
Andrej Nikolaidis|When I pass the bar, you'll be barred from bars but put behind them.
Two Chainz|I look back and see the kids who made it through school - it made a huge difference in their lives, which made me believe in the power of public education and what it can do for individuals and communities and the state.
Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree|Ain't the best prayin' jest bein' with God and talkin' a while, like He's a good friend, stead a-like he runs a store and you've come in a-hopin' to git a bargain?
L. Jon Wertheim, Scorecasting: The Hidden Influences Behind Sports and How Games Are Won|Go to a goddamn priest if you wanna be lied to. I've seen too many of your kind slip back inside to fool myself. If you wanna think you're a new man, hell, that's fine. But don't think you're looking any different in anyone else's mind.
Naoyuki Ochiai, Syndrome 1866 Vol. 4|Those who are not free to live as they choose are second class citizens. The weak will lose everything to the strong, even their lives.
Laura  Oliva, Season Of The Witch|I knew how you liked long tales," he said, giving her a wink. "There's sure to be plenty of those.""In Gaelic," she said."All the better for learning it.
Maya Angelou|When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed.
V.S. Ramachandran, The Tell–Tale Brain – A Neuroscientist`s Quest for What Makes Us Human|Physicians, patients, and ethicists must also understand that acknowledging abuse and encouraging African Americans to participate in research are compatible goals. History and today's deplorable African American health profile tell us clearly that black Americans need both more research and more vigilance.
Kristin Hannah, Night Road|Even as she listened to murmurs of support, she heard the relief in other people’s voices, the immense gratitude that it wasn’t their child who had died. She heard I’m so sorry until she despised those words as she had never despised anything in her life, and she discovered an anger in her soul that was new.
Kresley Cole, The Warlord Wants Forever|When she scooped up her clothes, opened his door, then snapped her fingers for a guard down the hall, Wroth watched like a bystander. “Pssst. Minion. I need these laundered. Very little starch. Don’t just stand there gawking or you’ll anger my good frenemy General Wroth. We’re like this.”He couldn’t see her but knew she was twining two fingers together.
Charles Williams, The Place of the Lion|The living water that never runs dry,The water of life, Lord, the saviour of the world.
Hannah Arendt, The Life of the Mind|...most Substance-addicted people are also addicted to thinking, meaning they have a compulsive and unhealthy relationship with their own thinking.
Mohith Agadi|Not everyone around you are your friends or well wishers, Just be conscious.
Ammar Moussa (عمار موسى), رحلة إلى ما وراء القمة|Most fires made by underestimated sparks, the greatness fire inside ourselves is lit by the spark of the change, came across a small corner in our souls where the conscience still whispering.
Vonda Sinclair, My Daring Highlander|The breeze was calm and the sun beamed between the scattering clouds. Glancing across the rolling heather-covered landscape and toward the burn, he didn't see Remy or anyone else. "Twas too bad that the heather was not in bloom for the sight would have been lovely. Glancing up, he noticed something else. A giant double rainbow spanned across the horizon, one slightly dimmer than the other. 	"Ah," he halted and turned in the saddle. "Have you ever seen such a bonny rainbow?"	Shona gasped. "Nay. 'Tis very bright."	Even lovelier, at least to Keegan, was Shona's smile as she took in the scenery. She was so beautiful, his chest ached. Yet, he knew not how he was going to keep her in his life so that he might see her smile every day.
Vera Wang|We are all responsible to Jesus first, and then, under him, to various other persons and offices. Discerning the path of love and obedience when two or more of these submissive relationships collide is a call to humble, Bible-saturated, spiritual wisdom.
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|When Jim Donell thought of something to say he said it as often and in as many ways as possible, perhaps because he had very few ideas and had to wring each one dry.
Trevor P. Wardlaw, Slaves and Overseers: Antiquated Hate Crimes and Peculiar Relationships|While adoration periodically crept into the relationships between slaves and overseers, their most unsavory interactions provided the inexplicable narrative for a dark period in American history.
Nicholas D. Kristof, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|There are 2-3 millions prostitutes in India, and although many of them now sell sex to some degree willingly, and are paid, a significant share of them entered the sex industry unwillingly.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|No matter what you say to someone else, you always hear it first.
Tom Rath, How Full Is Your Bucket?|The lesson here is clear: If you want people to understand that you value their contributions and that they are important, the recognition and praise you provide must have meaning that is specific to each individual.
Vladimir Lenin|He had been taught as a child that Urras was a festering mass of inequity, iniquity, and waste. But all the people he met, and all the people he saw, in the smallest country village, were well dressed, well fed, and contrary to his expectations, industrious. They did not stand about sullenly waiting to be ordered to do things. Just like Anaresti, they were simply busy getting things done. It puzzled him. He had assumed that if you removed a human being's natural incentive to work -- his initiative, his spontaneous creative energy -- and replaced it with external motivation and coercion, he would become a lazy and careless worker. But no careless workers kept those lovely farmlands, or made the superb cars and comfortable trains. The lure and compulsion of profit was evidently a much more effective replacement of the natural initiative than he had been led to believe.
Jesikah Sundin, Transitions: Novella Collection|Not a single rumor whispered on the wind here. He was too high up for such lowly experiences, too removed from the mundane and the pain. For these few blessed moments the rushing sensations blew away his controversial existence. And he smiled.
Steven Galloway, The Cellist of Sarajevo|And the more he was irritated by her basic personality, the more he was drawn to her by a harsh, bestial sensuality, illusions of a moment, which ended in hate.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|Admitting the need for help may also compound the survivor's sense of defeat. The therapists Inger Agger and Soren Jensen, who work with political refugees, describe the case of K, a torture survivor with severe post-traumatic symptoms who adamantly insisted that he had no psychological problems: "K...did not understand why he was to talk with a therapist. His problems were medical: the reason why he did not sleep at night was due to the pain in his legs and feet. He was asked by the therapist...about his political background, and K told him that he was a Marxist and that he had read about Freud and he did not believe in any of that stuff: how could his pain go away by talking to a therapist?
John Geiger|Don’t let one bad moment ruin your day. Think of it as a bad minute, not a bad day, and you’ll be OK. Stress begins when your worry list is longer than your gratitude list. Happiness begins when your gratitude list is longer than your worry list. So find something to be thankful for today. Be sure to appreciate what you’ve got. Be thankful for the little things in life that mean a lot.
Colette Ruland Parrino|Where the rivers meetyou tell me of your black dreams.Your memories make me uneasy.But I listen because I knowmy listening, like all other listeningallows you to heal.
Denis Villeneuve|I've always been attracted to classic patterns in architecture, music and drama.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often, opinion is a lens polished by the grit of bias. And as I stare through my own lens, I might ask how much polish can the grit of bias actually create?
Avisheena|I might be a witness to those who didn't confident in themselves, but I will not be like them.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Tiny is saying, "If you can't trust your gut then what can you trust?" And I say, "You can trust that caring, as a rule, ends poorly," which is true. Caring doesn't sometimes lead to misery. It always does.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|His heart was leaping against his ribs like a frantic bird. Perhaps it knew it had little time left, perhaps it was determined to fulfill a lifetime’s beats before the end.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|Take life a little more gladly,  Every disappointment a little more lightly, Every heartache a little more positively, And you have a little more days to live.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|One altar forever is preserved, that whereon we burn incense to the supreme idol,--ourselves, our god is great, and money is his Prophet! We devastate nature in order to make sacrifice to him; we boast that we have conquered Matter and forget that it is matter that has forever enslaved us.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Our experiences always teach us something. If the experience is "bad", then the lesson is even more powerful and meaningful. Every unfortunate incident makes us stronger and better equipped to handle new challenges.
Lawrence Lessig, Free Culture: The Nature and Future of Creativity|On the day Princess Diana died, a group of students had gathered before a lecture, talking about what they had heard on the radio that morning, repeating “paparazzi” over and over, all sounding knowing and cocksure, until, in a lull, Okoli Okafor quietly asked, “But who exactly are the paparazzi? Are they motorcyclists?” and instantly earned himself the nickname Okoli Paparazzi
Tagor Manroo|If you want to find a way, you have to go
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Some people, very many actually, both men and women, complained of having enjoyed a very loving relationship with someone, but of no longer feeling the same way despite still being very fond of that person, with whom they generally lived.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Most of us think that being authentic is about being true to what we want and who we are, without regard for the impact it has on others. On the contrary, the authentic self is an intelligence at the core of who we are that is inspired, centered, and connected to those we lead. When we are in this centered place of being we are able to choose behavior that serves the greatest good.
Henry Miller|Life moves on, whether we act as cowards or heroes. Life has no other discipline to impose, if we would but realize it, than to accept life unquestioningly. Everything we shut our eyes to, everything we run away from, everything we deny, denigrate or despise, serves to defeat us in the end. What seems nasty, painful, evil, can become a source of beauty, joy, and strength, if faced with an open mind. Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such
Shane Jiraiya Cummings, Rage Against the Night|To dive in the darkness, I should dive in the truth, then in images of the world..., then facts, then in books, then listening, then in short stories... that's how I write the horror. It's very complicated.
Morgan Matson|Twas easier to disarm the god of strengthThan this Hippolytus, for HerculesYielded so often to the eyes of beauty,As to make triumph cheap.― Jean Racine, Phèdre
Jessica Khoury, Origin|Beauty and death, so closely knit together. This seems to be the central theme of my life.
Maureen Johnson, The Last Little Blue Envelope|I’d love to be a tabletop in Paris, where food is art and life combined in one, where people gather and talk for hours. I want lovers to meet over me. I’d want to be covered in drops of candle wax and breadcrumbs and rings from the bottom of wineglasses. I would never be lonely, and I would always serve a good purpose.
Lucifer|For a pregnant woman to give birth, she's gotta feel the pain of pulling a watermelon out of her nostril. For an Artist to create a masterpiece, he's gotta feel the pain of pulling entire galaxies out of his ass.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Best of Wodehouse: An Anthology|Freddie experienced the sort of abysmal soul-sadness which afflicts one of Tolstoy's Russian peasants when, after putting in a heavy day's work strangling his father, beating his wife, and dropping the baby into the city's reservoir, he turns to the cupboards, only to find the vodka bottle empty.
Thich Nhat Hanh|I think my thing is I grew up in the ghetto, and I was able to get a second chance. That's what I'm trying to tell kids.
Peter Gabriel|Sometimes I'll have sections that I'm not quite sure how they fit in the puzzle of a tune, they'll get moved around; what I think was originally a verse ends up becoming the chorus, or what's an intro gets dropped as a hook, things get shifted around a lot.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no place for beggary [wanting things from others] in the current era. The law of vyavasthit [scientific circumstantial evidences] is such that one who has decided never to beg, will never have situation to beg.
David Lynch|Well, I think one of the main things that you have to think about when acting in the movies is to try not to make the acting show.
Mother Teresa|Give, but give until it hurts.
Sunday Adelaja|The foundational stone for any business, enterprise or project has to be wisdom.
Hank Quense|Income inequality has no necessary connection with poverty, the lack of material resources for a decent life, such as adequate food, shelter, and clothing. A society with great income inequality may have no poor people, and a society with no income inequality may have nothing but poor people.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|The language of Energy-Consciousness, LifeParticles, can be universal for all life-forms. To enliven it ask yourself, “How would I feel if …” and just feel - how other people feel, how the oceans, forests, animals and the Earth feel. Through this language, you can deliver your feeling and intent to others and consciously experience your connection to all beings.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Peaceful society, peaceful world.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|His grace is cheapened when you think that He has only forgiven you of your sins up to the time you got saved, and after that point, you have to depend on your confession of sins to be forgiven. God's forgiveness is not given in installments.
George R.R. Martin|Never boyfriends? You've NEVER been in LOVE?"As I shake my head no, I look out the window, yearning to see Cole's sun-filled eyes again looking into mine."Don't worry," Tiger said. "Love isn't easy- and it happens on its own time. Just hang in there. He’ll come around.
Albert J. LaChance, The Third Covenant: The Transmission of Consciousness in the Work of Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Thomas Berry, and Albert J. LaChance|Even those who drink until blacking out, those who beat women, are not the exception, hopefully not the norm, trapped somewhere in society in a dark place nobody wants to talk about.
Terry Pratchett|Too much alleged ‘fantasy’ is just empty sugar, life with the crusts cut off.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The lieutenant-colonel realized for the first time what most people never realize about themselves--that he was not only a victim of outrageous fortune, but one of outrageous fortune's cruelest agents as well.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|The political trend is always to be observed, partly as a spectacle, partly for one’s own safety. The liberal is dissatisfied with regime; the anarch passes through their sequence – as inoffensively as possible – like a suite of rooms. This is the recipe for anyone who cares more about the substance of the world than its shadow – the philosopher, the artist, the believer.
Alistair Begg|The main things are the plain things, and the plain things are the main things.
Samreena Ashraf|maybe someday, you will look back and smile because it was all worth it
Robert Nathan, Portrait of Jennie|How little we have, I thought, between us and the waiting cold, the mystery, death--a strip of beach, a hill, a few walls of wood or stone, a little fire--and tomorrow's sun, rising and warming us, tomorrow's hope of peace and better weather . . . What if tomorrow vanished in the storm? What if time stood still? And yesterday--if once we lost our way, blundered in the storm--would we find yesterday again ahead of us, where we had thought tomorrow's sun would rise?
C.C. Campbell, The Stolen Light of Women: A Quest for Spiritual Truth Beyond Religion|For, what is the purpose of true love, other than to rescue another from one's self? Why is that not the first thing we look for?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|It is crucial to understand that there are myriad interpretations of behavior. When you subscribe only to yours, you may begin to think that everyone else is wrong and thus limit your flexibility and possibility. Developing cultural awareness will make your diverse relationships easier and more productive.
|You cannot carry your whole marriage on your back and call it, compromising. It takes two willing hearts to effectively compromise.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Mistakes are your milestones, don't let them Stop you! Step up with them.
Issey Miyake|Some people want fame, popularity and huge sales. I've always hoped to have a really long career. So I've tried to make each of my creative decisions and business decisions to allow for longevity. As a side effect I got really famous and really big. I didn't realize the two could go together.
Freda Utley, Lost Illusion|Your leaders must know powerful magic. Yes, said one of the women. The magic is called Marx, Stalin, Lenin and Class Dialectics. It didn't sound like very powerful magic to me.
Walter Savage Landor|In its beginnings, music was merely chamber music, meant to be listened to in a small space by a small audience.
Tony Blair, A Journey: My Political Life|For most normal people, politics is a distant, occasionally irritating fog.
Billy Graham|I feel very, very thankful to have the family that I do.
Wilfred James Dolor|Sometimes we think the hardest part of life is letting go, but what we fail to realize is that learning to start over makes it hard for us to let go." - W.J. Dolor
Kato Kaelin|I'd got to that age when I was out on a date with a guy and I would be thinking: Don't mention your age, don't mention that you want a child - because they would just run out the door.
Steve Albini|If I design another line, I will definitely design pieces that suit both pregnant and non-pregnant women. Being pregnant is one of the most amazing things, but it is a big change in a woman's life and body, and I think it is important she feels amazing all along her term. And being able to wear beautiful lingerie will definitely help.
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|Rather than there being two distinct and unambiguous categories ofconstrained and unconstrained (or tragic and utopian) visions of humannature, I think there is just one vision with a sliding scale. Let’s call this theRealistic Vision. If you believe that human nature is partly constrained inall respects—morally, physically, and intellectually—then you hold aRealistic Vision of human nature.
M.R. Carey, Fellside|Our teachers urged us toward the example of freedom marchers, Freedom Riders, and Freedom Summers, and it seemed that the month could not pass without a series of films dedicated to the glories of being beaten on camera. The black people in these films seemed to love the worst things in life - love the dogs that rent their children apart, the tear gas that clawed at their lungs, the firehorses that tore off their clothes and tumbled them into the streets. They seemed to love the men who raped them, the women who cursed them, love the children who spat on them, the terrorists that bombed them. Why are they showing this to us? Why were only our heroes nonviolent? I speak not of the morality of nonviolence, but of the sense that blacks are in especial need of this morality.
Rebecca Lloyd|I asked her what a true story was because I thought that all stories were made up. She said a true story was called fact, and a made-up story was called ficton. Auntie May said a made-up story is a bit like telling lies, only the people who read them knew that already and so it didn’t matter
Arshavir Ter Hovannessian, Raw Eating: Or a New World Free from Diseases, Vices and Poisons|When you don't fit in anymore, eat less.
Marshall McLuhan|Students of media are persistently attacked as evaders, idly concentrating on means or processes rather than on 'substance'. The dramatic and rapid changes of 'substance' elude these accusers. Survival is not possible if one approaches his environment, the social drama, with a fixed, unchangeable point of view - the witless repetitive response to the unperceived.
Tracy Kidder|Churchill was the canny political animal, very devious, bursting with energy and determination, learning as hard as he could.
Black Elk|In the cold, shivering twilight, preceding the daybreak of civilization, the dominating emotion of man was fear.
Moosa Rahat|While you numb, nuts are chasing pokemons, I'll be chasing the money.
Kenneth Eade, Terror on Wall Street, a Financial Metafiction Novel|Just two naked guys enjoying a manly hug in the middle of the apocalypse. - Cody Forester, Werewolf Apocalypse
Shannon L. Alder|Great leaders get people to admit the truth because they know that dreams are buried under the lies they tell themselves, in order to feel okay with giving up.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Tell your friend that in his death, a part of you dies and goes with him. Wherever he goes, you also go. He will not be alone.
Denis Waitley|Brotherhood means laying down your life for somebody, really willing to sacrifice yourself for somebody else.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|In the infancy of society every author is necessarily a poet, because language itself is poetry. – Owen Barfield
Dan Wells, Partials|Happiness is the most natural thing in the world when you have it, and the slowest, strangest, most impossible thing when you don't. It's like learning a foreign language: You can think about the words all you want, but you'll never be able to speak it until you suck up your courage and say them out loud.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|A true work of art is shaped by the hands of another, and if in shaping us that ‘other’ is anything other than God, the piece will never touch the remotest periphery of its potential.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|It’s traumatizing to think that a best friend could become just a friend. That’s because there is virtually no difference between an acquaintance and a friend. But the gulf between a friend and a best friend is enormous and profound. And if I look at it that way, I think I can see the value of a wedding. If you’re my best friend and the only way I get to have dinner with you is by traveling thousands of miles, selecting a chicken or fish option, and wearing a dress in the same shade of lavender as six other girls, I will do that. I won't love it. But I love you.
Sue Miller, While I Was Gone|My mother believed in God's will for many years. It was af if she had turned on a celestial faucet and goodness kept pouring out. She said it was faith that kept all these good things coming our way, only I thought she said "fate" because she couldn't pronounce the "th" sound in "fa
T. Harv Eker, Secrets of the Millionaire Mind: Mastering the Inner Game of Wealth|The problem that we have with a victim mentality is that we forget to see the blessings of the day. Because of this, our spirit is poisoned instead of nourished.
Julia Cameron|It's funny, in a human kind of way, how we can convince ourselves that we're in control at the very moment we are beginning to lose it.
Daniel O'Malley, The Rook|Maybe,” he said in a slow, rural drawl, “you could explain to me why I found you in the middle of an orgy.” “Well,” I said, “if you’re going to be in an orgy, the middle is the best spot, isn’t it.
Rabindranath Tagore|Obstinate are the trammels, but my heart aches when I try to break them. Freedom is all I want, but to hope for it I feel ashamed. I am certain that priceless wealth is in thee, and that thou art my best friend, but I have not the heart to sweep away the tinsel that fills my room. The shroud that covers me is a shroud of dust and death; I hate it, yet hug it in love. My debts are large, my failures great, my shame secret and heavy; yet when I come to ask for my good, I quake in fear lest my prayer be granted.
Alastair Reynolds|Yves Klein said it was the essence of colour itself: the colour that stood for all other colours. A man once spent his entire life searching for a particular shade of blue that he remembered encountering in childhood. He began to despair of ever finding it, thinking he must have imagined that precise shade, that it could not possibly exist in nature. Then one day he chanced upon it. It was the colour of a beetle in a museum of natural history. He wept for joy.’- "Zima Blue" by Alastair Reynolds
Irene Butter|Enemies are people who's story you haven't heard, or who's face you haven't seen.
Ludwig von Mises, Human Action: A Treatise on Economics|All varieties of the producers' policy are advocated on the ground of their alleged ability to raise the party members' standard of living. Protectionism and economic self-sufficiency, labor union pressure and compulsion, labor legislation, minimum wage rates, public spending, credit expansion, subsidies, and other makeshifts are always recommended by their advocates as the most suitable or the only means to increase the real income of the people for whose votes they canvass. Every contemporary statesman or politician invariably tells his voters: My program will make you as affluent as conditions may permit, while my adversaries' program will bring you want and misery.
Mahatma Gandhi|The first revolt is against the supreme tyranny of theology, of the phantom of God. As long as we have a master in heaven, we will be slaves on earth.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Sometimes, all it takes to save people from a terrible faith is one person willing to do something about it. Even if that "something" is a fake bathroom break.
Russell Kirk, The Roots of American Order|When you look at it objectively, that’s what most colonists do—they land then find a way of wiping out their competition. In America is was blankets covered with smallpox and in Australia it was permits to hunt aborigines. If you wipe a whole people from the face of the earth, then there’s no one to point fingers at you. It’s just their spirits that haunt you and spirits can’t do shit.
Robin Bielman, Once Upon a Royal Christmas|Those gray eyes slid back to her. “Your shower big enough for two?”“Yes, but the cats don’t like to get wet. Neither does theguinea pig. But you might have some success with the lizard.”Bad, bad move. Because both corners of his mouth weregetting in on the smile action. He moved them one at a time, first the right corner, then a slow follow from the left corner.And then he showed his dimple.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|How surely gravity's law,strong as an ocean current,takes hold of the smallest thingand pulls it toward the heart of the world.Each thing---each stone, blossom, child---is held in place.Only we, in our arrogance,push out beyond what we each belong tofor some empty freedom.If we surrenderedto earth's intelligencewe could rise up rooted, like trees.Instead we entangle ourselvesin knots of our own makingand struggle, lonely and confused.So like children, we begin againto learn from the things,because they are in God's heart;they have never left him.This is what the things can teach us:to fall,patiently to trust our heaviness.Even a bird has to do thatbefore he can fly.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|Music is crucial. Beyond no way can I overstress this fact. Let's say you're southbound on the interstate, cruising alone in the middle lane, listening to AM radio. Up alongside comes a tractor trailer of logs or concrete pipe, a tie-down strap breaks, and the load dumps on top of your little sheetmetal ride. Crushed under a world of concrete, you're sandwiched like so much meat salad between layers of steel and glass. In that last, fast flutter of your eyelids, you looking down that long tunnel toward the bright God Light and your dead grandma walking up to hug you--do you want to be hearing another radio commercial for a mega, clearance, closeout, blow-out liquidation car-stereo sale?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Often, we try to tell God what we want Him to do—but ask Him to help you guard against this, and to seek His will instead of your own. Pray and ask God to guide you.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|By mirroring, speaking, and moving in tandem with my clients, I provided them with a sense of familiar comfort and ease which helped us work well together. When they leaned forward, I would lean forward. When they crossed their arms, I would cross my arms. When they began speaking slowly and quietly, I would do the same. These subtle actions help to us to communicate more effectively.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|I never wanted to be safe, I wanted to be good.
Desmond Tutu|We must be ready to learn from one another, not claiming that we alone possess all truth and that somehow we have a corner on God.
Kentetsu Takamori, Something You Forgot...Along the Way: Stories of Wisdom and Learning|If you are fortunate enough to enjoy great success, you should never forget the spirit of the beginner, and not grow indolent and arrogant.
Jolene Perry, My Heart for Yours|I am sure that music was never meant to sound this harsh, this painful.
Debasish Mridha|Where love is the light, love is the way. Happiness is there; sadness flies away.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|No, Sully'd decided long ago to abstain from all but the most general forms of regret. He allowed himself the vague wish that things had turned out differently, without blaming himself that they hadn't, any more than he'd blamed himself when his 1-2-3 triple never ran like it should at least once. It didn't pay to second-guess every one of life's decisions, to pretend to wisdom about the past from the safety of the present, the way so many people did when they got older.
Vikas Swarup, Q & A|What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
Lisa Berne, The Laird Takes a Bride|Change was coming.Change was coming, and it was good.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|My friends call me by my name.""You don't have any friends.""I don't want you to be my friend, Selia, or my servant, not now. I thought you were both. You have let me know I was wrong. So are you to treat me so. You are wrong.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|repeat after me:1. our immigrant families are not just ‘homophobic’ they are also ‘colonized.’2. our parents have histories, genders, and sexualities, too.3. they are just as broken as we are (but we have the words — i mean the english — to say it)4. the diaspora responds to racism with heteronormativity5. trauma seeps through generations
Elizabeth Wurtzel|Metallica is like the phoenix rising from the ashes. We set everything on fire, and this is what has risen from it - 'St. Anger' being the fire and 'Death Magnetic' being the phoenix.
Jennifer Ashley, The Duke's Perfect Wife|Consider this a one-thousand horsepower divorce, sweetheart
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The affair seems absurdly trifling, and yet I dare call nothing trivial when I reflect that some of my most classic cases have had the least promising commencement. You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
Maurice Blanchot, Infinite Conversation|Reading is ignorant. It begins with what it reads and in this way discovers the force of a beginning. It is receiving and hearing, not the power to decipher and analyze, to go beyond by developing or to go back by laying bare; it does not comprehend (strictly speaking), it attends. A marvelous innocence.
Anna Deavere Smith|This is your heritage,' he said, as if from this dance we could know about his own childhood, about the flavor and grit of tenement buildings in Spanish Harlem, and projects in Red Hook, and dance halls, and city parks, and about his own Paps, how he beat him, how he taught him to dance, as if we could hear Spanish in his movements, as if Puerto Rico was a man in a bathrobe, grabbing another beer from the fridge and raising it to drink, his head back, still dancing, still steeping and snapping perfectly in time.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is good! It is only our thoughts, choices and actions towards the situations we meet in life each moment of time that makes life look bad! The same bad situation in life that makes one person think badly inspires another to do a noble thing! The same good situation in life that makes one person feel so good to get into a bad situation inspires another person to create another good situation because of the good situation. It is all about thoughts, choices and actions! Life is good! Live it well!
Candi Kay, Blake the Rogue Reindeer & His Cocky Human|Best and happiest of all, the Time before him was his own, to make amends in!‘I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future!’ Scrooge repeated, as he scrambled out of bed. ‘The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me. Oh Jacob Marley! Heaven, and the Christmas Time be praised for this.’” “Scrooge was better than his word. He did it all, and infinitely more; and to Tiny Tim, who did not die, he was a second father. He became as good a friend, as good a master, and as good a man, as the good old city knew, or any other good old city, town, or borough, in the good old world. Some people laughed to see the alteration in him, but he let them laugh, and little heeded them; for he was wise enough to know that nothing ever happened on this globe, for good, at which some people did not have their fill of laughter in the outset.”  “And it was always said of him, that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge. May that be truly said of us, and all of us!
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Palace of Illusions|I am buoyant and expansive and uncontainable--but I always was so, only I never knew it!
Kourtney Kardashian|I'm probably the least harsh on myself, and I try not to scrutinize everything about my body. As a new mom, it is what it is, and we just have to do our best.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If people listen to music and dance every day, they find happiness and sacred solutions to any problem.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|So what's it to be, Bear?"Dev lifted his leg and gave a sarcastic slap to his thigh."By golly, I'll take door number two, Bob. You know the one that calls for straight suicide with a side of mutilation and pain? Sign my hairy ass up for that and don't be late.
Amy Lane|Green heard her voice, murmuring,and Adrian’s, murmuring back. Something inside of him made an actualglass-cracking noise—and before he could convince himself that that it washis imagination, Blissa and three of the other nymphs danced through thehallway and into the living room.“We heard that.” Blissa said, sweetly.“Heard what?” He asked, genuinely surprised.“Heard your heart breaking.” Said Grace.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|I think it's something like Mr. Peter Sloane and the octogenarians. The other evening Mrs. Sloane was reading a newspaper ans she said to Mr. Sloane 'I see here that another octogenarian has just died. What is an Octogenarian, Peter?' And Mr. Sloane said he didn't know, but they must be very sickly creatures, for you never heard tell of them but they were dying.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Consequence|The endless ocean was his sole companion , and on some deeply sentimental level, it seemed sufficient. Almost apt. He aligned himself with Thoreau and Tolstoy, he felt like their peers. The kinship with nature devoted humans to a mythical state, a heightened persona beyond the reach of mere mortals. At least that was what he told himself on the lonely nights when insomnia played on his fears and the howling wind pierced through his soul.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|Plus, how can she be your soul mate? Didn't you tell me she'd never read Harry Potter? Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone like that? I mean, for God's sake, think of your children. What kind of environment would they be growing up in with such a mother?
Dianna Hardy, Summer's End|...we're not eighteen anymore. We've lived. We've created things that last – things of joy, and things of burden.
Don Roff|I write fiction. It may have mystery, it may have horror, it may have fantasy, it may have love, but like life, it's all the same genre.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|I hope you find true meaning, contentment, and passion in your life. I hope you navigate the difficult times and come out with greater strength and resolve. I hope you find whatever balance you seek with your eyes wide open. And I hope that you - yes, you - have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world. Because the world needs you to change it.
John Geiger|Today you are encouraged to start tuning in to your inner voice. Nothing will bring you down quicker than berating yourself. The words you speak to yourself have a major impact on your mood and your perception. One of the major reasons we fail is due to self-doubt and negative self-talk. The way to overcome negative thoughts and destructive emotions is to develop opposing, positive emotions that are stronger and more powerful. Listen to your self-talk and replace negative thoughts with positive ones. And over time you will change the trajectory of your life.
Debasish Mridha|Life is so short, no time to spare, so choose carefully, love intensely and live blissfully.
Andy Grammer|My first big job was an Abercrombie &Fitch campaign. But my mom wouldn't let me skip school for it, so I missed half of the shoot. When we got there, we realized Bruce Weber was the photographer; we knew we had made a mistake!
Deyth Banger, Notes Of A Dead Man Sequel|The brain is heavily influenced by genes. But from birth through young adulthood, the part of the human brain that most defines us (frontal cortex) is less a product of the genes with which you started life than of what life has thrown at you. Because it is the least constrained by genes and most sculpted by experience. This must be so, to be the supremely complex social species that we are. Ironically, it seems that the genetic program of human brain development has evolved to, as much as possible, free the frontal cortext from genes.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|In its failure to value differences in the way people learn, the educational process often suppresses intuition, creativity, and your sense of identity.
S.B. Redd, Warped Intentions|You know, in everyone’s life you go through just trying to learn what one times one is—one times one equals one.
John Irving, A Widow for One Year|Of course, if I write a first-person novel about a woman writer, I am inviting every book reviewer to apply the autobiographical label -- to conclude that I am writing about myself. But one must never not write a certain kind of novel out of fear of what the reaction to it will be.
W.H. Auden, The Sea and the Mirror|All the rest is silenceOn the other side of the wall;And the silence ripeness,And the ripeness all.
Morgan Dragonwillow|When the words have been said and the music has been played, feelings are the only form of art which will remain to reign. (Soar)
Jenny Nordberg, The Underground Girls of Kabul|Dancing falls into the same category as poetry for a woman – it equals dreaming, which may inspire thoughts about such banned topics as love and desire.
Stan Ellis, The Chrysopoeia Revelation: Become the Difference|Become the difference you want to make," and the heart of your mind will feel what the mind of your heart knows.
Deyth Banger|When I die it will be game over,... but I know one life is short, to be selfish is not the best decision, to make an incrediable self-image is the best.
Bonnie Greer, A Parallel Life|Vaheguru, forgive me, but a woman must choose the wisdom of lies over the dangers of truth.
Loren Eiseley|Once upon a time, there was a wise man who used to go to the ocean to do his writing. He had a habit of walking on the beach before he began his work.One day, as he was walking along the shore, he looked down the beach and saw a human figure moving like a dancer. He smiled to himself at the thought of someone who would dance to the day, and so, he walked faster to catch up.As he got closer, he noticed that the figure was that of a young man, and that what he was doing was not dancing at all. The young man was reaching down to the shore, picking up small objects, and throwing them into the ocean.He came closer still and called out "Good morning! May I ask what it is that you are doing?"The young man paused, looked up, and replied "Throwing starfish into the ocean.""I must ask, then, why are you throwing starfish into the ocean?" asked the somewhat startled wise man.To this, the young man replied, "The sun is up and the tide is going out. If I don't throw them in, they'll die."Upon hearing this, the wise man commented, "But, young man, do you not realize that there are miles and miles of beach and there are starfish all along every mile? You can't possibly make a difference!"At this, the young man bent down, picked up yet another starfish, and threw it into the ocean. As it met the water, he said, "It made a difference for that one.
Jean Racine, Phèdre|Présente je vous fuis; absente, je vous trouve;Dans le fond des forêts votre image me suit
Rodney Atkins|Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins.
Melissa Etheridge|We are all human beings, immigrant or non-immigrant. We all feel fear. We all love and become confused when we don't act as well as we would like to. We all get depressed and have feelings of uselessness. All of these things are true and have always been true.
Eugene Thacker, Cosmic Pessimism|The logic of pessimism moves through three refusals: a no-saying to the worst (refusal of the world-for-us, or Schopenhauer’s tears); a yes-saying to the worst (refusal of the world-in-itself, or Nietzsche’s laughter); and a no-saying to the for-us and the in-itself (a double refusal, or Cioran’s sleep).Crying, laughing, sleeping—what other responses are adequate to a life that is so indifferent?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are too busy to love, you are too busy to live; if you are too busy to live, you are too busy to love.
Francis Bacon|Great art is always a way of concentrating, reinventing what is called fact, what we know of our existence- a reconcentration… tearing away the veils, the attitudes people acquire of their time and earlier time. Really good artists tear down those veils
Joanna Russ, On Strike Against God|(Ezekial saw the wheel(Way up in the middle of the air --(O Ezekial saw the wheel(Way in the middle of the air!(Now the big wheel runs by faith(And the little wheel runs by the grace of God --(The above made up by professional hope experts, you might say, because willful, voluntary, intentional hope was the only kind they had in anything like long supply. Faith is not, contrary to the usual ideas, something that turns out to be right or wrong, like a gambler's bet; it's an act, an intention, a project, something that makes you, in leaping into the future, go so far, far, far ahead that you shoot clean out of Time and right into Eternity, which is not the end of time or a whole lot of time or unending time, but timelessness, that old Eternal Now. So that you end up living not in the future ((in your intentional "act of faith")) but in the present. After all. hope.)
Winona Ryder|Sometimes I do movies that aren't any good, or sometimes I might not be any good in them, or sometimes they don't do very well.
Randy S. Woodley|Injustice is a cold, unrelenting reality. It can be tempting for us to use our comfort to ignore injustice or rationalize it away. But God would have us join His work.
Carolyn Ainscough, Breaking Free: Help For Survivors Of Child Sexual Abuse|Why Does He Do That? That's the number one question, isn't it? Maybe it's his drinking, you say. Maybe it's his learning disabilities. It's his job; he hates it. He's stressed. I think he's bipolar. It's his mother's fault; she spoiled him rotten. It's the drugs. If only he didn't use. It's his temper. He's selfish. It's the pornography; he's obsessed. 	The list could go on and on. You could spend many years trying to pinpoint it and never get a definite answer. The fact is, many people have these problems and they aren't abusive. Just because someone is an alcoholic doesn't mean he is abusive. Men hate their jobs all the time and aren't abusive. Bipolar? Okay. Stressed? Who isn't! Do you see where I am going with this? 	Off the subject a bit, when someone commits a violent crime, they always report in the news about his possible motive. As human beings, we need to somehow make sense of things. If someone murders someone, do you think it makes the family of the victim feel better to know the murderer's motive? No. Except for self-defense, there really is no excuse for murder. Motive, if there is any, is irrelevant. 	The same is true of abuse. You could spend your whole life going round and round trying to figure out why. The truth is, the why doesn't matter. There are only two reasons why men commit abuse—because they want to do so and because they can. 	You want to know why. In many ways, you might feel like you need to know. But, if you could come up with a reason or a motive, it wouldn't help you. Maybe you believe that if you did this or that differently, he wouldn't have abused you. That is faulty thinking and won't help you get better. You didn't do anything to cause the abuse. No matter what you said, no matter what you did, you didn't deserve to be abused. 	You are the victim and it won't help you to know why he supposedly abused you. No matter what his reason, there is no excuse for abuse. You are not to blame.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|As the lines on the palm and forehead … turned darker and thicker, as he matured along the highs and lows of life-wave, the hazy and blurred phrases shook off the dust of time and dried the moisture of pain, thus being vivid like an image on a carved glass. The incidences in his life ahead sharpened the blunt edges of diamond and the hitherto blurred prophecies found meaning… found reflection… like that in a mirror.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|As your lover describes you, so you are.
Nolan R. Baum, Dream Big Live Bigger: How to Change Your Life into a Success Story|I'd say that people give up because they don't know the possibilities that are out there for them, nor do they realize their potential.
Samuel Butler|Knowledge about the economy, ideas about capitalism and government, the future of the world and geopolitics were things I was never really interested in.
C.G. Jung|The dream is the small hidden door in the deepest and most intimate sanctum of the soul, which opens to that primeval cosmic night that was soul long before there was conscious ego and will be soul far beyond what a conscious ego could ever reach.
J.D. Robb, Kindred in Death|It’s…The only way I can get on with my life is by forgetting what went on before. Dave used to tell me that I didn’t have control over what the bastard of my father did to me, and that he’d been punished for it, and I might as well concentrate on the rest of my life, because over that…I had some control and I could decide what to do. I could change it over; I could become anything I wanted if I just tried hard enough.
Lady Gaga|Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|Complexity demands resilience, and that's what panarchy offers. Resilience in the face of complexity is a challenge even when you apply rigorous intelligence and integrity to develop a coherent and flexible strategy.
Joshua Harris, Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship|During courtship, guarding each other's purity and refraining from intimacy are the acts of lovemaking.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|My parents danced together, her head on his chest. Both had their eyes closed. They seemed so perfectly content. If you can find someone like that, someone who you can hold and close your eyes to the world with, then you're lucky. Even if it only lasts for a minute or a day. The image of them gently swaying to the music is how I picture love in my mind even after all these years.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|My dear young lady, when you are in love, and jealous, and have been flogged by the Inquisition, there's no knowing what you may do.
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|Having a date with someone other than your ex-wife after being a married man for more than twenty five years was an important occasion alright, but wearing a tie she bought with such strong emotional value attached to it was a form of cowardice, a subconscious reluctance to let go.
Laura Frantz, Moonbow Night|Alexandra took the rose and lifted it to her face. The fragrance was intoxicating and the soft petals tickled her lips, as they must have done Benedict’s. It was as if he had kissed her. A shiver of delight caressed her body and she felt the warmth of a blush on her throat and cheeks.
Chang-rae Lee, On Such a Full Sea|For no matter the shadows of an age, the picture of a young couple in love, we are told, speaks most luminously of the future, as the span of that passion makes us believe we can overleap any walls, obliterate whatever obstacles.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|Lenny’s face was smiling, too. For a minute they were both ten years old. Time travel in real life.
Piet Hein|PRAYER to the sun above the clouds.Sun that givest all things birth,shine on everything on earth!If that's too much to demand,shine at least on this our land.If even that's too much for thee,shine at any rate on me.
Joyce Rachelle|Some read to learn, some to laugh, and some to live.
John Connolly, The Infernals|The king should act with promptitude, for without promptitude of action mere destiny never accomplishes the objects cherished by kings. The question for whether it is the king that makes the age or the age that makes the king, the king should entertain no doubt. It is the king that makes the age.
T.S Eliot|Because I came to seeThat I should never have been a first-rate potter.I didn't have it in me. It's strange, isn't it, That a man should have a consuming passion To do something for which he lacks the capacity? Could a man be said to have a vocation To be a second-rate potter? To be, at best,A competent copier, possessed by the cravingTo create, when one is wholly uncreative?I don't think so. For I came to see, That I had always known, at the secret moments,That I didn't have it in me. There are occasionsWhen I am transported- a different person,Transfigured in the vision of some marvellous creation,And I feel what the man must have felt when he made it.But nothing I made ever gave me that contentment-That state of utter exhaustion and peaceWhich comes in dying to give something life...
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|Leaders lead when they take positions, when they connect with their tribes, and when they help the tribe connect to itself.
Justice Mark Tsaro Igbara|In the end, only you can care about you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I wish the hearts of human beings pumped with kind desires.I wish every gaze landed on the eyes of others compassionately.I wish hatred, envy, and vengeance were alien concepts to humankind.I wish the precious worth of every soul was universally understood.
Alain de Botton|The materialistic view of happiness of our age starkly revealed in our understanding of the word "luxury.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|I tried to explain as much as I could," Poppet says. "I think I made an analogy about cake.""Well, that must have worked," Widget says. "Who doesn't like a good cake analogy?
Nikki Rowe|Until I find a home in a human, art has my heart.
Ambrose Bierce|acquaintance, n.: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Well, speaking as a feminist, I'm glad that women can lead--uh, groups of unspeakable magical evil.""Yes," Alan said gravely. "It'd be shoking if the evil magicians were sexist. For one thing, that would mean they were stupid, and having stupid enemies would be a terrible blow to my manly pride.
Daya Kudari|Weeping for the dead's a waste of breath -they're lucky, they can't die again.
Duinkie Tracey Ncitha|Let's not just reach for the stars, but become the stars everyone reaches for.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|A leader’s goal is to improve on upon the past and if your goal is to remain where you are, doing the same things you have done times and times again, you can’t lead.
Juan Felipe Herrera|San Diego shaped me a lot. The visual landscapes, the emotional panoramas, the teachers and mentors I had from the third grade through San Diego High - it's all a big part of the poetry fountain that I continue to drink from.
Dan Pearce|I promise you it doesn’t matter what you believe, how strongly you live your beliefs, or how true your beliefs are. Somebody else, somewhere, thinks you are in the wrong. Somebody else, somewhere, thinks your beliefs are senseless or illogical. Somebody else, somewhere, thinks you have it all wrong. In fact, there are a lot of people in this world who do.
Jessica Khoury, Origin|He laughs. "No! Aguaje is for girls. If a man eats to much of it, he starts to look like a woman.""That is the most unscientific thing I've ever heard.""Then you haven't met my cousin Jacari." Eio swings the string of fruit back and forth. " Too much aguaje. Now the mothers use him as wet nurse."My mouth freezes in mid-bite, and I stare at him. "You're teasing me."A smile tugs at the corner of his mouth. "Maybe.
Deyth Banger|OFF, OFF for god sake it doesn't real touches me your problems. Have them I don't care, I'm just here to try to feel happy and to try to be out of the world with the problems... so be good person and live me alone. (Thanks!)
Murray Bookchin, Post-Scarcity Anarchism|...new discoveries show that American soldiers used the swastika as their symbol early in World War I, and up to 1941, against Germany. The symbol was used by Americans in the French Escadrille Lafayette, by the 45th Infantry Division, and on Boeing P-12 planes. The discoveries are in the growing body of work by the historian Dr. Rex Curry (author of 'Swastika Secrets'). He has previously shown how socialists in the USA originated the modern swastika as overlapping 'S' letters for 'Socialists' joining together in a utopian 'Socialist Society.
Vijender Singh|I work out like a maniac, three times more than anything I did in the past. I am off carbs, salt, sweets, and live on a fish diet. And I promise I am not going to indulge in food again. See, when I was 49 years old, I was fine, but the moment I touched 50, I felt that something within me had changed drastically. My metabolic rate dropped.
Ash Gray, The Seaglass Stair|:I am Topaz,: the unicorn on the hill haughtily announced, :and this is my vale.:	:I was not aware unicorns could own vales,: Wareska linked. 	The unicorn stiffened, and even from this distance, Wareska could see her bright, golden eyes narrow dangerously. :Now you know,: she said with quiet menace.
Tig Notaro|Sometimes you can take those dramatic roles and maybe interject a little humor into them, and I think the reverse also works.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Intelligence and wisdom are certainly compatible, however they are rarely seen in each other’s company.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|Right and wrong are superstitions; your desires, however, are real. Those who cannot achieve their desires, or who despair of doing so, often compensate by constructing imaginary frameworks. For example, if you wish to live in a world in which no one exploits animals, it is moralism to judge those who eat meat immoral instead of setting about disabling the animal exploitation industry. People retreat into moralism as a sort of consolation prize, for it is easier to rule in the realm of good and evil, fictitious as it may be, than to come to terms with our limited leverage upon this world and yet persist in endeavoring to change it.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Distract yourself, that's what Margaret always told him. When you start getting anxious, give your mind something else to think about. He had become an expert at distracting himself. He had distracted himself so much, he found himself drowning in distractions, and all the little details in the world seemed to join up together in his head and make a whole new problem to worry about.
Samantha LaFantasie, Masters of Time: A Science Fiction and Fantasy Time Travel Anthology|The chaos and the confusion of all possible outcomes penetrated every pixel of computer generated light, and the waves of all sub-existential normality flooded by, creating an atmosphere of peaceful eventuality. I felt that a gradual restoration was in place, and that piece by piece, universes were being reformed and restored.
Colum McCann, Zoli|If a storyteller worried about the facts - my dear Lucian, how could he ever get at the truth?
Maria Semple|Boredom is that agitated space between relaxation and action; dialed down, it can become a pleasant kind of inertia or a meditative stillness, where it feels good to sit quietly with your own thoughts; cranked up a notch, it can produce creative release. But that middle place is the boredom itself – restlessness with no movement. A dull and desperate longing for something else. From Catastrophic Happiness.
Nikki Rowe|Upon first glance I felt a sense of familiarity with you. Like we had been down this road a thousand times before, why I felt this with a complete stranger I am yet to know but I trust further down the road our chance meeting will make perfect sense.
J.K. Rowling|An extraordinary lightness seemed to spread through his whole body and the next second, in a rush of wings, they were flying upward through the pipe. Harry could hear Lockhart dangling bellow him, saying, "Amazing! Amazing! This is just like magic!
Jo Nesbø, The Snowman|Perhaps that was a thing about attractive women: A rejection demanded their respect, made them trust you more.
Joseph de Maistre, The Executioner|Only when holiness and worship meet can evil be conquered. For that, only the Christian message has the answer.
Arthur Conan Doyle|...it is only when a man goes out into the world with the thought that there are heroisms all round him, and with the desire all alive in his heart to follow any which may come within sight of him, that he breaks away... from the life he knows, and ventures forth into the wonderful mystic twilight land where lie the great adventures and the great rewards.
Derric Yuh Ndim|My view is that, if you think that money brings problems, you have a problem with money. The money itself is innocent.
Sally Bedell Smith, Grace and Power: The Private World of the Kennedy White House|Asked to explain how he became a war hero he (Kennedy) responded, "It was involuntary. They think my boat.
Heena Rathore P.|It's a difficult path that we tread, us Indie self-publishers, but we're not alone. How many bands practicing in their dad’s garage have heard of a group from the neighbourhood who got signed by a recording company? Or how many artists who love to paint, but are not really getting anywhere with it hear of someone they went to art school with being offered an exhibition in a gallery? How many chefs who love to get creative around food hear of someone else who’s just landed a job with Marco Pierre White? There’s no difference between us and them. There is, however, a huge difference in how everyone else perceives the writer. And there’s a huge difference between all of us – the writers, the musicians, the composers, the chefs, the dance choreographers and to a certain extent the tradesmen - and the rest of society in that no one understands us. It’s a wretched dream to hope that our creativity gets recognised while our family thinks we’re wasting our time when the lawn needs mowing, the deck needs painting and the bedroom needs decorating. It’s acceptable to go into the garage to tinker about with a motorbike, but it’s a waste of a good Sunday afternoon if you go into the garage and practice your guitar, or sit in your study attempting to capture words that have been floating around your brain forever.
Avijeet Das|Your Eyes, they talk to the Soul!
Louis L'Amour|It is brutal. Only I never could see the sense in having folks look at your tombstone and say, 'He was a man who didn't believe in violence, He's a good man... and dead.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He who doesn’t believe that God can do everything believes in a god who can do something! He who knows that God is all does all things because of God, no matter what!
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Often, we melt into our ecstasies as though they were jams, as though we were sinking into syrupy bowls of gooseberries, of raspberries, of bilberries.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|Yet, it had been Dimitri’s gentleness and thoughtfulness mixed with that deadliness that made him so wonderful. The same hands that wielded stakes with such precision would carefully brush the hair out of my face. The eyes that could astutely spot any danger in the area would regard me wonderingly and worshipfully, like I was the most beautiful and amazing woman in the world.
Francis A. Schaeffer|This is why we apply the LCD Principle or Lowest Common Democracy. In short, this is social interaction based not on the best possible good, but on the least possible offense. Without saying so, the parties involved have entered into the following arrangement: What is the least we can all agree on and still get along? Of course, you can see this means no one is pleased.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|But I think that because they trusted themselves and respected themselves as individuals, because they knew beyond doubt that they were valuable and potentially moral units -- because of this they could give God their own courage and dignity and then receive it back. Such things have disappeared perhaps because men do not trust themselves anymore, and when that happens there is nothing left except perhaps to find some strong sure man, even though he may be wrong, and to dangle from his coattails.
Tennessee Williams|You can be young without money, but you can't be old without it.
Thomas Paine|If you desire faith, then you have faith enough.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In the absence of self-control, this primordial nature of the limbic brain often compels the mind to give in to evils of corruption.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest Yo Mama Dirty Jokes: Yo Mama Funny, Dirty, Filthy Joke Book For Adults - Uncensored edition|Yo Mama's like mustard, she spreads easy.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|To know your purpose, you have to find yourself
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|There is too much emphasis on being positive, to the detriment of being real.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|Her fine high forehead sloped gently up to where her hair, bordering it like an armorial shield, burst into lovelocks and waves and curlicues of ash blonde and gold. Her eyes were bright, big, clear, wet and shining, the colour of her cheeks was real, breaking close to the surface from the strong young pump of her heart. Her body hovered delicately on the last edge of childhood -- she was almost eighteen, nearly complete, but the dew was still on her.
Sarah Tregay, Love and Leftovers|Your arms ache to hold someone -- you move in slow motion from one hug to the nextso you won't jostle the warm feeling off your shouldersbefore the next hug comes your way.Your heart feels hollow -- that emptiness screams like an addiction to be filledeven if it means doing hurtful, selfish thingsto get a fix."I understand,"I tell him. "BecauseI've been lonely, too.
|No matter what your religion is, be sure that it teaches you to treat other people as you would expect them to treat you in return. There is a great joy in peace and unity.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|If the married life possess love and virtue, these will be both its duty and reward
Andrea Waltz, Onyx Webb: Book Six: Episodes 16, 17, 18|As long as you have a beating heart, it's never too late. But you do need to get on with it [. . .] every second you squander is an affront to an unforgiving universe.
Lynn Schooler, Walking Home: A Traveler in the Alaskan Wilderness, a Journey into the Human Heart|As a child I first became aware that my existence had a purpose when I realized men lusted after me. And that's why I will lust forever after men. Before I even began to worry about homework or any of those school things, I began having secret liaisons with men. And it is men who give me the proof I need now to feel I'm alive.
Lydia Davis|In the past, humans hesitated when they took lives, even non-human lives. But society had changed, and they no longer felt that way. As humans grew stronger, I think that we became quite arrogant, losing the sorrow of 'we have no other choice.' I think that in the essence of human civilization, we have the desire to become rich without limit, by taking the lives of other creatures.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If your words touch the hearts, that’s good; if your words touch the minds, that’s better and if your words touch both the hearts and the minds, that is the best!
Debasish Mridha|Urgency fills our life with stress and anxiety. but slowness, simplicity, and love fill our life with beauty and happiness.
Andrea Dworkin|The object, the woman, goes out into the world formed as men have formed her to be used as men wish to use her. She is then a provocation. The object provokes its use. It provokes its usebecause of its form, determined by the one who is provoked. The carpenter makes a chair, sits on it, then blames the chair because heis not standing. When the object complains about the use to which she is put, she is told, simply and firmly, not to provoke.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|2NOTES“You broke your other appointment, didn’t you?”“I did not! I told you on the phone—these people canceled at the last minute—”“Oh, Geo dear, come off it! You know, I sometimes think, about you, whenever you do something really sweet, you’re ashamed of it afterwords! You knew jolly well how badly I needed you tonight, so you broke that appointment. I could tell you were fibbing, the minute you opened your mouth! You and I can’t pull the wool over each other’s eyes. I found that out, long ago. Haven’t you—after all these years?”“I certainly should have,” he agrees, smiling and thinking what an absurd and universally accepted bit of nonsense it is that your best friends must necessarily be the ones who best understand you.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|Life," Garp wrote, "is sadly not structured like a good old-fashioned novel. Instead an end occurs when those who are meant to peter out have petered out. All that is left is memory. But even a nihilist has memory.
James K. Morrow, The Last Witchfinder|I must do whatever I can to find the best partners possible." "Did you kick their butts?" He frowned. "The buttocks are among the least sensitive places to hit someone." I laughed. "It's a figure of speech." "To kick butts. Interesting.
Olaf Stapledon, Odd John|With characteristic lack of false modesty, John once said to me, "My looks are a rough test of people. If they don't begin to see me beautiful when they have had a chance to learn, I know they're dead inside, and dangerous.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Make no mistake. The greatest destroyer of ecology. The greatest source of waste, depletion and pollution. The greatest purveyor of violence, war, crime, poverty, animal abuse and inhumanity. The greatest generator of personal and social neurosis, mental disorders, depression, anxiety. Not to mention the greatest source of social paralysis, stopping us from moving into new methodologies for personal health, global sustainability and progress on this planet, is not some corrupt government or legislation.Not some rogue corporation or banking cartel.Not some flaw of human nature and not some secret cabal that controls the world.It is the socioeconomic system itself at its very foundation.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|COURAGE is the only currency; more you spend, richer you become; by earning the RESPECT.
honeya|Not necessary that every problem has a solution, you have to live with 'some' problems..rather than forcing a solution and doing a blunder, live with it.. People always have solutions for 'your' problems but none for their own..
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, Vol 2|One would expect boredom to be a great yawning emotion, but it isn't, of course. It's a small niggling thing.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Day n night passing by,No tribute, we cannot deny,We did to world's problems so deep,Not a single sign, to take the leap.Senseless striving for some unknown glory,Too patiently awaiting time for our story.Still haven't spot that light,That make us seem calm n bright.How to ensure tis time-being,Is not in vain, but commencement of freeing.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|There are two sides to the life of every man: there is his individual existence which is free in proportion as his interests are abstract; and his elemental life as a unit in the human swarm, in which he must inevitably obey the laws laid down for him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Great God, Great faith.Great faith, Great spirit.Great spirit, Great soul.Great soul, great life.Great life, great deeds.Great deeds, great blessings.
Beth Ann Fennelly|The signature of our eyes, in other words, the way we look never changes even at the age of hundred!
Martin Heidegger|Thinking only begins at the point where we have come to know that Reason, glorified for centuries, is the most obstinate adversary of thinking.
M.K. Bhutta|The master action to move forward, is a form of inaction; being still and quiet.
Haim G. Ginott|I didn’t know how I could live with that knowledge, without it eating me up, without it poisoning every happy memory I had of growing up. Without it ruining everything Beck and I had.I didn’t understand how someone could be both God and the devil. How the same person could destroy you and save you. When everything I was, good and bad, was knotted with threads of his making, how was I supposed to know whether to love or hate him?
William Shakespeare, Henry VIII|We all are men, in our own natures frail, and capable of our flesh; few are angels.
Jay Parini|I had this desire to see the world. I couldn't see any of it, but I saw it in my imagination, and that's why I always read books, and I could go to Mars or Middle Earth or the Hyborian age.
Elizabeth Scott, Perfect You|Please. If you were mostly dead in the middle of the road I'd obviously stop. And then I'd watch you die."Kate to Will
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|I do not know what inspires the image of a fish but it comes to me, wide eyed, open mouthed and gaping, glimmering, swimming towards me as though a creature of the darkness come to claim me. I imagine it in a twinkling blue pool. It swims through the dark currents of the sea, gliding above sea weed, beneath sunlight, augmenting and shying away from the surface. It belongs to this element between land and sky, sifts through it, a creature of the deep. My mind drifts, fades, but then comes back to the fish: its glimmering scales, its strange beady eyes. Its body is contained within the water. It opens its mouth, moving it open and closed as though it’s trying to speak a language I never learned. I think about the fish’s lungs, full of water. Is not the sea contained within the fish, too?
Adam Kovacevic|The technique of tredding the success path is making a single step, and if you are kinda afraid to throw the second leg, hire divinity to pull you along.
Woody Allen|One must have one's delusions to live. If you look at life too honestly and clearly, life becomes unbearable because it's a pretty grim enterprise, you will admit.
Charles Darwin, Voyage of the Beagle|There are several other sources of enjoyment in a long voyage, which are of a more reasonable nature. The map of the world ceases to be a blank; it becomes a picture full of the most varied and animated figures. Each part assumes its proper dimensions: continents are not looked at in the light of islands, or islands considered as mere specks, which are, in truth, larger than many kingdoms of Europe. Africa, or North and South America, are well-sounding names, and easily pronounced; but it is not until having sailed for weeks along small portions of their shores, that one is thoroughly convinced what vast spaces on our immense world these names imply.
Chris Salamone|If only he could convince her, his dream would be within reach.
David Archuleta, Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul, Song and the Power of Perseverance|Sometimes when you least expect it, the tables turn and that scary feeling that has taken hold of you for so long somehow turns into hope
Carter G. Woodson, The Mis-Education of the Negro|Philosophers have long conceded, however, that every man has two educators: 'that which is given to him, and the other that which he gives himself. Of the two kinds the latter is by far the more desirable. Indeed all that is most worthy in man he must work out and conquer for himself. It is that which constitutes our real and best nourishment. What we are merely taught seldom nourishes the mind like that which we teach ourselves.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|Working with heart, then enjoy our time.
Janice Cantore, Visible Threat|God made man, but man made the society we live in.
Tsitsi Dangarembga, Nervous Conditions|It’s bad enough . . . when a country gets colonized, but when the people do as well! That’s the end, really, that’s the end.
Syed Arshad|You get one chance.You get to do this thing one time and you don’t even know when it goes from swirling forward and around and around in circles to just a plain cold stop and nothing more. Can you believe it? All this time I’ve spent weighing this and weighing that, worrying about this and worrying about that, living back then and living forward, caring about what so-and-so thinks and about so-and-so, too, but never living here, here, this moment here. Never even acknowledging that this moment even exists, and it hits me, like a live volt through the chest.This moment here.This is all you get.Before you are part of the sky
Algernon Blackwood, Best Ghost Stories of Algernon Blackwood|Sorry, but at first yeah all lie, but you forgot to say that the truth comes from the lies. (Especially for GreenHollyWood)
Nalini Singh, Caressed by Ice|Where did you get the control sample?" A flash of dark heat raced through him and he knew himself well enough to identify it as a dose of pure jealousy. "From Tamsyn." A pause, as if she was debating whether to continue. "I know you'd react negatively if I approached a make. You're... possessive." "Sugar, I'm way past possessive." His voice was no longer fully human.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Amazing how money would simplify problems like ours. We wouldn't go wild at all, but write & travel & study all of our lives - which I hope we do anyway. And have a house apart, by the side of no road, with country about & a study & walls of bookcases.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|...I always took the rearmost seat in the classroom - it gave me a good view of things. And I must confess, the location taught me more about human nature and justice than could be learned from the professors' lectures.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All things want to float as light as air through the world witnessing all that is. I am a mote of dust floating freely in the firmament, a person who merely is, and I feel full of joy for all worldly treasures, the immaculate gift of life.
Lee Spetner|It is essential for genetic material to be able to make exact copies of itself; otherwise growth would produce disorder, life could not originate, and favourable forms would not be perpetuated by natural selection.
Laurell K. Hamilton|It's not respectable,' she said. And when people say that, it's no useanyone's saying anything.
Mary Stevenson|The Lord replied, "The years when you have seen only one set of footprints, my child, is when I carried you.
Julia Crane, Coexist|Kissing is something that makes up for a whole lot of the other crap you have to put up with in school, and as a teenager in general
Simon Skiles, On Being Unicorn|I have watched for as long as stars existed, and only lived a short time. I am not as old as you, and ageless. You are family, beyond words, beyond song, you are mine and I am yours.
Rebecca Johns, The Countess|Torka extended a conciliatory hand and laid it upon the old man’s shoulder. “Umak, Manaravak, Dak, and Tankh and Chuk will walk at my side. We will miss your strength, courage, and wisdom, but a man in possession of these qualities is needed here”.They left Grek standing at the edge of camp with his spear in hand and his pack frame on his back. As Torka walked on without looking back he wondered if he had ever done anything in his life as difficult as that.”You had no choice.” Umak came to walk beside him with Dak and Companion at his side. Manaravak and the two boys trotted on ahead.Torka eyed Dak and Umak without slowing his step. “Do you two imagine that you will never be old?”Dak replied with his usual curtness. “When I am old, I will have sense enough to know when it is time to step aside and let younger men take my place on the hunt”."It would seem the best thing to do,” Torka agreed. “But will you know when you are old? Or will your years sneak up on you like hunters tracking caribou… one after the other, each looking just the same until the stalking cloaks fall away and the spears of truth come out to wound you… until one day you are a young man trapped and rattling around in an old man’s skin, still believing that your old bones can do all the things they once did in your youth and trying to prove it even if it kills you?
Debasish Mridha|I love you not because you are perfect, but because I find you inside myself.
Jan Cox Speas, My Lord Monleigh|When things go wrong, just do your best to make it through the day and you'll be okay in a short time.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Pretending is the fastest way to believing, and believing is the fastest way to receiving.
Frank Herbert|the meeting between ignorance and knowledge, between brutality and culture - it begins in the dignity with which we treat the dead
Augustine of Hippo|When it happens that I am more moved by the song than the thing which is sung, I confess that I sin in a manner deserving punishment
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|The word ‘pranayama’, often referred to as alternate breathing, comes from the Sanskrit meaning ‘extension of life force’ or ‘extension of breath’. At times, we are going to have days where we are bombarded with one task after another. This simple yet effective meditation only takes a couple of minutes and its calming qualities can be felt almost immediately. It is one of the easiest meditation techniques to apply. This practice is well worth applying at least three or four times a day (somewhere private) to develop emotional balance and evenness of mind, especially in the working environment.
Lisa Murkowski|Like the majority of Alaskans, I supported a constitutional amendment in 1998 defining marriage as only between a man and a woman, but my thinking has evolved as America has witnessed a clear cultural shift.
Titus Lucretius Carus|There is no murky pit of hell awaiting anyone ... Mind cannot arise alone without body, or apart from sinews and blood ... You must admit, therefore, that when then body has perished, there is an end also of the spirit diffused through it. It is surely crazy to couple a mortal object with an eternal...
Criss Jami, Healology|Initially, the God of the Old Testament might seem overwhelming and domineering to you, or tyrannical, or perhaps even evil, which is good. It is the first telling that God is indeed God, by sheer definition, and not some ear-tickling fairy by which one in his depravity is guaranteed to find another form of stale romanticism or love at first sight. For such a first impression as the latter would be problematic to the essence of Christianity. Therefore the Christians are right in saying that the nature of imperfect men cannot ultimately co-exist with the nature of a perfect God; and that the hope of each man is now desperately found in God's sending of Christ.
Marguerite Duras, The Lover|Time is not your enemy, forever is.
|There is no denial that all things are possible in life. But don't forget to take care of your health, because without it too many things would become impossible.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|Even more remote from his way of thinking, even more impossible than any other thought, would have been words such as this: “Is it only I alone who have created this experience, or is it objective reality? Does the Master have the same feelings as I, or would mine amuse him? Are my thoughts new, unique, my own, or have the Master and many before him experienced and thought exactly the same?” No, for him there were no such analyses and differentiations. Everything was reality, was steeped in reality, full of it as bread dough is of yeast.
James Dashner, The Kill Order|Which would be worse- to live as a monster, or to die as a free man?
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Even when you can't see, God is working it out. You should not be discouraged or give up hope. Keep the Faith! Your situation is not your destination. God will do what he promised, you just be ready
Lisa Kleypas, Suddenly You|Her eyes were glistening, but for some reason he couldn't reach out and touch her. It was like some gestures were so simple they were beyond him.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|So many sit around, waiting for superman, when in fact, Wonder Woman lies within.
Balroop Singh|A kind word sends vibes of love, if we are perceptive, if we know how love permeates and proliferates with this little gesture of giving.
Tom Junod, A profile of Mr Rogers|What is grace? I'm not certain; all I know is that my heart felt like a spike, and then, in that room, it opened and felt like an umbrella.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Listen to the trees talking in their sleep,' she whispered, as he lifted her to the ground. 'What nice dreams they must have!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Though we faced many trails, we do not lose hope. We are living by faith.
Alice Waters|The people are the only legitimate fountain of power, and it is from them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches of government hold their power, is derived.
Jennifer  Patterson, Queering Sexual Violence: Radical Voices from Within the Anti-Violence Movement|Sometimes it feels like my queerness was always there but I was too shell-shocked and splintered by violence to see it. When I finally did? It saved me. Opening up to my queerness saved me. Once I began to identify as queer, I began to require this dreaming and commitment to change from my partners. I define myself to claim myself, to foster a curated community of support
Alicia Deters, Fading Darkness|I felt him closing in on me. My insides twisted and my cheeks grew warmer with his approach as if I could feel the warmth of his shower radiating off him."All of a sudden, you're quiet and shy? You're not your usual pain in the ass self. I know you came here for a reason. What did you want to yell at me for this time?" he stopped just a few feet from me."Do you think you could put a shirt on? This is a business call, not the typical company you keep," I felt like I was chastising my shoes.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|Paul may be an excellent source for those interested in the early formation of Christianity, but he is a poor guide for uncovering the historical Jesus.
Daisaku Ikeda|People are chasing cash, not happiness. When you chase money, you're going to lose. You're just going to. Even if you get the money, you're not going to be happy.
Mac DeMarco|Someone asked me what the key to being a good frontman was, and I think having a sense of humor about it is pretty near the top of that list. It's a very strange place to be in, and I don't take that role too seriously.
Cornelia Otis Skinner|What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
Sarah Addison Allen|The most wonderful part of life is when your family becomes your friends, and your friends become your family.
David Eddings, Enchanters' End Game|I wouldn't do that," Silk advised. "Thinking about it isn't going to help, and it's only going to make you nervous.""Nervouser," Garion corrected. "I'm already nervous.""Is there such a word as "'nervouser'?" Silk asked Belgarath curiously. "There is now," Belgarath replied. "Garion just invented it.""I wish I could invent a word," Silk said admiringly to Garion.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|Oliver liked to play the part of disaffected youth, but he liked shopping in SoHo even more.
Taner Akçam, A Shameful Act: The Armenian Genocide and the Question of Turkish Responsibility|It takes a common thug to commit injustice, but it takes an exceptional thug to call it "social justice".
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the weather is summer in your mind, even the coldest winter will be hot for you! If the weather is winter in your mind, even the hottest summer will be cold for you!
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|It was February sixth: eight days until Valentine's Day. I was dateless, as usual, deep in the vice grip of unrequited love. It was bad enough not having a boyfriend for New Year's Eve. Now I had to cope with Valentine datelessness, feeling consummate social pressure from every retailer in America who stuck hearts and cupids in their windows by January second to rub it in.
Alexander Pope|Whether it's mending a failing company, fighting corruption, tackling disease, or rebuilding a marriage, the hardest problems defy just-add-water remedies. Indeed, slapping on a Band-Aid when surgery is needed usually just makes things worse.
Ken Scott|New Rule: The Napa Valley is Disneyland for alcoholics. Be honest, you're not visiting wineries in four days because you're an oenophile, you're doing it because you're a drunk. It's the only place in America where you can pass out in a stranger's house and it's okay, because it's a B&B and you paid for it.
Robert Anderson|The priesthood is a marriage. People often start by falling in love, and they go on for years without realizing that love must change into some other love which is so unlike it that it can hardly be recognized as love at all.
Tess Oliver, Camille|My mind argued with itself about whether to adhere to proper etiquette or whether to fling aside all modesty and throw my arms around him. My feet chose the latter before my mind had a chance to settle it. I flew off the stool and landed in his embrace. Freezing rain drenched his coat and shirt. His arms wrapped around me tighter, and there was nothing so right as being pressed against Nathaniel Strider.
Quetzal|My heart is broken; my spirit’s gone,I broke my lover’s heart, I made promises, I broke them all.The end was near, I’ve crossed to the other side,My heart is broken, my spirit’s gone,I made promises, I broke them all.
Ruta Sepetys, Out of the Easy|His plan in your life means his work in your hands, and you can be sure it is work he has chosen and gifted you to do.
Noam Chomsky, Class Warfare: Interviews with David Barsamian|A highway, a bridge, a navigable canal, for example, may in most cases be both made and maintained by a small toll upon the carriages which make use of them: a harbour, by moderate port-duty upon the tonnage of the shipping which load or unload in it. The coinage, another institution for facilitating commerce, in many countries, not only defrays its own expense, but affords a small revenue or seignorage to the sovereign. The post-office, another institution for the same purpose, over and above defraying its own expense, affords in almost all countries a very considerable revenue to the sovereign. When the carriages which pass over a highway or a bridge, and the lighters which sail upon a navigable canal, pay toll in proportion to their weight or their tonnage, they pay for the maintenance of those public works exactly in proportion to the wear and tear which they occasion of them. It seems scarce possible to invent a more equitable way of maintaining such works.
Auliq Ice|In the past, the starting point of my relationships was what Iwanted instead of what God wanted. I looked out for my needs andfit others into my agenda. Did I find fulfillment? No, I found onlycompromise and heartache. I not only hurt others; I also hurt myself,and most seriously, I sinned against God.
Dada Bhagwan|When the servants break the cups and saucers, a ‘puzzle’ arises within. Who really breaks the cups and saucers? Who runs this world? One does not know that and inbetween, the ‘guest’ (of this world) does worries.
Bob Ong|Nalaman kong habang lumalaki ka, maraming beses kang madadapa. Bumangon ka man ulit o hindi, magpapatuloy ang buhay, iikot ang mundo, at mauubos ang oras.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|A mother has the best of all smiles; she is a wonderful friend, lover and adviser.
Caitlin Doughty|If we ignore our death, we end up just going around completely oblivious to why we do the things we do!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not just exist, be fully awake.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|Looking at it, I started crying. Maybe it was knowing that I had to give up the fantasy, the enormous life consuming fantasy , that someone or something was going to do this for me – the fantasy that someone was coming to lead my life, to choose direction, to give me orgasms.
Thomas P. Campbell|When Tim Berners-Lee invented the computer code that led to the creation of the World Wide Web in 1990, he did not try to patent or charge fees for the use of his technology.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|In the beginning man was poor, then along came Cosmic Ordering.
William Steig, The Real Thief|He was able to love them again, but he loved them now in a wiser way, knowing their weakness.
Siva Vaidhyanathan|Real education happens only by failing, changing, challenging, and adjusting. All of those gerunds apply to teachers as well as students. No person is an “educator,” because education is not something one person does to another. Education is an imprecise process, a dance, and a collaborative experience.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|I entered the water as naked as when my mother bore me. When I first touched the cold water I felt a shudder go through me, then the shudder was transformed into a sensation of wakefulness.
Assegid Habtewold|No matter how big the risk will be, you're willing to do anything, to get what you want or save yourself.
Sheldon B. Kopp, If You Meet the Buddha on the Road, Kill Him: The Pilgrimage Of Psychotherapy Patients|Do you know, I think that of all your idiosyncrasies that choke you give, when you are determined not to laugh, is the one that most enchants me.
M. Starks, Aulay|Though people know the meaning of the word acceptance, people are ignorant about it. Thinking acceptance may hurt their self esteem.
A.J. Lape, Grade A Stupid|THERE WAS ALWAYS a boy in your life that common sense and the prayers of parents told you to stay away from: fast talker, fast car, and fast hands. He was the boy your father kept a loaded shotgun by the door for and met on the front porch if he ever thought about venturing onto his property…let alone the threshold. He was the tall, dark, mysteriously handsome, and uncharacter-istically quiet one that made you wonder what was going on in his head, and that little voice in your head said it wasn’t always so honorable. He was the boy you broke all of the rules over because bad-boys equaled excitement and the rebel in you liked the ride.
George Orwell, Why I Write|I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing unpleasant facts, and I felt that this created a sort of private world in which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Literary Agent: “I meant manuscript wise.”Tina: “Ohh. Um, yes. I’ve brought a few with me, just some rough drafts. (shuffle, shuffle) You might say something of an experiment.
Jennifer Handford, The Light of Hidden Flowers|You’ve gotta believe that the split second that changed your life—the brief moment that took your leg and bruised your melon—can’t be the defining moment of your life. It was just an instant, a flash. Just one second out of millions of seconds. It doesn’t get to own you.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Entrepreneurial Leadership is where your vision, influence and creativity converge; it is where opportunities become limitless and your capabilities boundless.
Emma Bunton|The mind is absolutely instrumental in achieving results, even for athletes. Sports psychology is a very small part, but it's extremely important when you're winning and losing races by hundredths and even thousandths of a second.
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|The basic religious idea in all patriarchal religions is the negation of the sexual needs. Only in very primitive religions were religiosity and sexuality identical. When social organization passed from matriarchy to patriarchy and class society, the unity of religious and sexual cult underwent a split; the religious cult became the antithesis of the sexual. With that, the cult of sexuality went out of existence. It was replaced by the brothel, pornography and backstairs-sexuality. It goes without saying that when sexual experiences ceased to be one with the religious cults, when, instead, they became antithetical to them, religious excitation assumed a new function: that of being a substitute for the lost sexual pleasure, now no longer affirmed by society. Only this contradiction inherent in religious excitation makes the strength and the tenacity of the religions understandable: the contradiction of its being at one and the same time antisexual and a substitute for sexuality.
Stephen Richards|If you want to make dough, do a bun dance.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Aim high, but do not aim so high that you totally miss the target. What really matters is that he will love you, that he will respect you, that he will honor you, that he will be absolutely true to you, that he will give you the freedom of expression and let you fly in the development of your own talents. He is not going to be perfect, but if he is kind and thoughtful, if he knows how to work and earn a living, if he is honest and full of faith, the chances are you will not go wrong, that you will be immensely happy.
Steven Rowley|Dogs are always good and full of selfless love. They are undiluted vessels of joy who never, ever deserve anything bad that happens to them.
Aspen Baker, Pro-Voice: How to Keep Listening When the World Wants a Fight|I want a future abortion conversation known for its openness, respect and empathy, so instead of generating more heat, anger and conflict, I practice pro-voice.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni|I've never wanted anybody to like me because I had long hair or short hair, or that they liked the way I dressed or they liked the way I dressed or they liked the way I smile.
Steve Chandler|When you unlock your pleasure, you unlock your power. And that can change anything..." -Sheerah, Donny and Ursula Save the World.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Any religion that cannot stand up to a modern scientific reasoning, and to rational proof, is asinine
Jennifer Lane, Streamline|Lose myself in your blueberry eyes Magnolia, kiss your mauve lips of grapes, squeeze your fleshy, milky macaroon breasts,smell your opium breath of subconsciousness, labyrinth of desires.
Maria Malonzo, Hello, Privet! #1 : Hello/Привет|The thought of being whoever I want is a terrifying thing, because I have only ever been who everyone has wanted me to be.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|The mind of man, moreover, works with equal strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented on the timepiece of the mind by one second.
Kim Stanley Robinson|There, in the silence that's never quite silent, I realized that, if there are at least seven thousand wants to speak, there are at least seven thousand ways to listen.
|He who stands with God, stands unshakeable on their ground, even in the midst of their greatest enemies.
Cornell Woolrich|You see, the interesting thing about books, as opposed, say, to films, is that it's always just one person encountering the book, it's not an audience, it's one to one.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|When you put your passion into your desire, when it becomes a fire that threatens to consume you unless you have it, then your will is in the right place.
Nadia Comaneci|Oh God, I'm awful at sports. In gym I just try and avoid getting hit in the face.
Edmund Gosse, Father and Son|I was much affected by the internal troubles of the Punch family; I thought that with a little more tact on the part of Mrs. Punch and some restraint held over a temper, naturally violent, by Mr. Punch, a great deal of this sad misunderstanding might have been prevented.
Kaimana Wolff, La Chiripa|When he removed his robes, you could see the hundreds of scars and bruises that shamelessly decorated his body. Huge black bruises, long scars that came from sword lacerations and whips and new wounds that bled fresh red blood.The Dragonboy's father had no idea his son suffered. That's because the boy never
T.K. Naliaka, Iron Mixed with Sand Salt without Memory|Scars speak for you. They say you're strong, and you've survived something that might have killed others.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Mermaid Chair|There would be no grand absolution, only forgiveness meter out in these precious sips. I would well up from Hugh's heart in spoonfuls, and he would feed it to me. And it would be enough.
Elizabeth Wein, The Pearl Thief|If you're scared, do something.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sacred gifts: life, nature, good health, strength, joy, prosperity of soul, children, family, friends….!
Nathaniel Fick, One Bullet Away: The Making of a Marine Officer|I daresay that the gradual “decomposition” of scripture, its dissolution in more and more specialized and negative criticism, is a result of its alienation from the eucharist – and practically from the Church herself – as an experience of a spiritual reality. And in its own turn, this same alienation deprived the sacrament of its evangelical content, converting it into a self-contained and self-sufficient “means of sanctification.” The scriptures and the Church are reduced here to the category of two formal *authorities*, two "sources of the faith"--as they are called in the scholastic treatises, for which the only question is which authority is the higher: which "interprets" which.As a matter of fact, by its own logic, this approach demands a further contraction, a further "reduction." For if we proclaim holy scripture to be the supreme authority for teaching the faith in the Church, then what is the “criterion” of scripture? Sooner or later it becomes “biblical science” – i.e., in the final analysis, naked reason. But if, on the other hand, we proclaim the Church to be the definitive, highest and inspired interpreter of scripture, then through whom, where and how is this interpretation brought about? And however we answer this question, this “organ” or “authority” in fact proves to be standing over the scriptures, as an *outside* authority.
Darnell Lamont Walker|If you weren't built for this life, you'd be dead by now. i think the problem is people don't share enough of their pain with the world, so they never know who else is in pain, too, and what others are going through. we're never really alone in anything.
Chinese fortune cookie|Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|The idea of sin being able to deceive us, suppressing truth so that we believe a lie, should send shivers down our spines. It is one thing to deceive other people. That is scary enough. It is even more frightening when we realize that each lie we tell leaves us more self-deceived. All practiced sin teaches us to believe lies. WE don't often consider the boomerang effect of our deception. In the end it will get us.
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|Then I’d go home, return to a pattern of worry, unable to tap the surrender core to travel’s inspiration. What was different?
Auliq Ice|I have started a new blog W.A.R.(Writers Amongst Readers) for all those writing or reading books. Quotes, excerpts, comments from the world's greatest writers. See robinhawdonblog
Shauna Niequist, Bread and   Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes|But what little we did know, we brandished wildly like cavemen’s clubs, slinging out stuff we felt tasted good. That was as intricate as ourgame plan ever was—to make food that tasted good.
Saaif Alam|A person who has common knowlege can depict the casual events and the educational concepts that they learn everyday life. However, a person who has a high quotient intelligence can comprehend some critical concepts, which is unlikely for a human being with average intelligence. The method for this person to increase his/her level of intelligence is that they should be encouraged to examine or study the critical issues and difficult concepts that revolve in our current environment.
Melika Dannese Lux, City of Lights: The Trials and Triumphs of Ilyse Charpentier|The Empire was on the point of turning Paris into the bawdy house of Europe. The gang of fortune-seekers who had succeeded in stealing a throne required a reign of adventures, shady transactions, sold consciences, bought women, and rampant drunkenness.
Audre Lorde|I'm proud of my background, so I hope there will be more roles where Hispanics are being portrayed.
Michael Crichton, Eaters of the Dead|Each person bears a fear which is special to him. One man fears a close space and another man fears drowning; each laughs at the other and calls him stupid. Thus fear is only a preference, to be counted the same as the preference for one woman or another, or mutton for pig, or cabbage for onion.
Paul A. Cohen, Discovering History in China: American Historical Writing on the Recent Chinese Past|Our outsideness, after all, is a major part of what makes us different from the direct participants in history and enables us, as historians, to render the past intelligible and meaningful in ways that simply are not available to those immediately in- volved. In other words, outsideness, whether that of Americans addressing the Chi- nese past or of historians in general addressing the past in general, does not just distort; it also illuminates. This means that, as I said earlier, our central task is to find ways of exploiting our outsideness that maximize the illumination and mini- mize the distortion.
Abby Rosmarin, I'm Just Here for the Free Scrutiny: One Model's Tale of Insanity and Inanity in the Wonderful World of Fashion|But looking at you was nothing like looking at those pictures. When I first saw,” he said, looking down at her chest, then up again to meet her eyes, “it hurt, almost a physical pain. Since you finished chemo, you've gotten so strong again. Sometimes I almost forget what you've been through. But seeing your scars, they reminded me of your hurt. How you've been cut apart. What you gave up.”It was important, not keeping herself back from him, putting parts of herself off limits. But it stung when he sank down to brush his lips over the two biggest scars.“But your scars are beautiful. I mean, I look at them, and I want to kiss, I want to touch, I feel this tenderness for them. You know how when you love someone, when you've been with them a long time and you know all the little lines and curves and planes of their body, how you look at little parts of them—the corner of their mouth, the back of their hand, the little crease where their earlobe meets their jaw—and you can feel like you're in love with that little piece of them? Maybe soon, I'll look at your scars like that. But right now, it's this feeling I've never had for a part of someone's body, before, because they promise me you're well. That you get to live. That we get to have a long life together.”Her love for him was swelling up in her chest, the way it did sometimes, an ache she wanted to hold on to.
Grats|Your happiness is a prayer for me, therefore i will always pray for your happiness.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Don't go through life with a closed mind. Allow innovations and creativity to flow. We should always challenge ourselves to excel in more ways than one. Be open to ideas or suggestions on how to improve. And, the chances of reaching your goals will increase enormously.
Pamela Cummins, Insights for Singles: Steps to Find Everlasting Love|[It would not be long] ere the whole surface of this country would be channelled for those nerves which are to diffuse, with the speed of thought, a knowledge of all that is occurring throughout the land, making, in fact, one neighborhood of the whole country.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you find wisdom, you will discover the light of bright path.
Maggie Macnab, Design by Nature: Using Universal Forms and Principles in Design|Design that mimics the sensual continuity of nature's subtle connections of color, light and texture invite the viewer's receptivity.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|The days were sunny, the nights were star-studded. Indeed married life was strawberries for breakfast and loving all the time.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Consort|I mean, it's not like he's Damon Salvatore hot
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|Up until then I'd thought that white people and colored people getting along was the big aim, but after that I decided everybody being colorless together was a better plan. I thought of that policeman, Eddie Hazelwurst, saying I'd lowered myself to be in this house of colored women, and for the very life of me I couldn't understand how it had turned out this way, how colored women had become the lowest ones on the totem pole. You only had to look at them to see how special they were, like hidden royalty among us. Eddie Hazelwurst. What a shitbucket.
Peter Max|All art is dependent on technology because it's a human endeavour, so even when you're using charcoal on a wall or designed the proscenium arch, that's technology.
Unknown|The dead man's face was pale and bloodless. The fierce white lights in the morgue showed up every detail mercilessly and every last pore and pock-mark was revealed, the history of a life, now reduced to a mere handful of scars. 'Always nice to see you Mark, but what brings you in so late on Friday afternoon?' Lambert said nothing, staring at Petrie's corpse, before turning to the coroner. John Humby was older and getting close to retirement and the two had been friends for a very long time. Humby resembled a large blood-hound, the more so the older he got and he was smiling over at Lambert, who was still thinking about the murder.
Rahul Rampal, Notorious Mind- Just Engaged|I am the happiest person on this world, who has never seen ups and downs in life. I got whatever I wished for… And I woke up!
Graham Greene, Travels With My Aunt|When one comes from the bottom they know how to deal with people on the bottom.When one educates themself to communicate they learn how to deal with a multitude of types of people.Life experience, and communication is at the core of people relations.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|I let go of all that I had thought was wounded, for there is no ego to wound, no ego to hold on with; there is only love & freedom to love.
Erasmus Darwin, The Temple Of Nature|Birth after birth the line unchanging runs,And fathers live transmitted in their sons;Each passing year beholds the unvarying kinds,The same their manners, and the same their minds:Till, as erelong successive buds decay,And insect-shoals successive pass away,Increasing wants the pregnant parent vexWith the fond wish to form a softer sex. ..
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|Like every novelist, I fantasise about film. Novelists are not equipped to make a movie, in my opinion. They make their own movie when they write: they're casting, they're dressing the scene, they're working out where the energy of the scene is coming from, and they're also relying tremendously on the creative imagination of the reader.
Umberto Eco, Il cimitero di Praga|Die Menschen tun das Böse nie so vollständig und begeistert, wie wenn sie es aus religiöser Überzeugung tun.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|When you love, the whole universe loves you back.
Annie Barrows|If you like a book you read, tell someone. If you hate it, tell em harder.
Matthew Goldfinger|If anything normal were useful it would have been done already. That's why my motto is "Dare to Differ." Who know's what you'll find ?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Success is the shyest creature,blushes when you court it,jilts you when you propose to it,reneges later and perhaps blushes again.
P.Sainath|Can I be forgiven for all I've done to get here?I don't know. I don't know.please.-Tris, DivergentCan I be forgiven for all I've done to get here?I want to be.I can.I believe it.-Tris, Allegiant
Kai Mann|Take the time to plant seeds even if you're unsure if they'll grow; who knows, maybe all it takes is for someone else to come along and water it.
Sheri Kaye Hoff, Relax Into Inspired Action: Connect the Pieces and Live Fulfilled|Time doesn't need to be found, it is in plain sight ticking away loudly all the time. How we use it is the only question.
Lila Devi, The Essential Flower Essence Handbook: For Perfect Well-Being|Optimal nutrition is eating the right things, in the right amounts, at the right time.
Alin Sav|Leadership is the art of following, listening and executing.
Paige Tyler, In the Company of Wolves|Almost forgot. Can you stop by and feed my fish every few days? And talk to them too. They get lonely when I am not home.”Cooper made a face “Who the hell talks to their fish?”“Me. You’ll feed them, right”“Yeah, I’ll feed them. But I am sure as hell not talking to them,” Cooper said…..
Jack Kornfield, Meditation for Beginners|But forgiveness is the act of not putting anyone out of your heart, even those who are acting out of deep ignorance or out of confusion and pain.
A.J. Jacobs|Prior to Flew, major apologies for atheism were those of Enlightenment thinkers (David Hume, Arthur Schopenhauer, Ludwig Feuerbach, and Friedrich Nietzsche).Major philosophers of Flew’s generation who were atheists: W. V. O. Quine and Gilbert Ryle. But none took the step of developing book-length arguments to support their personal beliefs.In later years, atheist philosophers who critically examined and rejected the traditional arguments for God’s existence: Paul Edwards, Wallace Matson, Kai Nielsen, Paul Kurtz, J. L. Mackie, Richard Gale, Michael Martin. But their works did not change the agenda and framework of discussion the way Flew’s innovative publications did.
Anaïs Nin|Our culture made a virtue of living only as extroverts. We discouraged the inner journey, the quest for a center. So we lost our center and have to find it again.
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|We may be different, but in this moment we're feeling the exact same thing: the sad kind of bliss where you realize, suddenly, how perfect your life really has been all along. So perfect it hurts, and you could let yourself weep if you wanted. So perfect that even though everything you know is ending, you truly believe life will continue to be beautiful, even—or maybe especially—in those pure moments of loss.
Mark Twain, Letters from the Earth: Uncensored Writings|Man is the Reasoning Animal. Such is the claim. I think it is open to dispute. Indeed, my experiments have proven to me that he is the Unreasoning Animal... In truth, man is incurably foolish. Simple things which other animals easily learn, he is incapable of learning. Among my experiments was this. In an hour I taught a cat and a dog to be friends. I put them in a cage. In another hour I taught them to be friends with a rabbit. In the course of two days I was able to add a fox, a goose, a squirrel and some doves. Finally a monkey. They lived together in peace; even affectionately.Next, in another cage I confined an Irish Catholic from Tipperary, and as soon as he seemed tame I added a Scotch Presbyterian from Aberdeen. Next a Turk from Constantinople; a Greek Christian from Crete; an Armenian; a Methodist from the wilds of Arkansas; a Buddhist from China; a Brahman from Benares. Finally, a Salvation Army Colonel from Wapping. Then I stayed away for two whole days. When I came back to note results, the cage of Higher Animals was all right, but in the other there was but a chaos of gory odds and ends of turbans and fezzes and plaids and bones and flesh--not a specimen left alive. These Reasoning Animals had disagreed on a theological detail and carried the matter to a Higher Court.
John D. MacDonald|No one can build you the bridge on which you, and only you, must cross the river of life. There may be countless trails and bridges and demigods who would gladly carry you across; but only at the price of pawning and forgoing yourself. There is one path in the world that none can walk but you. Where does it lead? Don’t ask, walk!
Stasia Ward Kehoe, The Sound of Letting Go|The last thing I wanted was to fall in love because, deep down, I remembered that love hurt.
Aishwarya Sharma|Once you master the art of self-love, you become so content with yourself that what other’s say or do, it stops bothering you. At the same time, It’s very important to know the difference between those who just casually make fun of you and those who make fun of you to bring you down. It’s a really good trait to be able to laugh at yourself but not at the cost of your dignity.
Alice Hoffman, The Museum of Extraordinary Things|I saw this was the way of the future, to leave the past behind as if it were a dream.
Sonam Kapoor|At my wedding, I was dancing so furiously that I fell hard on my kneecaps. The next morning, my knees were so swollen that I had to get a wheelchair at the airport to go on my honeymoon.
Julie Andrews|The Analytical Engine does not occupy common ground with mere 'calculating machines.' It holds a position wholly its own, and the considerations it suggests are more interesting in their nature.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Was it by reason that I attained to the knowledge that I must love my neighbor and not to throttle him?. They told me so when I was a child, and I gladly believed it, because they told me what was already in my soul. But who discovered it? Not reason! Reason has discovered the struggle for existence and the law that I must throttle all those who hinder the satisfaction of my desires. That is the deduction reason makes. But the law of loving others couldn't be discovered by reason, because it is unreasonable.
Thomas Love Peacock, Nightmare Abbey|Raven: The Reverend Mr Larynx has been called off on duty, to marry or bury (I don't know which) some unfortunate person or persons, at Claydyke:...
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Revelation is a pastor’s letter to his floundering flock, an urgent telegram bearing a brilliant battle plan for a people at war.
Wallace Stegner, On Teaching and Writing Fiction|The flimsy little protestations that mark the front gate of every novel, the solemn statements that any resemblance to real persons living or dead is entirely coincidental, are fraudulent every time. A writer has no other material to make his people from than the people of his experience ... The only thing the writer can do is to recombine parts, suppress some characterisitics and emphasize others, put two or three people into one fictional character, and pray the real-life prototypes won't sue.
Lance Armstrong|When I see my mom in the stands, it always pushes me to succeed.
Richard Morin, You Working with You: A Roadmap to Self Mastery|Nobody knows what it is like to be you, how can they? Choose your thoughts, words and actions and enjoy what is your life.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|I slept that night in the room I used to have when I was a little boy, with the summer wind blowing in at the windows, bringing the smell of the ripe fields. I lay awake and watched the moonlight shining over the barn and the stacks and the pond, and the windmill making its old dark shadow against the blue sky.
Euginia Herlihy|A genuine love gives it all, it protects and no strings attached. Love someone today.
James D. Watson|Unforeseen surprises are the rule in science, not the exception. Remember: Stuff happens.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|And I think that's what our world is desperately in need of - lovers, people who are building deep, genuine relationships with fellow strugglers along the way, and who actually know the faces of the people behind the issues they are concerned about.
George Fox|When I listen to music, I don't want to hear about flowers. I like death and destruction.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|I went into politics thinking that, if I made arguments in good faith, I'd get a hearing. It's a reasonable assumption, but it's wrong. In five and a half years in politics up north, no one really bothered to criticize my ideas, such as they were. It was never my message that was the issue. It was always the messenger.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Can you imagine, finally showing your true self to your spouse, your soul mate, and having him not like you?
Michel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences|It is comforting, however, and a source of profound relief to think that man is only a recent invention, a figure not yet two centuries old, a new wrinkle in our knowledge, and that he will disappear again as soon as that knowledge has discovered a new form.
Ryū Murakami|Within two or three years of World War II's end, starvation had been basically eliminated in Japan, and yet the Japanese had continued slaving away as if their lives depend on it. Why? To create a more abundant life? If so, where was the abundance? Where were the luxurious living spaces? Eyesores dominated the scenery wherever you went, and people still crammed themselves into packed commuter trains each morning, submitting to conditions that would be fatal for any other mammal. Apparently what the Japanese wanted wasn't a better life, but more things.
Anonymous|Evil has a way of propagating like a plague. Where plague is a disease of the body, evil is a disease of the soul. It spreads through our actions: an act of evil done to someone infests their soul, so that they desire to do evil in return. And evil grows with each turn, the revenge act must be the greater. The best way to deal with evil is to turn it into something good, before it has the chance to spread. Each of us has the ability to have evil stop with us.Anonymous. The Treatise of Wisdom (Kindle Locations 4492-4494). Unknown.
Robert Walser, The Tanners|I don't want a future, I want a present. To me this appears of greater value. You have a future only when you have no present, and when you have a present, you forget to even think about the future.
Warren Buffett|Business requires understanding financial matters, but management is different from running the financial aspects of the business - it requires understanding complex systems, how they operate, the nature of organisations, what happens when people interact in groups and how to motivate and guide people.
Al Franken|I do expect a lot from myself, but it's also a balance of being... positive and also pushing yourself.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|I'm a beautiful mess of contradiction,A chaotic display of imperfection.
Iain H. Murray, The Invitation System|The three now faced the moving wall. Trapped, like the last fries in a box with a hungry kid ready to pounce. They had no way to escape.
Steve Berry|If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
Miranda Hart|That on a romantic level, if you feel it about somebody and it's pure, it means that they do too.
Les Brown|You can't get out of life alive, so you may as well have a good time.
Wheston Chancellor Grove, Who Has Known Heights|To this day when I inhale a light scent of Wrangler—its sweet sharpness—or the stronger, darker scent of Musk, I return to those hours and it ceases to be just cologne that I take in but the very scent of age, of youth at its most beautiful peak. It bears the memory of possibility, of unknown forests, unchartered territories, and a heart light and skipping, hell-bent as the captain of any of the three ships, determined at all costs to prevail to the new world. Turning back was no option. Whatever the gales, whatever the emaciation, whatever the casualty to self, onward I kept my course. My heart felt the magnetism of its own compass guiding me on—its direction constant and sure. There was no other way through. I feel it again as once it had been, before it was broken-in; its strength and resolute ardency. The years of solitude were nothing compared to what lay ahead. In sailing for the horizon that part of my life had been sealed up, a gentle eddy, a trough of gentle waves diminishing further, receding away. Whatever loneliness andpain went with the years between the ages of 14 and 20, was closed, irretrievable—I was already cast in form and direction in a certain course.When I open the little bottle of eau de toilette five hundred different days unfold within me, conversations so strained, breaking slowly, so painstakingly, to a comfortable place. A place so warm and inviting after the years of silence and introspect, of hiding. A place in the sun that would burn me alive before I let it cast a shadow on me. Until that time I had not known, I had not been conscious of my loneliness. Yes, I had been taciturn in school, alone, I had set myself apart when others tried to engage. But though I was alone, I had not felt the pangs of loneliness. It had not burdened or tormented as such when I first felt the clear tang of its opposite in the form of another’s company. Of Regn’s company. We came, each in our own way, in our own need—listening, wanting, tentatively, as though we came upon each other from the side in spite of having seen each other head on for two years. It was a gradual advance, much again like a vessel waiting for its sails to catch wind, grasping hold of the ropes and learning much too quickly, all at once, how to move in a certain direction. There was no practicing. It was everything and all—for the first and last time. Everything had to be right, whether it was or not. The waters were beautiful, the work harder than anything in my life, but the very glimpse of any tempest of defeat was never in my line of vision. I’d never failed at anything. And though this may sound quite an exaggeration, I tell you earnestly, it is true. Everything to this point I’d ever set my mind to, I’d achieved. But this wasn’t about conquering some land, nor had any of my other desires ever been about proving something. It just had to be—I could not break, could not turn or retract once I’d committed myself to my course. You cannot force a clock to run backwards when it is made to persevere always, and ever, forward. Had I not been so young I’d never have had the courage to love her.
Taylor Stevens, The Doll|There was no way possible [the queen] could have done all of the things the pamphleteers claimed. The crimes were too gross, too immoral and far too physically challenging. Magnus himself had never attempted half of them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you see something impossible, this is often because you have a limited imagination!
Steven Magee|Most politicians are corrupt as they do not represent the masses that voted for them, but rather they choose to return numerous favors to the corporations that funded their election campaigns.
Robert Duvall|My mother was a public school teacher in Virginia, and we didn't have any money, we just survived on happiness, on being a happy family.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|I never married because there was no need. I have three pets at home which answer the same purpose as a husband. I have a dog which growls every morning, a parrot which swears all afternoon, and a cat that comes home late at night.
Gustave Flaubert|If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.
Amish Tripathi, The Secret of the Nagas|Feminine way of life is "life by probabilities". There are no absolutes, and the same laws can be interpreted differently at different times. Change is the only constant, and people live by Passion, Beauty and Freedom. But with too much freedom it can decline into decadence, corruption and debauchery.
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|There is not eternal damnation, the only rewards and punishments are right here in this world.
Antonia Perdu|You may find that you have been telling yourself that practicing optimism is a risk, as though, somehow, a positive attitude will invite disaster and so if you practice optimism it may increase your feelings of vulnerability. The trick is to increase your tolerance for vulnerable feelings, rather than avoid them altogether.[…]Optimism does not mean continual happiness, glazed eyes and a fixed grin. When I talk about the desirability of optimism I do not mean that we should delude ourselves about reality. But practicing optimism does mean focusing more on the positive fall-out of an event than on the negative. … I am not advocating the kind of optimism that means you blow all your savings on a horse running at a hundred to one; I am talking about being optimistic enough to sow some seeds in the hope that some of them will germinate and grow into flowers.
Wayne W. Dyer|The poets did well to conjoin music and medicine, in Apollo, because the office of medicine is but to tune the curious harp of man's body and reduce it to harmony.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|If you want to be a new man you have to stay in new places, and do new things, with people who never knew you before. If you go back to the same old ways, what else can you be but the same old person?
Scott Hahn, The Lamb's Supper: The Mass as Heaven on Earth|Can you two keep from tearing each other's throats out during however long it takes to find Nash?" Lucas's dry tone did nothing to hide the feline amusement in his eyes as he broke into her line of sight. "Or maybe I should be worrying about clothes instead?
Taylor Swift|My parents taught me never to judge others based on whom they love, what color their skin is, or their religion. Why make life miserable for someone when you could be using your energy for good? We don’t need to share the same opinions as others, but we need to be respectful. When you hear people making hateful comments, stand up to them. Point out what a waste it is to hate, and you could open their eyes.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?: Facing Down Your Fears with Faith|Biblical heroes were regular people who had to learn the same things you and I have to learn–to drive out fear by increasing their knowledge of God, to shift their focus from their present fear to the eternal God, to replace what they didn’t know about the future with what they did know about Him.
Jackie Morse Kessler, Hunger|Thou art hunger, yo. Make with the starvation.
honeya|Women are lot more stronger then men, not just mentally but even physically, not only do they look beautiful in any form, but are also blessed with there caring nature which they have by birth.. What do men need more then this to respect a women??? Handling a family is equivalent to handling a big corporate office.. N she does it very well..Respect her beauty by praising it n don't dis-respect it by passing dirty comments.. Some mentally ill men RAPE a women, but dis-respect every women including there mother n sisters with this act... and cause of such mentally ill men, every man is ashamed of being a Male/Man..
Hayao Miyazaki|No matter what you seek to achieve, perspective makes a difference. All. Perspective comes from reflecting.
Jean Pigozzi|I love doing comedy. You don't get many good comedy scripts. They're rare. But, I do love playing comedy. Even in drama, I like to try to find the humor because I think it's very human.
Elliot Mabeuse, A Good Student|but when i write, i feel like the most important man in the world, because when i write, i give meaning to things. i create significance, and i create meanings, and as hard as that may for you to believe, that's really even more important in the long run than life and death.
Eric Jerome Dickey|I was out of sorts. They are deep, my sorts, a deep ditch, and I am not often out of them.
Nicholas C. Rossis, Rise of the Prince|We don’t look at the sky anymore, instead we stare at boxes that keeps us captive; we don’t walk barefoot any more, we refuse to kiss the earth with our feet, we keep busy worrying and fearing, we exist and die, like robots we work and consume. We ignore the beauty of a butterfly and the power of the eagle, we have forgotten the scent of flowers, we are too busy to enjoy nature, we are plastic most of the time; we live together but we do not connect, we are asleep. I want to cleanse myself of societies’ noise, walk barefoot, and kiss the earth with my feet, I want look at the sky, and like my ancestors, I want to feel free. I want to rejoice of who I am, and what I will become.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Little White Horse|(Kindness) is much more a sign of character than mere niceness. Kindness connects to who you are, while niceness connects to how you want to be seen."-David Levithan (Every Day)
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|That took the view that every misbehavior, every cruelty perpetuated by one kid on another should be let slide in the name of letting kids be kids? (Let them be kids, really let them, and you will end up with a tribe of bulimic eugenicists with huge amounts of credit card debt.)
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|To love means to embrace and at the same time to withstand many endings, and many many beginnings—all in the same relationship.
Rodney Barnes|My Miracle, living through a Traumatic brain Injury
Richard M. Rorty|The argument that personal moral views should not be imposed on others when it comes to lawmaking is incoherent and misleading. It is incoherent because a great deal of law implicitly "imposes" a particular moral view on the wider society. It would be disingenuous to pretend that the legalization of abortion on demand or euthanasia does not impose a certain moral view on the rest of society. This is especially true when arguments for abortion and euthanasia are based on rights. The appeal to rights is a moral argument, and it is this appeal to moral authority that gives force to laws enshrining rights.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I don't think there are enough words in the world that exist to express exactly just how much I love my son! He's right there in the front of my soul, he can turn me into an eagle, a lioness, a tigress, a swan! A goof or a queen! There's no underestimating just how much I love him; I surround him like the ocean surrounds the ships! I never wanted to change the world, until he came along and showed me that he deserves a better world to live in!
Lisa Cron, Wired for Story: The Writer's Guide to Using Brain Science to Hook Readers from the Very First Sentence|So I have to create the whole thing afresh for myself each time. Probably all writers now are in the same boat. It is the penalty we pay for breaking with tradition, and the solitude makes the writing more exciting though the being read less so. One ought to sink to the bottom of the sea, probably, and live alone with ones words.
Lois McMaster Bujold|Royse Bergon: "I've seen your integrity in action. It...widened my world. I'd been raised by my father, who is a prudent, cautious man, always looking for men's hidden, selfish motivations. No one can cheat him. But I've seen him cheat himself. If you understand what I mean."Caz: "Yes."R.B.: "It was very foolish of you to attack that vile Roknari galley-man."Caz: "Yes."R.B.: "And yet, I think, given the same circumstances you would do it again."Caz: "Knowing what I know now...it would be harder. But I would hope... I would pray, Royse, that the gods would still lend me such foolishness in my need."R.B: "What is this astonishing foolishness, that shines brighter than all my father's gold? Can you teach me to be such a fool, too, Caz?"Caz: "Oh," "I'm sure of it.
Viswanathan Anand|What makes the production of my work so expensive? The whole installation thing - the construction, the objects, the technology. It really adds up.
Sameh Elsayed|If those who know leave those who don't, don't....... the world will turn to a school teaching ignorance.
Philip Roth|All I can tell you with certainty is that I, for one, have no self, and that I am unwilling or unable to perpetrate upon myself the joke of a self.... What I have instead is a variety of impersonations I can do, and not only of myself — a troupe of players that I have internalised, a permanent company of actors that I can call upon when a self is required.... I am a theater and nothing more than a theater.
Julian Hawthorne, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|Children, brought up naturally and in freedom, not only have imagination, but live in a world of imagination more real to them than our reality. ("Absolute Evil")
Jonathan Ive|I am a child of digital generation. I have done most of the records with Rilo Kiley on computers, on Pro Tools or other digital programs.
Trevor Noah, Born A Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood|Because I am a mother, I am capable of being shocked; as I never was when I was not one.
Pericles|Wait for that wisest of all counselores, Time.
Jude Watson, In Too Deep|When you lose your parents, the sadness doesn't go away. It just changes. It hits you sideways sometimes instead of head-on. Like now.
Maxwell Perkins|The amount of meaning you get into a sentence, the dimensions and intensity of the impression you make a paragraph carry, are most extraordinary.... You once told me you were not a natural writer—my God! You have plainly mastered the craft, of course; but you needed far more than craftsmanship for this. [about The Great Gatsby]
saadshah|Learning starts with single word "WHY".
Keith Ellison|I think there's a green side to John Kerry, if you like, that he's an environmental activist. His record on the environment is as best as you have on a pro-environment record of anybody in the U.S. Senate.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|All relationships have ups and downs. Romantic fantasy often nurtures the belief that difficulties and down times are an indication of a lack of love rather than part of the process. In actuality, true love thrives of the difficulties. The foundation of such love is the assumption that we want to grow and expand, to become more fully ourselves. There is no change that does not bring with it a feeling of challenge and loss. When we experience true love it may feel as though our lives are in danger; we may feel threatened.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|My suggestion, then, is that we accord the fetus no higher moral status than we give to a nonhuman animal at a similar level of rationality, self-consciousness, awareness, capacity to feel and so on. Because no fetus is a person, no fetus has the same claim to life as a person. Until a fetus has some capacity for conscious experience, an abortion terminates an existence that is – considered as it is and not in terms of its potential – more like that of a plant than of a sentient animal like a dog or a cow.
Julie Anne Peters|When you discover the joy of reading, your mind opens to a world of wondrous discoveries and infinite possibilities.
Robert Sheaffer, The Making of the Messiah|Existential envy which is directed against the other person’s very nature, is the strongest source of ressentiment. It is as if it whispers continually: “I can forgive everything, but not that you are— that you are what you are—that I am not what you are—indeed that I am not you.” This form of envy strips the opponent of his very existence, for this existence as such is felt to be a “pressure,” a “reproach,” and an unbearable humiliation. In the lives of great men there are always critical periods of instability, in which they alternately envy and try to love those whose merits they cannot but esteem. Only gradually, one of these attitudes will predominate. Here lies the meaning of Goethe’s reflection that “against another’s great merits, there is no remedy but love.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|When the dog bites, when the bee stings... I simply remember I have a boyfriend and suddenly things don't seem quite so completely shit.
Sharfaraz Ahmed|Worrying will not solve your problem, working will.
Naomi Novik, Black Powder War|The passion for revenge should never blind you to the pragmatics of the situation. There are some people who are so blighted by their past, so warped by experience and the pull of that silken cord, that they never free themselves of the shadows that live in the time machine...And if there is a kind thought due them, it may be found contained in the words of the late Gerald Kersh, who wrote:"... there are men whom one hates until a certain moment when one sees, through a chink in their armour, the writhing of something nailed down and in torment.
Jocelyn Davies, A Fractured Light|You can put the girl in a relationship...," I began, putting my arm around her. "But you can't take the boy-crazy out of the girl," Cassie finished.
Manan Sheel|I do not think I have ever seen a nastier-looking man... Under the black hat, when I had first seen them, the eyes had been those of an unsuccessful rapist. [on Brit poet Percy Wyndham Lewis]
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|When the stars were right, They could plunge from world to world through the sky; but when the stars were wrong, They could not live.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|No one ever does live happily ever after, but we leave the children to find that out for themselves.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Shores of Forever|A twinge of fear entered Gwenwhyfar’s heart. It was the first she had heard of the sea farms lying in the path of danger. She wondered what had befallen a different Norseman of her acquaintance. Had her poor bodyguard, Finn, perished in one of those raids?
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Learn from the past, but don't live there, Plan the future, but don’t live there. Remember the Present is where we truly spend the rest of our lives.
Judith Butler, Undoing Gender|To be called a copy, to be called unreal, is thus one way in which one can be oppressed. But consider that it is more fundamental than that. For to be oppressed means that you already exist as a subject of some kind, you are there as the visible and oppressed other for the master subject as a possible or potential subject. But to be unreal is something else again. For to be oppressed one must first become intelligible. To find that one is fundamentally unintelligible (indeed, that the laws of culture and of language find one to be an impossibility) is to find that one has not yet achieved access to the human. It is to find oneself speaking only and always as if one were human, but with the sense that one is not. It is to find that one's language is hollow, and that no recognition is forthcoming because the norms by which recognition takes place are not in one's favour.
William  Perry, The End of an Era: Life in Old Eaglehawk and Bendigo|The mechanism of the clock was enclosed in a box resembling a large cupboard, but I was disappointed with the workings. They were much smaller than I had anticipated. The clock was worked by heavy weights suspended on long cables. My father picked up a handle like the crank handle of a car and wound them up. There were two of them. One to work the hands, the other controlling the hammer which struck out the hours on a large bell. Then the mousetraps were set, Not to catch mice, but to control the lighting. Previously my father had to make a special trip each evening to switch on the lights of the clock, returning near midnight to switch them off. To obviate this he invented a method of light control which may have been unique. Two switches, one for switching on and the other for switching off were used. They were fixed on the inside wall of the tower. A mousetrap mounted near each switch was so arranged that when the trap sprung, the arc traversed by the closing trap enabled the switch to be flicked on or off as required. Adjustable sleeves were set along the the cables for required times. The sleeves on the descending cables tripped the mouse traps which actuated the switches.
Doug Liman|Yeah, but there's nobody who represents romance to me like Cary Grant.
Steven Magee|The USA utility power generation industry subcontracts out their dangerous jobs so that the bad statisitics will not be associated with them. Smart people avoid working for the subcontractors. I have worked directly for a number of subcontractors and overseen subcontractors and their staff were clearly sick, showing behavioral problems and overworked. In some cases they were blatantly breaking OSHA laws. OSHA covers it all up! Unfortunately, the problems can be traced back to OSHA and their wilful lack of enforcement of the law.
Karen  Gibbs|When someone hurts you over and over, ask yourself, WHY DO YOU LET THEM?
Steven Magee, Toxic Electricity|When I was researching the book Toxic Electricity, I would see biological reactions for up to a week afterwards. They are typically strong in the first day or two after the electromagnetic field (EMF) exposures and tail off as the week goes on. I would feel fine during the EMF exposures and start seeing weird health effects usually during sleep that night. Extended time around high voltage power lines & power poles were the worst for provoking reactions, followed by wifi and transmitting utility meters.
Elizabeth Bard, Lunch in Paris: A Love Story, with Recipes|I was living "every girl's" dream. But I had yet to find my own passion, my personal project, the thing that would help make Paris mine.
Johann Baptist Metz, Poverty of Spirit|We must learn to accept ourselves in the painful experiment of living. We must embrace the spiritual adventure of becoming human, moving through the many stages that lie between birth and death.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Forever, if she promises to never part the ocean where the river sings.
Lori Cash Richards, Letting the Upside In: Discovering the code that grants us access to the extraordinary treasures contained within our hearts|What I'm willing to admit is that my mind, as it serves my heart, becomes a very creative place, capable of surprising ingenuity and masterful reframes. And in this incredibly creative place, my world works for me, not against me.
Peter Buwalda, Bonita Avenue|...Sigerius realized that every academic looked like every other academic." - Bonita Avenue, p.49
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|You will fall to ruin because you believe that exceptions to the rule make new rules. That an evil man can shed the trappings of wickedness because you want him to. Men do not Change... Learn the lesson now, so you don't have to learn it with a knife in your back later... Reputations exist for a reason.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|He remembered how nice the kids at Camp Half-Blood had been to him after the war with Kronos. Great job, Nico! Thanks for bringing the armies of the Underworld to save us! Everybody smiled. They all invited him to sit at their table. After about a week, his welcome wore thin. Campers would jump when he walked up behind them. He would emerge from the shadows at the campfire, startle somebody and see the discomfort in their eyes: Are you still here? Why are you here? It didn’t help that immediately after the war with Kronos, Annabeth and Percy had started dating … Nico set down his fartura. Suddenly it didn’t taste so good.
Kyla Pratt|In the case of Iraq, notwithstanding the violence there at the moment, the very fact that a hideous regime - responsible for genocide, for the use of chemical and biological weapons, aggression against two neighbors - has been removed in itself is a positive development.
Jennifer Ouellette, The Calculus Diaries: How Math Can Help You Lose Weight, Win in Vegas, and Survive a Zombie Apocalypse|…wondering, not for the first time, if there was a kind of dark bliss built into dementia: an immunity from death and abandonment, a way of fixing a point in time so that nothing can change, nothing can be rewritten, no one can leave.
Andre Balazs|Nobody in Singapore drinks Singapore Slings. It's one of the first things you find out there. What you do in Singapore is eat. It's a really food-crazy culture, where all of this great food is available in a kind of hawker-stand environment.
Steven James, Placebo|Each period had required me to be a slightly different person, and that was exhausting. I wondered if school had always felt this way and whether it was like this for everone.
Winston  Churchill|The human spirit is like an elastic band. The more you stretch, the greater your capacity.
Erich Frommh Fromm|Who knows how we should be? We simply do our best, over and over and over.
Ron Hall|Peace can't be forced, only discovered from within
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|He was looking at her with that intense blazing gaze – the one that made her feel she was the only woman in the world. Oh God, don’t let him get to her. She’d tried to raise her defences against him, but he was so very attractive – almost irresistible. It would be easy to admit defeat…
Patricia Briggs, Silver Borne|This is how it essentially is for Bunny Junior. He loves his dad. He thinks there is no dad better, cleverer, or more capable, and he stands there beside him with a sense of pride — he's my dad — and he also, of course, stands beside him because he has nowhere else to go.
Annette Simmons, The Story Factor: Inspiration, Influence, and Persuasion through the Art of Storytelling|Am not great, but being the story of every whisper is just the greatest.
Peter Cameron, Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You|I felt this awful obligation to be charming or at least have something to say, and the pressure of having to be charming (or merely verbal) incapacitates me.
Amit Kalantri|If you value your words, people will not ask you to make any promises.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Jedi are always assessing situations, actions and possibilities. Jedi don’t just think outside of the box with the help from the Force, they also adapt to situations outside of the box!
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Of course (said Oryx), having a money value was no substitute for love. Every child should have love, every person should have it. . . . but love was undependable, it came and then it went, so it was good to have a money value, because then at least those who wanted to make a profit from you would make sure you were fed enough and not damaged too much. Also there were many who had neither love nor a money value, and having one of these things was better than having nothing.
Susan Ford|I don't want costumes and makeup between me and the audience - I want more direct communication. There's something for me about being honest on stage, and I'm at my most honest when I'm behind a piano. So I prefer my concert performances.
Elise Icten, Bobbi the Bumble Bee|Right from the start he is dressed in his best - his blacks and his whitesLittle Fauntleroy - quiffed and glossy,A Sunday suit, a wedding natty get-up,Standing in dunged strawUnder cobwebby beams, near the mud wall,Half of him legs, Shining-eyed, requiring nothing moreBut that mother's milk come back often.Everything else is in order, just as it is.Let the summer skies hold off, for the moment.This is just as he wants it.A little at a time, of each new thing, is best.Too much and too sudden is too frightening -When I block the light, a bulk from space,To let him in to his mother for a suck,He bolts a yard or two, then freezes,Staring from every hair in all directions,Ready for the worst, shut up in his hopeful religion,A little syllogismWith a wet blue-reddish muzzle, for God's thumb.You see all his hopes bustlingAs he reaches between the worn rails towardsThe topheavy oven of his mother.He trembles to grow, stretching his curl-tip tongue -What did cattle ever find hereTo make this dear little fellowSo eager to prepare himself?He is already in the race, and quivering to win -His new purpled eyeball swivel-jerksIn the elbowing push of his plans.Hungry people are getting hungrier,Butchers developing expertise and markets,But he just wobbles his tail - and glistensWithin his dapper profileUnaware of how his whole lineage Has been tied up.He shivers for feel of the world licking his side.He is like an ember - one glowOf lighting himself upWith the fuel of himself, breathing and brightening.Soon he'll plunge out, to scatter his seething joy,To be present at the grass,To be free on the surface of such a wideness,To find himself. To stand. T
Gilbert Frankau|Yea ! by your works are ye justified--toil unrelieved ;Manifold labours, co-ordinate each to the sending achieved ;Discipline, not of the feet but the soul, unremitting, unfeigned ;Tortures unholy by flame and by maiming, known, faced, and disdained ; Courage that sunsOnly foolhardiness ; even by these, are ye worthy of your guns.
Carrie Fisher|Suzanne sat in Roger's chair, staring at the reflection of her dread morning face. Roger browsed his cassette rack. "Do you want calming or stimulating?" he asked her. Suzanne mulled it over for a few moments. It was a question she had asked herself about men.
Terry Tempest Williams, Leap|I accept the Organic Trinity of Mineral, Vegetable, and Animal with as much authority as I accept the Holy Trinity. Both are sacred.
Karen Armstrong, Jerusalem: One City, Three Faiths|When they have contemplated the world, human beings have always experienced a transcendence and mystery at the heart of existence.
Anne Hutchinson|Television is a powerful medium that has to be used for something better than sitcoms and police shows. On the other hand, if you don't recognize the forces that play on what people watch and what they don't then you're a fool and you should be in a different business.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|In quoting others, we cite ourselves.
Chase Brooks|They always loved my sense of humor. There used to be a light switch inside one of the nurseries that was a cutout of Jesus putting his arm around two children on each side of him as he towered above them. The switch was ironically located in the spot of where his penis would have been and I was the first to point this out. Everyone thought it was funny until I started singing the childhood church song “Jesus Loves the Little Children.” In fear of being struck by lightning or being involved in a massive pile-up car accident after leaving, their laughing ceased. I still thought it was funny.
Tom Althouse|The road to greatness is often sought, but if journeyed with kindness, it is sweetly paved.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Love a man even in his sin, for that is the semblance of Divine Love and is the highest love on eath. Love all God's creation, the whole and every grain of sand in it. Love the animals, love the plants, love everything. If you love everything, you will percieve the divine mystery in things. Once you percieve it, you will begin to comprehend it better every day. And you will come at last to love the whole world with an all-embracing love.
Bryan White|Another is, if you take money out of your left pocket and put it in your right pocket, you're no richer.
Jamie McGuire, A Beautiful Wedding|Cricket must be proud, "I played by Sachin Tendulkar".
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The weather is nature's disruptor of human plans and busybodies. Of all the things on earth, nature's disruption is what we know we can depend on, as it is essentially uncontrolled by men.
Hunter S. Thompson|All those pathetically eager acid freaks who thought they could buy Peace and Understanding for three bucks a hit. But their failure is ours, too. What Leary took down with him was the central illusion of a whole life-style that he helped to create... a generation of permanent cripples, failed seekers, who never understood the essential old-mystic fallacy of the Acid Culture: the desperate assumption that somebody-or at least some force-is tending that Light at the end of the tunnel.This is the same cruel and paradoxically benevolent bullshit has kept the Catholic Church going for so many centuries. It is also the military ethic...a blind faith in some higher and wiser “authority.” The Pope, The General, The Prime Minister... all the way up to “God.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On Truth and Lies in a Nonmoral Sense|It is our emptiness and lowliness that God needs and not our plenitude. These are a few of the ways we can practice humility:Speak as little as possible of oneself.Mind one's own business.Avoid curiosity.Do not want to manage other people's affairs.Accept contradiction and correction cheerfully.Pass over the mistakes of others.Accept blame when innocent.Yield to the will of others.Accept insults and injuries.Accept being slighted, forgotten, and disliked.Be kind and gentle even under provocation.Do not seek to be specially loved and admired.Never stand on one's dignity.Yield in discussion even when one is right.Choose always the hardest.
Tahir Shah, The Caliph's House: A Year in Casablanca|Lebedev: ...There'll be a scandal, the tongues of the whole district will buzz with gossip, but it's better to go through a scandal, isn't it, than to destroy yourself for your whole life.
Maya Angelou|I wrote some of the worst poetry west from the Mississippi River, but I wrote. And I finally sometimes got it right.
Serena Jade, Charismatic Connection: The Authentic Soul Mate Experience|I had never thought much of genealogy. A lot of wasted time collecting the names of the dead. Then stringing those names, like skulls upon a wire, into an entirely private and thus irrelevant narrative, lacking any historical significance. The narcissistic pastime of nostalgic bores.
Guy Deutscher, The Unfolding of Language: An Evolutionary Tour of Mankind's Greatest Invention|I believe in one, that all people are just one a stage and everyone has his role in this stage. The life is seasons, with episodes every die and event which happen. Happen in a new chapter. You probably ask about the speech??? Easy, answer the speech is programmed up to the infinity so everything is allowed, it's just a brain programmed with the needed stuff the other is just taken from books, films and life!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Man be merciful, for your Maker is merciful.
Robert M. Drake|The fear of loving a dog, is knowing one day they’ll be gone and you could never find eyes that express all that you feel.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|We are talking about a bet, remember, and Pascal wasn't claiming that his wager enjoyed anything but very long odds. Would you bet on God's valuing dishonestly faked belief (or even honest belief) over honest scepticism?
George Gordon Byron|She felt like Captain Ahab, for the first time sighting his great white whale.
Muhammad Iqbal|The foreigners come out here always to teach, whereas they had much better learn, for, in everything but wits and knowledge, the Arab is generally the better man of the two.
Gunter Blobel|Copywriting cuts the communication cord between word and feeling. By offering instant gratification, it atrophies more subtle emotions.
Coco J. Ginger|…..she needed him to know she did not care. She was spirited, tenacious, and full of contempt for him.
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|To be enslaved then, you needed to be ignorant. To be enslaved today, you need to be knowledgeable.
Frank B. Kellogg|Obviously, the greater the length of a war the higher is likely to be the number of casualties in it on either side.
Vikas Swarup|You should take a good look at all sides of an issue before making a decision. Put something away in case of an emergency. New neighbors will bring good cheer. A small problem may occur at home base, but you will solve it quickly and correctly. Don’t offer smart advice unless you are really asked to comment.
Sarah A. Denzil, Silent Child|Weakness is acceptable, forgivable, around family. But not when lives and wars hang in the balance.
Will   Collins, A Darker Shade of Sorcery|Evan guessed what the monster was going to do a second before it happened. He seized Jed’s collar and pulled him down as the Psyking spewed forth a torrent of icy vapour. The frost fire stuck the rock behind them, turning it into an icicle.
Malcolm Muggeridge, The End of Christendom|There's a large strain of irony in our human affairs... Interwoven with our affairs is this wonderful spirit of irony which prevents us from ever being utterly and irretrievably serious, from being unaware of the mysterious nature of our existence.
Augusten Burroughs, This Is How: Proven Aid in Overcoming Shyness, Molestation, Fatness, Spinsterhood, Grief, Disease, Lushery, Decrepitude & More. For Young and Old Alike.|Even painfully shy and awkward people are not painfully shy or awkward when they are alone. The way to access this natural, comfortable alone-self when you are with others is by choosing to forbid yourself to wonder what "they" are thinking. Instead, force yourself to exist in the instant, then take it- and give it- as it comes.
Catherine Doyle, Mafiosa|There is a certain new ferocity in her eyes now. A certain new thing that was not there before. I recognize it as scar tissue. When a bone breaks, it heals stronger in the cracks. I realize this is what is happening to her heart.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I now know that success can not choose me. It is waiting on a path that I must walk. In truth, it waits there for everyone.Many do not know where the path begins. Some search for a shortcut to the end. But the majority of the world does not even realise there is a path there at all.I have been shown the start of that path and I am ready.
Bette Lee Crosby, The Regrets of Cyrus Dodd|Church words are easy to say, but they're not so easy to live by.
Mary Lou Jepsen|I have at last admitted that not only was I angry with my mother, but, in fact, I wanted to destroy her as a child. And I was so concerned to be a woman who was different from my mother that I had this vast architecture of rules.
Nancy Gibbs|I think that for all of the dangers of technology spreading, I think it is more dangerous in some ways that it doesn't. My simple reason for that is we've got 7 billion people on the planet, and we have these very serious problems, and I think we don't know who's going to have the answers to the problems that are coming around the bend.
Jodi Picoult|Hitherto I had been convinced that my friend wanted to become an artist, a painter, or perhaps an architect. Now this was no longer the case. Now he aspired to something higher, which I could not yet fully grasp. It rather surprised me, as I thought that the vocation of the artist was for him the highest, most desirable goal. But now he was talking of a mandate which, one day, he would receive from the people, to lead them out of servitude to the heights of freedom.It was an unknown youth who spoke to me in that strange hour. He spoke of a special mission which one day would be entrusted to him, and I, his only listener, could hardly understand what he meant. Many years had to pass before I realized the significance of this enraptured hour for my friend.
Bryan White|The vibe of my wedding is kind of going to be ethereal. Simple and modern, in a way, but with a lot of greenery. So, eucalyptus, olive branches, moss, and candles - it's going to be very... I want it to feel very comfortable, but obviously sleek.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I invited him over and he stayed forever. I feed him all my bread, the old peppers turned to mush & fluorescent mold, the chicken thighs unthawed & boneless. He ask for more so I give him my left leg. He ask for more & I give him my lungs & lips. More still, and there goes my bladder. He eats it all, all of me, eats the whole damn house, & I live forever in him or maybe it's the other way around. I swallowed. I swallowed him whole & didn't even notice him thrashing inside me.
Paracelsus|I don't like formal gardens. I like wild nature. It's just the wilderness instinct in me, I guess.
Gabby Bess|If originality is a “sense of novelty and freshness” then, in the act of constructing ourselves, originality is not the goal. We construct a self-portrait, relying on existing objects – books, quotes from authors and artists, images, art – that we are more than happy to show off to others for them to use as masturbation material or for the material by which they align themselves. This is the new action painting – the curational archive. The referential self portrait. The portrait of any other artist could be readily used to explain yourself, just reblog it and caption it with “same.” The past consistently becomes the present, not through linear time, but through the constant reconstruction and relabeling of it.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|His home was populated by things and creatures from Niall Lynch's dreams, and his mother was just another one of them
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|People would rather live in a community with unreasonable claims, than face loneliness with their truth
Augustine of Hippo|To fall in love with God is the greatest romance; to seek him the greatest adventure; to find him, the greatest human achievement.
L.J. Smith, The Captive Part II / The Power|Grandma, please don’t go. I’m frightened., Grandma. I need you!” “…never be afraid, Cassie. There’s nothing frightening in the dark if you just face it…
Brenda Hillman|While I slept you stood in thecolorful night marketwith pyramids of brightfruit piled highWhere those who loved you,rushing back to their intimate stalls,held out pears that had beendreamed for youAnd would the dream pear notcome gladlyonce it knew this was youwanting to take it in?The dream pear chose reality,wanting your mouth as I did -Honestly, it was happy to be bitten.
Padgett Powell|Christmas is the season I use to clock failure in life. It stops time, as it were, on the year - where you are in it, where you are in your travail unto the grave.
Vernon D. Burns, Gods of the Jungle Planet|When one contemplated Portia, when one contemplated Sharon, when one contemplated one's own apparently pointless, utterly trivial being, the questions hung all around one, as urgent as knives at the throat. But the instant one tried to grasp one of them and turn it to one's own purpose and pierce through the murk, it became blunt and useless as a piece of cardboard.
Stephen King|Fantasy has a dark side to it. It also has a light hemisphere - the power of the human imagination to keep going, to imagine a better tomorrow.
Clive Sinclair|Green Arrow has gone through so many changes; he's been right-wing, he's been left-wing, he's been rich, he's been poor, he's been a social justice guy, then when I got him, he was a rich playboy guy. So it was a lot harder to get into a character that has so many personas in the past, and I just looked at his anger.
Firas Alkhateeb, Lost Islamic History: Reclaiming Muslim Civilisation from the Past|During Uthman's caliphate, a Muslim embassy was sent to China to establish diplomatic relations
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia Meet the Fairies|The room was full of magical objects, animals, photographs, paintings, strange looking plants and many flying books. I only found this room a few days ago and it seems that it keeps changing every time I come.
Shannon L. Alder|There is no end to the things you don’t understand. The mind will search for a lie to give it an answer you can understand, but one song at the right time will challenge what you accept.
David Liss, A Conspiracy of Paper|I fear we face a new kind of man along with this new kind of affluence. When lands meant wealth, men could perhaps have enough. Too much land was difficult to govern. But with paper money, more is simply more. In France, you know, where they suffer from their own financial mania, they have a word - the millionaire - to denote men whose wealth is measured in the millions. Millions. It is inconceivable, but there are more than a few men who hold this title.
Cherise Sinclair|Talk about insanity. Being attracted to deVries was like a moth saying, "Hey, let's go check out that awesome bonfire".
Justin Bieber|I wrote the song 'Down to Earth' a few years ago, and i was really excited to record it for My World album. It's a huge fan favourite. So many people feel where i'm coming from. It doesn't need any spectacular stage effects in the touring show; the best thing i can do is just sing it straight from my heart. I'm not afraid to show my emotions; if you love someone, you should tell them. If you think a girl is beautiful, you should say that. Usher says some songs work best when there's a sob in the singer's voice. You gotta let that deep feeling come through. And that's how i felt about this song. Sometimes the emotion of it is enough to bring tears to my eyes.
Ashwin Sanghi|If you destroy the foundations of anything, the structure will collapse. If you want to destroy any building, you are guaranteed early success if you destroy the foundations.
Adam Johnson, The Orphan Master's Son|Today, tomorrow," she said. "A day is nothing. A day is just a match you strike after the ten thousand matches before it have gone out.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|He’s the president now, but he’s still Matt. My first crush, my first love. And I know that after Matt, I’ll never want or love another man again.
OlgaGOA|I want to forget myself in you..." #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
Kass Morgan, Homecoming|Bellamy took Clarke’s hand, then leaned in and whispered, “Should we go check on your parents?” She turned to him and tilted her head to the side. “Don’t you think it’s a little early to be meeting my parents?” she teased. “After all, we’ve been dating less than a month.” “A month in Earth time is like, ten years in space time, don’t you think?” Clarke nodded. “You’re right. And I suppose that means that I can’t get mad at you if you decide to call it off after a few months, because that’s really a few decades.” Bellamy wrapped his arm around her waist and drew her close. “I want to spend eons with you, Clarke Griffin.”She rose onto her toes and kissed his cheek. “Glad to hear it, because there’s no going back now. We’re here for good.
Abiola Abrams, The Sacred Bombshell Handbook of Self-Love|The next time you get scared, get sacred!
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|When you don’t understand what is happening, you need to wait, trust God, and rest in His care. He is always faithful to His own.
Eric Johnson|When I opened the world's largest Internet cafe, certified by the 'Guinness Book of Records,' in Times Square in New York, I was live on 'Good Morning America,' and for me, that was an achievement.
Daniel L. Schacter, The Seven Sins of Memory: How the Mind Forgets and Remembers|Experiences that we remember intrusively, despite desperately wanting to banish them from our minds, are closely linked to, and sometimes threaten, our perceptions of who we are and who we would like to be.
John Lennon|You do not see any improvements you would make?"Miss Harding's smile turned mischievous. "Not at present. But I should have to see the inside. That is where ladies really excel, you know, in curtains and cushions and such.""Indeed," David murmured, remembering how Maude had filled the London house with bolts and piles of fabrics and wallpapers and pillows the instant they arrived. Everything in the very latest style. And then he thought of Emma's cosy sitting room, all books and family portraits and dog beds.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone|I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose. A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort that he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things, so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands upon it. Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain-attic. He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect order. It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent. Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
Tom Glazer|So if diva means giving your best, then yes, I guess I am a diva.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|One of the rarest and most beautiful things in this world is to meet someone who has the ability to intoxicate you. Every moment with her was exhilarating, and every moment without her was spent captivated by thoughts about her. She was like the finest of wines. And I was getting drunk.
Richard Price, Clockers|Golden bars make no less a prisonthan a coffin on a hill.And in caged reformation,one wanders aimless still.The rafters now a recollectionof sacred suppression.How the morning dawnstrikes mourning confession.Now Death yields a harvestof the living masses.We walk toward its pathno earthly power surpasses.
Henry A. Wallace|I was sure I'd set the world on fire, and it was hard for a young feller like me to realize the truth - that I hadn't set the world on fire, and I was totally unprepared to handle the consequences if 'The Big Trail' had been a success and launched me as a star.
William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist|We mourn the blossoms of May because they are to whither; but we know that May is one day to have its revenge upon November, by the revolution of that solemn circle which never stops---which teaches us in our height of hope, ever to be sober, and in our depth of desolation, never to despair.
China Miéville, London's Overthrow|In 1987 Senator Jesse Helms, stated "it is no secret that the international bankers profiteer form sovereign state debt. The New York banks have found important profit centers in lending to countries plunged into debt by Socialist regimes. Under Socialist regimes, countries go deeper and deeper into debt because Socialism as an economic system does not work. International bankers are sophisticated enough to understand this phenomenon and they are sophisticated enough to profit from it.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|Life was a bloody battlefield until I conquered the enemy and won the war. Now, life is a journey, and I am a warrior. Prepared for anything and weakened by nothing. There are hills and dales, mountains and plateaus, blind spots and brilliant vistas, but none of that matters. All that matters is my second chance, and the only thing capable of disrupting my path, is myself.
Randall G. Leighton|Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|I'm not an Emontional, but how???I live with the thought that "Nothing can be returned, it has happen and it can't be changed", "..But probably it is for good".
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|As long as you do things for God, you are a Hall of Famer in heaven's list.
Ian Hacking, Why Does Language Matter to Philosophy?|Both [Quine and Feyerabend] want to revise a version of positivism. Quine started with the Vienna Circle, and Feyerabend with the Copenhagen school of quantum mechanics. Both the Circle and the school have been called children of Ernst Mach; if so, the philosophies of Feyerabend and Quine must be his grandchildren.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|What trouble have you brought to my doorstep, Beka?" she asked."I don't see where blaming me for things that began months ago will be useful," I replied.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|Is there one in particular, Tennyson?” Henry said, ducking out from under her arm. “I could arrange a meeting.” “Yeah, the one from Texas…what’s his name?”“That would be Dylan. But he’s a nice guy and you’d break his heart. He dropped out of Texas A&M to come up here and saddle bum around with my horses year-round. Knowing your dad, I think you’d better be looking for a pre-med honors student.”“Leave my dad out of this.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Casting my own eye down Fifth Avenue as my belly swelled, I would register with incredulity: Every one of these people came from a woman's cunt.
Yash Bansal|There is no such thing as senility when it comes to envy, greed laziness, wrath and pride. It's her destructive character from childhood." ~ Angelica Hopes, If I Could Tell You
Don Roff|Though the heart may be cracked wide, pain can still seep in.
Christiane Nusslein-Volhard|The purest case of an intelligence explosion would be an Artificial Intelligence rewriting its own source code. The key idea is that if you can improve intelligence even a little, the process accelerates. It's a tipping point. Like trying to balance a pen on one end - as soon as it tilts even a little, it quickly falls the rest of the way.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|...what science cannot explain is the psychic effect of this 'mother of all plants,' the sense of the numinous and the spiritual world it reportedly opens up. Those who drink say that each ayahuasca journey is unique. They say that the spirit of the vine comes alive, it guides and teaches, and on the other side nothing is ever the same. Or so they say.
Mariah Carey|I've been working on my craft for a long time. People never want to let go of the whole 'Glitter,'... I'm like, 'It's eight years later, people. Let's move on.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Religious discrimination is not like racial discrimination. One you chose for yourself, the other God chose for you.
Daley Thompson|At Reliance Foundation schools, we lay special emphasis on value-based education, sports, and overall development of students. That is why the teacher-students ratio is kept at a healthy 1:20 so that all children get proper attention in class.
Savannah Stuart, Power Unleashed|Are you nervous?"...	"A little."	"Do you want to stop?"	"No, just go slow."	"I can do that." He could do any damn thing she asked of him.
Loreth Anne White, A Dark Lure|A real friend would have given you a drink by now.""Looks like an old friend just did.
Jimmy Carter, Sources of Strength: Meditations on Scripture for a Living Faith|Failure is a reality; we all fail at times, and it's painful when we do. But it's better to fail while striving for something wonderful, challenging, adventurous, and uncertain than to say, " I don't want to try because I may not succeed completely.
Andrew     Miller, Dub Steps|I wrote a book on cats. In retrospect, I should have used paper, cause chapter six got hit by a car.
Issey Miyake|Electromagnetic theory and experiment gave us the telephone, radio, TV, computers, and made the internal combustion engine practical - thus, the car and airplane, leading inevitably to the rocket and outer-space exploration.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|As we increase in our awareness and our integration of Self the process of integration grows and expands as we begin to incorporate the fullness of our nature, that of our spiritual nature or our Soul.
Jena Morrow, Hollow: An Unpolished Tale|I am forever engaged in a silent battle in my head over whether or not to lift the fork to my mouth, and when I talk myself into doing so, I taste only shame. I have an eating disorder.
Hilaire Belloc|Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|We can ignore even pleasure. But pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our conscience, but shouts in our pains: it is His megaphone to rouse a deaf world....No doubt pain as God's megaphone is a terrible instrument; it may lead to final and unrepented rebellion. But it gives the only opportunity the bad man can have for amendment. it removes the veil; it plants the flag of truth within the fortress of the rebel soul.
Belle Aurora, Friend-Zoned|Everyone got behind Fox, the name the guys had dubbed the red truck."Fox?" I asked, raising an eyebrow."Yeah," Isaac said with a grin. "Our truck is hot, like Megan Fox.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Well, if you weren't flirting with him"-his voice had now grown a little plaintive-"who was he, and what did you want with him anyway?""If you are so determined to bore me, I may just have to go home." Astrid sighed carelessly, "What a shame, when I am wearing such a pretty dress.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Regardless of type, however, the mechanism of a religion works like this: children, from the time they can communicate, are taught to see reality in a certain way. They are indoctrinated with a pre-defined belief structure and value set. Naive, open to such teaching, given only the religious viewpoint and perhaps punished or ostracized if they don’t accept it, most ultimately absorb and mimic the religion outright.
Kei Miller, Augustown|Chronically awkward people can feel like everyone else received a secret instruction manual at birth titled "How to be Socially Competent." For the awkward person, this dreamy manual would provide easy-to-understand, step-by-step instructions on how to gracefully navigate social life, avoid embarrassing faux pas, and rid oneself of the persistent anxiety that comes with being awkward.
Hayley Williams|There’s still other songs that I think that would never be on the radio that get, it’s a different kind of response. Part II, there’s just nothing like that. That song will never be on a radio station. … that song doesn’t need that sort of following in order to connect.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|There is a world outside the one we know,” he said softly, “with cultures and races and armies who have never heard of us. Yes, and cities greater than Yenking and Karakorum. To survive, to grow, we must remain strong. We must conquer new lands, so that our army is always fed, always moving. To stop is to die, Chagatai.
Jim DeMint|Yeah, I left Idaho at 17. You know, I graduated high school a year early and just, you know, the typical story, packed up my car and moved out.
T.S. Eliot|The dripping blood our only drink,The bloody flesh our only food:In spite of which we like to thinkThat we are sound, substantial flesh and blood--Again, in spite of that, we call this Friday good.
Helen Keller|Perfect happiness would be knowing that all my family and friends were happy and safe. Then I'd go to a tropical island with my husband where it was gorgeous and fun all day long and interesting and fun all evening. Good food and dancing would be nice, too, and weekly visits from those safe and happy family and friends. Plus world peace.
Jessica Shirvington, Embrace|If I didn't have Lincoln's butt to stare at the whole time, motivation would be a lot harder to come by.
Dan Mager, Some Assembly Required: A Balanced Approach to Recovery from Addiction and Chronic Pain|Just because a path never existed, doesn't mean that it isn't there...
Valery Bryusov, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|Thus spoke the Beauty and her voice had a cheerful ring, and her face was aflame with a great rejoicing. She finished her story and began to laugh quietly, but not cheerfully. The Youth bowed down before her and silently kissed her hands, inhaling the languid fragrance of myrrh, aloe and musk which wafted from her body and her fine robes. The Beauty began to speak again.'There came to me streams of oppressors, because my evil, poisonous beauty bewitches them. I smile at them, they who are doomed to death, and I feel pity for each of them, and some I almost loved, but I gave myself to no one. Each one I gave but one single kiss — and my kisses were innocent as the kisses of a tender sister. And whomsoever I kissed, died.'The soul of the troubled Youth was caught in agony, between two quite irresolvable passions, the terror of death and an inexpressible ecstasy. But love, conquering all, overcoming even the anguish of death's grief, was triumphant once again today. Solemnly stretching out his trembling hands to the tender and terrifying Beauty, the Youth exclaimed, 'If death is in your kiss, o beloved, let me revel in the infinity of death. Cling to me, kiss me, love me, envelop me with the sweet fragrance of your poisonous breath, death after death pour into my body and into my soul before you destroy everything that once was me!''You want to! You are not afraid!' exclaimed the Beauty.The face of the Beauty was pale in the rays of the lifeless moon, like a guttering candle, and the lightning in her sad and joyful eyes was trembling and blue. With a trusting movement, tender and passionate, she clung to the Youth and her naked, slender arms were entwined about his neck.'We shall die together!' she whispered. 'We shall die together. All the poison of my heart is afire and flaming streams are rushing through my veins, and I am all enveloped in some great holocaust.''I am aflame!' whispered the Youth, 'I am being consumed in your embraces and you and I are two flaming fires, burning with the immense ecstasy of a poisonous love.'The sad and lifeless moon grew dim and fell in the sky — and the black night came and stood watch. It concealed the secret of love and kisses, fragrant and poisonous, with gloom and solitude. And it listened to the harmonious beating of two hearts growing quieter, and in the frail silence it watched over the final delicate sighs.And so, in the poisonous Garden, having breathed the fragrances which the Beauty breathed, and having drunk the sweetness of her love so tenderly and fatally compassionate, the beautiful Youth died. And on his breast the Beauty died, having delivered her poisonous but fragrant soul up to sweet ecstasies.("The Poison Garden")
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Writing a book is like raising a child, the only difference is you don’t have the fucking part in writing a book.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Friends can become enemies, and enemies can become friends. Ego and pride can turn what is good into bad, and kind words can turn what is bad into something good.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|She lifted her head in surprise, following his line of sight above the tree line. Beyond the distant peaks, a green and blue symphony of lights had begun. It rippled and shimmered like sunshine on water, leaving Rich blinking back tears. He'd read something about this but had never seen it before.“It's the aurora borealis,” Lou said quietly. “Northern lights.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|I have seen an evil thing this night,' he said; 'I have seen how the dead drink the blood of the living. And the blood is the life.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|Jericho stopped him before he left. He slid the ring off his finger and handed it to him. "Take this."Asmodeus curled his lip as he shrank back from it. "I'm not about to marry your ugly ass, boy. No offense, but you ain't my type. I like my dates with less body hair... and with female parts attached by nature."Jericho let out an aggravated growl. "It's not a wedding ring, asshole. It's Berith's ring. You get into trouble you can summon him to help you get out of there."That completely changed his attitude. "Oh, hey, that could be worth an engagement to you." Asmodeus grinned as he palmed it. "If I'm back in a few hours... well, I don't want to think about that. I might change my mind about doing this. I'm thinking happy thoughts. Creamed dog innards and rotten steak. Yeah. Yum." He vanished.
Esther Abraham Hicks|I may be wrong, but I doubt it.
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|The dogs came racing up the stairs. They danced at Rima's feet, frantic with the need to communicate something to her. Little Timmy's down the well! Feed us ice cream and potato chips! Sometimes there's a benefit to not sharing a language.
Thich Nhat Hanh|No matter what happens to me and my career in the future, Berlin is always going to be my hometown.
Douglas Kennedy|Words matter, words have import.
P.L. Travers, The Fox at the Manger|It was dusk and the light had an ultra-violet quality to it, a final burst of pigmentation as night and day rushed at each other in a clash of colour prisms before darkness finnaly, inevitably won out.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Love: The Joy That Wounds: The Love Poems of Rumi|You are my wine, my joy,My garden, my springtime,My slumber, my repose,Without you, I can't cope.
