Stephen Colbert|If women are breadwinners and men bring home the bacon, why do people complain about having no dough? I'm confused. Also hungry.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Your choices are the reason you are who you are today. When you look back, maybe thinking you shouldn't have done a particular thing, don't stay there. Live for this very moment. After all, this moment is what really matters, your past has come and gone. Move on,
Gertrude B. Elion|There is no way to deter old age from its grim duty, but a life of accomplishments makes up in quality for what it cannot add in quantity.
Adyashanti|This surprised me because it made me realize that what I sought was not outside myself. It was within me, already there, waiting. Awakening was really the act of remembering myself, remembering this deep Feminine Source.
Benjamin Percy|I'm a painter, really. To be successful, you have to go to Hollywood, and I didn't like to travel.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|One moment several things are possible, the next moment only one happens, and the rest don't exist. Except that other worlds have sprung into being, on which the did happen.
Jorge Cruise|I grew up playing music and enjoying good food, friends and family in my own backyard.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t be a prude, or snobbish, but let your life “glow” for Christ. We are lamps shining in the darkness.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tertiary Phase|Maugham then offers the greatest advice anyone could give to a young author: "At the end of an interrogation sentence, place a question mark. You'd be surprised how effective it can be.
Mohammad Azharuddin|I make a mean pecan pie, and I have a great recipe for pralines - also using pecans. Pralines take a lot of patience, and patience is a must in the duck blind as well as in the kitchen. Good things come to those who wait.
Suzy  Davies, Snugs The Snow Bear|What would it be like, a world without snow? I cannot imagine such a place. It would be like a world devoid of numbers. Every snowflake, unique as every number, tells us something about complexity. Perhaps that is why we will never tire of its wonder.
Jack Gilbert, Collected Poems|The woman is not just a pleasure, nor even a problem. She is a meniscus that allows the absolute to have a shape, that lets him skate however briefly on the mystery, her presence luminous on the ordinary and the grand. Like the odor at night in Pittsburgh’s empty streets after summer rain on maples and sycamore.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|He remembered Apollo, smiling and tanned and completely cool in his shades. Thalia had said, He’s hot. He’s the sun god, Percy replied. That’s not what I meant. Why was Nico thinking about that now? The random memory irritated him, made him feel jittery.
Kris Kidd|If I told you that I imagine love to be a two-way mirror, which side of the mirror would you imagine me standing on?
Emma Mildon, The Soul Searcher's Handbook: A Modern Girl's Guide to the New Age World|Whoever God loves, satan hates; whoever God blesses, satan tries to curse. I believe, without a doubt, that the enemy tries to get to God through us — his children and the apples of His eye.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|Every good quality runs into a defect; economy borders on avarice, the generous are not far from the prodigal, the brave man is close to the bully; he who is very pious is slightly sanctimonious; there are just as many vices to virtue as there are holes in the mantle of Diogenes.
Kester Brewin, Other: Loving Self, God And Neighbour In A World Of Fractures|Jesus’ incarnation and ministry thus present us with the final critique of strategic religion; on the cross, where we see God almost deliberately ‘lose’ – as if duped into being strung up by a scheming, fearful group of clerics – we see the end of power games. God will not play. I sincerely believe that if the Church allows itself to be tied up in strategies, into ‘winning’ people for Christ, it will end inexorably moving towards power-politics, towards support for wars, and away from genuine concern for the ‘other’.
Jimmy Buffett|I was a very sickly kid. While I was in the hospital at age 7, my Dad brought me a stack of comic books to keep me occupied. I was hooked.
Mark Twain|That is human nature, that people come after you, willingly enough, provided only that you no longer love or want them.
A.W. Tozer, The Attributes of God: A Journey Into the Father's Heart|What is it the Bible teaches us? — repine, cruelty, and murder. What is it the Testament teaches us? — to believe that the Almighty committed debauchery with a woman engaged to be married; and the belief of this debauchery is called faith.
Mitch Kapor|Well, I had a lot of help from my father with the soldering and so on, and he was very good at math and was fascinated with computers, and so I was fortunate enough to have a bunch of exposure going all the way back to high school - this was in the 1960s.
Travis Thrasher, A Robertson Family Christmas|For parents, the days are long but the years are short.
Nayana Currimbhoy, Miss Timmins' School for Girls|Only me, eh? Is that how you see yourself? Only you is worth a good deal more than you think.
Bediüzzaman Said Nursî|When you see a person who has been given more than you in money and beauty, then look to those who have been given less.
Petra Hermans|God's government is perfect and just. His moral law is "holy, righteous and good" (Romans 7:12). No one ever has a valid reason to rebel against the government of God. We rebel for only one reason: We were born rebellious. We were born with a perverse inclination to go our own way, to set up our own internal government rather than submit to God.
Orville Wright|Be prepared, work hard, and hope for a little luck. Recognize that the harder you work and the better prepared you are, the more luck you might have.
Sasha Banks|The amazing thing about the sea is that it is perhaps the last truly unexplored frontier; most oceanographers estimate that only about ninety-five per cent of the sea has been studied. Meanwhile, the oceans are believed to contain more animals than exist on land, a majority of which have never been discovered.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|If I can trust the word of a friend, why do I question the word of the God of the universe? Go figure. Sin is truly bizarre." [Running Scared, p. 111]
Ursula K. Le Guin|We all start out the same in our mothers' wombs. We, all of us, when floating in the amniotic sea of our earliest oblivion, have gonads. If the Y chromosome didn't swoop in to act on the gonads of some of us and make testes, we would all become women. In biology, the Genesis story is reversed: Adam becomes Adam out of Eve, not the other way around.
Debasish Mridha|I often cry, not from sadness, from the joy of the miraculous beauty of life.
Ray Kurzweil|Intelligence is the faculty of making artificial objects, especially tools to make tools.
Rebecca McNutt|More pathetic than the digital age is the people who love it. They buy right into the "newer is always better" ideology and they can't seem to grasp that the fun of VHS tapes, super 8 film, darkroom photography and vinyl records is far more worthwhile and human than the cold, high-tech atmosphere of everything being digitized. As the 21st century progresses, yeah, we'll have our Netflix and our cellular phones and our artificial intelligence and our implanted microchips - and future generations will have lost something valuable. Sadly, they won't even know what they've lost because we're taking it all away from them.
Carolyn Turgeon, Mermaid|But why?" Vimbai whispered, overwhelmed with the weight of accumulated disbelief. "What is happening to us?""Who knows?" Maya shrugged. "Who cares? Enjoy it while you can, why don't you? There will be tons of boring shit in your life, okay? I promise.
E Nesbit, Five Children and It Illustrated Edition|Lastly, people seemed to think that morality was the same thing as being politically correct, and it wasn't. Some of the most deeply moral people I knew were least politically correct, because they actually worried about good and evil, not just what they were told was good or bad.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|We could choose to celebrate our differences, rather than over-analyze them. This might help us become more realistic about the generalizations to which we subscribe. For example, consider this. If women are the overemotional ones, why do so many bar fights break out between men? Such brawls do not spring from logical, calm places.
Elizabeth Gilbert|The free-will of men and the sovereignty of God are operationally co-existent, neither Reality impunes the 'co-dependent' authority of the other".R. Alan Woods [2012]
Keegan Allen|I learned very early that our health is always impaired by some excess either of food or abstinence, and I never had any physician except myself.
Kare Anderson, Moving From Me to We|To turn the page to the next chapter of a more satisfying life-as-adventure, these steps that have proved fruitful for me -- when I've actually followed them.1. Find Your True North to Become More JoyfulFirst be clear about choosing a goal that rings true. Forget "should" or adopting someone else's goal for you.2. Picture Being Your HeroAfraid you will fail? Supplant your fear with a greater motivation. When you are tempted to fall back, picture how you'll feel when you succeed. ." Rather than talking about what you are giving up or how you might fail, reflect upon and discuss the benefits you clearly see.3. Surround Yourself With Mutual Support SystemsTo keep your resolve, surround yourself with those who want you to succeed - and who are also on a path of practice. Agree on shared and individual behaviors that reinforce your mutual support. The authors of Influencer found that is the only way to permanently change.4. Involve Your Senses To Stay On Your PathTie your goal for your new chapter to your frequent experiences. Write it down. Say it out loud. Associate it with things you see, hear, smell, taste and touch every day. Plant sticky messages on your bathroom mirror, your car dashboard and smart device screen. Smell your shampoo and connect it with living that chapter. Brush your teeth and feel the motion towards it.5. Notice Where You Get DetouredNotice your pattern of avoidance. What activities get you sidetracked? What time of day or day of the week is it most likely to happen? What else is happening that can numb you into avoidance? What colleagues and friends help or hinder you on your path? Conversely, when are your stronger moments?6. Plan A Grand RewardThe bigger the change, the larger the reward you deserve. Enable others who supported you, to savor it with you. Since behavior is contagious to the third degree, you don't know which friends, and friends of your friends' friends might be moved, by your example, to also turn the page to the next chapter of the adventure story they were meant to live.
Alexandria Marzano-Lesnevich, The Fact of a Body: A Murder and a Memoir|Did it do me any good, early in life, to believe so many things which were not true? Or did it damage me? Pouring a foundation of disappointment, of uncertainty.
Swami Sivananda|Indeed, we often mark our progress in science by improvements in imaging.
Jorge Ramos|The people, and the people alone, are the motive force in the making of world history.
Clarence Day Jr.|As time goes on, new and remoter aspects of truth are discovered which can seldom be fitted into creeds that are changeless.
Nicola  Slade, The Dead Queen's Garden|Charlotte Richmond says of herself: “I have few ladylike accomplishments. I cannot sing, I cannot draw, I cannot play the pianoforte or the harp and I cannot produce delicately beautiful embroideries. Sadly, the ability to do quantities of mending, to cook a good plain dinner and to shoot a marauding crocodile as I once did, is not appreciated in Polite Society.
Nikita Dudani|When my grandmother comes to dinner at our house she always carries her own jar of Turner’s Special Blend. She knows how much she needs and doesn’t want to be caught short. My brother remembers her at Christmas one year, an especially weepy time for her, when she put her hands around his neck and murmured, My little angel, you wouldn’t be so hard to kill. And though he knew it was only the whiskey talking, he also knew that the whiskey talked daily.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Ah college years, those were the days. Pure freedom ... leaving home for the first time…the parties…”"What about the tutorials, the lectures, the large building with all the books called the ‘library’?”“Is that what those were?” Gerry blithely replied.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|Impulsively, I lean forward and kiss him, stopping his word. This is probably overdue anyway since he’s right, we are supposed to be madly in love.
John Battelle|I definitely do like change. I don't know if my hairstyles reflect that, but I don't like the same old thing all the time.
Zongtrul Losang Tsöndru, Chöd in the Ganden Tradition: The Oral Instructions of Kyabje Zong Rinpoche|Siddhartha considered the ways of the demon, and in that moment he struck.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Wait for You|Don't you want to know what cookies is a code word for?" "No! Good God, no!
Penny Reid, Love Hacked|As he walked past the newsstand, he couldn't help sniffing the air, searching for hints of bacon, coconut, and vanilla. Combined with John's declaration that he needed to get laid, he couldn't get that smell off his mind, or her adorable freckles, or the broken expression on her face as she blew past him on the sidewalk. Such a marvelous creature deserved someone who understood her talents- someone like him, perhaps.
Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance|After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|If you look up "charming" in the dictionary, you'll see that it not only has references to strong attraction, but to spells and magic. Then again, what are liars if not great magicians?
Sydney J. Harris|I realized that every lesson, conference, response, and assignment I taught must lead students away from me and toward their autonomy as literate people.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|When there is no tension between the inner beingness and that which is being expressed, there is grace.
Maura Madden, Crafternoon: A Guide to Getting Artsy and Crafty with Your Friends All Year Long|Craft can be practiced by anyone, regardless of the skill or artistry that has come to be demanded by those who preach craft. Like a good meal, a good Crafternoon shouldn't need much - a few quality ingredients, a couple of good friends, and a little bit of creativity.
Cormac McCarthy, No Country for Old Men|Well, I guess in all honesty I would have to say that I never knew nor did I ever hear of anybody that money didnt change.
John Green, Paper Towns|In The Shadow Of The NightAll the clouds are gray, and the sky is dark as night. Soft words are spoken, and there's a twinkle, of a flicker of light.The presence of a Man walks by, and Mighty and Powerful is He.Kneeling down to pray, He says a prayer for me.The sky becomes brighter, and the leaves of the trees turn green.The flowers begin to bloom, and there's a warm gentle breeze.Thank you Lord for setting me free...
Sarah Thebarge|As I watched them file down the stairs, I didn't cry and I wasn't afraid. But I couldn't tell if it was Jesus or the gin.
David G. McAfee|To a good approximation, all species are insects.
David W. Earle|We ardently desire to take down our masks and say to the world, “This is who I am…and I am okay.” This is simple…not easy.
C.J. Redwine, The Wish Granter|Son-- "We don't need ladders, we have obsidian, bro."Mommy's thoughts-- "............................... .......fucking minecraft
Bill Jensen|If you are a senior executive, you need to embrace each individual’s right to choose his or her own hardships — and you must talk about that openly, candidly.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|And I know, knew for sure, with an absolute certainty, that this is rock bottom, this what the worst possible thing feels like. It is not some grand, wretched emotional breakdown. It is, in fact, so very mundane:…Rock Bottom is an inability to cope with the commonplace that is so extreme it makes even the grandest and loveliest things unbearable…Rock bottom is feeling that the only thing that matters in all of life is the one bad moment…Rock bottom is everything out of focus. It’s a failure of vision, a failure to see the world how it is, to see the good in what it is, and only to wonder why the hell things look the way they do and not—and not some other way.
Marcel Proust|But when from a long-distant past nothing subsists, after the people are dead, after the things are broken and scattered, taste and smell alone, more fragile but more enduring, more unsubstantial, more persistent, more faithful, remain poised a long time, like souls, remembering, waiting, hoping, amid the ruins of all the rest; and bear unflinchingly, in the tiny and almost impalpable drop of their essence, the vast structure of recollection.
Anthea Turner|White people couldn't do black music back in the day because they weren't funky or bad enough. They weren't from the ghettoes, but hip-hop and R&B changed all of that because white kids want to be down with it. They wanted to learn it so they studied the culture. It's kind of a cool thing because we shouldn't be so separate.
Sadiqua Hamdan, Happy Am I. Holy Am I. Healthy Am I.|Magazine and television advertisements have me subconsciously believing that a sexy airbrushed image can sell a lot more canned tomatoes than without this image. Who’s to say that a dolled up vagina can’t buy me love? Yet this is what we teach our daughters through these images. It’s the makeup, manicures, pedicures, closet full of clothes, the size of our boobs, the perfection of our skin and shininess of our hair – this is what secures us love. We teach our sons to love women who look a certain way. We teach our men to support this belief system, and it’s constantly reinforced by false advertisements. It’s like that one cheesy but lovable song we can’t stop playing. We may forget about it for a while, but the minute we hear it again, it’s on repeat a few hundred times.“How can we be lovers if we can’t be friends?” you may ask. This is a question for Michael Bolton and whoever wrote the lyrics to it.
Michael Barrett, A Calendar of Scottish Saints|When Abbess Ebba received tidings of the near approach of the pagan hordes, who had already wrecked vengeance upon ecclesiastics, monks, and consecrated virgins, she summoned her nuns to Chapter, and in a moving discourse exhorted them to preserve at any cost the treasure of their chastity. Then seizing a razor, and calling upon her daughters to follow her heroic example, she mutilated her face in order to inspire the barbarian invaders with horror at the sight. The nuns without exception courageously followed the example of their abbess. When the Danes broke into the cloister and saw the nuns with faces thus disfigured, they fled in panic. Their leaders, burning with rage, sent back some of their number to set fire to the monastery, and thus the heroic martyrs perished in the common ruin of their house.
Emmanuel Macron|Christian children should be taught at an early age that everything they receive is because of God's grace and love. They will grow up more appreciative and begin to understand that they, too, must have a relationship with Christ. Christian children should also be taught how to give.
Johnny Rich|Publishers are businesses and I don’t blame them for that. If they didn’t make money by publishing books, there wouldn’t be any books.
J.D. Robb, Immortal in Death|Kept dreaming of this spot she had on her neck, this tiny country. I wanted to visit, to paint a picture of what I found there, a wall with a road map of her skin.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Romance lives by repetition, and repetition converts an appetite into an art.
Suzanne  Johnson, Elysian Fields|Saturday, September 17, 2005: Today in New Orleans, a traffic light worked. Someone watered flowers. And anyone with the means to get online could have heard Dr. Joy’s voice wafting in the dry wind, a sound of grace, comfort and familiarity here in the saddest and loneliest place in the world.”Chris Rose, The Times-Picayune
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|It often happens that the real tragedies of life occur in suchan inartistic manner that they hurt us by their crude violence, theirabsolute incoherence, their absurd want of meaning, their entire lackof style. They affect us just as vulgarity affects us. They give usan impression of sheer brute force, and we revolt against that.Sometimes, however, a tragedy that possesses artistic elements ofbeauty crosses our lives. If these elements of beauty are real, thewhole thing simply appeals to our sense of dramatic effect. Suddenlywe find that we are no longer the actors, but the spectators of theplay. Or rather we are both. We watch ourselves, and the mere wonderof the spectacle enthralls us.
Yoshihiko Noda|We live in a stage of politics, where legislators seem to regard the passage of laws as much more important than the results of their enforcement.
R. Alan Woods|The ritual sacrifice of children has been taboo for thousands of years. Yet tragically it is practiced every day across our world. We sacrifice children on the altars of our most destructive sins. When the sickness of pornography has run to its most evil and destructive end, it takes the form of child pornography. When prostitution reaches its sickest, most depraved form, it becomes child prostitution.
John C. Maxwell, The 360 Degree Leader: Developing Your Influence from Anywhere in the Organization|Charles Schwab: Be friends with everybody. When you have friends you will know there is somebody who will stand by you. You know the old saying, that if you have a single enemy you will find him everywhere. It doesn’t pay to make enemies. Lead the life that will make you kind and friendly to everyone about you, and you will be surprised what a happy life you will live.
Mario Lopez|I just don't want to die alone, that's all. That's not too much to ask for, is it It would be nice to have someone care about me, for who I am, not about my wallet.
Auliq Ice|You don't need to be rich to have high confidence, all you do need is to be proud of yourself and there you'll go with confidence.
Barbara Crooker, More|As you get older it is harder to have heroes, but it is sort of necessary.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living isn't complicated enough
Mackenzie Herbert, Chasing Trains|I wanted to say something to make her pain go away and make everything better. But, I realized that there was no answer. Bad things happen to good people. Rain always falls on the people who deserve nothing less than the sun.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|The place that the shepherds found was not an academy or an abstract republic, it was not a place of myths allegorised or dissected or explained or explained away. It was a place of dreams come true.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sorrah|She considered him further and decided he could definitely pass for a pirate. No, she thought, correcting herself. More like a sea captain, a younger version of the captain from that old movie where the pretty woman rents an old sea captain's house only to find the place haunted by the sea captain himself.She let out a heavy breath. Man, she loved that movie.
Lily Amis, Destination: Freedom: A Memoir Based on the True Life Story of a Young Girl Lily and Her Mom.|Believe in yourself, your dreams, wishes, desires and goals, even if others don’t.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Music, dance and meditation are the best medicine for body, soul and spirit.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|All around the dining hall, you can feel the rejuvenating effect that a good meal can bring on. The way it can make people kinder, funnier, more optimistic, and remind them it's not a mistake to go on living. It's better than any medicine.
Mussadiq Abdul Rahim|If there is a gain and loss in business, feedback control is my business.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|In times of troubles, we call on Lord Jesus Christ, He saved us.
Robert Casey|You're not working with models, you're working with real women who have, like, anatomy. Models do not have anatomy.
Benjamin Franklin, Memoirs of the Life and Writings of Benjamin Franklin|Were I a Roman Catholic, perhaps I should on this occasion vow to build a chapel to some saint, but as I am not, if I were to vow at all, it should be to build a light-house.[Letter to his wife, 17 July 1757, after narrowly avoiding a shipwreck; often misquoted as "Lighthouses are more helpful than churches."]
Clare Boothe Luce|We Americans are interested only in the consumption of our products. We have no interest in how they are produced, or what happens to them once we discard them, once we throw them away.
Thomas Szasz|As long as I know that my motives are good, I'm Seldom very concerned with the opinions of others.-Mandorallen, Baron of Vo Mandor.
Latika Teotia|There’s nothing wrong with victims of any kind of abuse; they are perfectly normal. It is the ones that abuse others, who are not normal. It is they who have twisted minds and need to be corrected or counselled. Unfortunately people look down upon the abused victims as if they’ve done something wrong and make them feel ashamed as well as guilty- which is not fair and absolutely incorrect. Victims must be shown kindness, encouraged and rehabilitated at the earliest and those who abused them must be ostracized. If you have been the victim of any kind of abuse, take down those walls of guilt, don’t hide behind dark doors, face the light and take charge of your life. Seek support- if required. You must understand that you have done nothing wrong and must not feel guilty or have low self esteem of yourself; it is the one who has abused you who should be running for cover. All you need at this point of time is love, self love and lots of self confidence. Believe in yourself and have faith in your ability to bounce back.
Janet Evanovich, Smokin' Seventeen|Now that we know you're not a hundred percent vampire you should stop trying to suck necks," I said to Ziggy."I'll try," Ziggy said, "but it's a hard habit to break.
Colin Quinn, The Coloring Book: A Comedian Solves Race Relations in America|Language dazzles and deceives because it is masked by faces, because we see it emerging from the lips, because lips please and eyes beguile. But words on paper, black on white, reveal the naked soul.
H.L. Mencken|If we assume that man actually does resemble God, then we are forced into the impossible theory that God is a coward, an idiot and a bounder.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Then, Éowyn of Rohan, I say to you that you are beautiful. In the valleys of our hills there are flowers fair and bright, and maidens fairer still; but neither flower nor lady have I seen till now in Gondor so lovely, and so sorrowful. It may be that only a few days are left ere darkness falls upon our world, and when it comes I hope to face it steadily; but it would ease my heart, if while the Sun yet shines, I could see you still. For you and I have both passed under the wings of the Shadow, and the same hand drew us back.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, It Had to Be You|You know that we've got a few problems we need to talk through before we get married.""I'm not getting rid of Pooh.""See, there you go being antagonistic. Marriage means learning to compromise.""I didn't say I wouldn't compromise. I promise to take the ribbon out of her topknot before you walk her.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|Good writing is supposed to evoke sensation in the reader–not the fact that it is raining, but the feeling of being rained upon.” -
Ray Bradbury, Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales|Strange. Half my years afraid of life. The other half, afraid of death. Always some kind of afraid.
Imogen Poots|Of the individual poems, some are more lyric and some are more descriptive or narrative. Each poem is fixed in a moment. All those moments written or read together take on the movement and architecture of a narrative.
Walter Payton|When you're good at something, you'll tell everyone. When you're great at something, they'll tell you.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Reason like a sphere? What type of reasoning does a wooden sphere do?""The circular type, I should think. And, by coincidence, it is my favorite type as well. Perhaps that's why I'm so good at the game.
Claudia Rankine, Don’t Let Me Be Lonely: An American Lyric|Or one meaning of here is “in this world, in this life, on earth. In this place or position, indicating the presence of,” or in other words, I am here. It also means to hand something to somebody—Here you are. Here, he said to her. Here both recognizes and demands recognition. I see you, or here, he said to her. In order for something to be handed over a hand must extend and a hand must receive. We must both be here in this world in this life in this place indicating the presence of.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|The cord pulled taut and she rebounded, flying back up before falling again. As her velocity slowed, she opened her eyes and found herself dangling at the end of the cord, about five feet above Jace. He was grinning. "Nice," he said. "As graceful as a falling snowflake.""Was I screaming?" She asked, genuinely curious. "You know, on the way down."He nodded. "Thankfully no one's home, or they would have assumed I was murdering you.""Ha. You can't even reach me." She kicked out a leg and spun lazily in midair. Jace's eyes glinted. "Want to bet?"Clary knew that expression. "No," she said quickly. "Whatever you're going to do-"But he'd already done it. When Jace moved fast, his individual movements were almost invisible. She saw his hand go to his belt, and then something flashed in the air. She heard the sound of parting fabric as the cord above her head was sheared through. Released, she fell freely, too surprised to scream- directly into Jace's arms. The force knocked him backward, and they sprawled together onto one of the padded floor mats, Clary on top of him. He grinned up at her."Now," he said, "that was much better. You didn't scream at all.""I didn't get the chance." She was breathless, and not just from the impact of the fall. Being sprawled on top of Jace, feeling his body against hers, made her hands shake and her heart beat faster.
Lydia Lunch, Lydia Lunch|Our work calls on us to confront, with our patients and within ourselves, extraordinary human experiences. This confrontation is profoundly humbling in that at all times these experiences challenge the limits of our humanity and our view of the world...
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|When I tried to meet some impossible standard for motherhood, tried to earn my way to a weird sort of Proverbs 31 Woman Club, I collapsed in exhaustion and simmering anger, sadness, and failure. This was not life in the Vine, this exhausting job description; this was not the Kingdom of God, let alone a redeemed woman living full. This was the shell of someone trying to measure up, trying to earn through her mothering what God had already freely given. This was someone feeling the weight of unmet expectations from the Church and her own self and the world all at once.
Ellen Miller|He paid me to discover ways to express the unnameable; to get to the bottom of an utterance; to find words for the things for which there were no words yet, thereby bringing them into existence, committing them to paper, projecting them into the future. The work was part drudgery, part deity.
Woody Allen|I'm being ironic. Don't interrupt a man in the midst of being ironic, it's not polite. There!
Dallas Willard, The Divine Conspiracy: Rediscovering Our Hidden Life In God|The key to understnading masculinity is Jesus Christ. Jesus was tough with religious blockheads, false teachers, the proud, and bullies. Jesus was tender with women, children, and those who were suffering or humble. Additionally, Jesus took responsability for Himself. He worked a jon for the first thirty years of His life, swinging a hammer as a carpenter. He also took responsability for us on the cross, where He substituted Himself and died in our place for our sins. My sins are my fault, not Jesus'fault, but Jesus has made them His responsability. This is the essence of the gospel, the "good news". If you understand this, it will change how you view masculinity.
Elizabeth Taylor|In this age, which believes that there is a short cut to everything, the greatest lesson to be learned is that the most difficult way is, in the long run, the easiest.
Deyth Banger|For every nonsense that is written, there is a sense behind the ‘non’. Not until we go behind the ‘non’, we shall least see the sense. If we stand in front of the nonsense, the ‘non’ shall always face us. It may only take a step taking to go behind the 'non' to see the sense the ‘non’ is obstructing. There are so many people who quit so quickly just because they look at the non in front of the sense and they conclude that sense can never come after ‘non’.
Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride|... but it is attitude, not years, that condemns one to the ranks of the Undead, or else proffers salvation. In the domain of the young there dwells many an Undead soul. They rush about so, their inner putrefaction is concealed for a few decades, that is all.
Pat Buckley|Earth and sky, woods and fields, lakes and rivers, the mountain and the sea, are excellent schoolmasters, and teach some of us more than we can ever learn from books.
Graham Greene|I just want to find some inner peace, and I think I'm getting there, slowly but surely.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|We had started out caring about each other, but in the end none of us knew how to care for each other. But this experience taught me that a community based on the idea that everyone hates rules is, in the end, just as disappointing and oppressive as a community based on the ability to follow rules.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Cultivating daily calm, even for a few minutes, yields a core of centered wellness.
Lao Tzu|Climate change is happening, humans are causing it, and I think this is perhaps the most serious environmental issue facing us.
Ernest Dowson, The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson|They are not long, the days of wine and roses:Out of a misty dreamOur path emerges for awhile, then closesWithin a dream.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|There was this about vampires : they could never look scruffy. Instead, they were... what was the word... deshabille. It meant untidy, but with bags and bags of style.
G.K. Chesterton|Courage, the original definition of courage, when it first came into the English language — it’s from the Latin word cor, meaning heart — and the original definition was to tell the story of who you are with your whole heart.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|But suppose it was truth double strong, it were no truth to me if I couldna take it in. I daresay there's truth in yon Latin book on your shelves; but it's gibberish and no truth to me, unless I know the meaning o' the words.
Anita Johnston, Eating in the Light of the Moon: How Women Can Transform Their Relationship with Food Through Myths, Metaphors, and Storytelling|The mermaid is an archetypal image that represents a woman who is at ease in the great waters of life, the waters of emotion and sexuality. She shows us how to embrace our instinctive sexuality and sensuality so that we can affirm the essence of our feminine nature, the wisdom of our bodies, and the playfulness of our spirits. She symbolizes our connection with our deepest instinctive feelings, our wild and untamed animal nature that exists below the surface of outward personalities. She is able to respond to her mysterious sexual impulses without abandoning her more human, conscious side. What happened to the girls who dreamed of being mermaids?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Love your neighbor... and in doing so, do it as you love yourself! Take up the loads that will cause your neighbor a neck pain; don't put a heavy cross over his/her neck!
Debasish Mridha|Love is the best treatment for depression. To get better, you have to give it away as much as you can, as fast as you can, and as often as you can.
Amanda Hocking, Wisdom|Forever is a really long time, you know? What do you do with forever?""The same thing you do when you don't have forever." He smiled wanly. "Live.
Richard Morin, You Working with You: A Roadmap to Self Mastery|LeadershipLeadership has a lot more to it than simply telling people what to do, keeping track of efforts, penalizing those who are late or who disrupt, and hiring / firing.Great leaders are also great workers with a level of competence and confidence learned on the job that others accept and are willing to follow.These leaders are good at working with themselves, they have developed discipline, an ability to delay gratification, curiosity as to why people think or do things the way they do, and are open minded and accepting of change.Just look at any sports team, military unit or successful company and you will read or hear about all the leaders that make up the company. Most frequently these leaders are not the ones with a title, but the ones who make the place run through their efforts, focus, determination and ability to overcome obstacles.It is from these ranks that titles are granted and rewards given. These people have proven that they can lead by example, are able to shoulder the load and have what it takes to lead others, helping them grow just as they were helped on their way. My book entitled YOU Working With YOU is all about you, helping you to become the leader that you are capable of becoming. Just showing up to work might keep you employed, stepping up and leading by example is what others will notice and align with.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|It slowly began to dawn on me that I had been staring at her for an impossible amount of time. Lost in my thoughts, lost in the sight of her. But her face didn't look offended or amused. It almost looked as if she were studying the lines of my face, almost as if she were waiting. I wanted to take her hand. I wanted to brush her cheek with my fingertips. I wanted to tell her that she was the first beautiful thing that I had seen in three years. The sight of her yawning to the back of her hand was enough to drive the breath from me. How I sometimes lost the sense of her words in the sweet fluting of her voice. I wanted to say that if she were with me then somehow nothing could ever be wrong for me again. In that breathless second I almost asked her. I felt the question boiling up from my chest. I remember drawing a breath then hesitating--what could I say? Come away with me? Stay with me? Come to the University? No. Sudden certainty tightened in my chest like a cold fist. What could I ask her? What could I offer? Nothing. Anything I said would sound foolish, a child's fantasy. I closed my mouth and looked across the water. Inches away, Denna did the same. I could feel the heat of her. She smelled like road dust, and honey, and the smell the air holds seconds before a heavy summer rain. Neither of us spoke. I closed my eyes. The closeness of her was the sweetest, sharpest thing I had ever known.
Jacques Derrida|A very small cause which escapes our notice determines a considerable effect that we cannot fail to see, and then we say that the effect is due to chance.
Carol Lynn Pearson, The Ghost of Eternal Polygamy: Haunting the Hearts and Heaven of Mormon Women and Men|I would not have been able to articulate it at that time, but I had begun a painful journey toward an impossible goal, a journey that lasted a long time: how to love a God who hurts you.
Larry Kramer, Faggots|Police officers seem nice until they start targeting you for stops, give you a bogus speeding ticket and write fake police reports about their interactions with you
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems|You're my love, you're my lighthouse; and the sea is rough and in the dark days.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|Through sexual intimacy, two human beings become one mind, body and soul wrapped up in the cocoon of their skin.
H.W. Brands|I was sitting on a bench having a bagel, but from where I was both jogging and scullng looks good to me. -- Sam
Chloe Cox, Free and Bound|Do you trust me?” he said. Olivia met his hard gaze, and a frisson of uncertainty ran down her spine. She did trust him. Completely. But did he trust her? And why did that matter so much?
Alexandre Dumas|Oh, Mercédès, I have spoken your name with sighs of melancholy, with groans of pain and with the croak of despair. I have spoken it frozen with cold, huddled on the straw of my dungeon. I have spoken it raging with heat and rolling around on the stone floor of my prison. Mercédès, I must have my revenge, because for fourteen years I suffered, fourteen years I wept and cursed. Now, I say to you, Mercédès, I must have my revenge!
Sara Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|...Belief is strong. Stronger than rationality. Fear, love hope -all rational emotions, but they sway people more fiercely than any fact-based argument.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|As for the general view that the Church was discredited by the War—they might as well say that the Ark was discredited by the Flood. When the world goes wrong, it proves rather that the Church is right. The Church is justified, not because her children do not sin, but because they do.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|And spare me the jokes about scoring.""Dammit, woman, you read my mind," he said. "Is there no filthy wordplay you can't forsee?""It's my special magical power. I can read your mind when you're thinking dirty thoughts.""So, ninety-five percent of the time.
Carter Bates|Unlike Panic! At the Disco, I write sins AND tradgedies.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|Sometimes I think,I need a spare heart to feel all the things I feel.
Plato, The Republic|She was an ocean, confined in a coffee mug. And she had the galaxies, confined in her pretty eyes.
Angela Corbett, Eternal Starling|Zane brought her hand to his chest, over his heart and she felt the strong rapid beat through his shirt. “Feel that?” His throat worked as he swallowed. “It would break if I fell for you and anything happened that would take you away from me.”--Zane to Willow in 'The Edge of Sin' in the Real Men Last all Night anthology
John  Williams, Stoner|As age changes with each moment, we become that little bit more of a distant memory to the person we are currently.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|Learning is finding out what you already know. Doing is demonstrating that you know it. Teaching is reminding others that they know just as well as you. You are all learners, doers, teachers.
Peter A. Lorge, The Asian Military Revolution: From Gunpowder to the Bomb|European historians have often, though not unanimously, assumed that European modern warfare was the one true path, a system that developed logically and inevitably from the nature of the advancing technology of guns. Since Europeans by their own definition were the most rational and logical of people, their mode of warfare was also the most rational and logical. Those who did not adopt it after seeing it were being deliberately irrational, or lacked the ability to advance their polity to the point where it could follow it.
Alek Wek|I love creating things, especially out of metal. There's something truly satisfying about shaping a piece of metal and seeing the impurities peeling away as you weld it into your chosen design.
Fakeer Ishavardas|The continuum of infinite, immortal Life is occasionally interrupted by a brief stroll into a body of highly limiting thought. Jim Young, Author of 'Aware in a World Asleep' and more!
Walter Wink, Homosexuality and Christian Faith: Questions of Conscience for the Churches|It doesn't promise to solve or erase suffering but to transform it, pledging that by loving one another, even through pain, we will find more life. And it insists that by opening ourselves to strangers, the despised or frightening or unintelligible other, we will see more and more of the holy, since, without exception, all people are one body: God's.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|So that's little Scorpious. Make sure you beat him in every test, Rosie. Thank god you've inherited your mother's brains.
Jordan Hoechlin|Walling herself off circumvented the risk of real closeness between two people and the eventual, unavoidable loss that always accompanies love. Liberating herself from the concern of others served a sinister purpose as well. There were fewer people to whom Anna was accountable. It’s the easiest way to lie and not get caught: make yourself matter to no one
Ruta Sepetys, Out of the Easy|Light fell, and so did my confidence.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Trust in yourself, your ability, and your struggles, but not in your appetite.
Rusty Blackwood|Haters' don't hate you, they hate self and project the energy outward because there is no courage to confront internal fears. Therefore, ignore hate or else it becomes you, also.
Alexander Chee, Edinburgh|You ought to know, you were my best friend. You were. I know you loved me. I loved you.No one should have gone through what we went through, but we did. And it kills me to think of it.But I didn't love you like you loved me. I don't hate you for that. It just makes me sorry, that there isn't someone else who could love you better.I know when you think about how I went, you'll get it. I was always uneasy about being alive. The idea of being dead makes me feel clear. When I think of it. It makes me think peace, peace, peace. It makes me happy. I am looking forward to it, to the absence of everything. And so I want you to be happy for me, that this is better for me. That I found what I needed. I know you won't be. But it's the last thing I want. You happy.
Tom Holland, Lord Of The Dead|Well, as Hannah Arendt famously said, there can be a banal aspect to evil. In other words, it doesn't present always. I mean, often what you're meeting is a very mediocre person. But nonetheless, you can get a sort of frisson of wickedness from them. And the best combination of those, I think, I describe him in the book, is/was General Jorge Rafael Videla of Argentina, who I met in the late 1970s when the death squad war was at its height, and his fellow citizens were disappearing off the street all the time. And he was, in some ways, extremely banal. I describe him as looking like a human toothbrush. He was a sort of starch, lean officer with a silly mustache, and a very stupid look to him, but a very fanatical glint as well. And, if I'd tell you why he's now under house arrest in Argentina, you might get a sense of the horror I felt as I was asking him questions about all this. He's in prison in Argentina for selling the children of the rape victims among the private prisoners, who he kept in a personal jail. And I don't know if I've ever met anyone who's done anything as sort of condensedly horrible as that.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If only you would understand the silent speech and the real pain within the innermost man of they that suffer in silence, you would never keep silent to their suffering. So many people can’t speak everything about how they are suffering for the sake of dignity and confidentiality. Though they smile, they smile out of a deep pain within. When you look at someone suffering, just see how he is suffering and in so far as you can, be the joy to the innermost man of the person to the best of your ability. Don’t wait for his words, just look and see!
Sunday Adelaja|God desires to use you to the best of your capacity, to the best of your ability.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|What do you want? Where's the goddamn ice I ordered? Where's the booze? There's a war on, man! People are being killed!
Elaine  White, Decadent|Always follow your dreams. Never give up. If you have a thought in your mind write it down. If you have a desire in your heart to write, then write. Tell your story. Make a difference. Touch someone’s heart.
Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning|Sometimes, just saying that you hate something, and having someone agree with you, can make you feel better about a terrible situation.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|Your soul sings to mine. My soul is yours, and it always will be, in any world.
R.A.Delmonico|...the early church fathers provide abundant evidence that gifts such as prophecy and miracles continued in their own time, even if not as abundantly as in the first century. Christians in the medieval and modern periods continued to embrace these activities of the Spirit. It is, in fact, cessationism that is not well documented in earlier history; it seems no coincidence that it arose only in a culture dominated by anti-supernaturalism.
David Downie, A Passion for Paris: Romanticism and Romance in the City of Light|We are outside again, walking, when he takes a bite and stops dead. "Wow," he says after a minute. Then, "Wow," again.I smile. Everyone remembers their first taste of Paris. This will be his.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|You have to have the power to employ pain, to repent, to be illuminated, you must have the opportunity and even the time.
Carter Quinn, Out of the Blackness|Like many men addicted to sports, Clive Sr. was also a religious man.
John Jewel|If we want our children to value education, then we must show our appreciation for knowledge.
Barbara Kingsolver, Flight Behavior|Now, see, that's why everybody wants Internet friends. You can find people just exactly like you. Screw your neighbors and your family, too messy.' Dovey's phone buzzed, and she laughed, ignoring it. 'The trouble is, once you filter out everybody that doesn't agree with you, all that's left is maybe this one retired surfer guy living in Idaho.
Rob Bell|In my imagination yes, I remember, when I was six years old, I was conducting all this concert in my house. But now it's real.
Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever|His coworker was velvety-skinned, a sexy boy-on-the-cusp-of man.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|So why did he do it?"Cricket rakes a hand through his hair. "For the same reason everyone makes mistakes. He fell in love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|She stood in the mirror portrait very near Margaret, close next to her, good as a mother or a friend.
Kathleen Rowland|One speck of dung will spoil the pot. In order to keep my thoughts on a high level, I put a positive construction on things.
Joann I. Martin Sowles, Laney|I don't like this.""I know you don't, my little spaetzel. But I am too worn out to run from both the police and your murderous twin, and Damian's looking peaky, plus Christian did apologize for trying to kill us earlier.""I wasn't talking about that. It's your lamentable habit of using completely unsuitable love names for me that gives me grief," Adrian groused. "I am not a lambypie, nor am I a spaetzel.
Sharon Shinn, Archangel|Are you asking me if there is a god?' he said, still in that soft voice. 'All I can say is, I believe there is. I feel him when I sing. He has responded to my prayers countless times. He guides my actions and he dwells in my heart. I know he is there.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|It takes practice, feeling happy about the ever enfolding events of life, and, because of all the conditioning we have undergone before this, it may be very difficult to make the change, but if we take the saying to heart and practice it, as the days unfold we will find ourselves living ever happier lives, smiling more, and finally, laughing more.
Maria Augusta von Trapp|Music acts like a magic key, to which the most tightly closed heart opens.
Garth Nix, Lirael|When the dead do walk seek water's run,for this the Dead will always shun. Swift river's best or broadest laketo ward the dead and have and make.If water fails thee, fire's thy friend, if neither guards it will be thy end.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|He was one of the fortunate few for whom there simply was no discernible line between work and play, between creation and recreation.
Emma Trevayne, Chorus|I was always in love with love and now I am in love. In love, everything looks different. Everything tastes different. It is as if you have been reborn, transformed, become another person whom you don't completely recognise.
Rod Taylor|Given the importance of Washington, outsiders probably have an unrealistic perspective on how large the city is. The fact is, Washington D.C. is a small town, and most everyone knows most everyone else. That person of the other party who you despise will someday be at your daughter's birthday party.
Karolyn Grimes|There have been some medical schools in which somewhere along the assembly line, a faculty member has informed the students, not so much by what he said but by what he did, that there is an intimate relation between curing and caring.
Bertrand Russell|What goodness she might hold in her heart had been overshadowed by her actions, again and again. She wasn’t a bad person, but she might was well be.
Nancy Pearcey|The apostle enters upon his subject thus - Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers; for there is no power but of God: the powers that be, are ordained of God.
G.K. Chesterton, The Innocence of Father Brown|People only tell lies when the truth is disagreeable to them, or frightens them, or to cover sin.
Thomas Jefferson, Notes on the State of Virginia|To all intents and purposes Roxy was as white as anybody, but the one sixteenth of her which was black outvoted the other fifteen parts and made her a Negro. She was a slave, and salable as such.
Bill Blass|My name is Matt Besser, and I'm an Arkansas Razorback. My father is a Jew from Little Rock, Ark., my mother was a Christian from Harrison, Ark., and somehow I'm an atheist now living in L.A. I am a Razorback living in the Razorback diaspora.
Sunday Adelaja|We need to remember that God is holding us in His hands, he will lead us to the light
Malala Yousafzai|With guns you can kill terrorists, with education you can kill terrorism.
Emily Oster|Seeds and nuts are indispensable for cardiovascular health. The protective properties of nuts against coronary heart disease were first recognized in the early 1990s, and a strong body of literature has followed, confirming these original findings.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the ultimate Wonder lamp, anything you touch with love become gold.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|When I’m gone, time won’t change. It will pass the way it always has. I’ve seen it happen. People always move on. You will find your mate. You will move on then I’ll be nothing but a memory, but I will never forget you. I will always love you for you have drawn emotions in me no other has in two thousand years. I will live with the memory of you in my heart because nothing can erase you from within me. You have forever changed me. You’ve taught me what it’s like to truly love.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|Talking to strangers sounded like talking to no one, which Henry had some firsthand experience in- in real life. It was lonely. Almost as lonely as Lake View Cemetery, where he'd buried Ethel.
Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting|Dawn was coming. The Waystone Inn lay in silence, and it was a silence of three parts.
Akiroq Brost|Be easy with yourself. Be gentle. Remember to be your own friend. We all make mistakes. We all say silly things now and then. It's also OK to change your mind. Don't replay the moments. Don't torture yourself with critique and negative self-talk. The expectation is not perfection, it's to keep moving forward. Keep trying. Keep learning and growing. You'll get a lot further with a positive attitude. Love will open and grow you. Love will encourage you. No one can love you more than you can love yourself. Be your own ally. Learn to help not hinder yourself.
Debasish Mridha|If your vision is great, you become great.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Vegetarians, and their Hezbollah-like splinter-faction, the vegans, are a persistent irritant to any chef worth a damn. To me, life without veal stock, pork fat, sausage, organ meat, demi-glace, or even stinky cheese is a life not worth living. Vegetarians are the enemy of everything good and decent in the human spirit, an affront to all I stand for, the pure enjoyment of food. The body, these waterheads imagine, is a temple that should not be polluted by animal protein. It's healthier, they insist, though every vegetarian waiter I've worked with is brought down by any rumor of a cold. Oh, I'll accomodate them, I'll rummage around for something to feed them, for a 'vegetarian plate', if called on to do so. Fourteen dollars for a few slices of grilled eggplant and zucchini suits my food cost fine.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|With him, I've become like putty- rendered powerless by his magnificence- and his to mold into whatever he desires.
Anna Aquino|Perhaps we could fool them, but Bathsheba was entering into a place I couldn’t help her. It was a dark place filled with the result of one night of bad choices. I could feel it beginning to erupt. It was as if Bathsheba had been sitting on a mountain and like a volcano it was getting ready to explode.
Thomas Hardy, Thomas Hardy: Tess of the D'Urbervilles; The Mayor of Casterbridge; Far from the Madding Crowd|Joy, it is, which I've never known before, only pleasure or excitement. Joy is a different thing, because its focus exists outside the self-delight in something external, not satisfaction of some inner craving.
Evinda Lepins|A thought to ponder: If I couldn't use words to speak, what would my life be saying?
Richard Preston, The Demon in the Freezer|When a person denies his conscience for too long, it can become seared. That person becomes susceptible to receiving and accepting all sorts of harmful and evil things. This is true for both believers and unbelievers. A seared conscience will open a person up to demonic spirits and activities.
Caryl Churchill, Cloud 9|They see nothing indecent in sexual intercourse, whether heterosexual or homosexual, and indulge in it quite openly, in full view of everyone. The only exception was Socrates, who was always swearing that his relations with young men were purely Platonic, but nobody believed him for a moment, and Hyacinthus and Narcissus gave first-hand evidence to the contrary.
Patch Adams|My family was going back to England to visit my mother's grandmother, who was very ill. We went up to Liverpool and I met my great-aunt, who was just a force of nature. She was an elocution teacher and a huge enthusiast for theater and the classics. I took her amateur acting class, and she was really impressed with me.
Jennifer Elisabeth|It was tough coming to the realization that I wasn’t interested in anything, though realizing it didn’t mean I could then immediately find something to engage my interest. I tried to think of something. Maybe I could study a foreign language or study abroad in Rome or somewhere? Or, more realistically, grab some guy I knew and have a destination wedding abroad. But everything I could think of was based on how envious it would make people, not on any genuine interest I might have.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Or maybe we'll make a home somewhere inside ourselves, to carry with us wherever we go- which is the way I carry my mother now.
Tyson Fury|When I was really young, I can remember being into fashion, but I was really into horses and sports.
Mo Farah|To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.
Adelaide Anne Procter|No star is ever lost we once have seen,We always may be what we might have beenSince Good, though only thought,Has life and breath -God's life - can always be redeemed from death.And evil in its nature is decay,And any hour may blot it all away.The hope that lost in some far distance seems,May be the truer life, and this the dream.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|Happiness does not exist, nor should it, and if there is any meaning or purpose in life, they are not in our peddling little happiness, but in something reasonable and grand. Do good!
Chanctetinyea J.J. Ouellette|What sets humans apart from animals is that we have to walk around saying how smart we are, and animals just live their lives.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Who wants to die? Everything struggles to live. Look at that tree growing up there out of that grating. It gets no sun, and water only when it rains. It's growing out of sour earth. And it's strong because its hard struggle to live is making it strong. My children will be strong that way.
Evelyn Waugh|When things in the country are in the pits, start a war with somebody.
Catherine Anderson, Comanche Heart|Do you think courage means being fearless? Or daring? Courage, real courage, is taking three steps when it terrifies you.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|She'd cried over a broken heart before. She knew what that felt like, and it didn't feel like this. Her heart felt not so much broken as just ... empty. It felt like she was an outline empty in the middle. The outline cried senselessly for the absent middle. The past cried for the present that was nothing.
Sunday Adelaja|Time passes, but memories linger.
Sally Mann, Hold Still: A Memoir with Photographs|I tend to agree with the theory that if you want to keep a memory pristine, you must not call upon it too often, for each time it is revisited, you alter it irrevocably, remembering not the original impression left by experience but the last time you recalled it. With tiny differences creeping in at each cycle, the exercise of our memory does not bring us closer to the past but draws us further away.
Helmut Thielicke, A Little Exercise for Young Theologians|Christ is God (Rom. 9:5). Jesus is Lord (Rom. 10:9, 12-13; 14:5-9; 2 Cor. 4:5; 12:8-10; Phil. 2:9-11 [expressly after the Resurrection]; Col. 2:6; 1 Tim. 6:3; Titus 2:13 [where he is called God and Savior]; Heb. 1:3-14). Christ is the image of God (2 Cor. 4:4; Col. 1:15), in the form of God (Phil. 2:5). The fullness of God dwells in him (Col. 1:19; 2:9). He is in God (Col. 3:3). God and Christ are often coupled together (2 Cor. 10:4-6; Col. 2:2; 1 Tim. 5:21; 2 Tim. 4:1; Heb. 13:20), as is the Lord Jesus Christ with our God and Father (Rom. 15:5-7, 8; 1 Cor. 8:6;2 2 Cor. 1:3; 11:31; Eph. 1:3; Col. 1:3; 1 Thess.3:11, 13; 5:23; 2 Thess. 1:5-10; 2:16; 3:5).
Nelson A. Miles|Our funding is based on our support of ideas like limited government, individual rights and a strong defense.
Lee Eisenberg, The Point Is: Making Sense of Birth, Death, and Everything in Between|Anais Nin responds to the age-old question of why some people are compelled to write:We... write to heighten our own awareness of life, we write to lure and enchant and console others, we write to serenade our lovers. We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospection. We write, like Proust, to render all of it eternal, and to persuade ourselves that it is eternal. We write to be able to transcend our life, to reach beyond it. We write to teach ourselves to speak with others, to record the journey into the labyrinth, we write to expand our world when we feel strangled, or constricted, or lonely. We write as the birds sing. As the primitive dance their rituals. If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don’t write.Now, please read that one more time. But this time, substitute the word “live” for the word “write” and there you have it—the point that’s always been right there in front of our nose.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|Go forward in your beliefs and teachings, educate the open-minded and be humble to the ones who aren’t.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|Know, in every moment, that you have attracted this situation into your life experience so you can grow and learn the lessons necessary to get to the next level.
Sindra van Yssel, Roped In|The only ride I’m interested in is on you, cowboy, but I’m sure all the women say that.
Dada Bhagwan|Nothing can get spoilt as long the mind is steady, and when it becomes restless, it will spoil. God doesn’t give or take from anyone, but because God is in the permanent blissful state, all external actions will go well when one’s mind is steadied in Him.
Jesse Kellerman|As we talk with candour, we open the doors to new possibilities and new areas of cooperation in advance in democracy, in combating terrorism, in energy and environment, science and technology and international peacekeeping.
Rick Santorum|While security of national leadership is of paramount significance, expenditure on permanent civil structures at the family home of the prime minister and chief minister from public exchequer will be a burden on their conscience.
Aniruddha Sastikar|Forcing the muse to let thoughts flow; equals to pushing a child, into labor.
Sriveena Dhagavkar|But he did not tell her, for he realised how petty it would appear to her, and how different from what she had expected, less sensational and less touching; he was afraid, too, lest, disillusioned in the matter of art, she might at the same time be disillusioned in the greater matter of love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In the pursuit of your dreams,you are your greatest assetand doubt is your greatest liability.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Have you ever had a dream that you were certain was real, only to wake up and realize that everyone and everything in the dream was really you? Well this is how many mystics describe the nature of our reality, as a dream in which we think we are individual personalities existing in the physical universe. But eventually, like in all dreams, we will wake up. Except in this dream we do not wake up to realize we are still in the world, we awake from the world to realize that we are God.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Why should I take my clothes off (...) when there are, already, so many other woman doing it for me?
Irvine Welsh|It's amazing how much information we share in social media, then we wonder why people steal our identity.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|We are all changed by this war, Soph. Daniel is your brother now that Rachel is ... gone. Truly your brother. And this baby, he or she is innocent of ... his or her creation.''It's hard to forget,' she said quietly. 'And I'll never forgive.''But love has to be stronger than hate, or there is no future for us.'Sophie sighed. 'I suppose,' she said, sounding too adult for a girl of he
Salman Rushdie, Joseph Anton: A Memoir|I wash the clothes, rinse them and then scrub them again. Will that square little box do that? I am not using any fancy machines when my hands will do.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Who hurt you, once, so far beyond repairthat you would meet each overturewith curling lip?While we, who knew you well, your friends, (the focus of your scorn)could see your courage in the face of fear,your wit, and thoughtfulness, 	and will remember you with something close to love.
Brit Hume|My attitude is, if someone's going to criticize me, tell me to my face.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Become a lifelong learner. Read books, watch videos, listen to audio, and seek lessons for learning how to live your best life now.
Julie Klausner|It's not that I find it hard to meet girls - they do come up and chat me up from time to time. Sometimes I'm interested, I tend not to go for the prettier ones. I prefer the quirkier types.
Samantha Irby, We Are Never Meeting In Real Life|Real love feels less like a throbbing, pulsing animal begging for its freedom and beating against the inside of my chest and more like, 'Hey, that place you like had fish tacos today and i got you some while i was out', as it sets a bag spotted with grease on the dining room table. It's not a game you don't understand the rules of, or a test you never got the materials to study for. It never leaves you wondering who could possibly be texting at 3 am. Or what you could possibly do to make it come home and stay there. It's fucking boring, dude. I don't walk around mired in uneasiness, waiting for the other shoe to drop. No parsing through spun tales about why it took her so long to come back from the store. No checking her emails or calling her job to make sure she's actually there. No sitting in my car outside her house at dawn, to make sure she's alone when she leaves. This feels safe, and steadfast, and predictable. And secure. It's boring as shit. And it's easily the best thing I've ever felt.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|God created a universe where each object is dependent on the other. Nobody is independent. At least, human beings are not.
Per Petterson|Largely this is a class thing - writers tend to be cosseted little middle-class kiddies who think that the world owes them a royalty cheque. But just doing it - being in your room for years on end, locked in your head, alone with invented ghosts - it weakens and softens the body. And I know I can't just live in my head.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I was amazed that what I needed to survive could be carried on my back. And, most surprisingly of all, that I could carry it. That I could bear the unbearable. These realizations about my physical, material life couldn't help but spill over into the emotional and spiritual realm. That my complicated life could be made so simple was astounding. It had begun to occur to me that perhaps it was okay that I hadn't spent my days on the trail pondering the sorrows of my life, that perhaps by being forced to focus on my physical sufferings some of my emotional suffering would fade away. (93)
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Drop the fear. What you fear most, can be a repeated theme in your life.
Utah Phillips|Yes, the long memory is the most radical idea in this country. It is the loss of that long memory which deprives our people of that connective flow of thoughts and events that clarifies our vision, not of where we're going, but where we want to go.
Cheryl R Cowtan, Girl Desecrated|If you look at every flower individually, they look quite miserable. Put them together in a vase and they become a bouquet and that's quite attractive. I think about our community often in that way
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|Other people's minds aside, not even my own mind flows in the way that I wish.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If human beings cannot inhabit the earth, where else could they live?
Gwynn White, Rebel's Honor|The idea of marrying Lukan made her skin crawl. He was a Chenayan. She, a Norin. He was her conqueror. She, his conquered. He had been born and raised to lord over her. She had been born and raised to hate him. They might as well have been different species.
Immanuel Kant|The enjoyment of power inevitably corrupts the judgement of reason, and perverts its liberty.
Ramana Maharshi|The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
Danielle Steel, Friends Forever|Love is messy. If you really love someone, you can't avoid the pain. People die, people leave, things change, but sometimes it all works
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The boy didn't know what a person's "destiny" was. "It's what you have always wanted to accomplish. Everyone, when they are young, knows what their destiny is.""At that point in their lives, everything is clear and everything is possible. They are not afraid to dream, and to yearn for everything they would like to see happen to them in their lives. But, as time passes, a mysterious force begins to convince them that it will be impossible for them to realize their destiny.
Mario Fingarov|I don't need people, love or sex. Neither money, clothes or cars. The hate I gained was most needed. Don't understand me in the wrong way. It's been a while and the loathing turns into indifference, which now solves my problems.
Carlo Michelstaedter, Persuasion and Rhetoric|You do not carry the cross. Instead you are all crucified on the timber of your sufficiency, which is given to you, the more you insist, the more you bleed: it suits you to say you carry the cross like a sacred duty, whereas you are heavy with the weight of your necessities. Have the courage not to admit those necessities and lift yourselves up for your own sakes.
Fred Bahnson, Soil and Sacrament: Four Seasons Among the Keepers of the Earth|The music, the prayers, the bowing and rising, the incense--all of it was breaking down my defenses. That's what good liturgy does. It breaks your heart open and turns you toward God.
Gary Taubes, Why We Get Fat: And What to Do About It|Human nature turns out to be more complicated than the idea that people will get along if only the rules are clear enough. Uncertainty, the ultimate evil that modern law seeks to eradicate, generally fosters cooperation, not the opposite.
Neil Gaiman, Blueberry Girl|To tell the truth, girls are no longer the way they used to be. They play gangsters, nowadays, just like boys. They organize rackets. They plan holdups and practice karate. They will rape defenseless adolescents. They wear pants... Life has become impossible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With determination, discipline and hard work all dreams become a reality.
Harmon Okinyo|Whoever coined the phrase '"I can work well under pressure" should be put on trial for crimes against Humanity.
Judy Chicago|Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
Chris Abani, Song for Night|TRAUMA STEALS YOUR VOICE People get so tired of asking you what's wrong and you've run out of nothings to tell them. You've tried and they've tried, but the words just turn to ashes every time they try to leave your mouth. They start as fire in the pit of your stomach, but come out in a puff of smoke. You are not you anymore. And you don't know how to fix this. The worst part is...you don't even know how to try.
James Salter|Fools act on imagination without knowledge, pedants act on knowledge without imagination.
Tony Osborg, Can Nigeria Bake Her Own Bread?|Democracy requires citizens to see things from one another's point of view, but instead were more and more enclosed in our own bubbles. Democracy requires a reliance on shared facts; instead were being offered parallel but separate universes.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|Woman's degradation is in mans idea of his sexual rights. Our religion, laws, customs, are all founded on the belief that woman was made for man.
Fela Durotoye|They were worried about keeping military families strong. They were worried about the stress and strain of prolonged military service and how it would affect our military readiness the next time a Hitler-wannabe reared his ugly head. As they made a list of pros and cons for sending families overseas, they never imagined that DOD schools would be the best possible solution to nearly every problem they could envision. The most unpredictable phenomena occurred. The DOD literally created a culture of kids whose life experiences were so rich, yet so different from where they’d come from, that as they grew in years the people they most related to, the people they most wanted to be around, were other military kids who had the same shared experience. Military kids became military members—and they’ve kept us strong, our families, armed forces, our country, all of us.
Jim Berg, Changed Into His Image|We are not ordered by God to judge each other. We are not even ordered by him to consider another person's sin. We are ordered by God to let Him consider it, to let Him be judge.
Dick Gregory|Most songs have meager beginnings. You wake up in the morning, you throw on your suspenders, and you subvocalize and just think. They seem to form like calcium. I can't think of a story right off the bat that was that interesting. I write things on the back of my hand, usually, and sing into a tape recorder.
Debasish Mridha|Like a peacock, dance with an open mind and a loving heart to reveal your incredible beauty.
Alan Shayne, Double Life: The Story of a Fifty Year Marriage|After 50 years together as a couple:"Look how fast the leaves are falling now," Alan says. "The trees will be bare in a couple of days. Do you realize that we have watched the leaves fall together for more than fifty autumns?"I stand quietly, looking at Alan, letting his words sink in. I am suddenly so moved.
Moriah Densley, Song For Sophia|She narrowed her gaze. “I don’t trust you to keep your eyes closed.”“Smart woman,” he said. “I wouldn’t trust me, either, if I were you.
Rosalind Coward|One of the reasons for the failure of feminism to dislodge deeply held perceptions of male and female behavior was its insistence that women were victims, and men powerful patriarchs, which made a travesty of ordinary people's experience of the mutual interdependence of men and women.
Christian D. Larson|The true purpose of the strong is to promote greater strength in the weak, and not to keep the weak in that state where they are at the mercy of the strong.
Robin McKinley, Beauty: A Retelling of the Story of Beauty and the Beast|I found that the only way I could control this sorrow was not to think of [it] at all, which was almost as painful as the loss itself.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Noel: A lot of people see friends as something you have on Twitter or Facebook or wherever. If someone wants to read your updates and you want to read their updates, then you’re friends. You don’t ever have to see each other. But that seems like a stupid definition to me. Roo: Yeah.Noel: Although on the other hand, rethink. Maybe a friend is someone who wants your updates. Even if they’re boring. Or sad. Or annoyingly cutesy. A friend says, “Sign me up for your boring crap, yes indeed” – because he likes you anyway. He’ll tolerate your junk. Roo: You have lots of friends. Noel: No, I don’t. Roo: You do. You know everyone at school. You get invited to parties. Noel: I get invited to parties, yeah. And I know people. But I don’t want their updates. Roo: Oh. Noel: And I sincerely doubt they want mine. Roo: I want your updates. Noel: I want your updates. (He looks down, bashfully.) I do. I want all your updates, Ruby.
Ramesh Lohia and Jack T. Parker|Don't wait for the perfect thought, or the perfect moment; because perfection only occurs after action.
Anonymous|No net less wide than a man's whole heart, nor less fine of mesh than love, will hold the sacred Fish.
Charles Caleb Colton|I speak the truth not so much as I would, but as much as I dare, and I dare a little more as I grow older.
Edith Wharton, Ethan Frome|December is an old friend; it reminds you of the past, together you share some laughs and tears, you feel warm-hearted though it’s freezing outside. But, the goodbye is inevitable. May the memories we share with this friend next year be filled with comfort, peace and Love.
George Friedman|The mind has the ability to trick the body into believing it is happy and that all is well - the heart however, feels it. And as the saying goes, 'The heart wants what the heart wants'. Anything else just wouldn't do...
Rene Cassin|These wars appear also to have given its death blow to colonialism and to imperialism in its colonial form, under which weaker peoples were treated as possessions to be economically exploited. At least we hope that such colonialism is on the way out.
José Saramago, All the Names|There are people like Senhor José everywhere, who fill their time, or what they believe to be their spare time, by collecting stamps, coins, medals, vases, postcards, matchboxes, books, clocks, sport shirts, autographs, stones, clay figurines, empty beverage cans, little angels, cacti, opera programmes, lighters, pens, owls, music boxes, bottles, bonsai trees, paintings, mugs, pipes, glass obelisks, ceramic ducks, old toys, carnival masks, and they probably do so out of something that we might call metaphysical angst, perhaps because they cannot bear the idea of chaos being the one ruler of the universe, which is why, using their limited powers and with no divine help, they attempt to impose some order on the world, and for a short while they manage it, but only as long as they are there to defend their collection, because when the day comes when it must be dispersed, and that day always comes, either with their death or when the collector grows weary, everything goes back to its beginnings, everything returns to chaos.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|These eggs are broken. Cracked.""Yes, ma'am. That happens sometimes.""Does it?""Yes, it's the unfortunate part of being an egg.
Abhishek Kumar|There's no such thing as an evil race, just evil circumstances that make people do evil things.
Jesse Ventura|America is the most grandiose experiment the world has seen, but, I am afraid, it is not going to be a success.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|Why? Why was it that in cases of real love the one who is left does not more often follow the beloved by suicide? Only because the living must bury the dead? Because of the measured rites that must be fulfilled after a death? Because it is as though the one who is left steps for a time upon a stage and each second swells to an unlimited amount of time and he id watched by many eyes? Because there is a function he must carry out? Or perhaps, when there is love, the widowed must stay for the resurrection of the beloved - so that the one who has gone is not really dead, but grows and is created for a second time in the soul of the living? Why?
Amy Schumer, The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo|Love yourself. You don’t need a man, or a boy, or a self-proclaimed love expert to tell you what you’re worth. Your power comes from who you are and what you do. You don’t need all that noise – that constant hum in the background telling you whether or not you’re good enough.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Which outfits do you get the most compliments on when you are wearing them? What colors make you feel healthy, vibrant, and alive?
Debasish Mridha|Violence never can wipe out violence, only a caring heart with love can do that.
Roger James Hamilton|Its easier to start a global business than a local one, make your business one where you can work from anywhere in the world
William Shakespeare, Othello|Well, I'm so sorry that I can't be the right kind of monster for you, Bella.
Stuart Wilde|The bump of ego on his skull had swollen large, so he saw the whole world in terms of what it could give him.
Michael Phelps|A number of listings for activity centers, fun places, Sports activities for kids you can get online through our online resource Sacramento4kids.Make your kids childhood more interesting to us.
Richard Russo|Mountains seem to answer an increasing imaginative need in the West. More and more people are discovering a desire for them, and a powerful solace in them. At bottom, mountains, like all wildernesses, challenge our complacent conviction - so easy to lapse into - that the world has been made for humans by humans. Most of us exist for most of the time in worlds which are humanly arranged, themed and controlled. One forgets that there are environments which do not respond to the flick of a switch or the twist of a dial, and which have their own rhythms and orders of existence. Mountains correct this amnesia. By speaking of greater forces than we can possibly invoke, and by confronting us with greater spans of time than we can possibly envisage, mountains refute our excessive trust in the man-made. They pose profound questions about our durability and the importance of our schemes. They induce, I suppose, a modesty in us.
Brian Christian, The Most Human Human: What Artificial Intelligence Teaches Us About Being Alive|What a familiarity with the construction of Turing test bots had begun to show me was that we fail - again and again- to actually be human with other humans, so maddeningly much of the time.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre: Redemption|As he had kissed her neck, she could not repress the feeling she was a lamb making time with a wolf.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|He was the most wickedly handsome creature she had ever seen in all her days. His hair was black as night, his stature large, his muscles were etched with precision into his smooth skin, every last ripple chiseled into wicked perfection.
Eileen Anglin|In all our human squabbles, threats of nuclear war, denying climate change, we hardly stop to think of the trees that bend in the wind, the bird that feeds it's young, and the elephants bedding down for the night as we toy with the destruction of this gift given to them.
Jo Brand|I thought the more famous I became, the more friendships I would have, but the opposite was true.
Margaret Mead|As Daddy said, life is 95 percent anticipation.
Marianne Williamson|We are not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past, but by the love we're not extending in the present.
Jamie Le Fay, Bloodline|God and the archangels know your heart, they know what is in your heart before you even speak it. You don't have to say a word, or say the right words, they already know everything you have been through and everything your heart truly wants to experience.
Jane Rogers, The Ice is Singing|A mundane lie hiding an exotic truth is deception; an exotic lie hiding a mundane truth is storytelling. Deception may be necessary to preserve life, but storytelling makes life worth living.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I confidently walked up to the counter, and his friends moved to the side to let me through. I handed him the note. "Happy Birthday," I said. Then I smiled and walked out of the store. I did my crossing-the street trick again, lurking in the shadows and watching. I could see him turn the note over in his hand, open it and read, then turn it over again. He passed it to his friends, who passed it between them. Then I watched him make a shrugging gesture with his hands. And then they were all laughing again. My mortification was total and overpowering. I was suddenly having a very difficult time standing. I had experienced a perfect note of utter and true clarity. He was straight.
Nick Cave|I think the British people are very, very attached to the idea that the health service is free at the point of use. But there is no reason why every doctor, nurse and teacher in this country has to be employed by the state.
Lucian Bane, White Knight Dom Academy|He looked at her, amazed with her sudden nerves. “Sweetheart… marrying was never on any list of mine.” He reached for her hand and held it tightly in his. “But marrying you… now that’s something different.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Insensibly he formed the most delightful habit in the world, the habit of reading: he did not know that thus he was providing himself with a refuge from all the distress of life; he did not know either that he was creating for himself an unreal world which would make the real world of every day a source of bitter disappointment.
Bo Jackson|When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Amit Kalantri|You know you're like, my hero, right?
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The function of the artist in a disturbed society is to give awareness of the universe, to ask the right questions, and to elevate the mind.
Anne Bishop, Written in Red|Never be too compromising and forgiving coz over time, your stand becomes worthless to others!
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|We show our surprise at this by speaking of something called the “French paradox,” for how could a people who eat such demonstrably toxic substances as foie gras and triple crème cheese actually be slimmer and healthier than we are? Yet I wonder if it doesn’t make more sense to speak in terms of an American paradox—that is, a notably unhealthy people obsessed by the idea of eating healthily.
Ruth Reichl|That anyone should need to write a book advising people to "eat food" could be taken as a measure of our alienation and confusion. Or we can choose to see it in a more positive light and count ourselves fortunate indeed that there is once again real food for us to eat.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|To every complex challenge, there exist a define solution.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|His cloak was his crowning glory; sable, thick and black and soft as sin.
Bjork|What is the good of your stars and trees, your sunrise and the wind, if they do not enter into our daily lives?
Gil Marks|My dad is just like everybody else's dad. I see him as kind of a goofy guy with a great sense of humor. I try to get in a battle of wits with him, but he always gets me. I emulate him because I've never seen anyone work as hard as he does.
Taylor Stevens, The Innocent|Can't you just let it go? Move on?"His face darkened. His eyes glared in response and he was silent a long time while his jaw worked over a toothpick. She'd used the same line that the prophet and his representatives had been using for years. Even if these things did happen, there is no point in being bitter. You should forgive and forget and let bygones be bygones. Kind of galling, considering the insistence upon forgiveness was being made by the people who had done the hurting and done nothing to make up for it. But then, that was the standard 'blame the victim' abuser mentally, and to be expected. Gideon seemed to work through this slap in the face and let it slide. He said, "For a while I thought maybe, you know, if I could talk to the people responsible. If I could show them how difficult life has been because of them, that maybe they would care. I don't know. I thought maybe if they apologized, it would be so much easier to forget this shit. You know? To do what they say and 'let it go'. But nobody will take any personal responsibility. My own parents have nothing to offer but a bunch of whiny excuses. They try to convince me that my life wasn't as bad as I remember it.""Fuck that," he said, "They weren't even there. They don't even know what went on with me. I just..."He paused and pulled his fingers through his hair. "Christ," he said. He paused again, eyes to the sky, and then back to her."Even the people who never personally raised a hand against me still propped up the regime that made it happen. They stood by and allowed it. Played a part. All of them. Every single one was a participant. Either directly or by looking away. Institutionally, doctrinally, they abused us. Sent us into the streets to beg, denied us an education, had us beaten, starved, exorcised, and separated from our parents. They broke up our families, gave our bodies to perverts, and stole our future. And then they turn around and say we're supposed to just forget it happened and move on from it. If instead we bring up the past, then they'll call us liars. Say we're exaggerating or making it up completely. Why the hell would be make any of this shit up? What's the point in that? To make our lives seem worse than they were? Not that I would, but do you have any idea how much exaggeration it would take for the average person to even begin to grasp how fucking miserable it was? And then, if they ever do admit to any of it, they say that 'mistakes were made'. ""Mistakes." he said. He was leaning forward again, punctuating the air with his finger. "Michael, they commit crimes against children. You know, those things people in society go to jail for when they're caught. And then to the public they do what they always do. Deny. Deny. Deny. And we're left more raped than ever. Victimized first by what they did, and again by their refusal to admit that it happened. They paint us as bitter apostates and liars to a world that not only doesn't give a shit, but also couldn't possibly understand even if it did.""I do," Munroe said. And Gideon stopped.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|The silent workers get lost in the endlessdarkness of the corporate world. Thosewho work hard and constantly seek tobe visible to their superiors, those whoshowcase their hard work, are the ones whoadvance to positions of greater power andresponsibility.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|She understood she was far from perfect, but to even imagine that Jesus could step off the throne of heaven to die for someone so small and full of sin, it was hard to understand
Dada Bhagwan|All your future needs are ready for you, because within [us] resides the Supreme Lord. Provided there is no interference from [our] mind-speech-body!
Neda Aria|The first thing you're going to want to know about me is: Am I a boy, or am I a girl?
Gillian Bronte Adams, Songkeeper|They say 'Chaos is the ally of the desperate man,' and I reckon it applies to dwarves and snot-nosed boys too. Let's test is at the front gate, shall we?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|For know, dear ones, that every one of us is undoubtedly responsible for all men- and everything on earth, not merely through the general sinfulness of creation, but each one personally for all mankind and every individual man. This knowledge is the crown of life for the monk and for every man. For monks are not a special sort of men, but only what all men ought to be. Only through that knowledge, our heart grows soft with infinite, universal, inexhaustible love. Then every one of you will have the power to win over the whole world by love and to wash away the sins of the world with your tears.
Gene Roddenberry|When dreams become more important than reality, you give up travel, building, creating; you even forget how to repair the machines left behind by your ancestors. You just sit living and reliving other lives left behind in the thought records.-- Vina, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"), Star Trek, 1966
Alan W. Watts, Nature, Man and Woman|We fail so easily to see the difference between fear of the unknown and respect for the unknown, thinking that those who do not hasten in with bright lights and knives are deterred by a holy and superstitious fear. Respect for the unknown is the attitude of those who, instead of raping nature, woo her until she gives herself. But what she gives, even then, is not the cold clarity of the surface but the warm inwardness of the body - a mysteriousness which is not merely a negation, a blank absence of knowledge, but that positive substance which we call wonderfull.
John Paul II, Blessed Are the Pure of Heart: Catechesis on the Sermon on the Mount and Writings of St. Paul|In suffocating the voice of conscience, passion carries with itself a restlessness of the body and the senses: it is the restlessness of the "external man." When the internal man has been reduced to silence, then passion, once it has been given freedom of action, so to speak, exhibits itself as an insistent tendency to satisfy the senses and the body.
George Orwell, The Collected Essays, Journalism and Letters of George Orwell 1903-1950|Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting. (in "The Sporting Spirit", Tribune, GB, London, December 1945)
Tasha Hoggatt|10.	Never allow your imagination to stop. It was the imagination of great people that brought us the internet, the pyramids, cars, airplanes, boats, great novels, beautiful painting, classical songs, great movies, water irrigation, solar panels, the statue of liberty, the wall of china and so forth. Never under estimate your imagination.
John Berger|Today the discredit of words is very great. Most of the time the media transmit lies. In the face of an intolerable world, words appear to change very little. State power has become congenitally deaf, which is why /but the editorialists forget it /terrorists are reduced to bombs and hijacking.
Kaitlyn Dunnett, Kilt at the Highland Games|She made an inarticulate sound of distress at the sight that met her eyes. It was a fire, and it was the bookstore on the far side of the square that was burning.
David Brisbin|When people really are writers, they write. Artists draw. Golfers golf. Fish swim. Can’t keep them from it; it’s who they are. They may dream of the big time, but in the meantime, they’ll draw or write on napkins if they have to, and every hallway is a fairway. Or a green.Dave Brisbin
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Ryder stepped into the hallway to discover Tiny sitting in the middle, his tail wagging in greeting and what looked like a goofy smile on his face. Despite Tiny’s size, his behaviour and the sheer impracticality of having him here, Ryder felt stupidly happy to see his big, dumb face. For about two seconds. Until he saw the offering at Tiny’s feet. A steaming mountain of crap right in the middle of the hall runner.Ryder blinked. He’d never seen so much dog doo in his life. What the hell had they been feeding him? Bricks?
J. Mack Stiles, Evangelism: How the Whole Church Speaks of Jesus|Give me a child until he is seven, thought Tom, and he is forever after mine. When the Fascists say it, they're bums and kidnappers, but when the Church says it, it is known as putting a kid on the right track.
Al Sharpton|We are buried beneath the weight of information, which is being confused with knowledge; quantity is being confused with abundance and wealth with happiness.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.
Stephen K. Hayes|The warrior learns of the spiritual realm by dwelling on the cutting edge of the sword, standing at the edge of the fire pit, venturing right up to the edge of starvation if necessary. Vibrant and intense living is the warrior's form of worship.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The church needs to arise not just against total and absolute ignorance, the church also needs to arise against half-truth or falsehood, which is some of the things that are prevailing in our churches today.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you have a dream as a child, but you let it go cold, you will grow old only to realize that you have sold your gold for no royalty!
Robert M. Price|I bet you've seen the fundamentalist bumper sticker that says, "God said it! I believe it! That settles it!" It must be a typo because what the driver really means is, "I said it! God believes it! That settles it!
Mona Adnan|Remember when we didn't know that colours can mix and form other colours. When we were not introduced to strokes that brushes can form, when light and dark were not necessary for the picture to be completed, and when it was a matter of lines that were not suppose to be connected. When feelings crashed on a white heart unintentionally and when our soul was not held in captive. Remember?
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|I'm not prepared for Rue's family. Her parents, whose faces are still fresh with sorrow. Her fiver younger siblings, who resemble her so closely. The slight builds, the luminous brown eyes. They form a flock of small dark birds.
Heather King|Humility cannot be taught by propaganda, though slavery can. Shouting for humility is a form of arrogance. One of my most abiding recollections is of a priest at a religious occasion once roaring, in the most threatening way imaginable: 	‘O our Lord God, we most humbly pray…!’Real humility is not always the same as apparent humility. Remember that fighting against self-conceit is still fighting: and that it will tend to suppress it temporarily. It does not cure anything.Remember, too, that humility itself does not bring an automatic reward: it is a means to an end. It enables a person to operate in a certain manner.
Emily Thorne|They say the best laid plans often go a lie, Because no matter how detailed the preparation, A plan will always have a weak point and there will always be those looking to exploit it. To do into the plan failure and the perpetrator along with it.
John Boyne, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas|He looked the boy up and down as if he had never seen a child before and wasn't quite sure what he was supposed to do with one: eat it, ignore it or kick it down the stairs.
Chris Bohjalian, The Light in the Ruins|Africa occupied a relatively blank space in the minds of most Americans, and when they stopped to think about it, aided by old and deeply ingrained habits of press coverage, all they could imagine was volcano, occupation, disease, and horror.
Maggie Nelson, The Art of Cruelty: A Reckoning|Misogyny, when expressed or explored by men, remains a timeless classic.
Vernon Howard|For memory, we use our imagination. We take a few strands of real time and carry them with us, then like an oyster we create a pearl around them.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress|Where there is a lack of rest, there is an abundance of stress.
C. JoyBell C.|Forgiveness is a very curious thing, in that you must not only know how to forgive; but you must also know how to accept forgiveness. Both of these aspects are equally important. When someone forgives you— believe it.
Kennedy Odede, Find Me Unafraid: Love, Loss, and Hope in an African Slum|When we dare to hope, we create more hope in the world.
John Zakour, The Plutonium Blonde|Earlier that day, a typewriter bomb had exploded at a black market skin house over on Eel Street, sending words raining through the cardboard walls of the boudoirs and tattooing copies of the Machinist’s ‘Twelve Terms’ on the bodies of whores and patrons alike. Forty pieces of merch ruined. Their bodies had been obliterated by language, all traces of their sexuality buried beneath a storm of words. There was something horrific about the sight of those who had survived a typewriter attack. Their faces scarred with text, as if they had become hostages to some awful advertisement. A few of the victims took to working the streets around the library where bibliophiles sometimes paid them to satisfy their fantasies amid the desolate hush of the reading rooms and the deserted stacks where the only witnesses to this erotic pantomime of the blank body and its printed partner were other words.
Coco J. Ginger|I HOLDIf I could have had him,I could have let himgo.But withoutthe having there was nothing—so to the nothingIhold.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|By becoming aware of how you eat your eating will become a rich experience blessed with tasteful flavor, joyful texture, a deep sense of gratitude, and pleasurable contentment.
Samantha  Wood, The Bay of Shadows|Then, as she turned in a majestic arc for home, a beautiful sunrise appeared on the horizon, as golden and perfect as the very first ray of sun at the beginning of time.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Jake's POV: Meanwhile, Ally was here with Marshall Moss, who she was obviously going to hook up with later. They'd barely stopped touching each other all night. Even now, they were out in the middle of the dance floor dancing to some Black Eyed Peas song. No reason to be touching for a fast song, but they were. Holding hands while they bounced around with friends.She looked happy. Which made me want to punch someone. Preferably Marshall Moss.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|The kind of people I absolutely cannot tolerate are those who never let you forget they are religious. It seems to me that a truly religious person would let his life be example enough, would not let his religion interfere with being a human being, and would not be so insecure as to have to fawn publicly before his gods.
Halsey|There was a lot of the 'Hamilton' experience that was like a locomotive. It was a hurricane, so the apartment often looked like a hurricane. There were clothes and shoes all over. We were getting more things in than we had room for. We had to figure out how to make space for all the blessings and goodness coming toward us.
Mekiah Johnson|No matter how weird we all are, were still human.
Steven Sutherland|You yourself are a letter, read and known by all men.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Therefore let every soul be in subjection to the higher powers' (Rom 13.1). The Christian must not be drawn to the bearers of high office; his calling is to stay below. The higher power are over him, and he must remain under them. The world exercises dominion, the Christian serves, and thus he shares the earthly lot of his Lord, who became a servant. 'For there is no power but of God.' (Mark 10.42-45) These words are addressed to the Christians, not to the powers.
George Matthew Allen|People with the most interests live, not only longest, but happiest.
Thomas Hughes|Civilians who volunteer generally wish to escape, not to share, privatizations worse than their own.
Chris Hedges|So that’s what art is, for the artist,” said Crake. “An empty drainpipe. An amplifier. A stab at getting laid.
Ishmael Beah|Our destinations are Booleans – we reach them or we don’t – but our journeys are spectrums, because there are so many paths we can take to our destination that make getting there that much better.
Anonymous, The Message Remix|You're here to be light, bringing out the God-colors in the world.(Matthew 5:14, The Message)
Dakota Lane, The Orpheus Obsession|Because all the brilliant ones- they can sing it and they can paint it, but they can't do it. You can't expect them to love you.
Diane Duane, Deep Wizardry|Must I accept the barren Gift?-learn death, and lose my Mastery?Then let them know whose blood and breathwill take the Gift and set them free:whose is the voice and whose the mindto set at naught the well-sung Game-when finned Finality arrivesand calls me by my secret Name.Not old enough to love as yet,but old enough to die, indeed--the death-fear bites my throat and heart,fanged cousin to the Pale One's breed.But past the fear lies life for all-perhaps for me: and, past my dread,past loss of Mastery and life,the Sea shall yet give up Her dead!Lone Power, I accept your Gift!Freely I make death a part of me;By my accept it is boundinto the lives of all the Sea-yet what I do now binds to ita gift I feel of equal worth:I take Death with me, out of Time,and make of it a path, a birth!Let the teeth come! As they tear me,they tear Your ancient hate for aye--so rage, proud Power! Fail again,and see my blood teach Death to die!
Alain de Botton|The philosophy I love is very selective. It is really just the bit that is involved in a search for wisdom, and this means a short roll call of names; Socrates, Marcus Aurelius, Seneca, Epicurus, Montaigne, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche.
Neil Gaiman, Brief Lives|Is there a word for forgetting the name of someone when you want to introduce them to someone else at the same time you realize you've forgotten the name of the person you're introducing them to as well?""No.
Geoff Manaugh, A Burglar's Guide to the City|there used to be, dirtside, a legal defenses called "diminished capacity" and "not guilty by reason on insanity." These concepts would bewilder a Loonie. In Luna City a man would necessarily be of diminished mental capacity to even think about rape; to carry one out would be the strongest possible proof of insanity - but among Loonies such mental disorders would not gain a rapist any sympathy. loonies do not psychoanalyze a rapist; they kill him. Now. Fast. Brutally.
davidji|Our thoughts are not roadblocks to our meditation, they are the divine expression of the universe and the building blocks of infinite possibilities available to us in every moment.
Isaac Asimov, Second Foundation|I know betrayal can unravel a man. I learned early on from watching my parents that men are capable of doing terrible things to women when they feel deceived. When the bubble of trust and honesty bursts, nothing is off-limits.
Martine Leavitt, Keturah and Lord Death|You have a long history," he said, when Lanya indicated her story was finished. "Ah, Harrier, were I to tell you a long story, we should be here for a sennight, perhaps more. Long stories are best saved for deep winter, when the days are short and time grows heavy." Lanya glanced at the sky.
Pope Francis|All humans make mistakes. But there is no room or allowance in the fevered world of conspiracy theorists for mistakes, human errors, anomalies, or plain incompetence, though the latter, from the highest levels on down, is endemic to our society.
Rumi|A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|She smiled, pulling the photo a little closer, and I wondered if I should ask her, too, the question for my project, get her definition. But as she ran a finger slowly across the faces, identifying each one, it occurred to me that maybe this was her answer. All those names, strung together like beads on a chain. Coming together, splitting apart, but still and always, a family. (page 289) ~Ruby
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|The first step in awareness is to be watchful of your body. Slowly,slowly one becomes alert about each gesture,each movement. And as you become aware, a miracle starts happening: many things that you used to do before simply disappear. Your body becomes more relaxed,your body becomes more attuned, a deep peace starts prevailing even in your body, a subtle music pulsates in your body.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|Wow, is that Katniss making out with Yoda?
James Jean-Pierre|Go quietly, alone; no harm will befall you.
Susan X. Meagher, All That Matters|Blair was home when Kylie arrived the next night, and as soon as the doctor walked into the house, Blair called out, “Get changed! I brought carryouts for dinner. We’re gonna spend the whole night talking about the dangerous world of lesbianism.” “I have a feeling that someone’s not taking my concerns very seriously,” Kylie said when she walked into the kitchen. Blair gave her a hug and said, “I take you and your concerns very seriously. But I’m confident that I’ve thought of the repercussions, and I know that once I convince you of that, we’re gonna be fine.” She gave her a dazzling smile and said, “Is it okay if I’m happy about that?” “I suppose so,” Kylie said, trying but failing to look aggrieved. She wrapped her arms around Blair and playfully tossed her back and forth. “You’re so darned cute that I can barely stand it!” “Oh, you haven’t seen half of it. Just you wait. I’ll confound you with cuteness.
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|And in the echo of that gladness, horror blooms within me. In its own strange way, it's a horror as deep as any I've experienced so far. I've succeeded in taking another human hostage, in making him urinate on himself. I made a plan to torture someone, and then I carried it out, and it satisfied me to do so. As much hurt and hell as the Wolfman has caused, I don't want to be his judge and jury, his jailer and tormentor. I don't want to be that person. I want to be good. I don't want to fall into a big, black pit of darkness, because what if I can't get out?
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|The General belonged to the learned type of military men who believed that liberal and humane views can be reconciled with their profession. But being by nature a kind and intelligent man, he soon felt the impossibility of such a reconciliation.
Ridley Scott|Because a person has to be either working or looking for work to be counted as part of the labor force, an increase in the number of people too discouraged to continue their search for work would reduce the unemployment rate, all else being equal - but not for a positive reason.
C.S. Lewis, Present Concerns|Where men are forbidden to honour a king they honour millionaires, athletes, or film-stars instead: even famous prostitutes or gangsters. For spiritual nature, like bodily nature, will be served; deny it food and it will gobble poison.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Reach out for, then embrace your heart consciousness, tap into The Power of The Heart.
Terry Tempest Williams, Refuge: An Unnatural History of Family and Place|This was our last night. We only had one curtain call, Bree. And I thought they were going to give us a standing ovation, but no-o-o-. Do you know why half the audience stood up?""To get a head start on the traffic," Bree said."To get a head start on the traffic," Antonia agreed in indignation. "I mean, here we are, dancing and singing our little guts out, and all those folks want to do is get to bed early. I ask you, whatever happened to common courtesy? Whatever happened to decent manners? Doesn't anyone care about craft anymore? And on top of that, it's not even nice.
Patty Loveless|When I create an image that helps someone - even just myself - find peace, then I've attained my goal.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|There was just one cheeky bastard in the club that night and it started World War Three. There was a bloodbath down there, they all got locked up, and the police dogs didn’t need feeding for a week after that.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|Whatever you are not changing, you are choosing.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|People told me not to get married; I didn´t listen. No one ever listens, it seems to me now. Perhaps people should stop trying to communicate. N was not a communicator; early on, I´d insisted on communication. Now I see his point acutely. I would love to have him back to not communicate with me. I would never ask for communication again, I would simply go elsewhere for the deep fish. Also, I´m not at all sure I want to hear what he has to say in this new vista. This works out well.
Diane Williams|My husband said to me while I was swooning in his arms, 'Why are all the longest dances the draggiest?'I took this to mean that he has not loved me for a very long time. Everything means something, or it does not. I have expressed an opinion. Every effect has a source that is not unfamiliar. It's all so evil.("The Uncanny")
Octavia E. Butler|All he cares about here on the edge of forever, is her. He does not want to die. Not because he is afraid. Simply because he cannot bear the thought of leaving her behind.
Dara Reidyr|Doubt everything except your conscience, even then test the waters, for much brainwashing has gone out into the world
Hosea Ballou|Justice is rather the activity of truth, than a virtue in itself. Truth tells us what is due to others, and justice renders that due. Injustice is acting a lie.
Patsy Clairmont|Normal" is just a setting on your dryer.
Gene Wolfe, Latro in the Mist|This is to be mortal, And seek the things beyond mortality.
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|Solitude is the "think tank" of the soul.
Anonomyous.|Emotion lay at the very heart of the process of perception, intertwined with intellectual functions, yet adding to perception a quality that reason lacked.
Clara Bensen, No Baggage: A Minimalist Tale of Love and Wandering|I don't think I'm entirely on board with the 'do what you truly want to do' school of thought. Not without a little more nuance. There has to be an anchor in the wide-open space. Otherwise, 'doing what you truly want' isn't an authentic attempt at exploration -- it's just another hyper-individualistic credo masquerading as something grand. I mean we're all gung ho about pursuing personal freedom, but why do we want it? If we never constructively apply it to something beyond ourselves, and if it doesn't deepen our sense of connection and humanity, then what's the point?
Michael Scott, The Warlock|Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.
John Muir|Embrace every opportunity of exercising kind feelings and doing good to others, especially to the household of faith.
Kathleen A. Kendall-Tackett|I prayed in silence that perhaps even now, the queen might have a son and might know joy like this, such a strange, unexpected joy- the happiness of caring for a child whose whole life was in my hands.
Ernest Dowson, The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson|I have forgot much, Cynara! gone with the wind,Flung roses, roses riotously with the throng,Dancing, to put thy pale, lost lilies out of mind;But I was desolate and sick of an old passion,Yea, all the time, because the dance was long;I have been faithful to thee, Cynara! in my fashion.I cried for madder music and for stronger wine,But when the feast is finished and the lamps expire,Then falls thy shadow, Cynara! the night is thine;And I am desolate and sick of an old passion,Yea, hungry for the lips of my desire:I have been faithful to thee, Cynara! in my fashion.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just be a deliverer of yourself, but a deliverer of your whole nation
David Nicholls, One Day|Every week seems to bring another luxuriantly creamy envelope, the thickness of a letter-bomb, containing a complex invitation – a triumph of paper engineering – and a comprehensive dossier of phone numbers, email addresses, websites, how to get there, what to wear, where to buy the gifts. Country house hotels are being block-booked, great schools of salmon are being poached, vast marquees are appearing overnight like Bedouin tent cities. Silky grey morning suits and top hats are being hired and worn with an absolutely straight face, and the times are heady and golden for florists and caterers, string quartets and Ceilidh callers, ice sculptors and the makers of disposable cameras. Decent Motown cover-bands are limp with exhaustion. Churches are back in fashion, and these days the happy couple are travelling the short distance from the place of worship to the reception on open-topped London buses, in hot-air balloons, on the backs of matching white stallions, in micro-lite planes. A wedding requires immense reserves of love and commitment and time off work, not least from the guests. Confetti costs eight pounds a box. A bag of rice from the corner shop just won’t cut it anymore.
Jess Michaels, A Moment of Passion|He was changed, burned, branded, destroyed and rebuilt. And he loved it.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|And yes, when he kisses you, the rest of the world disappears and your brain shuts off and all you can feel are his lips and nothing else matters.
Nick Ortner, The Tapping Solution: A Revolutionary System for Stress-Free Living|A person who is walking around with the belief I am safe in my body is going toapproach the world from a very different place than someone who doesn't believethat. That person will be more confident in approaching others, as Sonia was insharing her business at the women’s event. They’re going to be much more willing to put themselves out in the world, to be vulnerable in relationships, and to be willing to risk and dare, because they’re operating from a place of safety. Page 60
Octavio Paz|I thought that the world was a vast system of signs, a conversation between giant beings. My actions, the cricket's saw, the star's blink, were nothing but pauses and syllables, scattered phrases from that dialogue. What word could it be, of which I was only a syllable? Who speaks the word? To whom is it spoken?
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia in the Attic|Suddenly, the shadow disappeared through the wall! Maybe the shadow disappeared again.Can we please go back home now?I really don’t like it here & I’m scared! Julia pleaded.The shadow was standing by a very small cage, pointing its long, thin finger towards the floor.
Albert Camus|...since the order of the world is shaped by death, mightn't it be better for God if we refuse to believe in Him and struggle with all our might against death, without raising our eyes towards the heaven where He sits in silence?
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|Until you have experienced raccoons mating underneath your bedroom at three in the morning, you have missed one of life's sensational moments.
Epictetus|The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness.
Felix Dennis|I love the simple poetry of theater, where you can stand in a spotlight on a stage and wrap a coat around you, and say, 'It was 1860 and it was winter...'
Joshua Oppenheimer|As you get older, you see the world at a different angle, maybe more cynically, but I just bury my anger.
Brigitte Bardot|Disappointment is a sticky one, because no one can steal contentment, joy, gratitude, or peace - we have to give it away.
William Shakespeare, Henry VIII|I have also figured out that for many people death is a difficult subject, not at all as simple as it is for me.
Kelsey Sutton, Where Silence Gathers|When you discard arrogance, complexity, and a few other things that get in the way, sooner or later you will discover that simple, childlike, and mysterious secret known to those of the uncared block: life is fun.
Saim .A. Cheeda, Here & After|He stared at Esmelda with a face like glass, nothing hidden. What I saw there wasn’t steel or fire or stone. Feelings stirred in me and I had to look away. I knew what I saw because I’d felt them, too — understanding, sadness, compassion...forgiveness.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|The way we experience the pilgrimage is a reflection of our inner state,’ the imam said. ‘To some of us it will be a strenuous trial, whereas to others every step of the way is a joy, despite the privations and discomfort.
Colin Meloy|And so the bird was the end of the man, and the man was the beginning of the bird.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|Why are we so desperate to escape the material world? Is it really so bleak? Or could it be, rather, that we have made it bleak: obscured its vibrant mystery with our ideological blinders, severed its infinite connectedness with our categories, suppressed its spontaneous order with our pavement, reduced its infinite variety with our commodities, shattered its eternity with our time-keeping, and denied its abundance with our money system?
William Shakespeare, Othello|As I am an honest man, I thought you had received some bodily wound. There is more sense in that than in reputation. Reputation is an idle and most false imposition, oft got without merit and lost without deserving.
Jeaniene Frost, One Grave at a Time|He also deeply distrusts vampires, as you had guessed yourself,” Bones added. “Aside from that, all I heard was enough repetitions of ‘how many chucks could a woodchuck chuck’ to make me want to stake myself.
Saaif Alam|If people heavily rely on innovations that contain artificial intelligence, they would end up losing their own critical thinking and creativity skills to complete educational and/or job related tasks, which would result them to lose credibility when the work gets accomplished.
Stephen Gardiner|If I designed a computer with 200 chips, I tried to design it with 150. And then I would try to design it with 100. I just tried to find every trick I could in life to design things real tiny.
Bono, Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas|The stars move still, time runs, the clock will strike
Anne Rice|There were glowing pumpkins and ghost lights in the yard and cheerful looking spiders and vampire posters everywhere.  “This is just disgusting,” Abel said in disgust, landing on a happy mummy poster staked in the yard.  “Must everything be commercialized these days?  I’m surprised the vampires don’t sparkle.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|A spirit of candor and frankness, when wholly unaccompanied with coarseness, headmired in others, but he could not acquire it himself.
Delphine de Vigan, No and Me|But Mr. Hale resolved that he would not be disturbed by any such nonsensical idea; so he lay awake, determining not to think about it.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|​Dharma or Ethics and Morals are the Fundamental Set of Rules created for those who want to Play the Game, by those who are Inside the Game.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|On sunny days of summer, I am indeed the butterfly;And like the ancient drummer,I rhythm straight towards the sky...
Linda Olsson|...I still saw everything through the filter I had created in order to survive. I could not see the happiness that preceded the abyss. I had forced myself not to acknowledge my life's most splendid moment, in order to be able to live out the rest of my life without it. I think that was what had happened. It has changed since, but back then it was impossible for me to embrace the happiness I had lost.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|If there is pain, nurse it, and if there is a flame, don't snuff it out, don't be brutal with it. Withdrawal can be a terrible thing when it keeps us awake at night, and watching others forget us sooner than we'd want to be forgotten is no better. We rip out so much of ourselves to be cured of things faster than we should that we go bankrupt by the age of thirty and have less to offer each time we start with someone new. But to feel nothing so as not to feel anything - what a waste! (p. 225)
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|The first service that one owes to others in the fellowship consists in listening to them. Just as love to God begins with listening to His Word, so the beginning of love for the brethren is learning to listen to them. It is God's love for us that He not only gives us His Word but also lends us His ear. So it is His work that we do for our brother and sister when we learn to listen to them.
Michael Cera|While the resurrection promises us a new and perfect life in the future, God loves us too much to leave us alone to contend with the pain, guilt and loneliness of our present life.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|it seems that once again people engage in a search for evidence that is biased toward confirmation. Asked to assess the similarity of two entities, people pay more attention to the ways in which they are similar than to the ways in which they differ. Asked to assess dissimilarity, they become more concerned with differences than with similarities. In other words, when testing a hypothesis of similarity, people look for evidence of similarity rather than dissimilarity, and when testing a hypothesis of dissimilarity, they do the opposite. The relationship one perceives between two entities, then, can vary with the precise form of the question that is asked
Sheri L. Dew|The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it's possible to achieve the American dream.
Bryan Chapell, Unlimited Grace: The Heart Chemistry That Frees from Sin and Fuels the Christian Life|I used to move gracefully. I used to know the word grace to the center of my bones. Now I seek it every day and fall short, inevitably, every day. I lost grace.
Donna Lynn Hope|Oh yes, it's very tragic. Why does everyone always like love stories? What about absence-of-love stories? Aren't they much more common?
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|…I wanted to remove,my diamond earrings,for I felt they were,weighing a little heavy.I wanted to remove my heels,for I felt they were,taking me a little,above the ground,than I needed to be.I wanted to,throw away my blazer,for it was too much,of a thick layer,to what I am deep inside.” (Poem- Unambitious, Book- Ginger and Honey)
Deyth Banger|Tell me why you don't do it??"I can't..." what you can't "... It's too far"... why??(Sometimes you keep asking yourself why this friend don't stay out... he is going fast to home... but why and why??Why he don't want to stay with his best friend, why?So the school is important than friendship??Why?How?)...
Mother Mary Francis P.C.C.|A woman's greatest and most perduring failure will be her failure to love. It is certainly not without significance that so many women presently pressing for power on the political, sociological or ecclesial scene are unbeautiful in their unsmilling press for dominance. Contorted faces and clenched fists are particularly repellant in woman, who is gifted with unique powers to radiate love and extend healing hands.
Scott Kaelen, Bleak '93|He stared at the corner of the yellowed ceiling, at the spider web and its solitary occupant. “Why here?” he asked the spider. “You could choose anywhere instead of this house. I know I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t have to be.” The spider said nothing. Come to think of it, Callum was sure the spider hadn’t moved even an inch in the last week. Maybe it was dead. Dead and crisp like the untouched wasp carcass on his window sill.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Many of the great humanitarian and environmental campaigns of our time have been to make the unknown real, the invisible visible, to bring the faraway near, so that the suffering of sweatshop workers, torture victims, beaten children, even the destruction of other species and remote places, impinges on the imagination and perhaps prompts you to act.
Lucy Connors, The Lonesome Young|Who are you?” I whispered, leaning forward and reaching across the table to touch his sternly gorgeous face, almost afraid he’d disappear beneath my fingertips. “The face of an angel, the soul of a poet, and the fists of a fighter. I don’t know how to understand you, Mickey.”Mickey caught my hand with his and then turned his head and pressed a soft kiss in my palm. “I’m not the only poet at this table.
John Darnielle|Opera combines pretty basic theater and poetry, but the storyline itself is actually quite poetic and, after some digital research, taking that actual content and seeing it as undeniably poetic.
Patricia Briggs, When Demons Walk|Over a lifetime of dealing with difficult women, I have learned it is often better to give into their demands immediately.
Greg Grandin|The leaders of the world face no greater task than that of avoiding nuclear war. While preserving the cause of freedom, we must seek abolition of war through programs of general and complete disarmament. The Test-Ban Treaty of 1963 represents a significant beginning in this immense undertaking.
Shannon L. Alder|Each of us has empty spaces in our heart that go through life being filled temporarily, by the various people we meet along the way. The trick is to find what needs to remain permanently filled in our soul and what needs to be filled occasionally through encounters.
Tennessee Williams, Conversations with Tennessee Williams|She might have been born this way, without an empathy gene and other essentials. In that case, she would interpret any kindness as weakness. Among predatory beasts, any display of weakness is an invitation to attack.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|From the cradle to the grave, joy and pain is the fertilizer for wisdom.
Roald Dahl|I is a dreamblowing giant,” the BFG said. “(...) I is scuddling away to other places to blow dreams into the bedrooms of sleeping children. Nice dreams. Lovely golden dreams. Dreams that is giving the dreamers a happy time.
Walter Benjamin, Illuminations: Essays and Reflections|The important thing for the remembering author is not what he experienced, but the weaving of his memory, the Penelope work of recollection. Or should one call it, rather, the Penelope work of forgetting? ... And is not his work of spontaneous recollection, in which remembrance is the woof and forgetting the warp, a counterpart to Penelope's work rather than its likeness? For here the day unravels what the night has woven. When we awake each morning, we hold in our hands, usually weakly and loosely, but a few fringes of the tapestry of a lived life, as loomed for us by forgetting. However, with our purposeful activity and, even more, our purposive remembering each day unravels the web and the ornaments of forgetting.
Channing Tatum|Interesting things come your way but as you get older, your lifestyle changes. I don't want to travel; I don't want to be in a hotel room away from my family.
Amy Poehler|I just love bossy women. I could be around them all day. To me, bossy is not a pejorative term at all. It means someone's passionate and engaged and ambitious and doesn't mind leading.
Panashe Chigumadzi, Sweet Medicine|You know, Tsitsi, you are so quick to point out that you are not a prostitute. I just want to laugh because you are just falling into rank. You all should spare us your ‘morality’ that lauds ‘women’ over the supposedly lesser ‘whores’ and ‘girls’. That’s how society sees us. That’s how you see us. You want it to be that we are like coal, only to be loved in the dark and tossed like ashes come morning.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|What defines our world; believes, thoughts, dreams, decisions, choices and actions.
Scott Cawthon, Five Nights at Freddy's: The Silver Eyes|It was a time when she did not have the words to name things she saw, and so now, when she tried to recall them, the words could never be right.
Tim O'Brien|But truly it was not the money that mattered. It was the distant glitter of everything that was possible in the world, the things she had always wanted for herself and could not name and called happiness because there was no other word.
Voyage au bout de la nuit|I took my pill at eleven. An hour and half later I was sitting in my study, looking intently at a small glass vase. The vase contained only three flowers -- a full-blown Belle of Portugal rose, shell pink with a hint at every petal's base of a hotter, flamier hue; a large magenta and cream-coloured carnation; and, pale purple at the end of its broken stalk, the bold heraldic blossom of an iris. Fortuitous and provisional, the little nosegay broke all the rules of traditional good taste. At breakfast that morning I had been struck by the lively dissonance of its colours. But that was no longer the point. I was not looking now at an unusual flower arrangement. I was seeing what Adam had seen on the morning of his creation -- the miracle, moment by moment, of naked existence.
Martin McDonagh, The Pillowman|It was made out to be some kind of honor, giving your life for the good of humanity, but it was really just a reminder that cyborgs were not like everyone else.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Over the inter glaciers,I see the summer glow,And, through the wild-piled snowdrift,The warm rosebuds below.
Hector Elizondo|It's really hard to figure out what they need to know. And that's parenting, in general. It's hard to figure out what would benefit your kids and what would just make them needlessly frightened.
Brent Weeks, The Way of Shadows|Do you know what punishments I've endured for my crimes, my sins? None. I am proof of the absurdity of men's most treasured abstractions. A just universe wouldn't tolerate my existence.
Irene McCullum-Hines, Lost in a Memory|Do something that feels good in the mornings! It will help you to setup your day to take in more knowledge and understanding, which ultimately leads to wisdom.
Julia Quinn, How to Marry a Marquis|There is no better example for our children,then the one we set before them every day
Leah Borski|As parents, we have the responsibility and the power to create a foundational love for nutritious foods that will influence our children's choices for decades to come, setting the stage for our children, grandchildren, and future generations to flourish in wellness and health.
Romain Rolland|If a man is to shed the light of the sun upon other men, he must first of all have it within himself.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Emotional quotient is far more important than intelligence quotient. We live with people, not with math problems.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|The desire for a strong faith is not the proof of a strong faith, rather the opposite. If one has it one may permit oneself the beautiful luxury of skepticism: one is secure enough, fixed enough for it.
Irena Deneva|I cannot conceive of a greater loss than the loss of one's self-respect. Decedents of the beautiful women that fought so hard for centuries to be equal and not objects of men's will, only their achievement to die in vain. As today's woman single desire is to be any men's object by any means on her part. Talk about irony...
R.v.m.|Some see the glass as half full, others see it as half empty, and then there are those who see it as a glass of water.Open your eyes and your mind to see beyond the obvious." ~
Raphael Zernoff|I believe the universe wants to be noticed. I think the universe is improbably biased toward the consciousness, that it rewards intelligence in part because the universe enjoys its elegance being observed.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|There are different forms of seduction, and the kind I have witnessed in Persian dancers is so unique, such a mixture of subtlety and brazenness, I cannot find a Western equivalent to compare it to. I have seen women of vastly different backgrounds take on that same expression: a hazy, lazy, flirtatious look in their eyes. . . . This sort of seduction is elusive; it is sinewy and tactile. It twists, twirls, winds and unwinds. Hands curl and uncurl while the waist seems to coil and recoil. . . . It is openly seductive but not surrendering.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|What's done, is done
Elle Alexander, Grimly Jane|Look closely Jane. This is Majesty Park, the city of wonder. Here you are free to dream dreams and follow them wherever they may take you.
Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future|While wisdom dictates the need for education, education does not necessarily make one wise.
Joe Meno, Office Girl|She turned around to look at me with her enchanting gaze that further pierced my heart; a look I would never forget and I would retain till perpetuity and think of it always whenever she came to my mind. And that is not going to be a few times, if my heart is to have its way.
Mike Birbiglia|I'll tell you what I'm grateful for, and that's the clarity of understanding that the most important things in life are health, family and friends, and the time to spend on them.
S. Bear Bergman, Butch Is a Noun|I have a whole set of problem-solving behaviors and I am anxious to use them, in much the same way that I would stand up on the train to give my seat to someone who seems to need it more than I do: here is something I can address, and I do, and all is well.
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|…This singular reversal may perhaps proceed from the fact that for us the “subject” (since Christianity) is the one who suffers: where there is a wound, there is a subject: die Wunde! die Wunde! says Parsifal, thereby becoming “himself”; and the deeper the wound, at the body’s center (at the “heart”), the more the subject becomes a subject: for the subject is intimacy (“The wound…is of a frightful intimacy”). Such is love’s wound: a radical chasm (at the “roots” of being), which cannot be closed, and out of which the subject drains, constituting himself as a subject in this very draining.”―from_A Lover’s Discourse: Fragments_. Translated by Richard Howard, p. 189
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|There are more glorious days ahead, this should be your joy for today.
Herodotus|If an important decision is to be made, they [the Persians] discuss the question when they are drunk, and the following day the master of the house where the discussion was held submits their decision for reconsideration when they are sober. If they still approve it, it is adopted; if not, it is abandoned. Conversely, any decision they make when they are sober, is reconsidered afterwards when they are drunk.
A.J. Jacobs, The Guinea Pig Diaries: My Life as an Experiment|Plus, in one of his e-mails, the guy said he didn't like pancakes. What kind of asshole doesn't like pancakes? 
Filippo Bologna, The Parrots|At that moment, sitting on that park bench, The Writer was overcome by an indefinable sadness not completely ascribable to the state in which The Mother was now, nor the desperation of his decades-long creative crisis, a sadness so strong he could have peddle it to all the enthusiasts in the world and turned them into depressives, and would still have some left over. Because he no longer knew what to do with so much sadness. And sometimes he didn't even know what to do with himself.
Eli Broad|People actually aren't moving on from companies much more quickly than in the past, but there's a perception that they do, so companies are investing less in talent on the assumption that young employees won't stay long.
Louise Penny, Still Life|Normally death came at night, taking a person in their sleep, stopping their heart or tickling them awake, leading them to the bathroom with a splitting headache before pouncing and flooding their brain with blood. It waits in alleys and metro stops. After the sun goes down plugs are pulled by white-clad guardians and death is invited into an antiseptic room.But in the country death comes, uninvited, during the day. It takes fishermen in their longboats. It grabs children by the ankles as they swim. In winter it calls them down a slope too steep for their budding skills, and crosses their skies at the tips. It waits along the shore where snow met ice not long ago but now, unseen by sparkling eyes, a little water touches the shore, and the skater makes a circle slightly larger than intended. Death stands in the woods with a bow and arrow at dawn and dusk. And it tugs cars off the road in broad daylight, the tires spinning furiously on ice or snow, or bright autumn leaves. 
Payal Kadakia|Resilience isn't a single skill. It's a variety of skills and coping mechanisms. To bounce back from bumps in the road as well as failures, you should focus on emphasizing the positive.
Amy Sedaris, I Like You: Hospitality Under the Influence|Don't answer the door in a wedding dress and veil, he might not think you're joking.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|There is no possible idea," Kenneth thought as he came onto the terrace, "to which the mind of man can't supply some damned alternative or other. Yet one must act.
Kim Yuna|My theory is that literature is essential to society in the way that dreams are essential to our lives. We can't live without dreaming - as we can't live without sleep. We are 'conscious' beings for only a limited period of time, then we sink back into sleep - the 'unconscious.' It is nourishing, in ways we can't fully understand.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Somehow they were entwining without touch, following a choreography laid down in time for lovers.
Robert Fanney|Mithorden said it well," she said finally. "It's worshipping death. They say they follow light. But, in the end, they're really following desolation, division, the end of things. You should hear their prophecies -- war, destruction, only special chosen people are spared." She felt sad and angry. Worse, she wondered to what ends people who believed these things would go to assert their views.
Peter Falk|My father's whole life was work. He had a retail store in Ossining, New York, and I mean, he was down there at 6:15 every morning. The store didn't open until 9, but he hadda be down there. That's all he knew.
Marty Rubin|I love you, and I want you to be happy, I want you to have the life you deserve. And if that means … if that means I have to stand here and watch you walk away, then I’ll do it. I won’t be happy about it. It’ll break my heart. But … if that’s what you really need, then we’re done.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|I know full well what being a Dardano means and so will Gianni and Will, but I want more for him. I want him to know what it is to laugh and to play and to not feel like the whole world is out to get him, to find joy in simple things and not just how many zeroes are in his bank account. And more than that, I want them both to grow up and know that power is not everything. It is necessary, yes and I will teach them how to squash their enemies, how to hit first before they can destroy you but I will also teach them that without love, without a family, none of it means a good God damn. I want them to be worthy of that love when it comes, and to not be so wrapped up in this legacy and this power that they lose sight of love when it’s right in front of their eyes.
Nuno Roque|Koekebakker, I feel so strange inside.' 'Well you certainly smell like jenever,' I said. 'No,' Japi said, ' it's not the jenever. I think my soul is too big.
E. Lockhart, The Treasure Map of Boys: Noel, Jackson, Finn, Hutch, Gideon—and me, Ruby Oliver|..we'll deal with it, because the good outweighs the bad.
Karen Abbott, American Rose: A Nation Laid Bare: The Life and Times of Gypsy Rose Lee|We have scholars galore, and kings and emperors, and statesmen and military leaders, and artists in profusion, and inventors, discoverers, explorers - but where are the great lovers? After a moment's reflection one is back to Abelard and Heloise, or Anthony and Cleopatra, or the story of the Taj Mahal. So much of it is fictive, expanded and glorified by the poverty-stricken lovers whose prayers are answered only by myth and legend.
Laura Riding|'Mistresses' is about the lives of four women, each going through different versions of infidelity. Their longtime friendship is what gets them through extremely challenging times.
Janet Jackson|If we want to increase our own happiness, we need to invest in growing the community happiness and also take care of the whole, of Mother Earth.
Julian Barnes, Talking It Over|Parents who daily read Robert Lewis Stevenson to their children and surrounds them with blocks, plastic animals, and some cardboard boxes or kitchen pots and pans are going to produce a qualitatively different child from those who spend that time on TV or videos, even if their choices ARE only Winnie the Pooh and Mr. Rogers.
Matthew Leeth|If you let something scare you to death, then the worst has happened.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|Minutes turn into hours, and lifetimes into moments. Universes are created and destroyed with nary a pop. What was saved, no longer ex- ists. What was lost, no longer matters.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|And lose my cock, balls and prostate? Are you kidding me? Honey, I’m still all man. I’m just a man with decoration,” Tommy had explained before turning with a flounce and practically floating out of the room in his heels.
Lauren London|While I am aware of no counsel on whether kissing should be reserved only for post-mission dating or courtship, I am aware of plenty of counsel concerning honesty in our actions and treating others with respect and kindness. Casual attitudes about expressions of affection such as kissing can cause much grief and heartache.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|I'm sorry that when you say 'love', I always hear'heartbreak'.
Diana Wynne Jones, Dogsbody|His anger was as great as mine, but hot where mine was cold.
M.F. Moonzajer|Unlike humanity, my mind isn't so frail as to simply climb under gravity and submit to God.
Kalungi B. Samuel Dickens|You don't have to force anyone to Trust You they just do and give away there Heart, Soul and Body to You Only if they really Love you and Mean the world to Them
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Commentaries on Living 1|The oceans never stop. They know no beginning or end. The wind never finishes. Sometimes it disappears, but only to gather momentum from somewhere else, returning to fling itself at the island, to make a point which is lost on Tom.
Baudrillard Jean|The process doesn’t end there. Stories are more than just images. As you continue in the tale, you get to know the characters, motivations and conflicts that make up the core of the story. This requires more parts of the brain. Some parts process emotion. Others infer the thoughts of others, letting us empathize with their experiences. Yet other parts package the experience into memories for future reflection
Jean Williams|In order for someone to follow you, you must be true to heart and purpose. This is true in any relationship. Someone may follow you for awhile without it, but not a lifetime.
Steven Magee|I spot a fly floating on the surface of the water, its little legs pumping madly as it fights to keep itself afloat. I know that feeling.
Francis of Assisi, The Little Flowers of St. Francis of Assisi|And St. Francis said: 'My dear son, be patient, because the weaknesses of the body are given to us in this world by God for the salvation of the soul. So they are of great merit when they are borne patiently.
Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships|If you stay in the company of anger, pain, or hurt, happiness will find someone else to visit. Make the choice to view all of your past relationships as a gift. Throw out what hasn’t worked in the past and incorporate new concepts. Focus on being happy﻿.
Danielle Monsch, The Cage King|She curled those fingers around him and gave a long, lazy pull. "No underwear?""Didn't want to slow you down.
Emma Goldman|What is the meaning of 'gossip?' Doesn't it originate with sympathy, an interest in one's neighbor, degenerating into idle curiosity and love of tattling? Which is worse, this habit, or keeping one's self so absorbed intellectually as to forget the sufferings and cares of others, to lose sympathy through having too much to think about?
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|Bad thing upon bad thing upon bad thing until you can't take anymore, and then it's off to the nearest multistory car park in the family hatchback with a length of rubber tubing. Surely that's fair enough? Surely the coroner's report should read, "He took his own life after sober and careful contemplation of the fucking shambles it had become.
Tina Fey|For me, I don't expect to have a really amazing meal each time I dine out. Having a good meal with your loved ones - that's what makes the experience.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Utilise the combined power of creative consciousness of the heart, mind and higher self to manifest, modify and manage your total reality. Create a state of Bliss where everything is in perfect balance.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|He seemed only ... annoyed. Annoyed, and sweaty, and hot. "Yeah, well," he said, "the next time you decide to sneak out of our magically warded apartment through a door that shouldn't really exist, leave a note.
Amy Lane, Truth in the Dark|I was terrified of my weakness, of my sharp tongue, ofmy every flaw. I was terrified that this moment, my chance tolive in happiness for however short a time we may have had,would be ruined because I was simply not carved out of thesame wood as happiness, and that my grain was too twistedto ever take its form.
Pamela Alvarado|I shook Alan’s hand and the feeling just grew stronger. It was a bit frustrating. Like when you’re looking for what to say and it’s on the tip of your tongue, but no matter how hard you try, it just keeps eluding you.
Kyle Schmalenberg|How can you trust only yourself when your eyes can blind you, your ears deceive you, when you speak that which you don’t mean, and do that which you planned against?
John Varvatos|There is always going to be that luxury customer out there. I have clients who buy $10,000 dresses and clients who buy $60 dresses. It's not so much about the money. Design is a mentality.
Alden Nowlan|Growing up is never straight forward.There are moments when everything is fine, and other moments where you realize that there are certain memories that you'll never get back, and certain people that are going to change, and the hardest part is knowing thatthere's nothing you can do except watch them.
James Wan|'Fast and Furious' is the only franchise that I've directed that I did not create from scratch. So it definitely was an eye-opening experience for me coming to that world. I had to be respectful of the roles that had been established by the filmmakers before me, and I was cool with that.
Basil the Great|When someone steals another's clothes, we call them a thief. Should we not give the same name to one who could clothe the naked and does not? The bread in your cupboard belongs to the hungry; the coat unused in your closet belongs to the one who needs it; the shoes rotting in your closet belong to the one who has no shoes; the money which you hoard up belongs to the poor.
Heather Lynn Rigaud, Fitzwilliam Darcy, Rock Star|my own chocolate center has filled up with poison,the roses he gave me all twisted black
Ezra Taft Benson|I was never against marriage per se. Before feminism, I didn't think you had any choice. In fact, for a long time I always assumed I would get married. I just didn't see any marriages I wanted to emulate, so I kept putting it off.
Kate Evangelista, Til Death|You’re a people pleaser, aren’t you? You’re the type that can’t stand someone not liking you and showing it.” Raising his head, he laughed openly now.“That’s just...” I wanted to take a book from the shelf beside me and throw it at him. “I don’t even have a word—”“Then I suggest you read a little more so you can find the word you’re looking for.” He hid his chuckle behind a fist.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.
Nicolas Barreau, The Ingredients of Love|MIND is not a dustbin to keep anger, hatred and jealousy. But it is the treasure box to keep, love happiness and sweet memories.
Flea|My father superintended the English part of my education, and to his care I am indebted for anything valuable which I may have acquired in my youth. He was my only intelligent companion, and was both a watchful parent and an affectionate friend.
Elizabeth  George|I'm fairly fond of boys, but my preference is for girls; When I have enough of a girl, she serves me still as a boy.
Sara Gruen, At the Water's Edge|It seems there's nothing so good or pure it cant be taken without a moment's notice. And then in the end, it all gets taken anyway.
John F. Kennedy|She glanced at her watch, reminding herself who she was.
Angela Thirkell, Wild Strawberries|I do not dance,' said Jean-Claude, who had forsworn that exercise for much the same reasons as Miss Stevenson.But here he spoke too soon, for Lady Dorothy Bingham, merciless to what she called 'ballroom skulkers', saw him standing about, ordered John to introduce him to her, and became his patroness.Not till he had miserably danced twice with her and once with each of the twins did he have the brilliant idea of introducing her to his mother. The master minds met, and recognised each other, and for the greater part of the evening they discussed the care and subjugation of a family...
Ross Kemp|For me, I think the Lord wanted me to win to put a smile on Chinese people's faces.
Hyperionova|I felt like I was falling in love but maybe not just with her, with something else, another world, but maybe that's always what falling in love is like.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Glimmer, I hear someone call her - ugh, the names the people in District 1 give their children are so ridiculous ...
Jen Lancaster|If you're anorexic, you're doing it wrong."I swat him with a dish towel. "No, no, I mean anorexics look in the mirror, and even if they're eighty pounds, they still see a fat girl. I'm a hundred pounds heavier than I was in high school, my veins are full of creme fraiche, and yet I look in the mirror, take in the hair and makeup, and think, Damn, baby, you fiiine.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|By failing to live by the letter of the texts, while tolerating the irrationality of those who do, religious moderates betray faith and reason equally.
Robin Bielman|Now I knew that if that's how the devil looks, I wanted to go straight to hell.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|And why, she began to ask, did she rage against individuals? Not individuals but institutions are the enemies, and they most afflict the disciples who the most generously serve them. They insinuate their tyranny under a hundred guises and pompous names, such as Polite Society, the Family, the Church, Sound Business, the Party, the Country, the Superior White Race; and the only defense against them, Carol beheld, was unembittered laughter.
Michael Leunig|Christians need a time and place to sanctify themselves. It's important to take the time, and early in the morning is a wonderful time to do it.
Dave Davies|Quite a lot of our contemporary culture is actually shot through with a resentment of limits and the passage of time, anger at what we can't do, fear or even disgust at growing old.
Christopher Barzak, Wonders of the Invisible World|When is there a boy, even in these materialistic times, to whom the call of the wild and the open road does not appeal? Maybe it is the primitive instinct, anyway it is there. With that key a great door may be unlocked, if it is only to admit fresh air and sunshine into lives that were otherwise grey.The heroes of the wild, the frontiersmen and explorers, the rovers of the seas, the airmen of the clouds, are pied pipers to the boys. Where they lead the boys will follow and these will dance to their tune when it sings the song of manliness and pluck, of adventure and high endeavors of efficiency and skill, of cheerful sacrifice of self for others. There's meat in this for the boy. There's soul in it.
Kim Barker, The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan|How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world.
Sunday Adelaja|The truth is that as you are building your small business, still that small business needs to experience some form of increase and growth
Harper Lee|It always amazes me how people in Europe and the United States can be so indifferent to the speeches of their chancellor or president, for these worlds from the top can be a wind sock for what might happen next.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The search to know has always been characterized by the need to doubt, the need to be critical, including the need to be self-critical.
Charlotte Brontë, The Professor|Where visual artists are concerned, the Baroque sculptor and architect Bernini and the painter and sculptor Picasso were clearly adept at both experiential and instrumental attending, says Tellegen, as is the modern architect Frank Gehry. Choosing a literary example, he says that F. Scott Fitzgerald once admitted to "wrapping one of his romantic flings in cellophane" for later artistic use and notes that "this kind of heartless but honest professionalism is not uncommon among creative people.
Robin Yocum, Brilliant Death|I used to think I was in love with Mia because she was in love with me. Now when I watch her strutting down the runway, twisting and flouncing the way her mother trained her, I know she's just a human coat hanger. A wired body I hold late at night and try to fit into.
Ngina Otiende, The Wedding Night: Embracing Sexual Intimacy as New Bride|As women, our ability to multitask can be a blessing, but it becomes a huge liability when we take on too much and then use our busyness as an excuse to get out of our intimacy responsibilities.
Bill O'Reilly|I know it wouldn't seem like I've had a lot of failure in my career, but there are things that I regard as failures, when I look at certain performances and go, 'That's not good enough.'
Pierre Berton|That I had come full circle shouldn't have surprised me, for we are born into time only to be born out of it, after living through the cycles of the seasons, under stars that turn because the world turns, born into ignorance and acquiring knowledge that ultimately reveals to us our enduring ignorance: The circle is the essential pattern of our existence.
Milan Kundera, Identity|The only antidote to the unnerving effects of such incoherence is integrity. People and organizations with integrity are wholly themselves. No aspect of self stands different or apart. At their center is clarity, not conflict. When they go inside to find themselves, there is only one self there.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I thought: That is the fear: I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it. It is fear like if someone lost his glasses and went to the glasses store they told him that the world had run out of glasses and he would just have to do without.
Evelyn Smith, The Summer of Secrets|A little amount of secret is a great pillar of the mind. He who does not have what somebody does not know, have what everybody knows. Know your secret; keep your secret. He who knows what to keep, knows what real life is all about
Vannevar Bush|Fear cannot be banished, but it can be calm and without panic; it can be mitigated by reason and evaluation.
Elizabeth Bourgeret| Love lifts you up. Love is giving and kindness. Love is encouraging. Love is healing. If these things do not surround you, you are in the wrong relationship.
Nizar Qabbani|And I fear that my place gets taken by some other one, very lucky and not too shy, who flirts with your eyes while I’m the one who’s crazy about them.
Preeth Nambiar, The Voyage to Eternity|All of the wars in the world are fueled by power struggles either at individual, national or international levels
Kayla Krantz, The Council|As a kid, snow served the useful purpose of closing schools. As an adult—it shuts down any activity a decent, suntanned person over the age of thirty-five enjoys. I don’t do snow forts, snowballs, snow angels, snowmen, snowmobiles, or snowshoes. I don’t like to walk in it, drive in it, ski on it, or sled on it. Other than that, snow is just ducky.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I think I have a very good idea why it is that anti-Semitism is so tenacious and so protean and so enduring. Christianity and Islam, theistic though they may claim to be, are both based on the fetishizing of human primates: Jesus in one case and Mohammed in the other. Neither of these figures can be called exactly historical but both have one thing in common even in their quasi-mythical dimension. Both of them were first encountered by the Jews. And the Jews, ravenous as they were for any sign of the long-sought Messiah, were not taken in by either of these two pretenders, or not in large numbers or not for
Seth MacFarlane|I have such a respect for comedy. It's a lot harder than doing drama, in my opinion; you have to have sort of an innate sense of humor. There are rules to comedy you can learn. But ultimately, it really does require a certain point of view on the world, and that really does appeal to me.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|The word "universe" means "one tune" or "one rhythm", and when we are in tune or in rhythm with it, it cannot help but respond.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.
Robert Kiyosaki|At the end of the day, humans are social animals and we are at our best when we get to do things with others who appreciate and enjoy what we enjoy. It's what keeps us human.
Erica Ridley, The Viscount's Christmas Temptation|Love has a heavy load of possibilities. You can't have it without some measure of pain. They go together with an inseparable bond in this world. But it's worth it. I promise you, the treasure is worth the pain.
Delia Parr, Hearts Awakening|...the truth of the matter is that we've all got cracks in our spirits, and we have to remember they're only there because we need them.... Otherwise, how could God's grace filter in deep enough to give us the joy and peace we're all searching for in this world. It couldn't, plain and simple.
Mary Papas, 14 Twisted Tales To Enthrall|There's a darkness to everyone, you just have to let it out to see the world in new eyes.
Chantelle Shaw, The Ultimate Risk|Of course there’s a risk that that could happen, but what is the alternative? To never allow myself to get close to anyone ever again? Never know the joy of loving someone for fear that it could end up in tears? My heart might stay safe, but it wouldn’t be much of a life.
Brian A. Leslie|I've been ripped off, conned, lied to and cheated... but I'm still here. Cheaters never prosper. If stealing from you is the only way for them to get ahead - they're never going to get very far. Because thats all they are - just a thief. When they lose it, they can't rebuild because they don't know how. They never did the ground work in the first place. All they know is how to steal!
Anna Staniszewski, My Very UnFairy Tale Life|If I ever figured out how to go back in time, I'd tell my nine-year-old self to run the other way when a gnome showed up in her room promising a life of magic and adventure.
Biju Karakkonam Nature and Wild life Photographer|Morning is sweet and always like a beautiful women, evening always shines like a man.
Tom Sizemore|When you look at Michael Jackson, there's nobody who loves him in that family, nobody. If they did, they'd tell him he didn't have to do all that in order to be famous. All he has to do is keep doing his music and be himself. Michael's been a little touched for about 20 years, but somebody needs to pull him aside and tell him they love him.
Vironika Tugaleva|My journey, my life.My life can only be navigated by me.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|There is but one supremacy... and it remains known and unknown to it's human creation... of many hues, shapes and sizes.
Joanna Shupe, Mogul|I’d tell you not to swoon, but he’d catch you, so never mind.
Douglas Adams|We have normality. I repeat, we have normality. Anything you still can't cope with is therefore your own problem.
Erik Pevernagie|Expectations are at war, if good feeling and discomfort clash. When we are expecting zest and joy, our good karma may be ousted by distress and frustration, if negative downbeat waves are emitted. Just with a feel of realism, without prejudice, should we step into the future. What will be, will be. Only the fortune of war will tell, since life may be war or peace. ("Fish for silence.")
Zac Efron|In my work in Haiti, I've seen the hugely positive effects that happen when people come together to build something in the middle of the most desperate situations.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You must know the rules of the game, to play better.
Anna Kendrick|I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go.
Milly Silver, Into the Dark, Vol. 1|The waiter repeated, "The cocktails are from Mr Seadon. He asked me to tell you that he thought you'd enjoy them. They are called Secrets.
Glenn Beck, The Christmas Sweater|Our actions are like ships which we may watch set out to sea, and not know when or with what cargo they will return to port.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Is this one of those keep-your-friends-close-and-your-enemies-closer things?""I though it was keep your friends close so you have someone to drive the car when you sneak over to your enemy's house at night and throw up in his mailbox.
Ben Aaronovitch, Midnight Riot|I've already told the police what happened, they didn't believe me. Why should you,' he said.'Because we're the people that believe people that other people don't believe,' I said.'How can I know that?' he asked.'You're just going to have to believe me,' I said.
Tim O'Brien|I don't think anybody should ever touch anybody in anger, ever.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You do not attain success when you associate with those in high positions, It comes when you accept yourself and realize that only you can take yourself to where your heart truly lies.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|I love books, they're in my blood.
Michael Moore|Our life before moving to Washington was filled with simple joys... Saturdays at soccer games, Sundays at grandma's house... and a date night for Barack and me was either dinner or a movie, because as an exhausted mom, I couldn't stay awake for both.
Kevin J.  Donaldson|A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
kavaatavalves|Cricket is about a lot more than playing by the rules, Mistry. It’s a gentleman’s game. Don’t you ever forget that.
Kenya Wright, The Muse|She squeezed her thighs together, desperate for relief. Aiming for completion without doing something so deliberate as touching herself. Look ma, no hands!
Virginia Woolf|Some persons can't accept the truth, due to their inability to let go of their own perceptions
Henry Johnson Jr|Since Ireland’s independence declaration was a century older, I could not be sure if his self-evident truths meant as much as they would in America.
A.E. Samaan|I do not believe in equality of results. I believe in "equal opportunity" and "equality before the law".
Auliq Ice|Right now in this space, I feel a brand new pull to him. I’ve always been drawn to his features, his brilliance, his laughter, his passion. But right now I’m attracted to his pain. It makes him human. It makes him real. It makes him something he hardly ever is to me: accessible.
P.C. Cast, Burned|Eww," Jack said, and then giggled. "Yeah, and a Paris Hilton doll that had an optional brain."Aphrodite raised her brow at him. "Don't go all crazy. There are some things even Paris Hilton can't buy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It’s not as if he’s good-looking, because he’s not. Sometimes he’s so plain that he looks bland. But it’s his voice and his mannerisms that fill him with some kind of color. I listen to his voice and its resonance hooks me in. The worry lines on his forehead, his expression when he twists his face into a smile, and the way his whole face lights up when he laughs those short bursts of laughter.
Auliq Ice|Everyone suffers personal setbacks. If you're experiencing difficulty in your career or personal life, keep it in perspective - by persevering through your difficulties, you're building a stronger personality in you. Never give up!.
William Shakespeare|POLONIUS : My Lord, I will use them according to their desert.HAMLET : God's bodykins man, better. Use every man after his desert, and who should 'scape whipping? Use them after your own honour and dignity. The less they deserve, the more merit is in your bounty.
George Orwell, 1984|It is deliberate policy to keep even the favoured groups somewhere near the brink of hardship, because a general state of scarcity increases the importance of small privileges and thus magnifies the distinction between one group and another. By the standards of the early twentieth century, even a member of the Inner Party lives an austere, laborious kind of life. Nevertheless, the few luxuries that he does enjoy his large, well-appointed flat, the better texture of his clothes, the better quality of his food and drink and tobacco, his two or three servants, his private motor-car or helicopter—set him in a different world from a member of the Outer Party, and the members of the Outer Party have a similar advantage in comparison with the submerged masses whom we call ‘the proles’.
Ellen G. White|Unless therefore I am convinced by the testimony of Scripture or by the clearest reasoning, unless I am persuaded by means of the passages I have quoted, and unless they thus render my conscience bound by the word of God, I cannot and I will not retract, for it is unsafe for a Christian to speak against his conscience. Here I stand, I can do no other; may God help me. Amen."-Martin Luther
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.
Sanjo Jendayi, I Now Pronounce You Single & Happy|There was no better way to sell a lie, she knew, than to sprinkle it with truth.
Staind|The silence gets us nowhere, nowhere way to fast
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|An elevator doesn’t exist without its freight. If there’s no one to get on, the elevator remains in quiescence. The elevator and the passenger need each other.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|Okay, so I stopped posting status updates on Facebook a long time ago. I noticed that whenever someone posts something completely mundane and stupid, like 'Sushi 2nite!' seventeen people have to comment on that. 'I ♥ sushi!' and 'Spicy Tuna 4 meee!' But if you ever try to actually say something serious about your feelings or, like, your life, every one of your 386 "friends" is suddenly mute. So there you have it: My life is a post with no comments. Less interesting than spicy tuna.
H.K. Bakhru|Dr. Jens Kjeldsen-Kragh, M.D., of the Institute of Immunology and Rheumatology at the National Rheumatism Hospital of Oslo, conducted a study about the usefulness of vegetarian foods in arthritis. He found that switching to a vegetarian diet resulted in improved grip strength and much less pain, joint swelling, tenderness and morning stiffness in about 90 per cent of a group of arthritis patients, compared with controls eating an ordinary diet. The patients noticed improvement within a month, and it lasted throughout the entire year-long experiment. Dr. Kjeldsen-Kragh concluded that about 70 per cent of the patients improved because they avoided fats that are likely to instigate the inflammation process.
Na, I'll Be Seeing You|If I shut everything else out and filled the room with memories, the past could become the present, and I could live there, with him. I would never leave.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Treat your advices like your money, don't give it to others unless they ask for it.
Winston S. Churchill|To find the balance you want, this is what you must become. You must keep your feet grounded so firmly on the earth that it's like you have 4 legs instead of 2. That way, you can stay in the world. But you must stop looking at the world through your head. You must look through your heart, instead. That way, you will know God.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih, The Revealed Sense|Do not drown yourself into fantasy, whatever you can do, do it now, do not wait for tomorrow to come.
Fred Hampton|Knowledge is power. You can't begin a career, for that matter even a relationship, unless you know everything there is to know about it.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Percy muttered. ‘I want to drown her.’ ‘Be patient, water boy.’ ‘Don’t call me water boy.
Sam Harris|Every article I wrote in those days, every speech I made, is full of pleading for the recognition of lead poisoning as a real and serious medical problem.
Shannon L. Alder|You will finally have dignity when you realize that you are not on the path, but have become the path for others.
Pat Benatar|And in a world without heroes, as the movie trailer voice-over guy might say, the slightly awkward can be slightly cool.
Dwight L. Moody|I know of no wars started by anyone to impose lack of religion on someone else. We have lethal Sunni v Shia, Catholic against Protestant, but no agnostic suicide bombers attack crowded atheist pubs.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Bless the world with your positive thoughts,with your positive desires, with your positive words, and with your positive actions.
Thomas Fuller|Try to be happy in this present moment, and put not off being so to a time to come--as though that time should be of another make from this which has already come and is ours.
Shiro Amano, Kingdom Hearts, Vol. 1|You'll be okay. No matter what shape reality takes, you can handle it.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|Information wants to be free.' So goes the saying. Stewart Brand, the founder of the Whole Earth Catalog, seems to have said it first.I say that information doesn't deserve to be free.Cybernetic totalists love to think of the stuff as if it were alive and had its own ideas and ambitions. But what if information is inanimate? What if it's even less than inanimate, a mere artifact of human thought? What if only humans are real, and information is not?...Information is alienated experience.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lord I thank you blessing me with food, clothing and shelter.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|Destruction is easily reversed, Brain drainage howbeit is a civilization killer
Augusten Burroughs|I am prone to envy. It is one of my three default emotions, the others being greed and rage. I have also experienced compassion and generosity, but only fleetingly and usually while drunk, so I have little memory.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|The only thing that gets you through is the firm, unbreakable belief that you have something special to offer. It's why people like Jack Nicholson make it when they're 30 and become one of the greatest actors to ever live. I'm sure when he was 21 someone said, "You ain't got it, kid!" But there is something innate inside us that tells us to not give up. And then you get better. I'm a much better singer and performer now than I was 10 years ago. If you believe in yourself, anything's possible.
Emily Dickinson|The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Wade Boggs|With just about every player in Australia, his whole goal and ambition is to play for Australia. That's why they're playing first class cricket. It's just a different attitude.
Andre Ward|You just keep moving forward and doing what you do and hope that it resonates with people. And if it doesn't, you just keep moving on until you find a project that does.
SueEllen Campbell, Bringing the Mountain Home|Early in this century a group of passionate artists in Russia claimed that the essence of art was to make the familiar seem strange. Perhaps this is also one of the roles of the exotic, to alter and sharpen our perceptions.
Matthew 19:26|With God, all things are possible
Richard Price|But then something happened, Ray, something amazing. Something..."That white cop sitting next to me? He took a long look at my mother when she came in, just like, absorbed her, and then without even turning to me, he just put his hand on my back, up between my neck and shoulder..."And all he did was squeeze. Give me a little squeeze of sympathy, then rubbed that same spot with his palm for maybe two, three seconds, and that was it."But I swear to you, nobody, in my entire life up to that point had ever touched me with that kind of tenderness. I had never experienced a sympathetic hand like that, and Ray, it felt like lightning."I mean, the guy did it without thinking, I'm sure. And when dinnertime rolled around he had probably forgotten all about it. Forgot about me, too, for that matter... But I didn't forget."I didn't walk around thinking about it nonstop either, but something like seven years later when I was at community college? The recruiting officer for the PD came on campus for Career Day, and I didn't really like college all that much to begin with, so I took the test for the academy, scored high, quit school and never looked back."And usually when I tell people why I became a cop I say because it would keep Butchie and Antoine out of my life, and there's some truth in that."But I think the real reason was because that recruiting officer on campus that day reminded me, in some way, you know, conscious or not, of that housing cop who had sat on the bench with me when I was thirteen."In fact, I don't think it, I know it. As sure as I'm standing here, I know I became a cop because of him. For him. To be like him. God as my witness, Ray. The man put his hand on my back for three seconds and it rerouted my life for the next twenty-nine years."It's the enormity of small things... Adults, grown-ups, us, we have so much power... And sometimes when we find ourselves coming into contact with certain kinds of kids? Needy kids? We have to be ever so careful...
Vanshika Dhyani|If you really want to do something,you will.If not now, Eventually.
Andrew  Smith, Grasshopper Jungle|History chews up sexually uncertain boys, and spits us out as recycled, generic greeting cards for lonely old men.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If our relationships are not all about sex, then we must not make homosexuality a matter of concern.
Ed Mitchell|Altering your perspective can provide you the luxury of seeing things for what they are, not what you wish them to be.
Manprit Kaur|Sometimes the worst brings out the best in you, Sometimes the lowest tide ushers in the biggest change, Sometimes the gravest wounds translate into deepest wisdom, Sometimes the nadir leads you to the zenith - All you need to do is - To Hold On
Li Ka-shing|I understand now that the vulnerability I've always felt is the greatest strength a person can have. You can't experience life without feeling life. What I've learned is that being vulnerable to somebody you love is not a weakness, it's a strength.
John Connolly, The Infernals|Evil, unlike good, is constantly at war with those most like itself, and ambition is its spur.
Zack W. Van|An idea? An idea won't get you nothing but another idea. You need money, cash, to make anything happen in this doggone world.
Jan Morris, Wales: The First Place|It was impossible to quarrel with words, whose tremulous inequality showed indisposition so plainly.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...you can be talented as a wolf is breathtakingly fierce...silver and gray, like smoke in the trees - but what do you do with terrible beauty?...
Lauren Kate, Fallen|She complains that I'm lazy, but I just like to save my energy for dinner.
Isabella Bird|The accumulated knowledge of materials, computing, electromagnetism, product design, and all the rest that we've learned over the last several centuries converts a few ounces of raw materials worth mere pennies into a device with more computing power than the entire planet possessed fifty years ago.
Paul Manafort|I live a good life but a pretty simply life. I just store all my money under my mattress. My wife and I travel, and I bought my dream car, the Cobra.
Keri Hulme|In the dog days, when Altair and Denebset toward western waters, Vegaflaring in their starry wake, the choirof peepers and crickets melds liquidto languid; the first maple leaves ripenand curl to red fists; pine needles spreadgold scripture across the water;nuthatch feet circle tree trunks--gentle scrivenersscribing the dawn of dying days.
Lea Seydoux|The perfect pop song is a 20th-century creation; it's not a sonnet, it's not an opera, it's something short - three and a half minutes by nature - and has this ability to travel and to defy class and economic structures.
Philip Roth, The Plot Against America|People are attracted more towards bad things because being good has been turned into a boring duty. No adrenaline & dopamine rush, no rewards!
Mark     Baker, D.A.: Prosecutors in Their Own Words|Life is a circle, like it or not that's the law.
Gail Cavanaugh, Retailers Guide to Merchant Services|Avoiding Chargebacks"Depending on the type of business, the frequency of charge backs will be higher for some businesses and more difficult to defend. Learning15 the proper way to handle a customer chargeback will help the owner and reduce the frequency. Having to pay charge backs can be very costly to the business owner resulting in losses. It could also be very discouraging to a new business owner knowing that he has to pay a penalty, as well as refund services rendered.It would be a good idea to be aware of the things about which your customers complain frequently and make it a goal to correct, improve, or remove it. It would be very unfortunate to learn of a damaging remark about your operation made on the Internet, rather than face- to- face.Make it a point to inquire of your customer whether he was dissatisfied. Make conversation with your customer and if the customer has a complaint, make every effort to resolve it as soon as possible. Charge backs could get very costly and sometimes settling the dispute with the customer could save you money. However, there will be times when the refund should not be given or attempts to settle this on the spot should not be made. The business owner will have to use his own judgment.Jesus counsels us to “Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you, Luke 6:27, (KJV).” No doubt some business owners will have difficulty doing this when the occasion arises, and some may have learned that this is the way to go. But, I encourage you to try this. As you do more and more business, you will find this to be a very necessary way for you to resolve conflicts in your business. It will be easier to do this than to resist, as Jesus said in Matthew 5:25 (KJV), “Agree with thine adversary quickly whilst thou art in the way with him.; lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison.” Being cast into prison may be an extreme outcome, but we can avoid further conflicts if we would just humble ourselves and strive to resolve our conflicts. If it is any consolation, there are rewards for acting with love. Luke 6:35 says, “But love thee your enemies and do good and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.” As one can see, business owners have a higher degree of responsibility because of the number of people with whom he/she interacts.
Tonny K. Brown|The earth will always be the same - only cities and history will change, even nations will change, governments and governors will go, the things made by men's hands will go, buildings will always crumble - only the earth will remain the same, there will always be men on the earth in the morning, there will always be the things made by God's hands - and all this history of cities and congress now will go, all modern history is only a littering Babylon smoking under the sun, delaying the day when men again will have to return to earth, to the earth of life and God -
Nicos Hadjicostis, Destination Earth- A New Philosophy of Travel by a World-Traveler|What a pity that the Earth, in spite of modern transport, still remains unknown to most. We are all extraterrestrials on Earth! Soon after we set out to explore the world, we realize that we have been living on an unknown planet all along. Paradoxically, the moment one becomes a world-traveler, he simultaneously becomes an extraterrestrial exploring an alien planet.
Oscar Wilde, Salomé|he dared to explore her withered neck w/his fingertips…her hips w/their decaying bones, her thighs with their aging veins.
Woody Allen|The reward of energy, enterprise and thrift is taxes.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The motive of grace is the infinite, compassionate love of a merciful God, but the work of grace was the death of Christ on the cross.
Murray N. Rothbard, The Betrayal Of The American Right|I mean-- no offense, Leonard, but you really don't like to climb ropes, and get into the Marine Corps, and kill your countriy's enemies, do you?"I said that it wasn't one of the big goals of my life."Well, maybe you'd like me to get you into this corrective gym class, where you can study toe dancing, and grow up to be a little Commie, sissy boy," Mr. Jerris said.I told him I would like that just fine…
Paul Rand|Eventually everything connects - people, ideas, objects. The quality of the connections is the key to quality per se.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Galileo Galilei|But even when the principle of equal treatment was betrayed, American leaders in every era have emphatically affirmed it, not so much out of hypocrisy as out of aspiration. Indeed, for those who were devoted to justice, the persistence of inequality was precisely what made equality before the law so imperative.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|Bella: How could I live with myself when it’s my fault? None of you should be risking yourselves for me –Jasper: Bella, Bella, stop. You’re worrying all the wrong things, Bella. Trust me on this – none of us are in jeopardy… Our family is strong. Our only fear is losing you.Bella: But why should you –Alice: It’s been almost a century that Edward’s been alone. Now he’s found you. You can’t see the changes that we see, we who have been with him for so long. Do you think any of us want to look into his eyes for the next hundred years if he loses you?
Taranpreet Singh|His eyes spark with revolutions, enlightened trickery and unconditional affection.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Stantasyland: Quips, Quotes & Quandaries|You can get over a million dollars worth of life insurance in case you die, but only eight to ten bucks and hour to live
V.E. Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic|Nothing is as good as coming into the new year with zeal, hope and positive mind.
Simon Morden, Equations of Life|People like us, we think differently, don't we? We are different. We do all the things that others do. But when it comes down to it, we don't need anyone else. We're happy doing what we do and having obligation interferes with that. And sometimes I think we don't even need ourselves. What's most important is to find out whether we're right or not.
Luis Enrique Cavazos, The Five Virtues That Awaken Your Life|Love is a felt force when we become aware of it. Our cognition must be added to the reality of existence. This is the dance of love. We must cultivate our seeds that we plant in each other's lives. Only then we will enlarge our view of love, beauty, creativity, and purpose.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|The old Old winds that blew When chaos was, what do They tell the clattered trees that I Should weep?
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|If it doesn't feel right, don't do it. Trust your intuition and don't ask "why", just say no.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Which do you hate more: breaking your word or dying?""I don't know. I've never done either.
Elizabeth George, Small Changes for a Better Life: Daily Steps to Living God's Plan for You|I want God to be first in my life, so I’m putting Him first in my life today.
Russ Carnahan|We need to do everything we can to protect the health and welfare of children around the world, but fortunately, it's getting easier to provide things like medication and care.
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|A live-in domestic worker: "You are never sure that your soul is your own except when you are out of the house.
Hilaire Belloc, An Essay on the Restoration of Property|It has been discovered that with a dull urban population, all formed under a mechanical system of State education, a suggestion or command, however senseless and unreasoned, will be obeyed if it be sufficiently repeated.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To change your life, love yourself. To change your community, love others. To change the world, love everyone.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In calmness and confidence, thy strength manifest.
Bradley B. Dalina|Worries isn't good to your mental and physical health, so you better stay away from those things that keeps on bothering you, live peacefully and free.Always pray, and one day blessings will be on your way!
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|I don't know what I believe anymore. If God does exist, then He's just an asshole, creating this world full of human suffering and letting all these terrible things happen to good people, and sitting there and doing nothing about it. At June's memorial service, a few people came up to me and said some really stupid things, like how everything happens for a reason, and God never gives us more than we can handle. All I could think was, does that mean if I was a weaker person, this never would've happened? Am I seriously supposed to buy that June's death was part of some stupid divine plan? I don't believe that. I can't. It just doesn't make sense.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|The world expected girls to pluck and primp and put on heels. Meanwhile, boys dressed in rumpled T-shirts and baggy pants and misplace their combs, and yet you were suppose to fall at their feet? Unacceptable.
Robert Earl Lee, Blackbeard the Pirate|If England had not used the services of privateers and pirates during its long struggle with Spain, there is some likelihood that people today in North America would be speaking Spanish rather than English.
Aakash Neeraj Mittal, It Wasn't Her Fault|What’s the matter, Freckles?” he said, pressing a light kiss to the tip of my nose. “What changed?” I blurted out. He drew back. “Changed?” “You seemed like you were trying to keep distance between us before, but after last night…” “I should get a medal for managing to keep my hands off you that long.” “It was only a few days,” I reminded him dryly. “Felt like a lifetime.” “So those first kisses… you liked them?” His eyes widened. “You thought that I didn’t?” “Well, after that you didn’t touch m
Deyth Banger|Ol, ol you have learnt something new, didn't you??So you are saying it again and again with smile like we are an idiots, but my question is did you understand it? Do you know what did you said, so you big peace of shit say something more to impress us, because this doesn't impress us.
B.W. Powe, Towards a Canada of Light|If it feels like you're choosing between the lesser of two evils, don't. There is always a higher choice.
Roma Downey|Jessica Simpson is the youth ambassador for Operation Smile, and an episode of The Apprentice featured a team managing a charity concert she put on. Donald Trump came on stage and pledged a donation.
Red Delachina|Charm is deceptive, Wise is sly, having talent is impressive and that puzzles you why. I, but not you, know the mask that I wear. Like how a master knows its masterpiece which is unknown to the world.
Renee Wade|People think needing a man is weak. I believe what is truly weak is not ALLOWING ourselves to surrender to our deepest desire to have a protective, strong, caring, masculine man in our life.
Deepika Kumaaraguru, Ethereal: The Dawn of the Blue|As it was universal truth no one can control the power of nature, it was useless to mourn when rain poured heavily when it was least needed.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|If you find yourself cutting corners, go in a circle instead
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|One of Obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work....So sad.
Arthur W. Pink|Though poor in this world's goods, though grieving the loss of loved ones, though suffering pain of body, though harassed by sin and Satan, though hated and persecuted by worldlings, whatever be the case and lot of the Christian, it is both his privilege and duty to rejoice in the Lord.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|Buddhism has become for me a philosophy of action and responsibility. It provides a framework of values, ideas, and practices that nurture my ability to create a path in life, to define myself as a person, to act, to take risks, to image things differently, to make art. The more I prize Gotama's teachings free from the matrix of Indian religious thought in which they are entrenched and the more I come to understand how his own life unfolded in the context of his times, the more I discern a template for living that I can apply at this time in this increasingly secular and globalized world.
Jordan Hoechlin|The door slapped shut, sound echoing as Derek marched across the yard, dead on target.I looked around, desperate for an escape route, but there was none. Go forward and deal with Derek, or run back toward Simon and have to deal with both of them. I kept wa
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|Days I enjoy are days when nothing happens,When I have no engagements written on my block,When no one comes to disturb my inward peace,When no one comes to take me away from myselfAnd turn me into a patchwork, a jig-saw puzzle,A broken mirror that once gave a whole reflection,Being so contrived that it takes too long a timeTo get myself back to myself when they have gone.
Louis L'Amour, Hondo|The Apache don't have a word for love," he said. "Know what they both say at the marriage? The squaw-taking ceremony?""Tell me.""Varlebena. It means forever. That's all they say.
Debasish Mridha|Great music is a great remedy for depression, but you have to drink it in with your heart and mind.
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Eagles|At a great distance appeared with the same pomp the sheep of Thebes, the dog of Bubastis, the cat of Phoebe, the crocodile of Arsinoe, the goat of Mendes, and all the inferior gods of Egypt, who came to pay homage to the great ox, to the mighty Apis, as powerful as Isis, Osiris, and Horus, united together.In the midst of the demi-gods, forty priests carried an enormous basket, filled with sacred onions. These were, it is true, gods, but they resembled onions very much.("The White Bull")
John Muir|Baseball gives every American boy a chance to excel, not just to be as good as someone else but to be better than someone else. This is the nature of man and the name of the game.
Don Cousins|Another miraculous transformation is the shift from a sales mentality to a service mentality. When we're motivated by the desire to sell, we're only looking out for ourselves.  When we're motivated by the desire to serve, we're looking out for others.  Since in the realm of consciousness, we only get to keep what we give away, a service mentality is a far more abundant attitude.
Joyce Carol Oates|My parents were early converts to Christianity in my part of Nigeria. They were not just converts; my father was an evangelist, a religious teacher. He and my mother traveled for thirty-five years to different parts of Igboland, spreading the gospel.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I think myself so terribly ‘clever’ that the need for God is blatantly irrelevant. And all the while, in the rapidly growing mess that I’m ‘cleverly’ creating, I rather quickly begin to realize that the only thing that is relevant is His relevance.
National Council of Teachers of Mathematics, Principles to Actions: Ensuring Mathematical Success for All|Teachers greatly influence how students perceive and approach struggle in the mathematics classroom. Even young students can learn to value struggle as an expected and natural part of learning, as demonstrated by the class motto of one first-grade math class: If you are not struggling, you are not learning. Teachers must accept that struggle is important to students' learning of mathematics, convey this message to students, and provide time for them to try to work through their uncertainties. Unfortunately, this may not be enough, since some students will still simply shut down in the face of frustration, proclaim, 'I don't know,' and give up. Dweck (2006) has shown that students with a fixed mindset--that is, those who believe that intelligence (especially math ability) is an innate trait--are more likely to give up when they encounter difficulties because they believe that learning mathematics should come naturally. By contrast, students with a growth mindset--that is, those who believe that intelligence can be developed through effort--are likely to persevere through a struggle because they see challenging work as an opportunity to learn and grow.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Her cheeks were flushed. She caught hold of the Savage's arm and pressed it, limp, against her side. He looked down at her for a moment, pale, pained, desiring, and ashamed of his desire. He was not worthy, not... Their eyes for a moment met. What treasures hers promised! A queen's ransom of temperament. Hastily he looked away, disengaged his imprisoned arm. He was obscurely terrified lest she should cease to be something he could feel himself unworthy of.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Strong Poison|In my life long study of human beings, I have found that no matter how hard they try, they have found no way yet to prevent the arrival of Monday morning. And they do try, of course, but Monday always comes, and all the drones have to scuttle back to their dreary workday lives of meaningless toin and suffering.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Have we just been placed here by some unknown creator or force without any clue as to where we came from, why we are here, and where we are going? The answer is “no.” We do have a code. We do have a key . . . the Bible.
Eddie  Capparucci|No matter how dark your situation seems, there are blessings you can find and focus on. God is always faithful. - From the Book: Removing Your Shame Label.
Ben Wheatley|Continuing on my theme of backing inclusive innovations, I am optimistic of the success of Uniphore. Man-machine communication is one of the more complex problems to solve. Uniphore's vision lends possibility of finding a solution to this very difficult problem, and the company has already made substantial progress.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|What good is there in being blind, you ask? Well, maybe it's to see the beauty on the inside without being vainly distracted, or superficially blinded, by the ugly on the outside.
Dave Guerrero|Hate is infectious, but so is love, the difference between the two is one takes effort and the other one doesn’t.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The word departure literally means to pull up anchor and set sail. Everything that happens prior to death is a preparation for the final voyage. Death marks the beginning, not the end. It is our journey to God.
Clarice Lispector, The Stream of Life|If commas are open to interpretation, hyphens are downright Delphic.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|We come to a house and walk down the small walkway to its backyard. In the yard there are two screens and a slide projector. People are seated in lawn chairs, watching slides of trees.
C.M. Stunich, Bad Nanny|I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.
Belinda Jeffrey, One Long Thread|That you exist this way, Zoe, you're the ultimate proof that we can be so much more than just the sum of our parts and knee-jerk impulses. Something about you just could not be controlled, just had to be free.
Lynn Margulis|I have to certainly stand for life. I know that there are some who disagree, and I respect their point of view. But I believe that life begins at conception. The only exception I have to have on abortion is in that case - of the life of the mother. I struggled with it myself for a long time, but I came to realize life is that gift from God.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|She looked out the window; in her eyes was the light that you see only in children arriving at a new place, or in young people still open to new influences, still curious about the world because they have not yet been scarred by life.
Michael Arditti, The Enemy of the Good|But you must still know to respect other people's faith.''Why? We don't respect any other delusion. We lock up people who believe they're Christ, yet we're supposed to humour those who believe in him.''By definition, faith is irrational: a belief you hold against the normal rules of evidence.''In which case I believe in Jedi
D.S. Luca, The Happiness Prize: Common Truths That Lead to an Uncommon Life|Using guilt, fear or any other negative emotion to try to change someone’s behavior backfires 100% of the time. If you want someone to do something for you or for themselves, the most important thing to remember is they have to want to do it. No positive outcome will ever be achieved by tearing another person apart or kicking them while they are down. If you truly want to help someone, conveying to them what a positive impact they’ve had in your life, is a great place to start.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|But how much love, oh, Lord, how much love I experienced at times in those dreams of mine, in those “escapes into everything beautiful and sublime.” Even though it was fantastic love, even though it was never directed at anything human, there was still so much love that afterward, in reality, I no longer felt any impulse to direct it: that would have been an unnecessary luxury.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|Her grey, sun-strained eyes stared straight ahead, but she had deliberately shifted our relations, and for a moment I thought I loved her. But I am slow-thinking and full of interior rules that act as brakes on my desires, and I knew that first I had to get myself definitely out of that tangle back home.
Don Bluth|I see architecture not as Gropius did, as a moral venture, as truth, but as invention, in the same way that poetry or music or painting is invention.
Steven Magee|Sisyphus,' is an interpretation of the unavoidable limits to which everyone who is human is condemned. The constructive way of dealing with anxiety in this sense consists of learning to live with it, accepting it as a 'teacher,' to borrow Kirkegaard's phrase, to school us in confronting our human destiny.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|You can know whatever it is that you need to know about anyone or anything or at any time, past or present, as long as you love them unconditionally.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos For The Next Millennium|The real protagonist of the story, however, is the magic ring, because it is the movements of the ring that determine those of the characters and because it is the ring that establishes the relationships between them. Around the magic object there forms a kind of force field that is in fact the territory of the story itself. We might say that the magic object is an outward and visible sign that reveals the connection between people or between events. . . We might even say that in a narrative any object is always magic.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|The achievement of maturity, psychologically speaking, might be said to be the realization and acceptance that we simply cannot live independently from the world, and so we must live within it, with whatever compromises that might entail.
Jalaluddin Rumi|With life as short as a half taken breath, don't plant anything but love.
Alice Cooper|Sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll is easy. True christianity…that's rebellion.
Richie Tankersley Cusick, The Unseen|You've got the wrong girl.""On the contrary..." the voice murmured, "I've got exactly the girl I want." Her body turned to ice. Her mind fought for calm. There were people only yards away, yet she was alone... "You're bleeding." Lips closed over hers. A kiss so passionate that time faded and stopped... so passionate, it sucked her breath away... Searing heat swept through her- pain and pleasure throbbing through her veins. With a helpless moan, she leaned into him and realized with a shock the kiss had ended.
Lolly Daskal, Thoughts Spoken From The Heart|Be willing to take a stand for the things you believe in, because no one else will stand there for you.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Everything in life will attack you if it senses your fear; animals, people — but faithful confidence wards off all manner of evil.
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|Who has stopped worshiping us?""Everyone in the old world," April said little harshly. "But of course they have, young woman. We left, didn't we? We came to Everworld. How can you expect people to worship a God they can't see from time to time?""Yeah April," Jalil prodded, failing to suppress a smirk. "How can you?
Noam Chomsky|Value oriented is the worst thing that you get from your hard process. That's not a good finale, that's really worst finale
Cate Marvin|We lay our words like tenuous plats, build a bridge over itsunsinkable depth: Not a sea of longing,but the brack of wanting what’s physicalto help us forget we are physical.
Kim Holden, So Much More|If we limit love to being nothing more than a feeling, we have no real feeling for what love is.
Lance Weller, Wilderness|Dickinson left the rostrum to applause, loud shouts of approval. Franklin was surprised, looked toward Adams, who returned the look, shook his head. The chamber was dismissed, and Franklin pushed himself slowly up out of the chair. He began to struggle a bit, pain in both knees, the stiffness holding him tightly, felt a hand under his arm.“Allow me, sir.” Adams helped him up, commenting as he did so, “We have a substantial lack of backbone in this room, I’m afraid.”Franklin looked past him, saw Dickinson standing close behind, staring angrily at Adams, reacting to his words.“Mr. Dickinson, a fine speech, sir,” said Franklin.Adams seemed suddenly embarrassed, did not look behind him, nodded quickly to Franklin, moved away toward the entrance. Franklin saw Dickinson following Adams, began to follow himself. My God, let’s not have a duel. He slipped through the crowd of delegates, making polite acknowledgments left and right, still keeping his eye on Dickinson. The man was gone now, following Adams out of the hall. Franklin reached the door, could see them both, heard the taller man call out, saw Adams turn, a look of surprise. Franklin moved closer, heard Adams say, “My apologies for my indiscreet remark, sir. However, I am certain you are aware of my sentiments.” Dickinson seemed to explode in Adams’ face. “What is the reason, Mr. Adams, that you New England men oppose our measures of reconciliation? Why do you hold so tightly to this determined opposition to petitioning the king?” Franklin heard other men gathering behind him, filling the entranceway, Dickinson’s volume drawing them. He could see Adams glancing at them and then saying, “Mr. Dickinson, this is not an appropriate time...” “Mr. Adams, can you not respond? Do you not desire an end to talk of war?” Adams seemed struck by Dickinson’s words, looked at him for a long moment. “Mr. Dickinson, if you believe that all that has fallen upon us is merely talk, I have no response. There is no hope of avoiding a war, sir, because the war has already begun. Your king and his army have seen to that. Please, excuse me, sir.” Adams began to walk away, and Franklin could see Dickinson look back at the growing crowd behind him, saw a strange desperation in the man’s expression, and Dickinson shouted toward Adams, “There is no sin in hope!
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Probably there is nothing in human nature more resonant with charges than the flow of energy between two biologically alike bodies, one of which has lain in amniotic bliss inside the other, one of which has labored to give birth to the other. The materials are here for the deepest mutuality and the most painful estrangement.
Debasish Mridha|In my dreams, I heard your mellifluous voice. It slowly woke me up from a deep sleep so that I could enjoy the magnificence of life.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|I do not wish for anyone's downfall. The world needs successful people. I just think of ways to add more value to myself, and wish that my adversaries would do the same.
Viktor E. Frankl|Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|This is the tragedy and woe of the hour--that we neglect the most important One who could possibly be in our midst--the Holy Spirit of God. Then, in order to make up for His absence, we have to do something to keep up our own spirits.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mind is effort, while heart is effortless! What are YOU?
Sheherazade Goldsmith|We try to make the name longer and longer every year. First, it was 'Larry the Cable Guy's Christmas Spectacular.' Then it was 'It's a Very Larry Christmas.' Now it's 'Larry the Cable Guy's Hula-palooza Christmas Luau.' I'll tell you what it is: It's funny. That's what it is. Who cares what the name of it is? It is a funny special.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries: When to Say Yes, How to Say No to Take Control of Your Life|In those hours he is awake and prowling through the building, he sometimes feels he is a demon who has disguised himself as a human, and only at night is it safe to shed the costume he must wear by daylight, and indulge his true nature.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|You made me confess the fears that I have. But I will tell you also what I do not fear. I do not fear to be alone or to be spurned for another or to leave whatever I have to leave. And I am not afraid to make a mistake, even a great mistake, a lifelong mistake and perhaps as long as eternity too.
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the Dark Meadows|Shad ignored my sudden lack of interest. "Stop overanalyzing and be happy. You should try the Shad lifestyle, Miss Winters. It's more panda bear and less porcupine.""Huh?""More black and white and cuddly, and less, well... alone and pointy.
Elie Wiesel|Horrle was nodding gravely, humoring him, probably thinking that out of all these two hundred fun-loving people it was just his luck to have run into a doom merchant. McIntyre had committed the sin of pessimism, of course, forgetting, as a Brit, that out here optimism was more than a state of mind; optimism was a philosophy.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|Niko? I have decided to christen this little pool Le Cagot's Soul.""Oh?""Yes. Because it is clear and pure and lucid.""And treacherous and dangerous?""You know, Niko, I begin to suspect that you are a man of prose. It is a blemish on you.""No one's perfect.""Speak for yourself.
Ally Condie, Reached|The more we nurture the planet, the better and more natural a life we'll have.
T.J. Klune, Into This River I Drown|Who gave his angels eternal happiness unearned, yet required his other children to earn it?
Arun D. Ellis, Corpalism|Collectivist ethical principle: man is not an end to himself, but is only a tool to serve the ends of others. Whether those ‘others’ are a dictator’s gang, the nation, society, the race, (the) god(s), the majority, the community, the tribe, etc., is irrelevant – the point is that man in principle must be sacrificed to others.
Anthony Bourdain|Robots already perform many functions, from making cars to defusing bombs - or, more menacingly, firing missiles. Children and adults play with toy robots, while vacuum-cleaning robots are sucking up dirt in a growing number of homes and - as evidenced by YouTube videos - entertaining cats.
Victoria Sawyer, Angst|I felt so weak and unhappy that I buried my face in the ground: I could not bear the strain of seeing around me the things of the earth. I felt convinced that every movement and every thought was forced, and that one had to be on one's guard against them.
George Takei|One of my favorite things I read was John Steinbeck's journals while he was writing 'East of Eden,' which was so cool.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|Of all the art forms, poetry is the most economical. It is the one which is the most secret, which requires the least physical labor, the least material, and the one which can be done between shifts, in the hospital pantry, on the subway, and on scraps of surplus paper. Over the last few years, writing a novel on tight finances, I came to appreciate the enormous differences in the material demands between poetry and prose. As we reclaim our literature, poetry has been the major voice of poor, working class, and Colored women. A room of one's own may be a necessity for writing prose, but so are reams of paper, a typewriter, and plenty of time.
Margery Sharp, The Rescuers|Mr Moss's courtyard is railed in like a cage, lest the gentlemen who are boarding with him should take a fancy to escape from his hospitality.
Cynthia Sue Larson, Reality Shifts: When Consciousness Changes the Physical World|Learning to pause is the first step in the practice of Radical Acceptance. A pause is a suspension of activity, a time of temporary disengagement when we are no longer moving toward any goal. . . . The pause can occur in the midst of almost any activity and can last for an instant, for hours or for seasons of our life. . . . We may pause in the midst of meditation to let go of thoughts and reawaken our attention to the breath. We may pause by stepping out of daily life to go on a retreat or to spend time in nature or to take a sabbatical. . . . You might try it now: Stop reading and sit there, doing "no thing," and simply notice what you are experiencing.
Nikola Tesla|Gonna pretend to be a deaf mute who knows no sign one day, meet a woman, and we'll write for the rest of our lives.
Dougie Brimson, Geezer's Guide to Football: A Lifetime of Lads, Lager and Labels|You see football isn’t just about 90 minutes, it‘s about passion and, yes, if you like, about life. We men will do things under the umbrella of football fandom that we would never dream of doing in any other sphere of life, and within the pages that follow I will try and explain why.
Maynard James Keenan|My darlings, if I can't write dark, epic music, I can't live!
Susan Hubbard, The Society of S|ethics is not about platitudes, let alone tautologies, logic or mathematics, but about difficult choices - dilemmas.
|If you are always saying you can't stand people, chances are that you have some deep-rooted issues to work out in your life. People are not the problem that you might think you have. Anyone with an unconditional self-love always finds ways to make peace and unity rain wherever they go.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Never trust the translation or interpretation of something without first trusting its interpreter. One word absent from a sentence can drastically change the true intended meaning of the entire sentence. For instance, if the word love is intentionally or accidentally replaced with hate in a sentence, its effect could trigger a war or false dogma.
Orson Scott Card, The Lost Gate|And the voice of God was in the whirlwind after all, said Thor
Charles de Lint, The Onion Girl|Life's an act of magic, too. Claire Hamill sings a line in one of her songs that really sums it up for me: 'If there's no magic, there's no meaning.' Without magic- or call it wonder, mystery, natural wisdom- nothing has any depth. It's all just surface. You know: what you see is what you get. I honestly believe there's more to everything than that, whether it's a Monet hanging in a gallery or some old vagrant sleeping in an alley.
Sherwood Smith, Court Duel|It’s not technically gossip if you start your sentence with “I’m really concerned about __________________ ,” (fill in the name of the person you’re not gossiping about).
Viggo Mortensen|I don't think I'd have the stamina, skill or ability to write a novel, but I'd love to write short stories and poetry, because those are my two passions.
Dan Pallotta|You know, my dad wasn't a photographer or filmmaker by profession, but on Sundays, he would take pictures of me and my family or his pals horseback riding, and it was a means of communication and affection, a means of not being so dysfunctional with each other.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer|Western doctors are like poor plumbers. They treat a splashing tube by cleaning up the water. These plumbers are extremely apt at drying up the water, constantly inventing new, expensive, and refined methods of drying up water. Somebody should teach them how to close the tap.
Jung Chang, Empress Dowager Cixi: The Concubine Who Launched Modern China|As events would show, Cixi was indeed opposed to the foreign policy of her husband and his inner circle – but for very different reasons. Silently observing from close quarters, she in fact regarded their stubborn resistance to opening the door of China as stupid and wrong. Their hate-filled effort to shut out the West had, in her view, achieved the opposite to preserving the empire. It had brought the empire catastrophe, not least the destruction of her beloved Old Summer Palace. She herself would pursue a new route.
Alan Dean, Spaceship Over Vancouver|For a quarter-century British governments had tried and failed to combine economic growth, increased social service provision and a high level of employment. The second depended ultimately on the first, but when difficulty arose, the first had always been sacrificed to the other two. The United Kingdom was, after all, a democracy whose votes, greedy and gullible, had to be placated.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton, Reign of Terror Volume 2: Great Victorian Horror Stories|And that date, too, is far off?''Far off; when it comes, think your end in this world is at hand!''How and what is the end? Look east, west, south and north.''In the north, where you never yet trod, towards the point whence your instincts have warned you, there a spectre will seize you. 'Tis Death! I see a ship - it is haunted - 'tis chased - it sails on. Baffled navies sail after that ship. It enters the regions of ice. It passes a sky red with meteors. Two moons stand on high, over ice-reefs. I see the ship locked between white defiles - they are ice-rocks. I see the dead strew the decks - stark and livid, green mold on their limbs. All are dead, but one man - it is you! But years, though so slowly they come, have then scathed you. There is the coming of age on your brow, and the will is relaxed in the cells of the brain. Still that will, though enfeebled, exceeds all that man knew before you, through the will you live on, gnawed with famine; and nature no longer obeys you in that death-spreading region; the sky is a sky of iron, and the air has iron clamps, and the ice-rocks wedge in the ship. Hark how it cracks and groans. Ice will imbed it as amber imbeds a straw. And a man has gone forth, living yet, from the ship and its dead; and he has clambered up the spikes of an iceberg, and the two moons gaze down on his form. That man is yourself; and terror is on you - terror; and terror has swallowed your will. And I see swarming up the steep ice-rock, grey grisly things. The bears of the north have scented their quarry - they come near you and nearer, shambling and rolling their bulk, and in that day every moment shall seem to you longer than the centuries through which you have passed. And heed this - after life, moments continued make the bliss or the hell of eternity.''Hush,' said the whisper; 'but the day, you assure me, is far off - very far! I go back to the almond and rose of Damascus! - sleep!' ("The House And The Brain
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|Know this Mr. Davis. I am not crazy. I am not sane. I am not alive. I am not dead. I am not even the human being who you call Dr. Vigo Andersen. I was never born and I will never die. I am an eternal being. I am that I am. This, what you call reality, is just a collective dream. I was about to wake up from it permanently when I was yanked back into this temporal space. I did not try to kill myself. I tried to wake up.
Jim Valvano|If we want to truly regain the public's trust, we can provide greater accountability and transparency with a simple step. Let's start by communicating to our constituents about the votes we take.
Celia McMahon, Skye|You have such faith,” he tells me. “Let it be bigger than your fears.
Queen Latifah|I visualize a time when we will be to robots what dogs are to humans, and I'm rooting for the machines.
Cracked.com, You Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News|In 1800s Paris, women were prohibited from studying the nude human form, because this would've ruined the wedding-night surprise. (Surprise! It's a penis.)
David Budbill, Judevine: The Complete Poems, 1970-1990|What seems real one moment is fiction the nextand gone out of existence the moment after that.Nostalgia is the greatest enemy of truth,and change our only constancy.
Arlie Corday, Cinderella Shoots the Moon|I write, like anybody else, about how it is to be human." -- Mark Merlis
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Avoid people who hurt from an impulse. I mean people who have this tendency to relish their capacity to hurt the good souls of this world, and who after hurting, wake up the next day without a trace of despondent brooding, and then move on with life never thinking that they should show some remorse or try to repent.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Three scents accompany my memories of this place: cut wood, poppy-seed bread, and the soft, crisp smell of snow.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|so many people concentrate on looks, but the invisible is sacred
Giordano Bruno|It is immoral to hold an opinion in order to curry another's favor; mercenary, servile, and against the dignity of human liberty to yield and submit; supremely stupid to believe as a matter of habit; irrational to decide according to the majority opinion, as if the number of sages exceeded the infinite number of fools.
Alice Munro, Too Much Happiness|Children use that word "hate" to mean various things. It may mean that they are frightened...It is not physical harm that is feared...so much as some spell, or dark intention. It is a feeling you can have when you are very young even about certain house faces, or tree trunks, or very much about moldy cellars or deep closets.
P.T. Forsyth|Unless there is within us that which is above us, we shall soon yield to that which is about us.
Sarah Palin|Well, let's see. There's—of course in the great history of America there have been rulings that there's never going to be absolute consensus by every American, and there are those issues, again, like Roe v. Wade, where I believe are best held on a state level and addressed there. So, you know, going through the history of America, there would be others. But, um.
Frank E. Armstrong|Sing your bliss, and the blissful will congregate.
Anne Steele|Dear refuge of my weary soul,On thee, when sorrows rise,On thee, when waves of trouble roll,My fainting hope relies.
Steve Jobs|I can tell you, Obamacare, I have been stunned by the pratfalls associated with its implementation. I simply can't understand how a president that had such an effective technology campaign and has such support among the technology community members could have put in place the implementation of Obamacare as ineffectively as he did.
Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood|The Christian versions of the household codes were clearly progressive for their time, but does that mean they have the last word, that Christians in changing places and times cannot progress further?
Deon Potgieter|Be the good, kind, lovable person you want to see in the world. Every action counts and the more people who behave and act with love and caring the more the world becomes a better place. We can do this!
Thomas McFarland|I went to watch the Buzkasgu game taking place on a series of fields - some fallow, some plowed and planted- just to the east of the empty Buddha niches. Buzkashi is a form of polo played with a dead goat instead of a ball.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Any woman can weep without tears," she answered over her shoulder, "and most can heal with their hands. It depends on the wound. She is a woman, Your Highness, and that's riddle enough
Viktor E. Frankl|Now, I can understand why the appearance of a man struggling violently, as it would seem, with an airy nothing, and calling for assistance against a vision, should have appeared ludicrous. Then, so great was my rage against the mocking crowd that had I the power I would have stricken them dead where they stood.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|Did you hear what I was playing, Lane?I didn't think it polite to listen, sir.
Manoj Vaz|Where there is no will,there is always a way out.
Gerry Cooney|He that would be angry and sin not, must not be angry with anything but sin.
Jack Johnson|We've got everything we need right here, and everything we need is enough.
Joan Didion, The White Album|Now that I think about it, it seems to me that’s what Idiocy is: the ability to be enthusiastic all the time about anything you like, so that a drawing on the wall does not have to be diminished by the memory of the frescoes of Giotto in Padua.
Kate Bornstein|I surrender to it, and by surrendering, I control it.
Saint Augustine|You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think.
Jeff Goins, Wrecked: When a Broken World Slams into your Comfortable Life|If you're trying to serve someone in need and it doesn't hurt a little, you're doing something wrong. Sure, it's nice to lend a helping hand, but true compassion causes your heart to break - even at the moment you're helping...When people say the only reason to help the less fortunate is so you can feel better about yourself, I laugh. Those people obviously have never lived among the poor, the destitute, the heartbroken. They have never put themselves out there and truly suffered with someone in pain. This idea that philanthropy is self-medication is not true; in fact, it's so outrageous that it's laughable. If you're really helping someone in pain - if you're really experiencing compassion - you can't help but hurt too.This is the litmus test for those aspiring to make a difference in others' lives: Do we feel cheery about the work we're doing, or does it hurt a little, maybe even a lot? If the latter, you're on the right track.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|Her heart felt too full, a dry creek bed ill-prepared for such rain.
James Gleick|Remember this: of all the commodities men trade in, information is the most valuable by far.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|Create Your Own Miracles, don't wait for Miracles to happen.
Craig Sager|Steven Gerrard was someone I looked up to massively. I'd always try to copy him, right down to the boots he was wearing. It was his attitude on the pitch that stood out - you could really see how much he hated losing.
Madelyn Alt, A Witch in Time|Time. For some it was a great healer, the ultimate fixer of bad break-ups, shake-ups, and heartache… For others, Time was an insidious stealer of all things they want most in life, stripping it away from them by sneakily changing the rules of obtaining it… For all the joyful wishes and hopeful desires held near and dear to our hearts, Time was the one element most likely to keep it from our reach.To me, Time was all of these, and none. Time simply is. It’s the framework in which we play out the games of our lives, but the secret is not to control it. It is not to master it. It is simply to learn to exist fully within the moment, to be aware of every facet of our being, and to wring every ounce of joy from it. Perhaps we were our own thieves, lamenting the absence of even a spare moment to enjoy life, when all it really takes is to stop the complaints, take the moment firmly in hand, and make it our own. Because the secret is that Time passes, and if you let it, it will leave you in its wake, aching with every beat of your heart and in every fiber of your being for what you have missed.
Himmilicious|It's our nature, isn't it? Again and again, we cling to the foolish belief taht simple solutions exist
Sophie Palmer|She died without us by her side, and now, we are left with the scars. In time, they will fade, but their haunting memory will remain.
Donald Norman|Design is about creating spaces for people to enjoy and of course, creating moments where you elevate the spirit, but 'design for good' is figuring out a program that not only creates better spaces, but creates jobs, creates new industry and really kind of raises the conversation about how we rebuild.
Deyth Banger|I do not believe any power can possess the mind of a man or woman... I believe in God-given free will, you see. I think nothing is forced on us, except by other people like ourselves. I think our choices are our own.
Richard Flanagan, Gould's Book of Fish: A Novel in Twelve Fish|Rough work with a soul will always be open to all, including condemnation & reviling, while fine work housing emptiness is closed to all insults & is easily ivied over with paid praises
Robin Wall Kimmerer|Names are the way we humans build relationship, not only with each other but with the living world.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Dismantle your friend to see how he behaves. If he smiles with a beautiful grin, then take him back, he's worthy to be called a friend.
Anthony T. Hincks|In a dog's world,would we be his best friend?
P. H. Solomon|Names are for those who do not know themselves." Makwi - from The Bow of Destiny
Sunday Adelaja|God created you for His high purpose, discovering and understanding that that purpose is important
Valerie E. Whiffen|A large body of psychological research tells us something that many of us already know: girls and women place a lot of importance on their closest relationships. Our parents, relatives, romantic partners and spouses, children, and friends are central to our lives. We value our relationships with these people immensely, and we feel good about ourselves when we are able to create relationships with them that are warm, intimate, and loving. Our need to do so is healthy and adaptive. When our most intimate relationships are good, they protect us from becoming depressed. But when they are riddled with conflict and emotional insecurity, they actually increase our risk for depression.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|On the girl's brown legs there were many small white scars. I was thinking, Do those scars cover the whole of you, like the stars and the moons on your dress? I thought that would be pretty too, and I ask you right here please to agree with me that a scar is never ugly. That is what the scar makers want us to think. But you and I, we must make an agreement to defy them. We must see all scars as beauty. Okay? This will be our secret. Because take it from me, a scar does not form on the dying. A scar means, I survived.
Steve Voake, The Web of Fire|Does it help if we're so strong-willed, stubborn, ambitious, and selfish that we always overcome everything in our way no matter what?" asked Wang-mu."I think those are the pertinent virtues, yes," said Peter."Then let's do it. That's us in spades.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|To the unaware person, karma is the prison in which the mind is held hostage. Because of karma, an unaware person is doomed to repeat the past in perpetuity as the seeds planted yesterday bear bitter fruit tomorrow. But to the mindful person, karma offers the promise of freedom. Mindfulness allows us to change our mind in the present, plantingnew seeds that will bear sweet fruit.
R.A. Salvatore, The Silent Blade|call it empathy. That means putting yourself in the place of the other person and seeing their point of view. I suppose it's because in the very olden days, when humans had to fight fir themselves every day, they needed to find people who would fight with them too, and together we lived—yes, and prospered. Humans need other humans—it's as simple as that.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|In order to create a balanced life that excites you and that allows enough time for healthy habits to flourish, you must love yourself. Even then, it probably won’t be realistic to make one big, drastic sweeping change—especially since overcoming cancer will necessarily be occupying much of your energy. That’s fine; baby steps are a lot better than nothing. As long as you’re working toward a better life you’re on the right path.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Be deliberate about what you choose to read, watch or listen to – these are source codes to your internal programming.
Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|And it's funny how when somebody saves you, the first thing you want to do is save other people.
Sebastian Thrun|When I was writing 'Kitchen Confidential,' I was in my 40s, I had never paid rent on time, I was 10 years behind on my taxes, I had never owned my own furniture or a car.
Richard Carmona|We live in a time where government is not a leadership thing, it's more a business that's out there and running riot, so I guess the people have to go out there and say stuff.
Bill Readings, Introducing Lyotard: Art and Politics|[Concerning Lyotard's ideology:]... Theory ought to be recognized as part of the problem, not as a potential solution.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Everyone has the obligation to ponder well his own specific traits of character. He must also regulate them adequately and not wonder whether someone else's traits might suit him better. The more definitely his own a man's character is, the better it fits him.
C. JoyBell C.|People are creators. But I doubt that many realize this. We are not meant to go out into the world and find flawless things, we are not meant to sit down and have flawless things fall into our laps. But we are creators. We can create a beautiful thing out of what we have. The problem with idealistic people is that they see themselves as receivers instead of creators, they end up hunting for the flaw in everything in order to measure it up to their ideals. Now, when you see yourself as a creator, you can look at a chunk of marble and see the angel within it. Then you carve until you have set that angel free.
Shaun Hick, The Army of Five Men|I’d do it all over again, knowing that you were going to be there at the end. I’d walk through the sadness and the loneliness all over again for you.
Neal Stephenson, Seveneves|Seven billion who need to be kept happy, and docile, until the end. How do you do that? What's the best way to calm down a scared kid, get them to go back to sleep? Tell them a story. Some shit about Jesus or whatever.
Debasish Mridha|In darkness, remember that the sun never forgets to rise with her morning smile.
Neil Leckman|Dale, a Plutonian Dreg Bug, the kind with seventeen eyes and a bad temper, got nailed in one of his eyes by a wild dart. Fight broke out when he punched Earl in the nose. Earl’s nose is very sensitive, hell it’s how he sees, sort of. Earl plopped down on the floor crying when a Flying Mugwhap flew over and ate Dale’s eye. Dale grabbed the Mugwhap and squeezed a good deal of the life out of it before the bouncer stopped him. Karen, the bouncer, is a reticulated Hive Mother, and a mean mother when she’s pissed off. She walked over and flicked Dale upside his head. That flick knocked Dale out cold, and cost him two more eyes when he hit the wall. She helped Earl up and bought him a drink. A nasty drink by all the comments I’ve heard. Something between varnish and the stuff people get in the corners of their mouths with a nice aftertaste of silver polish. Earl seemed to like it though.
Alex Shakar, Luminarium|That's the problem with relationships," George was saying. "It's a contract. You agree to be some unchanging caricature of yourself. To act the same way all the time. Never to change. It's counter-evolutionary. How can anything new and good come into your life, if you're holding on to something that doesn't exist anymore?
Sarah Hall, The Electric Michelangelo|More wine for me, pour me some more!" 	"You smart girl, I knew you're a smart girl, just teasing...” 	Faces turn red, the dark earth blood is rising. 	They wink at Pelka, wink at the host: "He knows his goods!" The women feel the buttons constricting them - they undo one, another, a third. By twos the guests go outside to get some air.	"Well, my dear guests, are you soaked to the gills? Eh? And now-to dance! Get lively!"	The table and the chairs vanish. The middle of the room is empty. Ivan the Monk jumps out of his hole, a tambourine in his hands: "Tim-ta-a-am! Tim-ta-a-am!"	“Eh-hey!" the redhead suddenly snatches the tambourine and sweeps off, tapping wildly in a circle. Eyes closed: a white sleepless sun-a white night on the meadow-white columns of smoke swaying over fires...	"Eh-ah!"-to whirl herself to death, to whirl out everything, to empty herself - nothing has ever been...	Heavy boots are thumping on the floor, beards fly in the wind, the frock-coat tails go flying... hey, get going, faster, faster - a hundred versts an hour! ("The North")
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Even if there are moments during the day when all seems normal and when every action of your own and of those around you seems to be unremarkable, the appearance of ordinariness is an illusion, and just below the placid surface, the world is seething.
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|I'm not frightened. I'm not frightened of anything. The more I suffer, the more I love. Danger will only increase my love. It will sharpen it, forgive its vice. I will be the only angel you need. You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say: Only one thing can make a soul complete and that thing is love.
Eraldo Banovac|One may sleep as long as one prefers, but one should know that each hour of excess sleep is an hour lost for learning.
Candi Kay, Willy the Kinky Elf & His Bad-Ass Reindeer|Jeff- "A Hanukkah tradition is making potato pancakes. For something a little different, use a sweet potato. Anything you'd like to add, Walter?"Walter- "Accept Jesus as your Savior or you'll burn in Hell for all eternity.
Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend|Three Denises wobbled in front of her, all of them watching her with fond concern. “You’re a sweetie. I appreciate you cheering me on from the sidelines. But I think I need to go to the bathroom now and throw up.
Carrie Jones, Need|Is it true?” I ask him.“Is what true?” His eyes are the color of honey. These are the eyes I remember from my dreams.“That you still love me,” I say, breathless. “I need to know.”Alex nods. He reaches out and touches my face—barely skimming my cheekbone and brushing away a bit of my hair. “It’s true.”“But . . . I’ve changed,” I say. “And you’ve changed.”“That’s true too,” he says quietly. I look at the scar on his face, stretching from his left eye to his jawline, and something hitches in my chest.“So what now?” I ask him. The light is too bright; the day feels as though it’s merging into dream.“Do you love me?” Alex asks. And I could cry; I could press my face into his chest and breathe in, and pretend that nothing has changed, that everything will be perfect and whole and healed again.But I can’t. I know I can’t.“I never stopped.” I look away from him. I look at Grace, and the high grass littered with the wounded and the dead. I think of Julian, and his clear blue eyes, his patience and goodness. I think of all the fighting we’ve done, and all the fighting we have yet to do. I take a deep breath. “But it’s more complicated than that.”Alex reaches out and places his hands on my shoulders. “I’m not going to run away again,” he says.“I don’t want you to,” I tell him.His fingers find my cheek, and I rest for a second against his palm, letting the pain of the past few months flow out of me, letting him turn my head toward his. Then he bends down and kisses me: light and perfect, his lips just barely meeting mine, a kiss that promises renewal.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The study [of Revelation] instructs us not only about the storms to come, but how to endure and come through them with great victory.
Ramana Pemmaraju|For all who are amazed or annoyed by the diverse quotes, it is just a reflection how a human mind asynchronously changes the thought patterns, un-edited, raw and authentic!
Madeleine L'Engle|You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.
Jonathan Galassi, Muse|It’s the oldest story in the world. You want him back, don’t you?
Joan Bauer, Squashed|What's wrong with the world," Nana explained, "is that people stopped listening to their hearts...  "Not everybody stopped listening," she continued, "but enough people did to make a difference. We've go so much in this life that all we know how to do is want more. So we concentrate on the wrong things--things we can see--as being the measure of a person. We think if we can win something big or buy something snazzy it'll make us more than we are. Our hearts know that's not true, but the eyes are powerful. It's easier to fix on what we can see than listen to the still, small voice of a whispering heart." Nana turned her eyes on me like a vet looking for fleas: "A heart will say amazing things if it's given half a chance.
Charles C.  Anderson|Never miss an opportunity to learn another life skill. Just because you are an author or a doctor does not mean that you cannot learn carpentry, auto mechanics,electrical wiring, farming, or any other discipline. Each of these skills will give you the opportunity to help someone and to make a friend. Your new friend probably has a skill that you do not. If you will just ask every skilled person you see to show you how he does what he does, you will have the tools to succeed in life, to make new friends, and to save a boatload of money.
John Mackey|This is a learning in the business life that first of all you need to have commitment, dedication and passion for what you are doing.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and scratched his beard. 'Shouldn'ta lost me temper,' he said ruefully, 'but it didn't work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Live to start your stupid ideas, and start to live a life without regret--a life filled with meaning, freedom, happiness, fun, authenticity, and influence.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|There would be no history as we know it, no religion, no metaphysics or aesthetics as we have lived them, without an initial act of trust, of confiding, more fundamental, more axiomatic by far than any “social contract” or covenant with the postulate of the divine. This instauration of trust, this entrance of man into the city of man, is that between word and world.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|As close as we'd been when we were together, we were closer in our unraveling, telling each other everything at last, words that seemed to us might never have been spoken between two human beings before, so deep we went, saying everything that was beautiful and ugly and true.
Mother Teresa|It is not what to do, but how much love we put into the doing. We can do not greats, only small things with great love." - Mother Theresa
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|He was one of those who are not born handsome, but develop charming features with age by continuously engaging their brains with intelligent thoughts.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Brandywine Prophet|And yet if I drew my thoughts back from him, what life would I have? I would be like a dancer who had practiced since childhood for a performance she would never give.
Ted Deutch|The Healthy Homes Tax Credit Act will help ensure that all families, regardless of their income, can protect their children from the lifelong health impacts of lead poisoning.
Sam Harris, Free Will|Becoming sensitive to the background causes of one's thoughts and feelings can—paradoxically—allow for greater creative control over one's life. It is one thing to bicker with your wife because you are in a bad mood; it is another to realize that your mood and behavior have been caused by low blood sugar. This understanding reveals you to be a biochemical puppet, of course, but it also allows you to grab hold of one of your strings: A bit of food may be all that your personality requires. Getting behind our concious thoughts and feelings can allow us to steer a more intelligent course through our lives (while knowing, of course, that we are ultimately being steered).
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|[T]he longer you stay skeptical, doubtful, intellectually uncomfortable, the better it is for you.
Yancy Lael, Soulful Skincare: The ultimate guide to radically transforming your complexion|Don't forget that healing takes time. Don't expect to try meditation and a new skincare line and end up with perfect skin in a week. Give yourself the gift of time and patience. The body is a complicated, miraculous system and each body processes change in its own time.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I’ve never gotten a love letter before. But reading these notes like this, one after the other, it feels like I have. It’s like . . . it’s like there’s only ever been Peter. Like everyone else that came before him, they were all to prepare me for this. I think I see the difference now, between loving someone from afar and loving someone up close. When you see them up close, you see the real them, but they also get to see the real you. And Peter does. He sees me, and I see him.
Marie Corelli, Wormwood: A Drama of Paris|A great many men are mad, and no one knows it. They do not know it themselves
Albert Camus|My soul’s a burden to me, I’ve had enough of it. I’m eager to be in that country, where the sun kills every question. I don’t belong here.
Paul Enenche|When you have a distaste for what is not yours, you have set the stage for what is yours.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Yet, I didn't understand that she was intentionally disguising her feelings with sarcasm; that was usually the last resort of people who are timid and chaste of heart, whose souls have been coarsely and impudently invaded; and who, until the last moment, refuse to yield out of pride and are afraid to express their own feelings to you.
Thomas   Moore, Care of the Soul: Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|Love releases us into the realm of divine imagination, where the soul is expanded and reminded of its unearthly cravings and needs. We think that when a lover inflates his loved one he is failing to acknowledge her flaws - "Love is blind." But it may be the other way around. Love allows a person to see the true angelic nature of another person, the halo, the aureole of divinity. Certainly from the perspective of ordinary life this is madness and illusion. But if we let loose our hold on our philosophies and psychologies of enlightenment and reason, we might learn to appreciate the perspective of eternity that enters life as madness, Plato's divine frenzy.
Taras Shevchenko, Kobzar|If you have too many enemies, it means that you are either too good or too evil!
Cecily von Ziegesar|I always say three things make a writer: inspiration, obviously; perspiration, doing the work. But the third is desperation. I'm not really fit for anything else, or to have a real job. That fear drives me. The pressure has always been self inflicted.
W. Ian Thomas|Again, "Pray without ceasing" (1 Thess. 5:17), and here the word to pray does not mean to beg or to plead as if God were unwilling to give--but simply to expose by faith every situation as it arises, to the all-sufficiency of the One who indwells you by His life.
Novak Djokovic|To me, the sea is like a person - like a child that I've known a long time. It sounds crazy, I know, but when I swim in the sea, I talk to it. I never feel alone when I'm out there.
Val Uchendu|If you don't know the effect of words, you are behind times.If you want positivity, speak positively  If you don't know the effect of thoughts, you are behind times.If you want positivity, think positivelyIf you don't know the effect of meditation, you are behind times. If you desire something,listen to your God.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|I'll drive like my grandma. I'll drive like your grandma.""You wouldn't say that if you knew my gramma.
Jen Turano, A Most Peculiar Circumstance|Her lips trembled, and so did his. It was never known which lips were the first to move towards the other lips; but they kissed tremblingly, and then they moved apart.The rain was dashing against the window-panes as if an angry spirit were within it, and behind it was the great swoop of the wind; it was one of those moments in which both the busy and the idle pause with a certain awe.
Matthew McConaughey|Cheerfully fessing up to our failures turns crazy mind off, humility and compassion on. I learned this in a karate dojo that had a strange tradition. Everyone there loved recounting failure stories, and after an evening of smacking one another, we'd sit and have a beer while the students swapped tales of martial arts disaster.
Caroline Abbott, A Journey Through Emotional Abuse: From Bondage to Freedom|Whenever you want to marry someone, go have lunch with his ex-wife
Satyajit Das, Traders, Guns & Money: Knowns and Unknowns in the Dazzling World of Derivatives|...you can ruin your credit in one seemingly responsible afternoon, but rebuilding it takes years.
Lisa Sanders, Every Patient Tells a Story: Medical Mysteries and the Art of Diagnosis|I am not sure,' Mordecai told Thomas, 'whether omens can be trusted.''Of course they can.''I should like to hear your reasons. But show me your urine first.''You said I was cured,' Thomas protested. 'Eternal vigilance, dear Thomas, is the price of health. Piss for me.
Andrew Murray, The Master's Indwelling|[2 Corinthians 1:21-22] says that God has anointed us, has sealed us, and has given us the pledge, the foretaste, of the Spirit. If we are going to minister something of Christ to others, we have to experience Christ by the working of the cross, and the working of the cross is for the anointing, the sealing, and the pledge of the Spirit.
Arthur Japin, In Lucia's Eyes|He plants himself right there in front of Craig’s mother and says, “You need to love him. I don’t care who you thought he was, or who you want him to be, you need to love him exactly as he is because your son is a remarkable human being. You have to understand that.”And Craig’s mother whispers back, “I know. I know.
Nancy Pearcey|The first step in conforming our intellect to God's truth is to die to our vanity, pride, and craving for respect from colleagues and the public. We must let go of the worldly motivations that drive us, praying to be motivated solely by a genuine desire to submit our minds to God's Word - and then to use that knowledge in service to others.
Xavier Forneret|How very kind of her, ' I said. 'I must remember to send her a card.'I'd send her a card alright. It would be the Ace of Spades, and I'd mail it anonymously from somewhere other than Bishop's Lacey.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Nothing is very strong: strong enough to steal away a man's best years not in sweet sins but in a dreary flickering of the mind over it knows not what and knows not why, in the gratification of curiosities so feeble that the man is only half aware of them, in drumming of fingers and kicking of heels, in whistling tunes that he does not like, or in the long, dim labyrinth of reveries that have not even lust or ambition to give them a relish, but which, once chance association has started them, the creature is took weak and fuddled to shake off.
Demetri Martin, This is a Book|THING TO TRY: If you are asked to describe a suspect to a police sketch artist, describe in precise detail, the features of the police sketch artist. This is one of the rare instances where two people can do one self-portrait.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Red Headed League|Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|Islam doesn't ask you to cover your eyes, but to guard them.
Shel Silverstein|The dead do not needaspirin orsorrow,I suppose.but they might needrain.not shoesbut a place towalk.not cigarettes,they tell us,but a place to burn.or we're told:space and a place to flymight be thesame.the dead don't need me.nor do theliving.but the dead might needeachother.in fact, the dead might needeverything weneedandwe need so muchif we only knewwhat itwas.it isprobablyeverythingand we will allprobably dietrying to getitor diebecause wedon't getit.I hopeyou will understandwhen I am deadI got as muchaspossible.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|You should not try to live without thinking and feeling, for then you are only a piece of machinery, not a human being. Even if it hurts. Even if the thing you have to think of are sad, think them through; live them through and write or tell me. Only when we completely work through our thinking and feeling do we live a full life. ~From a letter to Diet Eman from Hein Sietsma
Gregory Koukl, Tactics: A Game Plan for Discussing Your Christian Convictions|In a very real sense, every person who denies God is living of borrowed capital. He enjoys living as if the world is filled with morality, meaning, order and beauty, yet he denies the God whose existence makes such things possible. When you start with theism - "in the beginning God"- these destinations make complete sense. When you start with materialism though - "in the beginning, the particles" - that route takes you over a cliff of absurdity and despair.
Colson Whitehead, Sag Harbor|As time went on, we learned to arm ourselves in our different ways. Some of us with real guns, some of us with more ephemeral weapons, an idea or improbable plan or some sort of formulation about how best to move through the world. An idea that will let us be. Protect us and keep us safe. But a weapon nonetheless.
Deyth Banger|Forget about life, forget about worrying about right and wrong. Plunge into the unknown and the endless and find your place there!
|Think about how many times in the past that you went through some challenges, struggles, and obstacles and still came out victorious? So why are you doubting your ability to triumph from your current trials and tribulations?
Jonathan Lethem, You Don't Love Me Yet|I want what we all want," said Carl. "To move certain parts of the interior of myself into the exterior world, to see if they can be embraced.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You have beautiful ears if you listen to the plight of others,beautiful hands if you carry the burdens of others,beautiful eyes if you look out for others,beautiful feet if you visit others,a beautiful tongue if you encourage others,a beautiful mind if you enlighten others,a beautiful heart if you comfort others,and a beautiful soul if you love others.
Riley  Murphy, Stare Me Down|...you make it sound like this is work. I’m having a hard time thinking about sex as a project to manage.”He barely touched the cheeks of her ass, just a little tickle on her flesh, and her muscles clenched. “Only because you don’t take it seriously.”“I take it very seriously,” she shot back.“No, you take the choice of your partner seriously, but not the sex itself. The sex itself you view as something you have to give up to get to what you really want, and that’s companionship and affection. You can’t buy those with sex, Avery. Those will come or not, and it doesn’t mean a damn thing to any man. Not really. He’ll take sex from you even if he doesn’t particularly like you. He’ll take it because you offer it up so easily. Again—not the relationship, but the sex. You’re offering me easy sex. Sex where I don’t have to work, but I want to work because I do like you and I do feel affection for you. Do you understand?”“You think I should ask for more.”“No, I think you should demand more.”“That doesn’t sound very submissive...
J.Adam Snyder|Mankind does not have dominion over the Earth, mankind has a relationship with the Earth.
Shemar Moore|I'm too young to have kids, but I really want to be a mom. I don't know if it's a Latin thing, but I love kids.
Christopher McCandless|So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Life is not fair; you do what it takes and at the end, you are the only person going home with empty hands.
Honor Raconteur, Jaunten|It is not what a man is capable of doing, but what he chooses to do that is important.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|Good manners have much to do with the emotions. To make them ring true, one must feel them, not merely exhibit them.
Donna Karan|I design from instinct. It's the only way I know how to live. What feels good. What feels right. What is needed. Give me a problem and I will approach it creatively, from my gut.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Negative means separating energies, while positive means unifying energies. It’s not about being ‘good’ or ‘bad’ – energy is quite neutral, actually… one just feels better. Simply imagine that being negative creates distance between the hearts of two people, while being positive brings them closer together.
Karen Chance, Touch the Dark|If I'd had enough breath, I would have screamed, both at the sensation and at the sheer pettiness of the bastard who wouldn't allow me even a tiny chance of escape.
Rusty Blackwood, Passions In Paris: Revelations Of A Lost Diary|Love, is there even a true description other than knowing your heart will cease to beat without that certain someone in your life?-Rusty Blackwood
Shirley Chisholm|Malaysia is a country unlike any other: Full of promise and fragility. Its history, cultural and religious diversity make it a rich, compelling and surprising land.
Tessa Dare, Three Nights with a Scoundrel|You don't want me to feel obligated? Well, I'm sorry, Lily. I am herebecause I feel obligated." He brought her hand to his chest, pressing herpalm flat against his rapidly thumping pulse. "I'm obligated by my heart. It'sdecided you're essential to my existence, you see. And it's threatening to go out on labor strike if I don't make you mine this very day. So yes. I am here on bended knee, acting from a deep, undeniable sense of obligation. I am, quite simply, yours." He swallowed hard. "If you'll have me.
G.R. Elton|In history, as elsewhere, fools rush in, and the angels may perhaps be forgiven if rather than tread in those treacherous paths they tread upon the fools instead.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|To change undesirable behaviors we see in the world, we must change the thinking that leads to those behaviors.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Be Happy & Appreciate Every Little Thing You Have/Get Because When You Get The Big Thing, The Happiness Would Be Unbound....
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|Annoyed?” said Sophie. “Why should I be annoyed? Someone only filled the castle with rotten aspic, and deafened everyone in Porthaven, and scared Calcifer to a cinder, and broke a few hundred hearts. Why should that annoy me?
Thierry Henry|I have been interested in dreams, really since I was a kid. I have always been fascinated by the idea that your mind, when you are asleep, can create a world in a dream and you are perceiving it as though it really existed.
Frida Kahlo|Feet, what do I need them forIf I have wings to fly.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|Satiety depends not at all on how much we eat, but on how we eat. It's the same with happiness, the very same...happiness doesn't depend on how many external blessings we have snatched from life. It depends only on our attitude toward them. There's a saying about it in the Taoist ethic: 'Whoever is capable of contentment will always be satisfied.
Ma Huateng|When you try to cool down hot emotions, what tends to happen is that you end up either repressing them or losing them altogether. Neither is desirable. Without emotion, much social interaction loses its meaning or changes for the worse.
Abraham Flexner, Universities: American, English, German|The new naval treaty permits the United States to spend a billion dollars on warships—a sum greater than has been accumulated by all our endowed institutions of learning in their entire history. Unintelligence could go no further! ... [In Great Britain, the situation is similar.] ... Until the figures are reversed, ... nations deceive themselves as to what they care about most.
Dorothy Day|It’s a good thing babies don’t give you a lot of time to think. You fall in love with them and when you realize how much they love you back, life is very simple.
Bobby Clarke|I was into the Mets because my Dad worked at IBM where he got free Mets tickets, so I was into the Mets... then I got to 'Saturday Night Live' where my boss has unbelievable N.Y. Yankees tickets, so he invites us to the games. I'm going to all the games, so I might as well root for the team I'm gonna go sit with.
Nichole Nordeman|But what if you're wrong?What if there's more?What if there's hope you never dreamed of hoping for?What if you jump?And just close your eyes?What if the arms that catch you, catch you by surprise?What if He's more than enough?What if it's love?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Fear tells me that while there might be a host of people who wish to stand beside me in times of crisis, the tangled wreckage is sometimes so enormous that the best of their efforts leave them stranded at a great distance. And standing desperately alone surveying the carnage that holds all others a bay, God suddenly taps me on the shoulder, leans over and whispers, 'how about a little demolition?
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Although initially only few in numbers, it seems my gray hairs have launched an effective peer-pressure campaign intended to convert the others.
Amit Kalantri|I have been loved enough, now I want to be respected.
Malcolm X, By Any Means Necessary|You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
Lewis Black|Christmas music is usually more concentrated pop music in a way. It's meant to make us feel good, and it's meant to make us like we belong somewhere.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Still, though, I can’t be sure if the zoo as I recall it was really like that. How can I put it? I sometimes feel that it’s too vivid, if you know what I mean. And when I start having thoughts like this, the more I think about it, the less I can tell how much of the vividness is real and how much of it my imagination has invented.
Sun Yat-sen|Our Founding Fathers created the Executive Branch to implement and enforce the laws written by Congress, and vested this power in the president.
Kamand Kojouri|Knowing you, I understood myself.
Isra Sravenheart|If you want something you have never had, you must do something you have never done.
Veronica Purcell|I don’t so much hope that any reader “agrees” with me, as I hope to haunt them, to trouble their sense of how things actually are.
Matthew Leeth|As McMasters raised the shotgun, the man removed his glasses. There were fields of stars where his eyes should have been. But they weren’t reflections of the night sky. These stars were a glimpse of a dim and distant future where the very laws of physics had been reduced to relics of a forgotten age. Feeble as dying embers, they were the palsied mourners at time’s wake.McMasters could hear the ultimate silence and feel the biting cold of the one true void. The promise of the eternal nothing beckoned to him. There was a sort of peace in the death it represented, not the death of mind and body but of shape and form. It was the final revelation, the casting off of life’s illusion in favor of the void’s embrace. from "Riders of the Necronomicon
Philip K. Dick, Radio Free Albemuth|If creation was given no limit, ultimately everything would cease to exist.
Musō Soseki|Hard to restrain, unstable is this mind; it flits wherever it lists. Good it is to control the mind. A controlled mind brings happiness.
Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings|It seems to me that the earth may be borrowed but not bought. It may be used, but not owned. ... We are tenants and not possessors, lovers and not masters.
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|If you think you can stand looking and not touching for eight months, you're welcome to try.""Try' being the operative word," he said, sighing. "No, I can't. And I don't want to try.
Dada Bhagwan|Like-dislike, good-bad, profit-loss; who gave rise to all these dualities? The society did. As far as God is concerned, there is no duality. If there are grains of food on one side and excrement on the other, in God’s eyes, they are both “material (matter)”. What does God say about this? “All are materials!
Michael Shermer|Statements don't exist by themselves. Just like people, they are in relationship with one another.
Nick Jonas|I truly believe that you have to bring more content to the table to survive in radio than saying, 'There was AC/DC, and here's Journey,' because computers can do that.
Pablo Picasso|There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into sun
Sting|When you kill a man, You steal a life. You steal his wife's right to a husband, Rob his children of a father.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Neither imagine that you are false, nor lash yourself, for both may be forms of self-indulgence.
Harriet Lerner, Ph.D.|When we take rejection as proof of our inadequacies, it's hard to allow ourselves to risk being truly seen again. How can we open ourselves to another person if we fear that he or she will discover what we're trying desperately to hide—that we are stupid, boring, incompetent, needy, or in some way deeply inadequate? Obviously we won't meet many people's standards or win their affection, respect, or approval. So what? The problem arises when shame kicks in and we aren't able to view our flaws, limitations, and vulnerabilities in a patient, self-loving way. The fear of rejection becomes understandably intense when it taps into our own belief that we are lesser than others—or lesser than the image we feel compelled to project.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not complain, pray for courage to endure the situation.
William B. Irvine, A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy|No matter what you do if it isn't genuine it's not worth doing, if it isn't meant with good heart it's not worth saying, and if it's a darkness around you perhaps it's not worth remembering.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Okay," I said. "Just a normal afternoon and two normal people."She nodded. "And so...hypothetically, if these to people likes each other, what would it take to get the stupid guy to kiss the girl, huh?""Oh..." I felt like one of Apollo's sacred cows-slow, dumb, and bright red. "Um...
Keira D. Skye|Sunny - If you can explain yourself before someone kicks your ass, count your blessings and give some thought to going back to the priesthood.Nick - I would, but now-a-days that vow of chastity might be a problem.
Apostle Paul -- Letter to the Romans|Remember it is not you who supports the root, but the root that supports you.
Sarah Dunant, In the Company of the Courtesan|Intercourse with resuscitated wife for particular number of days, superstitious act designed to insure safe operation of household machinery. Electricity mourns the absence of the energy from (wife) within the household’s walls by stalling its flow to the outlets. As such, an improvised friction need to take the place of electricity, to goad the natural currents back to their proper levels. This is achieved with the dead wife. She must be found, revived, and then penetrated until heat fills the room, until the toaster is shooting bread onto the floor, until she is smiling beneath you with black teeth and grabbing your bottom. Then the vacuum rides by and no one is pushing it, it is on full steam. Days flip past in chunks of fake light, and the intercourse is placed in the back of the mind. But it is always there, that moving into a static-ridden corpse that once spoke familiar messages in the morning when the sun was new.
Paul Park, All Those Vanished Engines|His story is simple, because simple is always best.
Deyth Banger|You are an adult and you don't understand me and what are the differences between the adult and the kids?The kids are dreamming to have sex and the adult's already are one step forward, adults take drugs... and from there and kids start, adults kill and then the children start to kill...So far everything was build by the adults, I see it. An adult has written a book about sex, about the stuff, an adult has created a website and other stuff of pornography.... It hasn't thought by someone this, when you are small and if you don't see it you don't do it!?You can't do it, without knowing it... can you?It's now habbit because you have saw it, once, twice, tripple and some fake thoughts even not fake but false thoughts have been planted in your mind and you start doing it...
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Conceive a world-society developed materially far beyond the wildest dreams of America. Unlimited power, derived partly from the artificial disintegration of atoms, partly from the actual annihilation of matter through the union of electrons and protons to form radiation, completely abolished the whole grotesque burden of drudgery which hitherto had seemed the inescapable price of civilization, nay of life itself. The vast economic routine of the world-community was carried on by the mere touching of appropriate buttons. Transport, mining, manufacture, and even agriculture were performed in this manner. And indeed in most cases the systematic co-ordination of these activities was itself the work of self-regulating machinery. Thus, not only was there no longer need for any human beings to spend their lives in unskilled monotonous labour, but further, much that earlier races would have regarded as highly skilled though stereotyped work, was now carried on by machinery. Only the pioneering of industry, the endless exhilarating research, invention, design and reorganization, which is incurred by an ever-changing society, still engaged the minds of men and women. And though this work was of course immense, it could not occupy the whole attention of a great world-community. Thus very much of the energy of the race was free to occupy itself with other no less difficult and exacting matters, or to seek recreation in its many admirable sports and arts. Materially every individual was a multi-millionaire, in that he had at his beck and call a great diversity of powerful mechanisms; but also he was a penniless friar, for he had no vestige of economic control over any other human being. He could fly through the upper air to the ends of the earth in an hour, or hang idle among the clouds all day long. His flying machine was no cumbersome aeroplane, but either a wingless aerial boat, or a mere suit of overalls in which he could disport himself with the freedom of a bird. Not only in the air, but in the sea also, he was free. He could stroll about the ocean bed, or gambol with the deep-sea fishes. And for habitation he could make his home, as he willed, either in a shack in the wilderness or in one of the great pylons which dwarfed the architecture even of the American age. He could possess this huge palace in loneliness and fill it with his possessions, to be automatically cared for without human service; or he could join with others and create a hive of social life. All these amenities he took for granted as the savage takes for granted the air which he breathes. And because they were as universally available as air, no one craved them in excess, and no one grudged another the use of them.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Animals are not supposed to have the power to reason and therefore don't care whether there is life after death. But imagine animals trying to cheer themselves up in the same way that our own ancestors did when faced with death, by believing that there is life after death. How would they resolve the problem that in the afterlife they might once more be eaten by man?
Tan Twan Eng|It is getting dark. In the low mists over the hills, an orange glow broods, as if the trees are on fire. Bats are flooding out from the hundreds of caves that perforate these mountainsides. I watch them plunge into the mists without any hesitation, trusting in the echoes and silences in which they fly.Are all of us the same, I wonder, navigating our lives by interpreting the silences between words spoken, analyzing the returning echoes of our memory in order to chart the terrain, in order to make sense of the world around us?
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|In Islam, it is the "moderate" who is left to split hairs,because the basic thrust of the doctrine is undeniable: convert, sub-jugate, or kill unbelievers; kill apostates; and conquer the world.
Brian Keene, A Gathering of Crows|A vein throbs to the left of his forehead. It pulsates, mirroring the violence in the room.
Adam Sternbergh, The Blinds|we could eradicate smallpox from nature, but we could not uproot the virus from the human heart
Pastor Adelaja Sunday|We mustn’t just simply pray, but rather ask God about His desires and plans. This is the prayer of enquiry
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|If I always stuck up for what I had, I would have missed the most amazing things I have today. What are you fighting for that you need to let go? Release the magic within. The magic of what could be.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When the world becomes peaceful for the birds, the birds will sing a harmonious chorale
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|It's funny. Looking back, none of it seems to matter now, those moments of yearning, craving to belong with people I thought mattered. No more fragments of glass, pieces of a broken mirror you can't put back together and wouldn't want to even if you could.
Tana French, Littekenweefsel|Plenty of people think the same thing. All of them are teenagers, mentally if not physically. Only teenagers think boring is bad. Adults, gown men and women who’ve been around the block a few times, know that boring is a gift straight from God.
Chalene Johnson, PUSH: 30 Days to Turbocharged Habits, a Bangin' Body, and the Life You Deserve!|Successful people do what others know they should do but will not. To become a success, or just be *more* successful, you will do what average, less-motivated people will not.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|Things are changing, but this time I'm not afraid. This time I know who I am. This time I've made the right choice and fighting for the right team. I feel safe. Confident
Amit Kalantri|Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.
Thomas S. Monson|Prayer can solve more problems, alleviate more suffering, prevent more transgression, and bring about greater peace and contentment in the human soul than can be obtained in any other way.
Josephine Angelini, Goddess|May your first day in hell last ten thousand years, and may it be the shortest.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a man treats you like a princess, he deserves to be your king.
Tori Spelling|Parenting is difficult under any circumstances, and in my father's view, to raise a morally upright and honest child, you sometimes have to lie to him.
Rick Riordan|Above all, don't fear difficult moments. The best comes from them.
Katie McGarry, Chasing Impossible|Hearsay, even from the people I love, doesn't equate to gospel truth.
Yami Gautam|I like making pies. I have a bunch of fruit trees in my backyard. My loquat tree sprouted, and I like making loquat pie. They're really hard to peel and everything, and it took me forever, but they make the best pies. They're amazing.
D.B. Nielsen, Seed|We are exiles in Time's abyss, strangers now in the Promised Land.
Gay Hendricks, The First Rule of Ten|True hospitality is marked by an open response to the dignity of each and every person. Henri Nouwen has described it as receiving the stranger on his own terms, and asserts that it can be offered only by those who 'have found the center of their lives in their own hearts'.
Bill Watterson|Creating a life that reflects your values and satisfies your soul is a rare achievement. In a culture that relentlessly promotes avarice and excess as the good life, a person happy doing his own work is usually considered an eccentric, if not a subversive. Ambition is only understood if it’s to rise to the top of some imaginary ladder of success. Someone who takes an undemanding job because it affords him the time to pursue other interests and activities is considered a flake. A person who abandons a career in order to stay home and raise children is considered not to be living up to his potential — as if a job title and salary are the sole measure of human worth.You’ll be told in a hundred ways, some subtle and some not, to keep climbing, and never be satisfied with where you are, who you are, and what you’re doing. There are a million ways to sell yourself out, and I guarantee you’ll hear about them.To invent your own life’s meaning is not easy, but it’s still allowed, and I think you’ll be happier for the trouble.
Sunday Adelaja|You want to be merciful. To stand in the light. I understand it. I admire it. But, my queen...Only the victors can be merciful.
Kelley Armstrong, Stolen|... vampires are like gourmet chocolate - oh, so tempting, but overindulgence is a killer.
LaShawnda Jones|When you are brave enough to see me and accept me at my most basic, uninspired, unremarkable self – indeed, embrace my ordinariness - then, and only then, will you develop eyes to see the extraordinary splendor of my heart.
Lana Del Rey|No one compares to you, but there's no you, except in my dreams tonight.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Why are you wearing a T-shirt under your other T-shirt?" Livvy asked."In case one of them is stolen," Marked said, as it were entirely normal.
Aimee Mann|But I can't confront the doubts I have.I can't admit that maybe the past was bad,and so, for the sake of momentumI'm condemning the future to deathso it can match the past.
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|The strength of America is not vested in the ability of the government to remain true to Christian principles. It rests in the strength of the people to stay true to the Christian virtue that provides an adequate base for electing virtuous representatives, thereby maintaining our Constitutional Republic.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I believe that life is a game, that life is a cruel joke, and that life is what happens when you're alive and that you might as well lie back and enjoy it.
Dale Dougherty|For computer communications, computers talk in little bursts. They're not continuous like speech.
Neha Yazmin, Make You Feel My Love|Tonight we flyOver the mountainsThe beach and the seaOver the friends that we've knownAnd those that we now knowAnd those who we've yet to meetAnd when we dieOh, will we beThat disappointedOr sadIf heaven doesn't existWhat will we have missedThis life is the best we've ever had
Saaif Alam|Cognitive Intelligence defines a person's personality trait who utilizes critical thinking based on empirical evidence, logics and thorough understanding of the information during an intellectual argument or an educational setting where they acquire brand new concepts.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Because your character is always full of ambition, the news of my being locked up must have been much harder on you than it was on me. When I was arrested, it was almost a relief to know that I could now experience what you were experiencing yourself. I am so afraid that they are breaking your spirit.
T.W. Brown|Make stress work as the fuel inside, not as the oil-spill on the road.
A.A. Milne|Oh Tigger, where are your manners?""I don’t know, but I bet they’re having more fun than I am.
K.P. Yohannan, Touching Godliness|Evangelism cant be our focus! We must not stop sharing the good news, but here’s the deal, here’s the wonderful thing, it gets done along the way as you do discipleship. Great commission is just about going to disciple the nations and you know what happens... as you disciple them evangelism takes place, because it’s done in the context of discipleship.Here’s the issue: We have to reframe evangelism within the context of discipleship
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The TV scientist who mutters sadly, "The experiment is a failure; we have failed to achieve what we had hoped for," is suffering mainly from a bad script writer. An experiment is never a failure solely because it fails to achieve predicted results. An experiment is a failure only when it also fails adequately to test the hypothesis in question, when the data it produces don't prove anything one way or another.
Nancy Reagan|I use those medical gloves that fit very tightly and are disposable for all chopping - peppers, onions, garlic, etc. Very Lady Macbeth, I think.
Harmon Killebrew|I am a generous man, by nature, and far more trusting than I should be. Indeed. The real world is risky territory for people with generosity of spirit. Beware.
Hannah Hart, Buffering: Unshared Tales of a Life Fully Loaded|I would make a poor princess,' she said. 'Why?''Have you ever wished to be a princess?' Ash challenged her. 'That depends,' Kaisa said. 'On what?''On whether I'd have to marry a prince,' she said and her tone was lighthearted, inviting Ash to share her smile.
Mark Waid|I have written about some truly great writers - John Steinbeck, Robert Frost, and William Faulkner. Faulkner and Frost were the very peaks of American poetry and fiction in the 20th century.
Cecil Day-Lewis, The Complete Poems of C. Day Lewis|Before Any Fall, The Original Plan Is Already Initiated For His Purpose
tothemoonmydear, Fading|He doesn’t understand why Harry is doing this to him, why Harry is trying to pull him apart. He doesn’t understand how Harry has seen past his carefully crafted display. Louis has got smoke and mirrors down to a science, he knows how to deflect and he knows how to act and he’s managed to keep people at arms length so nobody would ever question how the magic works. He’s got his relationship with Zayn and Liam down to an art, how to give enough so that he doesn’t have to lie to them, but able to keep them from knowing how close he is to the edge. Yet here is Harry, ready to unravel everything Louis has sewn together.
Derek Jeter|Ironically, it is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.
Diane Les Becquets|I Feel like a prison holding myself, bounded by the judgements of people I care and chained by the rules of the society I live in. If I would let the person who speaks inside me out, he would tell you a different story than what you have seen all these years. Sometimes I see myself crying, screaming and trying to tear myself into pieces when I stand in front of the mirror so that I could finally be free from myself. But the demons I have created inside me to guard beats me down and laughs at me, watching me bleed.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|I was starting to come to grips with the fact that I had created a lot of pain and suffering around me, not just within me.
