Quetzal|If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|Tell me what you want" he [Warner] says desperately. "Tell me what to do," he says, "and I'll do it.
Jeff VanderMeer, Borne|Early on, I had thought Wick was reaching for a body across the bed. But, for a long time, he had been reaching for me--for the person called Rachel, who did indeed, in the end, love back the person name Wick.
William Godwin|We've always had this experience that things take long, but I'm 100% convinced that our principles will in the end prevail. No one knew how the Cold War would end at the time, but it did end. This is within our living experience... I'm surprised at how fainthearted we sometimes are and how quickly we lose courage.
Suzanne  Johnson, Elysian Fields|I always hated it when TV reporters stuck a microphone in the faces of people who'd just lost a home or a loved one, wanting to know how they felt. They felt like shit. They hurt, and they didn't know how they were going to get through the night. They wanted to scream and cry and hit the guy with the microphone.
Ron Conway|I'm positive and I smile a lot, and I'm kind of a banana, but serious work just seems to find me, so I'm not going to argue with it.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|If you are unmotivated to succeed, no one can help you.If you are determined to succeed, no one can stop you.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|He was painfully shy, which, as is often the manner of the painfully shy, he overcompensated for by being too loud at the wrong times.
Maryrose Wood, The Mysterious Howling|A dim antagonism gathered force within him and darkened his mind as a cloud against her disloyalty: and when it passed, cloudlike, leaving his mind serene and dutiful towards her again, he was made aware dimly and without regret of a first noiseless sundering of their lives.
Albert Einstein|If love is not the answer, what is the question?
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|tiny: but there is the word, this word phil wrayson taught me once: weltschmerz. it's the depression you feel when the world as it is does not line up with the world as you think it should be. i live in a big goddamned weltzschermz ocean, you know? and so do you.
H. L. Balcomb|Suddenly, he felt a tremendous stirring of hope inside his heart; it filled his whole body with its warmth. I may not be that much of a broken man, he thought to himself.
Debasish Mridha|I want to thank everyone and everything,every sunrise and every sunset,every abundance and every beauty,every tragedy and every triumph,every sadness and every happiness,every moment and every experiencethat we call life deserves my deepest gratitude.
Walter Isaacson|If you pay attention to the world, it's an amazing place. If you don't, it's whatever you think it is.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|If music be the food of love, play on,Give me excess of it; that surfeiting,The appetite may sicken, and so die.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Return of the Prodigal Son Anniversary Edition: A Special Two-in-One Volume, including Home Tonight|Real life is just another stage.Just another stage where I have to look and actLike I have everything put together;everything neat, perfect, and in order,when in reality I’m slowly dying,Slowly decaying, screaming and clawing,at this little box I’ve been put into, Trying desperately to escape.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child|What the Father gives is the capacity to be a self, freedom, and thus autonomy, but an autonomy which can be understood only as a surrender of self to the other.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
Giacomo Leopardi|He who travels much has this advantage over others – that the things he remembers soon become remote, so that in a short time they acquire the vague and poetical quality which is only given to other things by time. He who has not traveled at all has this disadvantage – that all his memories are of things present somewhere, since the places with which all his memories are concerned are present.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|I still believed he'd love me again somehow, love me that intense, thick way he did, the way that made everything good.
Parnell Hall|Sometimes I help him out and sometimes he helps me out, and sometimes he tries to push me through the wall. (Dark City Lights)
Shaun White|Sometimes emotions can win fights. Sometimes letting your feelings out in a fight can win you the fight. When it means the world to you, it's not just a sports contest - a boxing match for money or belts.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|The Islamic intellectual tradition has usually not seen a dichotomy between intellect and intuition but has created a hierarchy of knowledge and methods of attaining knowledge according to which degrees of both intellection and intuition become harmonized in an order encompassing all the means available to man to know, from sensual knowledge an reason to intellection and inner version or the "knowledge of the heart.
David Levithan, Wide Awake|Being lesbian isn't a way of life, it's a trivial attribute that doesn't change your character.
T.M. Gaouette, The Destiny of Sunshine Ranch|Endure the pain, overcome the hurt.
S.W. Lothian, Subway | Palliatopia|Freedom is taken for granted by the free and longed for by those who never had it. But for those who have lost it, the loss burns like the hottest flame.
Erik Hassle|I think people just think I am crazy because they see me doing stand-up, but I am generally not. I am very sad. I'm one of those guys that lights candles and listens to Rachmaninoff.
Vishwas Chavan|Embrace, nurture, love and celebrate the child in self and others; because being child is being a future.
A.J. Kazinski, The Last Good Man|Everybody is always touting the division between religion and science.... That division is based on a false premise. It simply doesn't exist. The first sciences developed from a desire to prove the existence of God. In that sense, science and religion have been hand in hand from the very beginning.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|People had always amazed him, he began. But they amazed him more since the sickness. For as long as the two of them had been together, he said, Gary’s mother had accepted him as her son’s lover, had given them her blessing. Then, at the funeral, she’d barely acknowledged him. Later, when she drove to the house to retrieve some personal things, she’d hunted through her son’s drawers with plastic bags twist-tied around her wrists.	“…And yet,” he whispered, “The janitor at school--remember him? Mr. Feeney? --he’d openly disapproved of me for nineteen years. One of the nastiest people I knew. Then when the news about me got out, after I resigned, he started showing up at the front door every Sunday with a coffee milkshake. In his church clothes, with his wife waiting out in the car. People have sent me hate mail, condoms, Xeroxed prayers…”	What made him most anxious, he told me, was not the big questions--the mercilessness of fate, the possibility of heaven. He was too exhausted, he said, to wrestle with those. But he’d become impatient with the way people wasted their lives, squandered their chances like paychecks.	I sat on the bed, massaging his temples, pretending that just the right rubbing might draw out the disease. In the mirror I watched us both--Mr. Pucci, frail and wasted, a talking dead man. And myself with the surgical mask over my mouth, to protect him from me.	“The irony,” he said, “… is that now that I’m this blind man, it’s clearer to me than it’s ever been before. What’s the line? ‘Was blind but now I see…’” He stopped and put his lips to the plastic straw. Juice went halfway up the shaft, then back down again. He motioned the drink away. “You accused me of being a saint a while back, pal, but you were wrong. Gary and I were no different. We fought…said terrible things to each other. Spent one whole weekend not speaking to each other because of a messed up phone message… That time we separated was my idea. I thought, well, I’m fifty years old and there might be someone else out there. People waste their happiness--That’s what makes me sad. Everyone’s so scared to be happy.”	“I know what you mean,” I said.	His eyes opened wider. For a second he seemed to see me. “No you don’t,” he said. “You mustn’t. He keeps wanting to give you his love, a gift out and out, and you dismiss it. Shrug it off because you’re afraid.”	“I’m not afraid. It’s more like…” I watched myself in the mirror above the sink. The mask was suddenly a gag. I listened.	“I’ll give you what I learned from all this,” he said. “Accept what people offer. Drink their milkshakes. Take their love.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Isn't it interesting how much we dislike the days that allow us to enjoy our weekends? The days that pay. If you don't like Monday's, you're not living your authentic life! You’re in the wrong job! What do you really want to do with your life…?
Haruki Murakami|Today I am amused, and I haven't seen anyone yet.
John L. Parker Jr.|You would think it best to save your breath for running, but I often find screaming helps.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|Here's what we're not taught [about the Declaration and Constitution]: Those words at the time they were written were blazingly, electrifyingly subversive. If you understand them truly now, they still are. You are not taught - and it is a disgrace that you aren't - that these men and women were radicals for liberty; that they had a vision of equality that was a slap in the face of what the rest of their world understood to be the unchanging, God-given order of nations; and that they were willing to die to make that desperate vision into a reality for people like us, whom they would never live to see. 
Dave Ramsey|The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|If I am more alive because love burns and chars me,as a fire, given wood or wind, feels new elation,it's that he who lays me low is my salvation,and invigorates the more, the more he scars me.
Vicky Pattison, All That Glitters|It wasn't normal, it was quite far from normal, but they were hers and she loved everything about them.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|When he was seventy-four years old the Cretan novelist Nikos Kazantzakis began a book. He called it Report to Greco... Kazantzakis thought of himself as a soldier reporting to his commanding officer on a mortal mission—his life. ...Well, there is only one Report to Greco, but no true book... was ever anything else than a report. ... A true book is a report upon the mystery of existence... it speaks of the world, of our life in the world. Everything we have in the books on which our libraries are founded—Euclid's figures, Leonardo's notes, Newton's explanations, Cervantes' myth, Sappho's broken songs, the vast surge of Homer—everything is a report of one kind or another and the sum of all of them together is our little knowledge of our world and of ourselves. Call a book Das Kapital or The Voyage of the Beagle or Theory of Relativity or Alice in Wonderland or Moby-Dick, it is still what Kazantzakis called his book—it is still a "report" upon the "mystery of things."But if this is what a book is... then a library is an extraordinary thing. ...The existence of a library is, in itself, an assertion. ... It asserts that... all these different and dissimilar reports, these bits and pieces of experience, manuscripts in bottles, messages from long before, from deep within, from miles beyond, belonged together and might, if understood together, spell out the meaning which the mystery implies. ...The library, almost alone of the great monuments of civilization, stands taller now than it ever did before. The city... decays. The nation loses its grandeur... The university is not always certain what it is. But the library remains: a silent and enduring affirmation that the great Reports still speak, and not alone but somehow all together...
Avigdor Lieberman|I'd always intended to make 'Far North' straight after 'The Warrior.' We had the rights to the short story, the script was in development, and I knew where I wanted to shoot it. It just took a long time getting the script together and raising the finance.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|To me, lyrics are harder to write when you have to invent the feelings behind them. That's when lyrics take a lot of thought, when they aren't genuine.
Douglas MacArthur|Horror, for me, has to involve some sort of fantasy. Horror is something that is in your dreams or your nightmares.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Truth is individual.”“What? No it’s not. Truth is . . . it’s Truth. Reality.”“Your truth is what you see,” Pattern said, sounding confused. “What else could it be? That is the truth that you spoke to me, the truth that brings power.
Lauren Beukes, The Shining Girls|Violet learned then what she had forgotten until this moment: that laughter is serious. More complicated, more serious than tears.
J.D. Salinger, The Complete Uncollected Stories|I still think that, in a way, I can't get past half my childhood dogmas.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|God did not make this person as I would have made him. He did not give him to me as a brother for me to dominate and control, but in order that I might find above him the Creator. Now the other person, in the freedom with which he was created, becomes the occasion of joy, whereas before he was only a nuisance and an affliction. God does not will that I should fashion the other person according to the image that seems good to me, that is, in my own image; rather in his very freedom from me God made this person in His image. I can never know beforehand how God's image should appear in others. That image always manifests a completely new and unique form that comes solely from God's free and sovereign creation. To me the sight may seem strange, even ungodly. But God creates every man in the likeness of His Son, the Crucified. After all, even that image certainly looked strange and ungodly to me before I grasped it.
Scott Kelly|I think when you're in a relationship where you really care for the other person, when they achieve their dreams it's better than when you do yourself.
H.G. Wells|They did not think politics was a great constructive process, they thought it was a kind of dog-fight. They wanted fun, they wanted spice, they wanted hits, they wanted also a chance to say "'Ear, 'ear!" in an intelligent and honourable manner and clap their hands and drum with their feet. The great constructive process in history gives so little scope for clapping and drumming and saying "'Ear, 'ear!" One might as well think of hounding on the solar system.
Debasish Mridha|In a world full of cruelty and hatred, be loving and kind so that you may transform the perception of life.
Revathi Sankaran|The spring which moved my energies lay far away beyond seas, in an Indian isle.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|If Sean's voice is layers of wood, and Mina Ma's is the voice a copper pot, then Mathew Mercer's is the voice of a wild animal. I suddenly think of a movie Ammara and I loved when we were little, and I think of Scar, the lion who murdered his brother to become king. That kind of voice.
August Wilson|As a tennis player, you have to get used to losing every week. Unless you win the tournament, you always go home as a loser. But you have to take the positive out of a defeat and go back to work. Improve to fail better.
Julie Klausner|Acceptable food rots while we are chased from bins behind restaurants, chased from sleeping on the street, chased from relieving ourselves unless we pay for food or gas, until finally we are so hungry, sleepless, smelly, constipated and beaten-down that we simply die of lack of will to live.
Erica Ridley, The Brigadier's Runaway Bride|She turned to him with wide, shocked eyes. "Why did he..."	His lips twitched. No coarse language in front of the infants limited the ability to discuss the fountain of baby piss that had just arced halfway across the room.	"Twasn't you, darling. It's one of their favorite bath-time games.	"Something about the cool air on their naked...berries," he substituted at the last second....	"Do I have piddle in my hair?" she whispered, her eyes sparkling with laughter above her flushed cheeks.	"Not much," he assured her with a straight face. "You look almost becoming."...	"Decades from now, when our children ask how I fell in love with their mother, I'll say 'twas her sweet, gentle compliments during bath-time, and her fleetness of foot whilst dodging a flow of ---
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|Beholdthe azure sea in front of you,the turquoise sky above you,the amber mountain beneath your feet,and the golden daisy in your hands.How are you not the richest person on earth?
Jo Deurbrouck|Unlike me, he realized that Dustfinger would do anything in return for such a promise. All he wants is to go back to his own world. He doesn't even stop to ask if his story there has a happy ending!""Well, that's no different from real life," remarked Elinor gloomily. "You never know if things will turn out well. Just now our own story looks like it's coming to a bad end.
Shawn Lukas|All people have one chance, if there is possibility of other life. It's again one chance your knowledge from the knees up to the head is reset like the games.
Nolan Bushnell|It's like you always have to put on a happy face, be the phony baloney, and I'm so not that. I never was that; I'll never be that. That is part of the business that I don't like. Maybe that will always keep me an outsider, I don't know. But that's fine.
Theresa Breslin, The Medici Seal|... understanding, and action proceeding from understanding and guided by it, is the one weapon against the world's bombardment, the one medicine, the one instrument by which liberty, health, and joy may be shaped or shaped towards, in the individual, and in the race.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn, Leftism Revisited: from de Sade and Marx to Hitler and Pol Pot|Generals, on the average, are far less bellicose than journalists or patriotic housewives: They know the horrors of a war and they dislike any break in the routine
Deborah Wiles, Countdown|A hero can be afraid, but a hero never runs away.
Heather Lyons, The Deep End of the Sea|The kiss surrounded her like air, held her up like water, supported her like the earth and burned her like fire.
James Dyson|Social media can be dangerous. People hide behind their computers and write negative things, so I like to keep it about communicating with my fans.
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|As if music could be crushed like a condemned building or a stubborn anarchist. But it could not. It always rose and returned, vital, immense, fortified by new instruments, new shapes, new musicians crazy enough to give their lives to it like underground, unsanctioned priests.
Lessman, Julie|Let's not cry about it, shall we, Marcy? Let's pray about it instead. A Passion Most Pure
Herbert Simon|You know what the Englishman's idea of compromise is? He says, Some people say there is a God. Some people say there is no God. The truth probably lies somewhere between these two statements.
Peter Singer, The Life You Can Save: Acting Now to End World Poverty|Without language, one cannot talk to people and understand them; one cannot share their hopes and aspirations, grasp their history, appreciate their poetry, or savor their songs.
Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Religion of the Future|Our dominant idea about the mind fail to recognise the conflict between the two sides of the mind — the mind as machine and the mind as anti-machine, delighting in its powers of combination and transgression. They fail as well to appreciate the extend to which the relative presence of these two sides of the mind is influenced by the organisation of society and of the culture, with the result that the history of politics is internal to the history of the mind. In these as in many other respects, our beliefs about ourselves resist acknowledging the relation between our context-shaped and our context-transcending identities and powers.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to pray, read and mediate on word of God. These acts lead to the greatest spiritual awaken.
Eleanor Roosevelt|What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Relax, having kids is years away. But can you imagine? Your brains, my charm, our collective good looks... then add in the usual physical abilities dhampirs get. It's really not even fair to everyone else.
William James|Everybody has a creative potential and from the moment you can express this creative potential, you can start changing the world.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|There they were, the movers and shakers of Benjamin Franklin Hight - the sports stars, the cheerleaders, the good, the great, the gorgeous - bent over their pizzas.Trish sensed my angst and said, "My mother says girls like Lisa Shooty get the ultimate curse known to man.""What's that?""Too much too soon."I looked at poor, cursed Lisa who had been sprayed with sex appeal at birth. She had gleaming teeth and long, raven-black curls. She threw back her head and laughed with diamond-studded joy."When do you think the curse takes effect?" I asked."Not in our lifetime," Trish answered.
Michael Bassey Johnson|These are the words of a fool: I am happy to be a fool, for i won't spend my time gazing at lines difficult to decipher, while my mates are drinking with glee.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|But Malone was thinking now and as he watched the men lighting cigarettes for each other in the dark, having sex beneath the trees, he turned to his friend and said in a wondering voice: “Isn’t it strange that when we fall in love, this great dream we have, this extraordinary disease, the only thing in which either one of us is interested, it’s inevitably with some perfectly ordinary drip who for some reason we cannot define is the magic bearer, the magician, the one who brings all this to us. Why?
Nicholas Dawidoff, Collision Low Crossers: A Year Inside the Turbulent World of NFL Football|A sport has its own built-in integrity, doesn't need an artificial one. Athletics carries its own set of truths, and those truths are diminished and manipulated by people with agendas.
Julie James, Love Irresistibly|You're tough when you need to be, and you can charm the pants off men who have three times your experience. Well, yes. Although I try not to take advantage of that too often. Very awkward negotiating with people who are sitting around in their underwear.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|It is not about "life after death" as such. Rather, it's a way of talking about being bodily alive again after a period of being bodily dead. Resurrection is a second-stage postmortem life: "life after 'life after death.
Aleatha Romig, Convicted|Thus many a melody passed to and fro between the two nightingales, drunk with their passion. Those who heard them listened in delight, and so similar were the two voices that they sounded like a single chant. Born of pain and longing, their song had the power to break the unhappiness of the world.
Steven Wright|The more aspects of life that can be moved from private reign to public realm, the better it is for politics.
Vivian Swift, When Wanderers Cease to Roam: A Traveler's Journal of Staying Put|The more things change, the more they stay the same. And, that's a whole other story.
William  Kennedy, Quinn's Book|In the years after the death of Petrus, Hillegond had refused all offers of marriage, certain that her knowledge of men, despite her uncountable intimate encounters with them, was seriously bescrewed. Further, she grew certain from a recurring nightmare that should she ever consider a man as a second spouse, he would strangle her in her bed with a ligature.
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|I had an abnormal heart, the kind that stretched like a rubber-band and weakened with every tug I allowed someone to have
Louis Blanc|After Jacob had worked for Laban for seven years, do you know what happened? Laban fooled him and gave him his ugly daughter Leah. So to marry Rachel, Jacob was forced to work another seven years.So, you see, children, the Bible clearly teaches us you can never trust an employer.
Jonathan Safran Foer|So much about life in a global economy feels as though it has passed beyond the individual's control--what happens to our jobs, to the prices at the gas station, to the vote in the legislature. But somehow food still feels a little different. We can still decide, every day, what we're going to put into our bodies, what sort of food chain we want to participate in. We can, in other words, reject the industrial omelet on offer and decide to eat another.
Gary "Gunz" Govich, Career Criminal: My Life in the Russian Mob Until the Day I Died|I told Seven the Bartender that true love is felonious."Not if they're over eighteen," he said, shutting the till of the cash register.By then the bar itself had become an appendage, a second torso holding up my first. "You take someone's breath away," I stressed. "You rob them of the ability to utter a single word." I tipped the neck of the empty liquor bottle toward him. "You steal a heart."He wiped up in front of me with a dishrag. "Any judge would toss that case out on its ass.""You'd be surprised."Seven spread the rag out on the brass bar to dry. "Sounds like a misdemeanor, if you ask me."I rested my cheek on the cool, damp wood. "No way," I said. "Once you're in, it's for life.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?
George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia|The Assault Guards had one submachine-gun between ten men and an automatic pistol each; we at the front had approximately one machine-gun between fifty men, and as for pistols and revolvers, you could only procure them illegally. As a matter of fact, though I had not noticed it till now, it was the same everywhere. The Civil Guards and Carabineros, who were not intended for the front at all, were better armed and far better clad than ourselves. I suspect it is the same in all wars-always the same contrast between the sleek police in the rear and the ragged soldiers in the line.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|See, I’m a great believer in the power of negative thought. And in an age of affirmation, of self-help and self-love, of the rebirth of wide-eyed idealism and the power of positive thinking — I’m happy to be a champion of skepticism and doubt. That night, I rediscovered my role, my reason, and my rage.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To avoid enemies, say nothing; to avoid critics, do nothing; to avoid haters, be nothing; but to avoid mediocrity, ignore them all.
Mark F. LaMoure|Everyday when you wake-up, say to yourself: "Everyday, in everyway, I only get better, better and better!
Larry Hagman|The radiation left over from the Big Bang is the same as that in your microwave oven but very much less powerful. It would heat your pizza only to minus 271.3*C - not much good for defrosting the pizza, let alone cooking it.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000–2016, with A Journal of a Writer's Week|Fiction offers the best means of understanding people different from oneself, short of experience. Actually, fiction can be lots better than experience, because it's a manageable size, it's comprehensible, while experience just steamrollers over you and you understand what happened decades later, if ever.
Edgar Allan Poe|Sleep, those little slices of death — how I loathe them.
Gabriel Marcel|Peter Koestenbaum also elaborated on the importance of others, particularly romantic lovers, in the existential context. Love is the choice to create and reflect each other mutually, verifying and illuminating each other's uniqueness because this is how we learn that we exist and who we are. A key theme of authentic love is resistance between, but welcoming of, two independent consciousness acting like positive and negative magnets within a single magnetic field.
Sarah Diemer|Iz," Alec said tiredly. "It's not like it's one big bad thing. It's a lot of little invisible things. When Magnus and I were traveling, and I'd call from the road, Dad never asked how he was. When I get up to talk in Clave meetings, no one listens, and I don't know if that's because I'm young or if it's because of something else. I saw Mom talking to a friend about her grandchildren and the second I walked into the room they shut up. Irina Cartwright told me it was a pity no one would ever inherit my blue eyes now." He shrugged and looked toward Magnus, who took a hand off the wheel for a moment to place it on Alec's. "It's not like a stab wound you can protect me from. It's a million little paper cuts every day.
Shannon Dermott, Waiting for Mercy|if beauty were time, you'd be eternity
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|[Men] prefer the foolish belief and the passions of the earth [to the enlightenment of their souls]. They believe the absurd and shrink from the truth.""No, they do not. They are afraid, that is all. And they must remain on earth until they come to the way of leaving it.""And how do they leave? How is the ascent made? Must one learn virtue?"Here she laughs. "You have read too much, and learned too little. Virtue is a road, not a destination. Man cannot be virtuous. Understanding is the goal. When that is achieved, the soul can take wing.
Angela Carter, Nights at the Circus|Those were her best days, although there was always something feckless about her, something so slack and almost fearful in her too frequent smile, so that when you saw Mignon being happy, you always thought: "It can't last." She had the febrile gaiety of a being without a past, without a present, yet she existed thus, without memory or history, only because her past was too bleak to think of and her future too terrible to contemplate; she was the broken blossom of the present tense.
Carl Spitteler|Cinco de Mayo is an important day. The Mexicans had to defend themselves from the French. It is historically significant, but it is not Mexican Independence Day.
Mark Williams, The Mindful Way through Depression: Freeing Yourself from Chronic Unhappiness|Mindfulness could also be described as "heartfulness" because it is really about a compassionate awareness.
Adolf Hitler|What is going to happen to the Aurorans?""They are prisoners of war," Albion said. "I should imagine they will be set to work at the base of the Spire."Grimm tightened his jaw. "No, sir.""No?""No, sir," Grimm said. "I've seen that place. You might as well tie a noose around their necks and stand them on blocks of ice, if you want them to die a slow death. It will be cleaner.""I'm not sure why this concerns you, Captain," Albion said."Because they surrendered to me," Grimm said. "They gave me their parole, sir. They could have fought on with no real chance of victory, and it would have been bloody. But that surrender saved blood and lives of Albions and Aurorans alike. I will not see Captain Castillo repaid with such churlish treatment.
Alain de Botton|Our ex-wifes always harbour secrets about us that make them irresistable. Until, of course, we remember who we are and what we did and why we are not married anymore.
Megan Fox|Like many children of the rich and famous, Paris Hilton didn't always get to spend quality time with her parents, especially her mother. A socially ambitious young woman, Kathleen Elizabeth Avanzino Richards Hilton, who had married into the celebrated Hilton Hotel family, was often out and about.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is true that you may have lost some time in the past. You may have allowed your life melt away with your time, but the good news is that you still have the future.
Ashleigh Z., Under The Cypress Tree|Your smile is the gift , all I ever wanted.
Randy Alcorn, Heaven|As long as the vision of heaven is always changing, the vision of earth will be exactly the same. No ideal will remain long enough to be realized, or even partly realized. The modern young man will never change his environment; for he will always change his mind.
Jayce O'Neal|There is no such thing as safe sex, since no one can create a condom for the soul.
Shawn Amos|The Internet allows the small guy a global marketplace. But technology is harmful in the sense that we get too much information from it. Because of the web we get 10 times the amount of noise we ever got, which makes harmful fallacies far more likely.
Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes|You are angry at the God you were taught to believe in as a child. The God who is supposed to watch over you and protect you, who answers your prayers and forgives your sins. This God is just a story. Religions try to capture God, but God is beyond religion. The true God lies beyond our comprehension. We can't understand His will; He can't be explained in a book. He didn't abandon us and He will not save us. He has nothing to do with our being here. God does not change. He simply is. I don't pray to God for forgiveness or favors, I only pray to be closer to Him, and when I pray, I fill my heart with love. When I pray this way, I know that God is love. When I feel that love, I remember that we don't need angels or a heaven, because we are a part of God already.
Gerald Morris|All brave men love; for he only is brave who has affections to fight for, whether in the daily battle of life, or in physical contests.
Nyona Matende|Youth, if adults will only admit that it has any brains at all, will stand out, today, in a most promising light. Philosophically, Youth is Wisdom in formation, and with many thoughts startling to adult minds; and, industrially, this vast World’s coming stability is now, today, in its bands; growing slowly, as a blossom grows from its bud. If you will furnish him with a thorough schooling, you can plank down your dollar that Youth, starting out from this miraculous day, will not lag nor shirk on that coming day in which old joints, rusty and crackling, must slow down; and, calling for an oil can, you will find that Youth only, is that lubrication which can run Tomorrow’s World.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|Freedom, "that terrible word inscribed on the chariot of the storm," is the motivating principle of all revolutions. Without it, justice seems inconceivable to the rebel's mind. There comes a time, however, when justice demands the suspension of freedom. Then terror, on a grand or small scale, makes its appearance to consummate the revolution. Every act of rebellion expresses a nostalgia for innocence and an appeal to the essence of being. But one day nostalgia takes up arms and assumes the responsibility of total guilt; in other words, adopts murder and violence.
Charlotte Eriksson|I have hopein who I am becoming.I have belief in every scar and disgraceful wordI have ever spokenor been toldbecause it is still teaching meand I have hope in who I am becoming.They say it takes 756 days to run to someone you loveand they also say that the only romance worth fighting foris the one with yourselfand I know by nowthat they say a lot of things,people talking everywherewithout saying a word,but if it took me all those years to learn myselfor teach myselfhow to look into the mirrorwithout breaking itI know for a fact that it was a fight worth fighting.I stood up for my own head and so did my heartand we are coming to terms with ourselves.Shaking hands, saying ”let’s make this workfor we have places to goand people to seeand we will need each other”So I have hopein who I am becoming.It’s Julyand I have hope in who I am becoming.
G.A. Henty|You are all soldiers of Christ," he said, "and now is an opportunity given to you to show that you are worthy soldiers. When the troops of a worldly monarch go into battle they do so with head erect, with proud and resolute bearing, with flashing eye, and with high courage, determined to bear aloft his banner and to crown it with victory, even though it cost them their lives. Such is the mien that soldiers of Christ should bear in the mortal strife now raging round us. Let them show the same fearlessness of death, the same high courage, the same unlimited confidence in their Leader. What matter if they die in His service? He has told them what their work should be. He has bidden them visit the sick and comfort the sorrowing. What if there be danger in the work? Did He shrink from the Cross which was to end His work of love, and is it for His followers to do so? 'Though you go down into the pit,' He has said, 'I am there also'; and with His companionship one must be craven indeed to tremble. This is a noble opportunity for holding high the banner of Christ. There is work to be done for all, and as the work is done, men should see by the calm courage, the cheerfulness, and the patience of those that do it, that they know that they are doing His work, and that they are content to leave the issue, whatever it be, in His hands.
Rainer Maria Rilke|And children are still the way you were ...as a child, sad and happy in just the same way and if you think of your childhood, you once again live among them, among the solitary children, and the grownups are nothing, and their dignity has no value.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Because you’re beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence.' A brief awkward silence ensued. Augustus plowed through: 'I mean, particularly given that, as you so deliciously pointed out, all of this will end in oblivion and everything.
Jeff Hutchins, Denton the Dragon in Tales of Bubbleland|If you ever meet someone who thinks they are so special, the best thing to do is smile. You don’t have to say anything. Be friendly and then go doyour best. That will make you special, too!
Anthony Liccione|Today can be better than the worse of yesterdays, but tomorrow can never replace the best of yesterdays.
Jed McKenna|The you that you think of as you (and that thinks of you as you, and so on) is not you, it’s just the character that the underlying truth of you is dreaming into existence. Enlightenment isn’t in the character, it’s in the underlying truth.
Isabel Wilkerson, The Warmth of Other Suns: The Epic Story of America's Great Migration|From Louisiana, he followed the hyphens in the road that blurred together toward a faraway place, bridging unrelated things as hyphens do.
Sam Crescent, Ugly|LOGAN: I’ve come to learn that people are going to hate you and like you, no matter what. I’d rather be around people I want to be around.
Václav Havel|The point I am trying to make is that words are a mysterious, ambiguous, ambivalent, and perfidious phenomenon. They can be rays of light in a realm of darkness. . . . They can equally be lethal arrows. Worst of all, at times they can be one or the other. They can even be both at once!
Judith Butler|Even if it turns out that time travel is impossible, it is important that we understand why it is impossible.
V.E. Schwab, A Conjuring of Light|It is an arrogant man that thinks himself a god.And an arrogant god, thought Tieren, looking to the window, that thinks himself a man.
Wess Stafford|I spend half my time comforting the afflicated, and the other half afflicting the comfortable.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|We want to look desirable. We want others to want to mate with us. No different than a colorful peacock. When girls dress up for their night out at the club, they are doing what all animals do when they try to make themselves desirable for a potential mate. That's the whole point behind the fashion, perfume, cosmetics, diet, and plastic surgery industries.
Frank McCourt|My interesting diet tips are eat early and don't nosh between meals. I mean, I can pack it away.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When a state is afraid of the journalists, it means that that state is definitely doing some secret devilish things!
Eraldo Banovac|An unsolved problem bothers one's mind, just as a small stone in the shoe,until an idea for solving the problem comes to mind.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|For all his clever ideas, Maven has nothing to say to this. He just stares, his breath coming in tiny, scared puffs. I know the look on his face; I wear it every time I’m forced to say good-bye to someone. “It’s too bad we didn’t stay longer,” I murmur, looking out at the river. “I would have liked to die close to home.” Another breeze sends a curtain of my hair across my face but Maven brushes it away and pulls me close with startling fero
Dada Bhagwan|When one has no fear of insults, no one will insult him; that is the rule. The ‘transactions’ will continue as long as there is fear. The moment fear is gone, the transactions will end.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|At a stage in life, you learn to talk less. That is, let your works do the talking. Hence, work hard in silence. The evidence will be clear for all to see.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|They made a major mistake," he blurted out, "the dumb bastards, when they didn't start by killing you first.""Benjamin Thomas Parish, that was the sweetest and most bizarre compliment anyone's ever given me."I kissed him on the cheek. He kissed me on the mouth."You know," I whispered, "a year ago, I would have sold my soul for that."He shook his head. "Not worth it." And, for one-ten thousandth of a second, all of it fell away, the despair and grief and anger and pain and hunger, and the old Ben Parish rose from the dead. The eyes that impaled. The smile that slayed. In another moment, he would fade, slide back into the new Ben, the one called Zombie, and I understood something I hadn't before: He was dead, the object of my schoolgirl desires, just as the schoolgirl who desired him was dead.
William Barrett, Irrational Man: A Study in Existential Philosophy|The deflation, or flattening out, of values in Modern art does not necessarily indicate an ethical nihilism. Quite the contrary; in opening our eyes to the rejected elements of existence, art may lead us to a more complete and less artificial celebration of the world.
نزار قباني|I thought, possibly, that what I really needed was to go where nobody knew me and start over again, with none of my previous decisions, conversations, or expectations coming with me.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|A kitten is, in the animal world, what a rosebud is in the garden.
James Taranto|The American people are fed up...with political posturing.' True, but also an example of political posturing.
Nicholas Carr, The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains|To remain vital, culture must be renewed in the minds of the members of every generation. Outsource memory, and culture withers.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|They support freedom for themselves and slavery for everyone else, and they use the freedom of the market to disguise this fact. Economic coercion is just a different form of force, which they couple with the fraud of calling it freedom. I was like them, but I will never be like them again.
Tamora Pierce, Daja's Book|What good is magic, if you can't use it to help people?
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|No one loves me, - no one cares for me, but you, mother.
Jean Kerr|I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep. That's deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas?
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|Abelard to Heloise – Banish me, therefore, for ever from your heart – it is the best advice I can give, for the remembrance of a person we have loved guiltily can not be hurtful, whatever advances we may have made in the way of virtue.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|There is ample evidence that confirmation bias permeates throughout investors' decisions. For example, once an investor likes a stock, he is likely to seek out information that validates that stock. In a 2010 study, researchers showed that investors used message boards to seek out information that validated rather than challenged, stocks they owned (Park et al. 2010). If we own a stock, we tend to look for anything that validates our decision to buy it, and to reinforce why we should keep holding it.
Geoffrey Wood|When young, the humans are all Imagination because Memory is so much smaller a part of their experience, so little of them is grounded in it. As they grow older, however, Memory overtakes their Imagination, outweighs it. But when they pray with ever increasing confidence, they see with an ever-increasing and youthful Imagination and such burgeoning of possibility causes even their Memory to be lightened and redeemed. The scales fall from their eyes and they wait on their Father with the same childlike wonder that watches a sunrise to see what might happen this time.
Solange nicole|There's nothing more devastating in a marriage than when a spouse puts their work, their desires above their partner's heart.
Vera Nazarian, Northanger Abbey and Angels and Dragons|For, what is order without common sense, but Bedlam’s front parlor? What is imagination without common sense, but the aspiration to out-dandy Beau Brummell with nothing but a bit of faded muslin and a limp cravat? What is Creation without common sense, but a scandalous thing without form or function, like a matron with half a dozen unattached daughters?And God looked upon the Creation in all its delightful multiplicity, and saw that, all in all, it was quite Amiable.
Allie Burke|Writing is the voices inside our heads, our minds, the creativity that exists for us to, from nothing, create alternate worlds, manipulate a personality or to introduce a new kind of love, a new kind of hate or pain or happiness or wonder or... anything we want. Through words, we can do, we can be anything we want.
G.K. Chesterton, Saint Francis of Assisi|There is a level of consciousness between sleeping and fully wakening when the worries of the day have not settled upon us; the body is stilled, and the senses wholly receptive. If the sun is bright, there is pure silence, or the birds are beginning to sing, this shining level of consciousness can come to be the nearest we will get to paradise this side of our quietus, Every day should begin so, This is no dream. This is the reality. The world outside is beautiful. We do our best to hide it. We cover it. We push it father back. The ugliness we make ourselves. We originate our own worries. We put on our own shackles; build our prisons. We can only glimpse the golden reality, briefly, through our tiny barred windows.
John  Myer, John Myer: A Collection of his Sermons and Writing, #1|History has seen many who claim to be deliverer and saviour of the people. They might come with force and violence and parade their might and splendour as conquerors. The pharaohs of Egypt, Sennacherib king of Assyria, Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon, Darius of Persia, Alexander the Great, Hannibal, Napoleon, Clive of India, Bismarck, the Kaiser, Hitler, Stalin. The story and scene is always the same. They claim to deliver the people from bondage and to establish justice, freedom and peace. They come in might, riding in splendour, dragging prisoners.
Roger Crawford|What kind of tea do you want?""There´s more than one kind of tea?...What do you have?""Let´s see... Blueberry, Raspberry, Ginseng, Sleepytime, Green Tea, Green Tea with Lemon, Green Tea with Lemon and Honey, Liver Disaster, Ginger with Honey, Ginger Without Honey, Vanilla Almond, White Truffle Coconut, Chamomile, Blueberry Chamomile, Decaf Vanilla Walnut, Constant Comment and Earl Grey."-"I.. Uh...What are you having?... Did you make some of those up?
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|I feel the reason we are all here, our purpose of being, is to help others find their little piece of happiness and heaven right here on earth...
Ambrose Bierce|To me, it is clear that we exist in a plan which is governed by rules that were created, shaped by a universal intelligence and not by chance.
Peggy Toney Horton|Life is like music on a scale, shifting up and down. When your life is over, your song has been written.
Orrin Woodward|Men's Leadership Success Formula: Get up, Show up, Man up, Mentor up, and Move up!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A great problem in America is that we have an anemic and watered-down Christianity that has produced an anemic, watered-down, and spineless Christian who is not willing to stand up and be counted on every issue.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|Forbearance in the face of fate, beauty constant under torture, are not merely passive. They are a positive achievement, an explicit triumph.
Robert Henri|Instead of chasing the idea of truth, what we should be doing is embracing the medium of drawing and using it for a purpose that fulfils our needs as an artist or designer.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Mrs. Joe war eine sehr reinliche Hausfrau, doch sie verstand sich ausnehmend gut darauf, ihre Reinlichkeit bequemer und unerträglicher zu machen, als jeder Schmutz gewesen wäre. Die Reinlichkeit ist der Gottesfurcht verwandt, und manche verfahren mit ihrer Religion ganz genauso.
Hermann Hesse|É muito mais lisonjeiro,(...)lutar-se por alguma coisa bela e ideal e saber ao mesmo tempo que não se conseguirá alcançá-la. Os ideais serão algo que se possa alcançar? Viveremos para cabar com a morte? Não, viveremos para temê-la e também para amá-la, e precisamente por causa da morte é que nossa vida vez por outra resplandece tão radiosa num belo instante.
Jean Paul|I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop.
Frank Lee|A bitter awareness that everything is a sensation of mine and at the same time something external, something not in my power to change. Ah, how often my own dreams have raised up before me as things, not to replace reality but to declare themselves its equal
Manuel Corazzari|reading books is great, reading pictures much better, especially those that shows you the future
Natalie Goldberg|I have made it a rule of my life to trust a man long after other people gave him up, but I don't see how I can ever trust any human being again.
Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?|the centre is missing, but we cannot stop searching for it or positing it. It is not that there is nothing there - it is that what is there is not capable of exercising responsibility
Lucky Blue Smith|When I'm living in the world of luxury and celebrity, which is where I found myself for a large part of my life, it's a walk-on part. Not a vital necessity, like it is for so many people. I enjoy it but I can see right through it!
R.A. Salvatore, Streams of Silver|The one plentiful herds of magazine writers would continue to be culled - by the Internet, by the recession, by the American public, who would rather watch TV or play video games or electronically inform friends that, like, 'rain sucks!' But there's no app for a bourbon buzz on a warm day in a cool, dark bar. The world will always want a drink.
Thaddeus White, The Adventures of Sir Edric|The elf was armed with a bow, a sword, and an overwhelming sense of his own importance.
Raleigh Trevelyan, Sir Walter Raleigh : Being a True and Vivid Account of the Life and Times of the Explorer, Soldier, Scholar, Poet, and Courtier--The Controversial Hero of the Elizabethian Age|...Raleigh was later to write, after a duel the hangman was the one who bestowed the garland on the victor.
Werley Nortreus|When i dated someone, my goal is to marry her, i date to get married one day, i don't date a girl just to have sex and leave her, why wasting your time if the goal is not to get married?
Anthony Liccione|There are a world of answers, outside the loop.
Patricia McCormick, Cut|Look. I have a strategy. Why expect anything? If you don’t expect anything, you don’t get disappointed.
Antonin Scalia|We cannot reform institutional racism or systemic policies if we are not actively engaged. It's not enough to simply complain about injustice; the only way to prevent future injustice is to create the society we would like to see, one where we are all equal under the law.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The voice incessantly quelled in the chorus of human voices will always be the voice of God. And given a reality of this magnitude, I would be well advised to cease my babbling and encourage those around me to do the same.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Mirror Dance|Modern warfare wasn't supposed to have this much blood in it. The weapons were supposed to cook everyone neatly, like eggs in their shells. (Mark Vorkosigan's first experience with warfare, on seeing Miles Vorkosigan splattered before him)
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Many parents have discovered, perhaps with some guilt, that they can read a story to a child while thinking of something else.
Meg Rosoff, The Bride's Farewell|She was the one who wanted to be with him, the one who watched and waited for him, who felt his absence badly.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Frank heard a laugh behind him. He glanced back and couldn't believe what he saw. Nico di Angelo was actually smiling."That's more like it," Nico said. "Let's turn this tide!
Nicole Gulla|But in the end of our love story,We are on the same page.
Lydia Thornton|Sometimes there’s a fire in your life and you ask God,“Lord, let me go around the fire.” And God says, “No.”Then you ask, “Lord, then let me go over the fire.”And God says, “No.” Then you ask, “Well Lord, please let me go under the fire.” And God says, “No. Go through the fire and I’ll be with you.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|Dammit, why isn’t there a book with the answers in it?
Hannibal Lecture|Everywhere I go, I kind of half stumble, half stomp. If there’s a balcony within a hundred feet of me at any given time, I am on it— smoking a Marlboro light 100 and complaining about something.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|The feeling that she had never really lived in this world caught her by surprise. It was a fact. She had never lived. Even as a child, as far back as she could remember, she had never done nothing but endure. She had believed in her own inherent goodness, her humanity, and lived accordingly, never causing anyone harm.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Promise me, Amelie, that you’ll crucify me with silver before you allow me to fall in love.”“I hardly think there’s any chance of that,” Amelie said. "I doubt you have the capacity.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|If you examine your motive for doing anything, you'll soon discover that your reason is that you believe it will make you happy.
Nikki Reed|I did play other sports growing up. I played cricket and all those other things, but I was just so much more talented in golf, and that's all I wanted to do.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|The right reason and motive for success, while pursued in the right way, will trigger divine support, human celebration and personal fulfillment because the endeavor becomes bigger than oneself.
Mary Balogh, Simply Magic|We are not such fools as to pay for reading inferior books, when we can read superior books for nothing.
Eric Berlin, The Puzzling World of Winston Breen|Winston Breen was solving a puzzle, but then Winston Breen was always solving a puzzle.
Conor Oberst|In today's YouTube world, are officers reluctant to get out of their cars and do the work that controls violent crime? Are officers answering 911 calls but avoiding the informal contact that keeps bad guys from standing around, especially with guns?
Mehmet Murat ildan|If our life is a dream, let it continue; who wants the reality? If our life is a reality, let it continue; who wants the dream? Unknown is unreliable!
Robert  Black|When I label something as fiction, people say it’s true, and when I label something as non-fiction, people say it is made up. If something is not 100% true, then I label it as fiction. After all, there is no half of a lie, is there?
Richard Atcheson|Arguing with my wife is like this: "I came! I saw! I concurred!"
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the storm’s of life, you can survive by grace, faith and hope.
Mark Frost, The Secret History of Twin Peaks|Hasan Pasha also gave the green light for Turks and Greeks to take whatever action they pleased against any Albanians they found: killing them was not a crime. Continuing his march, he executed all the Albanians he encountered, setting fire to a monastery where other were hiding and offering five sequins for every Albanian head brought him.
Dave Rudbarg|Healing is not healed.Numbed is not healed.Healing takes time.Healing takes patience.Healing takes love.Healing sometimes triggers anger or sadness or sorrow or guilt or regret.Long suppressed.Long unaddressedSo we make up that healing is wrong,useless and to be avoidedAnd we head back to numbingAnd look for love and connectionWith the numbed and suppressed,unaddressed and repressed...Give space for the damageGive space for the healingLet the healing begin and begin and begin.........
Damian Wampler, Sevara: Dawn of Hope|All those rhythms, all those songs, all those wonderful glorious magnificent voices inside her began to sing.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|I couldn't help thinking how well Cain had prospered after killing his brother: he founded the first city--and, although we don't like to talk about it all that much, we are all his children.
Paul Bloom, How Pleasure Works: The New Science of Why We Like What We Like|So, I’m a bear,” she explains, eyeing us all. “Wait? Is Issie something?”“Nope,” Issie pouts. “All human. All the time.”“The coolest human ever,” Devyn says, reaching down and ruffling her hair.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|I don't care if you say we can't be together. I don't care if you think I'm the most evil, unnatural creature walking on earth. You can think whatever you want, go whatever you want. I'm going to just go on loving you, even if it's hopeless.
Vivian Vande Velde|You are kind, caring and intrinsically good. I am hateful, vengeful and intrinsically evil.
Silvia Hartmann|The Presence of the demon keeps the chakra from doing its job, but that challenge also forces us to bring more awareness to that job, so eventually we can do it better.
John Delaney|I think that there have been a lot of fear-based assertions that feminism is about aggression, and that is incorrect and untrue. Feminism is about equality; that's what it's about.
|lonely, vaguely pedophilic swing set seeks the butts of children
Ziggy Marley|I just got into the Beatles a couple of years ago, you know, I like it.
Steven Millhauser, Dangerous Laughter|Summer was on the way; Jem and I awaited it with impatience. Summer was our best season: it was sleeping on the back screened porch in cots, or trying to sleep in the tree house; summer was everything good to eat; it was a thousand colors in a parched landscape; but most of all, summer was Dill.
Surgeo Bell|Real Men can commit to 1 person. Only boys are "Players", pimps usually get lock up or die at the end of movies, & dogs catch fleas!
Simon Holt, The Devouring|Good.I need you to be scared.Very,very scared.And then you'll never be scared again.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|Well? Is it true? Did she?""Did she what?""You know. Fall outta the crazy tree and hit every branch on the way down?
Rachel Vincent, Stray|Okay, time to get serious. I let my smile fade slowly and lowered my pitch, as no human woman could have. “I’m not joking this time. If I see it, it’s mine, and you won’t get it back at the end of the school year.” I growled, deep and long, savoring the feel of the vibrations in my throat, as if the sound alone could save me. It wasn’t quite a cat’s growl but it was damn close. And it was his last warning.Miguel dismissed my threat with an easy smile, and my stomach clenched. Oh, yeah, Faythe. You have Puss shaking in his boots, all right.
Ted Cruz|The great Comrade Kim Jong Il was an outstanding leader who, true to the President's great idea, developed Chongryon into a pacesetter of patriotism, into a model of patriotic loyalty to the motherland, and into a prototype body of overseas compatriots.
Sarah Winman, A Year of Marvellous Ways|And they held on tight to that beautiful silent moment before words transported them to the realm of the ordinary, to the realm of the inarticulate and mundane.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|The waitress serving the wedding party was a short young blonde. She took their orders efficiently and delivered everyone’s food correctly. "If only she knew my story," Melora mused. then she thought again, "Better yet, maybe she’s in the middle of her own story." Who knew what things might have happened already on the island to this typical college-age waitress.
Dominic Stevenson, Unsavory Elements: Stories of Foreigners on the Loose in China|Put 'em who threaten possessions and power together with 'em who offend our tastes in sex and dope. Those who're touched, put 'em in asylums. Pack off old ones to 'senior communities,' nursing homes. Our children? Keep'em prisoner, baby-sitter as warden. School? Good for fifteen to twenty years. Army afterward. Liberated, we live in prison. No this, no that. Kill us before we die!
Bill Blais|But here, two thousand miles from home, there was a real shipwreck, a real hope. A choice big enough to change our lives forever.
Julia Restoin Roitfeld|Not everyone can be successful selling fashion at $25,000 for a wedding outfit. Certain designers are able to do that. And there is only a certain amount of consumers who can do that. The real opportunity is in that $25 garment.
Stephen Hawking|There is a fifth dimension, beyond that which is known to man. It is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition.
Adam Grant|Because of the failure of the federal government to enforce federal law, we now have 'banks too big to fail,' unregulated Internet monopoly, and the evisceration of a dispersed and independent media.
Thomas Henry Huxley|Science is nothing but trained and organized common sense, differing from the latter only as a veteran may differ from a raw recruit: and its methods differ from those of common sense only as far as the guardsman's cut and thrust differ from the manner in which a savage wields his club.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|Liraz snorted, caught off guard, and the tension between them ebbed away. "I'm sorry of my almost dying interrupted your almost kissing.
Isaac Asimov, Prelude to Foundation|Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth, but supreme beauty—a beauty cold and austere, like that of sculpture, without appeal to any part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trappings of painting or music, yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the greatest art can show.
Samuel Adams|If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquillity of servitude than the animating contest of freedom, — go from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains sit lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen
Dannielle Wicks, Fading Away|He runs his hands up my back and into my hair, pulling me closer. I lose myself in the feel of his body against mine and the way his soft lips coax mine to life. Almost without thinking, I wrap my arms around his warm waist.
Mark Twain|The Church is not a gallery for the exhibition of eminent Christians, but a school for the education of imperfect ones.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|I consider everything that happened to be precious moments of my life.The pain.The suffering.The fun…And I am here right now, because everyone was there for me.I couldn’t have accomplished anything by standing still, without anybody’s help.I treasure every moment I have spent here.Unlucky?I feel pretty lucky.This is my resolve.”-Sawada Tsunayoshi-
Lia Davis|He had golden-brown hair, the most vivid baby-blue eyes, and a body that belonged on the cover of Men’s Health magazine. Her gaze roamed over his broad shoulders and down his chest.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I will go to the Ring of Sacred Volcanoes, but I shall go not as a member of the MacHeath clan — no, I shall go as a free runner. I reject you. I deny you, I refuse and repudiate you as my clan.
Samantha Young, Hero|He had to escape. He had to go and become a hero, the way he had been once.
Tariq Ramadan|The urge to miniaturize electronics did not exist before the space program. I mean our grandparents had radios that was furniture in the living room. Nobody at the time was saying, 'Gee, I want to carry that in my pocket.' Which is a non-thought.
Ron Baratono|May there never be a haze over your eyes, and allow you to look at your life just the way you planned it. Through the bumps, twist and turns in your journey, let it make you wiser. Embrace life's lessons with gratitude and appreciation, and then move forward with an open heart and mind.
Santosh Kalwar|In the times of trouble, be like the strong wall. In the times of joy, be like the smiling sun.
Sonia Rumzi|It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.
D.R. Silva, It's All About Jesus: What They Never Told You in Church|Christians are famous for telling people to be "child-like" and yet one of the greatest qualities of a child (the never ending list of questions) is often discouraged.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Skin Trade|I try to be a good cop. I try to be a good little soldier and follow orders up to a point. But in the end I’m not really a cop, or a soldier. I am a legally sanctioned murderer. I am the Executioner.
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|She shook her head, her smile fading a little. “I forget you’re a rock star now. To me, you’re just Logan.”I took her hand. “That’s all I want to be.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|In the vastness of space and the immensity of time, it is my joy to share a planet and an epoch with Annie.[Dedication to Sagan's wife, Ann Druyan, in Cosmos]
Sami Abouzid|Being away from something, gives you a clear vision about it
Matthew White, Atrocities: The 100 Deadliest Episodes in Human History|I like my writing career and it's progression, I'd rather be that slow moving tide that turns a mountain into a beautiful beach for all to enjoy, rather than a flash in a pan that yields no heat.
Walter Brueggemann, An Other Kingdom: Departing the Consumer Culture|Grief is an element of aliveness and the answer to the denial the market demands of us. It is an index of our humanity. It is proof of the presence of our relatedness to each other. It is a communal practice that recognizes that choosing the wilderness of vulnerability, mystery, and anxiety was a good and life-affirming choice.
John Myrdhin Reynolds, The Practice of Guru Yoga for Padmasambhava in the Nyingmapa Tradition of Tibetan Buddhism|The world,’ he said, ‘grows hourly more and more sceptical of all that lies beyond its own narrow radius; and our men of science foster the fatal tendency. They condemn as fable all that resists experiment. They reject as false all that cannot be brought to the test of the laboratory or the dissecting-room. Against what superstition have they waged so long and obstinate a war, as against the belief of apparitions? And yet what superstition has maintained its hold upon the minds of men so long and so firmly? Show me any fact in physics, in history, in archaeology, which is supported by testimony so wide and so various. Attested by all races of men, in all ages, and in all climates, by the soberest sages of antiquity, by the rudest savage of today, by the Christian, the Pagan, the Pantheist, the Materialist, this phenomenon is treated as a nursery tale by the philosophers of our century. Circumstantial evidence weighs with them as a feather in the balance. The comparison of causes with effects, however valuable in physical science, is put aside as worthless and unreliable. The evidence of competent witnesses, however conclusive in a court of justice, counts for nothing. He who pauses before he pronounces is condemned as a trifler. He who believes, is a dreamer or a fool.
Lance Reddick|All I try to do is as earnestly and as acutely as I can, conceive a character and try to portray this character just honestly. If the humor is within the absurdity and the awfulness of situations, then let it be seen that way.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|Everyday in heat, rain or cold, I ran - alone in the woods - in the hills near our home. There I felt the gentle touch of God. I head Him whisper, 'You're stronger now. It's time to tell the truth of what happened. Tell your story to give hope to others.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|I think it’s vital. It’s odd to me because many people say we live in these awful times and we need culture and art especially in times like these, in these dire times. Well, first of all, I don’t think these times are more dire than other times. People who say that just need to go back and read Herodotus, read any book of history, read a biography of Attila the Hun. If people are going to wring their hands over these troubled times, I would think that humor should be indispensable. I find it strange that –at least in my take on it—the people who are the most alarmed about the dire times we live in are the ones who seem to be humorless, in their taste for poetry anyway. Humor is just an ingredient.
Jennifer Murgia, Angel Star|hanging out the window, Amber blew her a kiss. a lump the size of a fist clogged Heather's throat, while a breeze from th sea pushed her thick hair away from her face. tears trickled unchecked down her cheeks. 
Jenn McKinlay, Red Velvet Revenge|Tate and Marty exchanged indignant looks. Tate pointed to the kitchen door behind Marty, then hooked a thumb at the back door and gave Marty a nod. Before Mel could figure out what they were up to, they were both lying on the floor of the kitchen, blocking the exits.	“What is this? Occupy Fairy Tale Cupcakes?!” Angie asked. “What do you think you’re doing?”	“We’re in protest mode.” Tate said. “We’re going to limp and we’re going to lie here until you agree to let us come along.”	“Are you kidding me?” Mel asked. “What if I don’t give in? Are you going to hold your breath until you turn blue?”	She watched Tate lift his head and look at Marty. He raised his eyebrows in silent question, and Marty gave him a small nod.	“Thanks for the idea,”	The kitchen door slammed into his side, and Marty grunted but still held his ground. The kitchen door didn’t budge.	“Hey, the door is stuck,” Oz yelled from the other side.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|One of the first lessons I learned in working life was that you don't need to like every one of your colleagues, and they don't need to like you either. You just have to respect them, and getting their respect in return.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can live out our lives, and in the end realize that we never really ‘lived’ a day in our lives.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Hostel is one phase in a man's life that teaches him what Indian mothers fail to teach their children despite the use of potential weapons like rolling pin,broom stick, wiper so on and henceforth. Who knows if you are luckier, you might just experience your bachelorhood as a paying guest.
Emmanuel Macron|Most Americans are fiscally conservative and socially liberal. I'm advocating a balanced budget. But along with that, look, there should be gay marriage equality. A woman should have the right to choose. Let's not build a fence across the border.
Sonya Sones, Stop Pretending: What Happened When My Big Sister Went Crazy|Ready or not, here I comeI'm so tired of this dumb game of hide and seekOlly olly oxen freeShow yourself, you're scaring meCome out, come out, where ever you areYou've taken this thing way too far
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|​The universe perceives itself through us, or to be more specific, through our neurons.
Mark Z. Danielewski, Honeysuckle & Pain|But tomorrow came faster than expected, as if the future were never somewhere else, but all along part of the fabric of every present, merely untwining itself again and again into a new distinction that could never be new again.
Martha Sherrill|I often think about dogs when I think about work and retirement. There are many breeds of dog that just need to be working, and useful, or have a job of some kind, in order to be happy. Otherwise they are neurotically barking, scratching, or tearing up the sofa. A working dog needs to work. And I am a working dog.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|She closes my door behind her and all the petty stresses of life reappear, eager to make up for lost time. I've developed a phobia of that door closing for the last time, of losing her in any way or of being lost.
Ashish Mandlik|If others are judgmental and do not appreciate your life's work, don't be dejected. Try to see the incapability of others who are unable to understand the things you understand, and appreciate the capability of seeing something which is not visible to others.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|He was going to die soon, you knew when you saw those eyes. There was no sign of life in his flesh, just the barest traces of what had once been a life. His body was like a dilapidated old house from which all furniture and fixtures have been removed and which awaited now only its final demolition.
Sebastian Barry, On Canaan's Side|I wonder if I were to have an X-ray at the little hospital, would the machine see my grief? Is it like rust, arheum about the heart?
Summer Sanders|To be honest, I don't think I'm the best role model in the world. I'm pretty immature sometimes.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|The existence of everything around me was overturned by her solid presence. I couldn't see a thing other than my girl---magnetizing me with her absolute, authoritative pull!
Erich Fromm|The analysis of the psychological motivations behind certain doctrines or ideas can never be a substitute for a rational judgment of the validity of the doctrine and of the values which it implies, although such analysis may lead to a better understanding of the real meaning of a doctrine and thereby influence one’s value judgment.What the psychological analysis of doctrines can show is the subjective motivations which make a person aware of certain problems and make him seek for answers in certain directions. Any kind of thought, true or false, if it is more than a superficial conformance with conventional ideas, is motivated by the subjective needs and interests of the person who is thinking. It happens that some interests are furthered by finding the truth, others by destroying it. But in both cases the psychological motivations are important incentives for arriving at certain conclusions. We can go even further and say that ideas which are not rooted in powerful needs of the personality will have little influence on the actions and on the whole life of the person concerned.
John Ortberg|If China's expansion into Africa and Russia's into Latin America and the former Soviet Union are any indication, Silicon Valley's ability to expand globally will be severely limited, if only because Beijing and Moscow have no qualms about blending politics and business.
Jill Shalvis, Get A Clue|He held up his hand, and in it was...	Oh, God.	The neon-pink vibrator, glowing in the dark now. It was following her, stalking her, all the way down the yellow brick road to hell.
Pope Benedict XVI|Yes, we become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, native-born and immigrant fight together to create the kind of country we all know we can become.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|Some of the choices you make might not always turn out to be the best ones, but at least you are learning as you go.
Keith H. Maitland, Difficult Customer- No Stress|There is no social stigma attached to the frenzy, no peer motivation to slow us down. Rather it is the opposite; busy is popular currency, traded among members of modern society like a precious commodity. Busy is the silkiest cloth at the emporium, the most well-travelled spice. Living with a full schedule speedily typed into a pinging, vibrating device is a highly valued state of being. And, as with any addiction, it becomes self-perpetuating. We feel a rush from being in a rush; we take pride in the breakneck pace at which we travel through our days.
Karl Barth, Evangelical Theology: An Introduction|Prejudice of any kind implies that you are identified with the thinking mind. It means you don't see the other human being anymore, but only your own concept of that human being. To reduce the aliveness of another human being to a concept is already another form of violence.
Naoto Kan|Look at what has occurred in history. When the Berlin Wall fell, it was not surprising, but it was unexpected. Who predicted the Arab Spring? Nobody expected it, but all the ingredients were there. I think all the ingredients are also there for Quebec to become a country. But when? That's another question.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|If rain is God crying, I think God is drunk and his girlfriend just slept with Zeus.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Healthy" and "diseased," as Susan Sontag points out...are often subjective judgments that society makes for its own purposes. Women have long been defined as sick as a means of subjecting them to social control.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Discrimination is discrimination, even when people claim it's 'tradition.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|And I learned what is obvious to a child. That life is simply a collection of little lives, each lived one day at a time. That each day should be spent finding beauty in flowers and poetry and talking to animals. That a day spent with dreaming and sunsets and refreshing breezes cannot be bettered.
Whittaker Chambers, Witness|In this way, the Church was a true reflection of the whole of Russian society. The KGB and the Russian people had penetrated each other to such an extent that they could not be separated. The culture of betrayal and suspicion and distrust that the KGB relied on had become part of the national culture, poisoning politics in the 1990s and beyond: decades of corruption, murder and sordid sex scandals. If it cannot purge itself, however, the Russian nation will never rid itself of the illness that has driven people to alcohol. Russians need to trust each other again.
Kirstin Leigh|I don't believe everything "is meant to be." I believe God wants to direct our steps, but our free will makes for a lot of detours.
Jennifer O'Neill, Soul DNA: Your Spiritual Genetic Code Defines Your Purpose|Unhappiness can be like a virus spreading from one person, to the next person, to the next one and so on. When someone is mean or rude to you, do not let their unhappiness infect your own life. If you are the unhappy one, please quarantine yourself so you do not infect others!
Kensington Gore, Kensington Gore's Diary: Another Year Closer To Death|You know, sex at seventy-six is getting very dangerous for my health ... since I live at seventy-nine!
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|The icon of the Bible as God's textbook for the world is as bankrupt as the idea that it stands for, of religious faith as absolute black-and-white certainty. Just as the cultural icon of the flag often becomes a substitute for patriotism, and just as the cultural icon of the four-wheel-drive truck often becomes a substitute for manly independence and self-confidence, so the cultural icon of the Bible often becomes a substitute for a vital life of faith, which calls not for obedient adherence to clear answers but thoughtful engagement with ultimate questions. The Bible itself invites that kind of engagement. The iconic image of it as a book of answers discourages it.
Dave Eggers, Zeitoun|In America, Walt Disney opened an amusement park.And in Florence, someone was savaging the remnants of a Tuscan nobleman’s family.
Dule Hill|When I was writing 'The Abstinence Teacher,' I really tried to immerse myself in contemporary American evangelical culture.
R. Alan Woods, John Wimber: Naturally Supernatural|The classic Aryan who idolized himself and who existed in his own dreams could not bear to see the Jew, the evidence of divine reality,and he would kill him.
Mehmet Murat ildan|On the matters where your country is wrong, don’t take side with your country! Because it is always wrong to be on the side of wrong!
Anne Frank|She has her helmet, shield and sword. Does she finish him or take pity on the gutless thing before her?Does she set fire and smoke him out, forcing him to fight, or does she let him live with himself and take satisfaction from knowing that he has never been in a real fight in his life and that one day he will have to face his demons in person, along with the consequences, and that both can be far more painful than anything she could ever do to him.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion|For if we see that the sun, in sending forth its rays upon the earth, to generate, cherish, and invigorate its offspring, in a manner transfuses its substance into it, why should the radiance of the Spirit be less in conveying to us the communion of his flesh and blood? Wherefore the Scripture, when it speaks of our participation with Christ, refers its whole efficacy to the Spirit. Instead of many, one passage will suffice. Paul, in the Epistle to the Romans (Rom. 8:9-11), shows that the only way in which Christ dwells in us is by his Spirit. By this, however, he does not take away that communion of flesh and blood of which we now speak, but shows that it is owing to the Spirit alone that we possess Christ wholly, and have him abiding in us.
Catherine Anderson, Always in My Heart|It’s at that exact second I realize—in a rush, like a wave crashing all around me—I have fallen in love. I am head over heels in love with Chase Gartner.
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|I think we place the wrong emphasis upon examples, that we're treading on very weak ground when we set ourselves up as examples for others to become religious. If people are going to look at me for religious guidance, then I think they're looking in the wrong place.
Yvonne Woon, Dead Beautiful|One of the saddest things in life, is the things one remembers.
Harry Truman|Where justice if negotiable, filthiness becomes delectable
Harry Turtledove, In the Balance|I’ve always wondered though,” Orn mused aloud, “what does God need with a starship?”“Are you going to make that stupid quip every time we pass a missionary ship?”“Until they learn a new position.
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|She watched him for a long moment, an adorably annoyed frown wrinkling her forehead. "You're obnoxious when you're right.
Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest|We pay a heavy, very heavy price for the superhuman dignity of our calling. The ridiculous is always so near to the sublime. And the world, usually so indulgent to foibles, hates ours instinctively.
Roman Reigns|I guess the news is this: If you're a Republican and you smile, liberals don't like it. Maybe that's because Democrats are afraid that I've been able to show an optimistic vision for this country.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|In India we're fighting to retain a wilderness that we have. Whereas in the west, it's gone. Every person that's walking down the street is a walking bar code. You can tell where their clothes are from, how much they cost, which designer made which shoe, which shop you bought each item from. Everything is civilized and tagged and valued and numbered and put in it's place. Whereas in India, the wilderness still exists-the unindoctrinated wilderness of the mind, full of untold secrets and wild imaginings.
Steven Pinker|War is a form of really bad manners, in a strange way. Invading a country I think is just the worst possible manners. 'You're not invited!' Gate crashing on a large scale!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When religion starts within human being? Unless the divine consciousness of the body being manifested pours grace on the seer religion will not start. This divine consciousness takes the form of a living human being and as God-the-preceptor appears in the body in 12 years 4 months age, though it is individualistic.
Sandra Bullock|The vast majority of large scale change efforts fail. Which means that the probability that you have actually experienced a failure, and your people know that and are pessimistic, therefore, about trying something again, is very high.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|After you clean your subconscious, you can insert new beliefs into your mind otherwise your old beliefs can sabotage the new ones.
Oksana Rus|A silent velvet footstep filled me, unwelcome yet so needed. You finally found my hidden shore with grains of time and ocean of the most secret secrets, violet and red; left a trail of deep blue footsteps on my glowing beach of soul, and no matter how many times tides wash the golden sand anew, your prints can never be erased. Each one a shining star in my quiet Universe...
Michael Pollan|You always fed strays and bent down to talk to the dogs you met on the street, looking straight into their eyes as if they were old friends. (Maybe they are, you said. From another life.) You liked to go to the pound and look at them. You tried to send them messages of comfort. I couldn’t go because I started crying the one time I tried. All those eyes and the barks like sobs.
Condoleezza Rice|A beam or pillar can be used to batter down a city wall, but it is no good for stopping up a little hole - this refers to a difference in function. Thoroughbreds like Qiji and Hualiu could gallop a thousand li in one day, but when it came to catching rats they were no match for the wildcat or the weasel - this refers to a difference in skill. The horned owl catches fleas at night and can spot the tip of a hair, but when daylight comes, no matter how wide it opens its eyes, it cannot see a mound or a hill - this refers to a difference in nature. Now do you say, that you are going to make Right your master and do away with Wrong, or make Order your master and do away with Disorder? If you do, then you have not understood the principle of heaven and earth or the nature of the ten thousand things. This is like saying that you are going to make Heaven your master and do away with Earth, or make Yin your master and do away with Yang. Obviously it is impossible.
Dorothy Allison, Trash: Stories|Before I published any of my own stories, I read a great many stories by people as passionate about writing as I was, and I learned something from everyone I read -- something most important what I should not try to write.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|But Lao Tzu’s teaching suffers from the major problem endemic to such visionaries. In the intervening two and a half millennia, his words have been misinterpreted and distorted by generations of adherents until his message is riddled with meaningless ritual and dogma. Taoism contracted the conceptual plague: it became a religion.
Steven Chopade|Depend on the Source, not the extensions (people) and you'll have the REAL life.
Jennifer Estep, Cold Burn of Magic|What I can make people do . . . it’s not what they want to do. It may sound corny, but I want people to like me for me, not because I can force them to or because of who my mom is or who I am in the Family. You know?”He raised his green gaze to my blue one. “That’s one of the things I like about you, Lila. You don’t care about any of that.”“Just one of the things?” I teased, trying to make him laugh a little, just so he’d forget his guilt and grief, if only for a few moments.“Just one.” His voice took on a low, husky note. “I could list all the others, if you want.”My gaze locked with his and my soulsight kicked in, showing me all of his emotions. And I felt them, too—more intensely than I ever had before. His heart still ached with that soul-crushing guilt, and it always would. But that hot spark I’d seen inside him that first day at the Razzle Dazzle had finally ignited into a roaring fire, burning as hot and bright as my own emotions were right now.Devon hesitated, then leaned in, just a little. My breath caught in my throat.He inched forward a little more. I wet my lips.He came even closer, so close that his warm breath brushed my cheek and his scent flooded my nose, that sharp, fresh tang of pine. Clean and crisp, just like he was, inside and out. I sighed. Suddenly, my hands itched to touch him, to trace my fingers over the sharp planes of his face, and then slide them lower, over all of his warm, delicious muscles . . .“Lila,” he whispered.I shivered, loving the sound of my name on his lips—lips that were heartbreakingly close to mine—
Len Peters|In business, it is better to be consistently bad than inconsistent.
Douglas Rushkoff|I live making comics. Comics is an industrial art but less suffering, because comics are for young people who are more adventurous. I do that. I live off comics, and then I write books, but when you want movies, you cannot make movies without money.
Hanna Martine, Drowning in Fire|A surge of emotion washed over him, took him under. He was helpless against it, flailing, gasping for air. Drowning in her.
John Paul Warren|God has certainly not called us to throw our brains out the window as an appropriate response to His Grace".R. Alan Woods [2012]
Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked|I will insist you be man enough to take it. I won’t have you making light of my feelings, or making light of yourself—as if you’re not worthy of them. Because you are worthy, Colin. You’re a generous, good-hearted person, and you deserve to be loved. Deeply, truly, well, and often.”He looked utterly bewildered. Well, what did he expect, after the power he’d given her? He couldn’t compare a woman to a torrentially beautiful monsoon, and then look surprised that he’d gotten wet. “You reckless man.” She laid a touch to his cheek. “You really should be more careful with those compliments.
William Zinsser|I grow grandiose, which is a good sign I should become prosaic.
Jack Kilby|There's so much free material on the Internet you can learn from, and some people are pure self-starters: they pick up computers and teach themselves everything. Certainly there are millions of people like that. But at the same time, I think it's a pretty small percentage of the population.
Allura Eshmun|We always wanna fight about what we think are our differences, but really we are fighting contrasts of the same.
Heather Wolf, A Snowy Day|Kindness is like a warm blanket of snow, softly covering and gently touching the heart.
Jasper Rules|Dad's death didn't hollow me out the way Helen's had. After all, everyone had assumed Dad was a goner back when he got kicked in the head as a child. Instead, he had cheated death and, despite his gimp and speech impediment, lived a long life doing pretty much what he wanted. He hadn't drawn the best of cards, but he'd played his hand darned well, so what was there to grieve over?
Lionel Tiger, Optimism: The Biology of Hope|There is a tendency for humans to consciously see what they wish to see. They literally have difficulty seeing things with negative connotations while seeing with increasing ease items that are positive. For example, words that evoke anxiety, either because of an individual's personal history or because of experimental manipulation, require greater illumination before first being perceived.
Anne Frank|Looking good and feeling good go hand in hand. If you have a healthy lifestyle, your diet and nutrition are set, and you're working out, you're going to feel good.
Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love|violence is an evil thing, but when the guns are all in the hands of the men without respect for human rights, then men are really in trouble.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|There are no regrets in life, only experiences. Every experience helps us to be what we can be.
Ted Lange|In the first place, our faith ought to lay hold on Christ as God and man in that nature by which He has been made our neighbor, kinsman, and brother.
Francis A. Schaeffer, Pollution & the Death of Man|Yet as human beings we have to accept-with humility-that the question of ultimate origins will always remain with us, no matter how deeply we understand the brain and the cosmos that it creates.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|Faithfulness imparts God's reason for all circumstances. No matter what the world says, losing is no longer an option.
Mark Twain|Nature has no originality--I mean, no large ability in the matter of inventing new things, new ideas, new stage effects. She has a superb and amazing and infinitely varied equipment of old ones, but she never adds to them. She repeats--repeats--repeats--repeats. Examine your memory and your experience; you will find it is true.
Angie karan|You are loved, and you are worthy! Remember your wholeness. Within you is the spark of the Divine. Let go of negative self-talk and let LOVE heal you.
Kathy Lyons, The Bear Who Loved Me|If he'd cut off his right arm to make her happy, then how much harder could it be to cut out his heart?
Sarra Manning, You Don't Have to Say You Love Me|But Neve, you can’t start a book and leave it halfway through,’ he’d said implacably. ‘It’s almost as bad as turning down the corner of the page, instead of using a bookmark.
Fuyumi Ono, 魔性の子 [Mashō no Ko]|Literacy is a right, not a privilege.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|I mean, really. Who sends their kid to boarding school? It's so Hogwarts. Only mine doesn't have cute boy wizards or magic candy or flying lessons.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|The library refused many downloads, of course, but I succeeded with two Optimists translated from the Late English, Orwell and Huxley;
Erik Erikson|I learned patience, perseverance, and dedication. Now I really know myself, and I know my voice. It's a voice of pain and victory.
Steve Maraboli|Israelis cannot be blamed for the conflicts and civilians casualties nor do the Palestinians. We can argue endlessly about it, the only one that can be blamed for this lasting battle is the Saudis fueling the conflicts for enduring their supremacy in the Arab world.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|Order and disorder', said the speaker, 'they each have their beauty.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|In my heart, I am American, and I believe I have a free will and can take charge of my own destiny.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|The same goes for Edward Monkford. Yes, based on what you've told me, it seems Emma was the real narcissist, not him. But there's no doubting he's an extreme controller. What happens when a controller comes up against someone who's out of control? The combination could be explosive.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|True spiritual virtues can have no opposite, but they can wear masks and costumes.Joy often masquerades as anger; innocence often dresses up as guilt; lovepretends to be fear. At the end of the day, we discover that we don’t need tobe fearful of these internal monsters—we simply need to unmask them.
Slavoj Žižek|Some of the owner men were kind because they hated what they had to do, and some of them were angry because they hated to be cruel, and some of them were cold because they had long ago found that one could not be an owner unless one were cold. And all of them were caught in something larger than themselves. Some of them hated the mathematics that drove them, and some were afraid, and some worshiped the mathematics because it provided a refuge from thought and from feeling. If a bank or a finance company owned the land, the owner man said, The Bank - or the Company - needs - wants - insists - must have - as though the Bank or the Company were a monster, with thought and feeling, which had ensnared them. These last would take no responsibility for the banks or the companies because they were men and slaves, while the banks were machines and masters all at the same time. Some of the owner men were a little proud to be slaves to such cold and powerful masters. The owner men sat in the cars and explained. You know the land is poor. You've scrabbled at it long enough, God knows.
Monica Furlong|Because you learn things when you talk to people, especially people who aren't like you. You learn what a goddamned polyglot race we are, we marvelous human beings. Some people are friendly. Some people are gruff. Some want security. Others want independence. Some want the government to run things. Some want to run things on their own. Some people need a helping hand. Some people need a kick in the pants. Some want to live and to die in the same small town. Some want to ramble the wide world. Some are content with little. Some cannot stop striving. Some want to life beside a true love, to worship a single god. Some crave a universe of loves, a universe of gods. I could go on and on. The differences between them, between me and you, between you and the woman sitting next to you at the hairdresser, wearing that dress you'd never wear in a million years, reading that book you wouldn't touch. The genius of politics, of people like Frank, is to link them all, understand them all, to represent them all. Not just the ones you agree with, the ones that think and act like you do.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Keep negative people long meters away from you; their presence is a threat to your high self-esteem! Job, the man of God kept his wife afar before he could make it again!
Alice Notley, Disobedience|Abolish these categories of pain(or is it love)Let it all be one painPain swallows itself, dies like a star.
Kathleen Hanna|...women, brave as stars at dawn
David Brin|Humans are just barely intelligent tool users; Darwinian evolutionary selection stopped when language and tool use converged, leaving the average hairy meme carrier sadly deficient in smarts.
Anthony Liccione|The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity...and some scare see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.—William Blake (1757-1827)
Tim O'Reilly|Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Say I Am YouI am dust particles in sunlight.I am the round sun.To the bits of dust I say, Stay.To the sun, Keep moving.I am morning mist, and the breathing of evening.I am wind in the top of a grove, and surf on the cliff.Mast, rudder, helmsman, and keel,I am also the coral reef they founder on.I am a tree with a trained parrot in its branches.Silence, thought, and voice.The musical air coming through a flute,a spark of a stone, a flickering in metal.Both candle and the moth crazy around it.Rose, and the nightingale lost in the fragrance.I am all orders of being, the circling galaxy,the evolutionary intelligence, the lift,and the falling away. What is, and what isn't.You who know Jelaluddin, You the one in all,say who I am. Say I am You.
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|The life we’re given is on a thread, so wear it well.
Tsering Wangmo Dhompa, A Home in Tibet|Say goodbye to your mom.”Scottie pauses, then keeps going.“Scottie.”“Bye!” she yells.I grab her arm. I could yell at her for wanting to leave, but I don’t. She pulls her arm out of my grasp. I look up to see if anyone is watching us, because I don’t think you’re supposed to aggressively hold children these days. Gone are the days of spanking, threats, and sugar. Now there are therapy, antidepressants, and Splenda.
Ryszard Kapuscinski|Oh, there's going to be debate because you're dealing with the Bible and religion is supposed to be separate from state and that to me is already a conflict before it even hits the gay issue.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|People who live in society have learnt how to see themselves, in mirrors, as they appear to their friends. I have no friends: is that why my flesh is so naked?
Yawatta Hosby, Plenty of Fish|Mackenzie flinched. Struggling to breathe, she stood up and walked over to the table.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
Anonymous|Don’t ever compliment me by insulting other women. That’s not a compliment, it’s a competition none of us agreed to.
Amanda Ashley, Dead Perfect|You don't think I'm going to deflower you under your father's roof, do you?
W.B. Yeats, The Celtic Twilight: Faerie and Folklore|One loses, as one grows older, something of the lightness of one's dreams; one begins to take life up in both hands, and to care more for the fruit than the flower, and that is no great loss perhaps.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|My friends think I'm outgoing, but I don't travel as much outside as I do from the inside.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|What if two people want to be your partner, then what?
Debasish Mridha|Feel the love, be the love, to spread the love.
Kris Kidd|Coming down for the thousandth time, I'm perched on the precipice of a billion broken promises. I'm speeding through the intersections of my own broken heartstrings, blowing red lights and ignoring red flags. I'm thinking, 'history repeats itself.' I'm wondering why. The world outside is still happening also.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|You have everything already inside you necessary for the true response to any challenge you will meet. Usually, it’s just a question of assembling some elements in a way that you didn’t think to do before (which brings us to intuition…).
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Grief comes with many losses. Whatever its cause, grief will come to all of us.
Charles R. Swindoll|Which should be an excellent reminder that when God tells you to do something, you’d better do it; He always has a reason.
Stendhal|If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us
McKenzie Bodkin, The Water Mage's Daughter: A Novel of Love, Magic and War in Verse|All things are subject to decay and when fate summons, monarchs must obey.
Leonard Gardner, Fat City|He felt the guilt of inaction, of simply waiting while his life went to waste. No one was worth the gift of his life, no one could possibly be worth that. It belonged to him alone, and he did not deserve it either, because he was letting it waste. It was getting away from him and he made no effort to stop it. He did not know how.
C. JoyBell C.|Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|These near death escapades didn’t put me off working in violent situations. If trouble happened then I couldn’t stop to think of what might happen. There were some good people about and my job was to protect them from trouble, I couldn’t let past experiences put me off.
Sally Koslow|Learn to recognize good luck when it's waving at you, hoping to get your attention.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|When Sean died she understood for the first time how completely human beings were dependent upon a suspension of disbelief in order to simply move forward through their days. If that suspension faltered, if you truly understood, even if only for a moment, that human beings were made of bones and blood that broke and sprayed with the slightest provocation, and that provocation was everywhere--in street curbs and dangling tree limbs, bicycles and pencils--well you would fly for the first nest in a tree, run flat-out for the first burrow you saw.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|It is very queer, but not the less true, that people are generally quite as vain, or even more so, of their deficiencies than of their available gifts.
Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You|Ezekiel 25:17. "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness. For he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you." I been sayin' that shit for years. And if you ever heard it, it meant your ass. I never really questioned what it meant. I thought it was just a cold-blooded thing to say to a motherfucker before you popped a cap in his ass. But I saw some shit this mornin' made me think twice. Now I'm thinkin': it could mean you're the evil man. And I'm the righteous man. And Mr. .45 here, he's the shepherd protecting my righteous ass in the valley of darkness. Or it could be you're the righteous man and I'm the shepherd and it's the world that's evil and selfish. I'd like that. But that shit ain't the truth. The truth is you're the weak. And I'm the tyranny of evil men. But I'm tryin, Ringo. I'm tryin' real hard to be the shepherd. he became the shepherd instead of the vengeance.Jules Winnfield- Samuel L. Jackson
Joe Namath|In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|What I am going to propose is that you write a novel.As you know, the practical advantages of being able to write out your thoughts fluently are very great. For one thing, when you are used to writing them out, they present themselves, one after another. When you are not used to writing them out, they mill around among themselves usually and you see nothing but heads and tails of them when you sit down to get them on paper. I know from my own experience that the first two or three hours of every exam I ever took were spent simply getting my pen warmed up, and by then it was too late.
Rabindranath Tagore, Nationalism|I have felt that you have been able to assimilate these secrets into your life, and the truth which lies in the beauty of all things has passed into your souls. A mere knowledge of things can be had in a short enough time, but their spirit can only be acquired by centuries of training and self-control.
Stanisław Lem, The Cyberiad|You worry that we're becoming monsters. Merlin, we already were monsters. You didn't make us any worse.
Changdictator|We were his disposable things. Brought to him like cattle. Stripped of what made us sisters or daughters or children. There was nothing that he could take from us—our genes, our bones, our wombs—that would ever satisfy him. There was no other way that we would be free.
Himmilicious|If you will use your fingers to count your own mistakes, you won't have time to finger others.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I’ve always seen this in you, ever since you were a little girl — this hunger to love other people into their highest selves and it’s what has made me irreversibly and just so forever in love with you.
Edward Albert|On a level of simple personal survival, understanding and forgiveness are crucial... whether in an intimate personal relationship or on a global level.
Caroline A. Shearer, Raise Your Financial Vibration: Tips and Tools to Embrace Your Infinite Spiritual Abundance|There is no such thing as bad luck, it is true only if you believe it to be. Dismiss all negative outlooks that enter your mind. Build your faith. Realize that you attract what you think, believe, and feel the most. It is not the words that create, but the feeling behind the words that has the true power.
Lolly Daskal|Don’t let any situation intimidate you, defeat you, or conquer you. you are stronger and smarter than anything that challenges you.
Tori Kinsey, Thriver: Happiness Is a Choice|Your mind always follows your heart. That will never change. The one good thing about you is that you are a survivor. You can survive and get out of any situation. The bad part about it is that in the process you always unintentionally hurt others as well as yourself. Did you ever ask yourself how long you will be able to go this way? Whatever you are after in your life, is it worth it?
Asma Naqi|In view of this and other things, I demand forgiveness for being so obviously impressed with my own parents.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|This is one of the difficulties and pleasures of studying the Inklings; Christians all, they offer, along with the expected 20th-century psychological explanations for behavior, unexpected spiritual ones.
Ann McLane Kuster|I'm pretty adept with computers and Photoshop for my blog, and I found my style with a conversational voice and an image-ready column.
Yugi Yamada, Close The Last Door, Volume 02|He looks kind, but he's really a huge sex fiend. He's perverted and spoiled and always jealous. And he hasn't called me for two weeks. But he's cool, isn't he? My guy. I'm the only one that knows...that the coolest part of him is his naked back.
Erik Pevernagie|You are the Perfect Young Man: honest, clean, virile.
J.D. Gallagher|So what do you think?’ He asked, holding up the book.‘I think Salinger is a closet paedophile,’ I replied placidly and was surprised and comforted by this minuscule, acidic, bitter Sylvia Plath like mocking, sniping tone that had crept into my voice. ‘The main character Seymour is a fully grown man and a pervert who befriends young girls with his storytelling and swimming, just to get close enough to groom them in preparation for the inevitable sexual assault he lusts after. You might have noticed for example in A Perfect Day For Bananafish he grabs the young girls-’‘Sybil.’‘He grabs Sybil’s ankles while lying on the beach and again when he pushes her in the water,’ I continued. ‘He goes too far when he kisses the bottom of her foot which makes even a four-year-old yell out in fear, knowing a line had been crossed. Frustrated Seymour walks away and goes back to his hotel where he kills himself in shame.
Brigid Pasulka, A Long, Long Time Ago and Essentially True|Normally I give permission to take my daughter for a walk after only the building of a wall and a stone pathway.' He smiled. 'For future reference.''But, Pan, I knew after the first week that a walk was not the only thing I would request,' the Pigeon said, smiling, 'and winter will be here soon.
Ingrid Nkenlifack|I feel sad for the people who I hear always plan, plan, plan the next day's event to occur. Life only stands still for them.
Sydney Pollack|I mean, certainly writing, painting, photography, dance, architecture, there is an aspect of almost every art form that is useful and that merges into film in some way.
Richard Hugo, The Triggering Town: Lectures and Essays on Poetry and Writing|Assuming you can write clear English sentences, give up all worry about communication. If you want to communicate, use the telephone.
Gabrielle Zevin|When I was in my twenties and broke, I'd buy books before food. A meal will sustain you for a few hours, a good book will sustain you for life.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|He believes that people have destroyed religion and religion has destroyed people. He says he believes in God, but he doesn't believe in people.
Patricia Reilly Giff, Lily's Crossing|Aching familiar in a way that made me wish I was still eight. Eight was before death or divorce or heartbreak. Eight was just eight. Hot dogs and peanut butter, mosquito bites and splinters, bikes and boogie boards. Tangled hair, sunburned shoulders, Judy Blume, in bed by nine thirty.
Megan Jayne Crabbe, Body Positive Power: How learning to love yourself will save your life|Lying there in silence, Elim thought about how quickly a person’s fate could change, how precious life and health are. He had walked into this very room two days ago as a practicing physician, a man in control, with the power to heal, looking down on the sick American on the same bed where he himself now lay. He had never known just how different the world looked from the other side.He vowed that if he became well, he would cherish every day. And although he had never wished ill health on another person, there and then he wondered if every physician might benefit from being sick—really sick—just once. He wondered if it would make them all care a little more, or work a little harder, to have been on the other side for a while—to have placed their life and livelihood in the hands of a stranger, even if for only a short period. He had considered himself a very conscientious physician before this, but he imagined that if he lived, he would be even more dedicated to his patients.Staring at the ceiling, he was reminded of an old Indian proverb: A healthy person has a hundred wishes, but a sick person has only one.
Jonathan D. Spence, Emperor of China: Self-Portrait of K'ang-Hsi|Seek joyfulness when you can, for seeking joy leads to an auspicious atmosphere.
Hamzat haruna Ribah|Those who fight for food will die in hunger, those who fight for wealth will end up poor heated, only those who seek knowledge and freedome will succeed even at there past.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|A Guardian lover is the last thing you need, Wynn Myfanwy, she told herself sternly.	Too bad it was the very first thing she wanted.
Kate Bornstein, A Queer and Pleasant Danger: The True Story of a Nice Jewish Boy Who Joins the Church of Scientology and Leaves Twelve Years Later to Become the Lovely Lady She is Today|There is a cost to loving anything, or anyone. No one tells you that when you are young.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In matters of goodness, never expect any compliment or appreciation; just do your goodness and disappear!
Ray Bradbury, The Halloween Tree|When you reach the stars, boy, yes, and live there forever, all the fears will go, and Death himself will die.
Rumi|Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry but wise.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Start maximising what you have, instead of worrying what you don’t have.
Kate Meader, Taking the Score|They were the kind of couple you rolled your eyes at. The couple you wanted to punch square in their perfect noses, but secretly hoped would become your new best friends and invite you to a private dinner party where you’d eat something made with truffle oil and share a rueful laugh about the party scene in Ibiza.
Jeffrey Fry|And there was something else, it seemed, now permanently part of her life. Doubt, and suspicion too, filled all that there was room for in her waking thoughts.
Robert Buettner, Overkill|The only animal capable of giving man a fair fight is man. Actually, among ourselves, we fight unfairest of all, and the more we practice, the nastier we get.
Esther Dyson|Technological society has succeeded in multiplying the opportunities for pleasure, but it has great difficulty in generating joy.
Rich Allan, Drafted|I turned on the water then returned to the door jamb. “That’s not fair, you’re nice and clean.”“I am?” He took a few steps toward me.“Aren’t you?”“No,” he scowled and shook his head. “I’m dirty. But you knew that.” Now, if you haven’t heard an Irishman say the word “dirty” before, I will compare it with dynamite in your ovaries. They say it with like, seven Rs.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|She was looking into my eyes with that way she had of looking that made you wonder whether she really saw out of her own eyes. They would look on and on after every one else's eyes in the world would have stopped looking. She looked as though there were nothing on earth she would not look at like that, and really she was afraid of so many things.
Anatole France, The Garden of Epicurus|It is possible that these millions of suns, along with thousands of millions more we cannot see, make up altogether but a globule of blood or lymph in the veins of an animal, of a minute insect, hatched in a world of whose vastness we can frame no conception, but which nevertheless would itself, in proportion to some other world, be no more than a speck of dust.
Joy Davidman|But it will be asked: What is the force and power of the blessings and curses of men, even if these men be such giants as Plato and Aristotle? Does truth become more true because Aristotle blesses it, or does it become error because Plato curses it? Is it given men to judge the truths, to decide the fate of the truths? On the contrary, it is the truths which judge men and decide their fate and not men who rule over the truths. Men, the great as well as the small, are born and die, appear and disappear - but the truth remains. When no one had as yet begun to "think" or to "search," the truths which later revealed themselves to men already existed. And when men will have finally disappeared from the face of the earth, or will have lost the faculty of thinking, the truths will not suffer therefrom.
Elvis Mitchell|'The Third Man,' directed by Carol Reed and written by Graham Greene, is, quite simply, one of the finest movies ever made.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|Doesn't there, in fact, exist something that is dearer to almost every man than his own very best interests, or - not to violate logic - some best good ... which is more important and higher than any other good, and for the sake of which man is prepared if necessary to go against all the laws, against, that is, reason, honour, peace and quiet, prosperity - in short against all those fine and advantageous things - only to attain that primary, best good which is dearer to him than all else?
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|(...) perfectly ordinary books, printed on commonplace paper in mundane ink. It would be a mistake to think that they weren't also dangerous, just because reading them didn't make fireworks go off in the sky. Reading them sometimes did the more dangerous trick of making fireworks go off in the privacy of the reader's brain.
Takashi Hiraide|In the meantime, Charlie learnt to fly. Dorothea fell in love. Peter discovered a new star. And a great number of things happened to Justin. Hundreds of millions of ordinary, unexpected, and occasionally quite astonishing things.And that was his fate.
Jonathon Miller Weisberger, Rainforest Medicine: Preserving Indigenous Science and Biodiversity in the Upper Amazon|The Secoya are trapped between the devastating effects of the colonization frontier and their rich traditional past, which is proving to be as fragile a reality and as fleeting a memory as the most powerful visions of their esoteric science. But instead of detailing that sad scene, in this chapter I have attempted to portray my image of this culture as I see it in its fading colors, magic, and awe-inspiring mystery.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|Parents often ask - how do I get my child interested in books and reading? One tried and true way that my late husband and I used was paying them to read. For each book that my sons read, we paid them $1. They soon developed a love for reading and forgot all about the money. Amazing but true!
Gift Gugu Mona|There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because he or she has a place to fill, and every piece must fit itself into the big jigsaw puzzle.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Religion was at it's best when it emphasized spiritual experiences rather than received dogma. "The juice goes out of Christianity when it becomes too based on faith, rather than living like Jesus or seeing the world as Jesus saw it," he told me. "I think different religions are different doors to the same house. Sometimes I think the house exists, and sometimes I don't. It's a great mystery.
Molière, The Misanthrope|I become quite melancholy and deeply grieved to see men behave to each other as they do. Everywhere I find nothing but base flattery, injustice , self-interest, deceit and roguery. I cannot bear it any longer; I'm furious; and my intention is to break with all mankind.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|If they knew how much you kept inside to keep from hurting them, but hurting yourself instead, maybe they’d love you more.
Idris Elba|In 'A Few Best Men,' I play a lesbian character. I played the lesbian sister of the bride who ends up kissing a dude at the end, but she was, like, a full-on lesbian in that. And I beat out famous Australian lesbians for the role.
Steven Magee|If peaceful protesting really worked, the need to peacefully protest would have subsided to almost zero a long time ago! Instead, the thing that has subsided to almost zero are the number of complaints filed against police officers that are actually upheld.
Diane Loomans|If I had my child to raise all over again,I’d finger paint more, and point the finger less.I’d do less correcting, and more connecting.I’d take my eyes off my watch, and watch with my eyes.I would care to know less, and know to care more.I’d take more hikes and fly more kites.I’d stop playing serious, and seriously play.I’d run through more fields, and gaze at more stars.I’d do more hugging, and less tugging.I would be firm less often, and affirm much more.I’d build self esteem first, and the house later.I’d teach less about the love of power, and more about the power of love.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|Marial and Uncle were no longer by his side, and they never would be again, but Salva knew that both of them would have wanted him to survive, to finish the trip and reach the Itang refugee camp safely. It was almost as if they had left their strength with him, to help him on his journey.
Nikki Rosen, Dancing Softly|Brenda, do you know God loves you? He really does. To Him, you're perfect, absolutely perfect. You always have been.
Diane Chamberlain, Conduct Unbecoming: Rape, Torture, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from Military Commanders|if we could tax Americans' cognitive dissonance we could balance the budget. The American people want all kinds of incompatible things, they're human beings, and they want high services, low taxes, and an omnipresent, omniprominent welfare state.
Sándor Márai, Embers|If it be now, ’tis not to come. If it be not to come, it will be now. If it be not now, yet it will come—the readiness is all.
Criss Jami, Healology|If Christians always seemed to be the most intelligent and the most righteous of men, I'd be a skeptic.
Pete Townshend|I was just a ham since about the age of five. If I was performing at Medieval Times or something, I'd be the court jester. That was always my defense mechanism. I was never all that funny; I was just obnoxious and loud.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|This is the price we pay, that the only way to take our life is death.
Halle Berry|There are no better cosmetics than a severe temperance and purity, modesty and humility, a gracious temper and calmness of spirit; and there is no true beauty without the signatures of these graces in the very countenance.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We nurture our sense of connection with the larger whole, noticing that the whole is only as healthy as its smallest part.
Richard Rohr, Breathing Underwater: Spirituality and the 12 Steps|Christians are usually sincere and well-intentioned people until you get to any real issues of ego, control power, money, pleasure, and security. Then they tend to be pretty much like everybody else. We often given a bogus version of the Gospel, some fast-food religion, without any deep transformation of the self; and the result has been the spiritual disaster of "Christian" countries that tend to be as consumer-oriented, proud, warlike, racist, class conscious, and addictive as everybody else-and often more so, I'm afraid.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Mankind has] allowed worldly desires and pleasures to fill the heart and mind. Whatever the sin, we need to repent and turn to Jesus Christ in faith for forgiveness and new life.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|For the animals in nature, everywhere is their houses! When we touch anywhere in nature, we must know that we knock their doors!
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|Remember where you came from, where you’re going, and why you created the mess you got yourself into in the first place. You're going to die a horrible death, remember. It's all good training, and you'll enjoy it more if you keep the facts in mind. Take your dying with some seriousness, however. Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood by less-advanced life-forms, and they'll call you crazy.
Sam Killermann, The Social Justice Advocate's Handbook: A Guide to Gender|Gender is like a Rubik’s Cube with one hundred squares per side, and every time you twist it to take a look at another angle, you make it that much harder a puzzle to solve.
John Galsworthy|I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions.
Pierre Berton|He walked across the room and flicked a switch. A spotlight turned on, illuminating a laminated poster of a woman on his wall. He took a crayon from his pocket and began drawing on it. I could see smudges from past demonstrations. [. . .] His dashed lines crisscrossed the woman's chest as if he were planning a military maneuver on undulating terrain.
Sunday Adelaja|The devil will try to stop you on your path to success, He can do this through doubts and fear
Wendy Owens, Cursed|Day in and day out we learn to train and grow as Guardians. We do as we're told and follow the rules. We all work hard. Now it's our turn to watch some demons tremble in fear! It's our turn to watch the hunters become the hunted. Who's ready to see some fighting? Better yet, who wants to see what our great protector is made of?
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.' These men without possessions or power, these strangers on Earth, these sinners, these followers of Jesus, have in their life with him renounced their own dignity, for they are merciful. As if their own needs and their own distress were not enough, they take upon themselves the distress and humiliation of others. They have an irresistible love for the down-trodden, the sick, the wretched, the wronged, the outcast and all who are tortured with anxiety. They go out and seek all who are enmeshed in the toils of sin and guilt. No distress is too great, no sin too appalling for their pity. If any man falls into disgrace, the merciful will sacrifice their own honour to shield him, and take his shame upon themselves.
Ayelet Waldman|Sociologists well understand that chaos at home causes violent behavior, educational failure and social alienation among children. Yet, many of us in America stay far, far away from this topic. That in itself is a national scandal. Bad parenting is gravely harming this nation.
Stanley A. McChrystal|I think my best teacher and my best study was theater in general. It taught me a lot of patience and a lot of hard work, and I think that theater teaches you that you've got to know your stuff because you only get one chance.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|…she simply accepted it for what it was — a normal, average, everyday kind of miracle.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Society in its wisdom has found ways of constructing refuges of all kinds, for since it has been disposed to make the love-life a pastime, it has also felt obliged to trivialize it, to make it cheap, risk-free and secure, as public pleasures usually are.
Lena Dunham|In this day and age, I ask anyone I date right away: 'Are you married? Are you in a relationship with anyone? Does anyone think they're in a relationship with you?' And by the way, if someone says, 'Yes, I am dating other people,' that's not necessarily a deal breaker. But you have to communicate it, not hide it.
David Baldacci, The Christmas Train|The circumstances of everyday life were too demanding-and in American's great cities, appalling.
rajuda|He took me down and out into the afterlife of the brightly lit streets, a haze of rain around each streetlight like a galaxy, the whole street a universe spread out like a banquet.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|Why give him a choice at all? You said yourself, we need everyone we can get. If this Nix guy is half of what you are, we can’t afford to let him go.”The answer is so simple, and it cuts me to bone.“Because no one ever gave me a choice.
Darrell Roberts, Man Laws Revealed-One Man's Insight on Love, Self-Improvement, Dating, Marriage, & Parenting|It's easier to say (I'm going to be myself and if anyone wants to be with me, then she/he has to accept me as I am...flaws and all) than it is for us to work at reducing our flaws and making ourselves more acceptable.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Why are men so noisy during the liturgies while Christ's prayer was silent? The words of the Son of God come from the heart, and the heart is silent. Why do we not know how to speak with a silent heart? The heart of Jesus does not speak. It radiates with love because its language comes from the divine depths.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|The sun hides not the ocean, which is the dark side of this earth, and which is two thirds of this earth. So, therefore, that mortal man who hath more of joy than sorrow in him, that mortal man cannot be true-- not true, or undeveloped. With books the same. The truest of all men was the Man of Sorrows, and the truest of all books is Solomon’s, and Ecclesiastes is the fine hammered steel of woe.
Jonalyn Fincher|In 30 years Christians will have baptized their picture of Christ. He won't be a nice, banal, meek, and bearded man with softly permed hair. Instead, he will fill our imaginations more solidly, more invasively , more unexpectedly. Christ will become That Man who changes people, someone who jumps off a bumper sticker and mediocre praise songs and into lives.
Isabel Allende, Inés of My Soul|The way I see it, the impossible happens all the time; but we're so good at taking it for granted, we forget it was once impossible.
ELW-Reta Barnes|God's kingdom is not the most exciting thing to seek, but the most rewarding thing to find.
Laura M. Flynn, Swallow the Ocean: A Memoir|People talk about how fast life can go from good to bad. How on day you're happy, everything is going fine, and then something happens. Someone dies or someone leaves. There's an illness or an accident. Life as you know it slips away. But it can got the other way too. You can go from god-awful to pretty OK in a single day. That's what happened to us, and it was just as jarring.
Terry Glavin|In the primitive church, it was customary for the Holy Eucharist to be celebrated on the anniversary of the death of a martyr - if possible, on his tomb.
Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies|It is not the sanctuary that is in danger; it is civilization. It is not infallibility that may go down; it is personal rights. It is not the Eucharist that may pass away; it is freedom of conscience. It is not divine justice that may evaporate; it is the courts of human justice. It is not that God may be driven from His throne; it is that men may lose the meaning of home; For peace on earth will come only to those who give glory to God! It is not the Church that is in danger, it is the world!
Susan Ee, End of Days|My mother hasn’t asked the questions that a normal person would ask, and I’m grateful for it. It’s like the world has become so crazy that it makes sense to her now. I turn on the engine and drive us out. ‘Thanks, Mom. For coming to rescue me.’ My voice comes out reedy and a little wobbly. I clear my throat. ‘Not every mom would do that in a world like this.
Taylor Swift|Just be yourself, there is no one better.
Le Ly Hayslip, When Heaven and Earth Changed Places: A Vietnamese Woman's Journey from War to Peace|For you see, the face of destiny or luck or god that gives us war also gives us other kinds of pain: the loss of health and youth; the loss of loved ones or of love; the fear that we will end our days alone. Some people suffer in peace the way others suffer in war. The special gift of that suffering, I have learned, is how to be strong while we are weak, how to be brave when we are afraid, how to be wise in the midst of confusion, and how to let go of that which we can no longer hold. In this way, anger can teach us forgiveness, hate can teach us love, and war can teach us peace.
Joshua Cohen, Book of Numbers|In the future we would have total storage, all of us would, our media libraries would dematerialise and just float above us, books would no longer sit on the shelves reminding us that we had not read them, music and TV and film formats would no longer clutter the den reminding us of all we had not yet listened to or watched.
John C. Maxwell|Talent is a gift, but character is a choice.
N.D. Wilson, Empire of Bones|We're [as parents] striving for an unattainable, inauthentic shell, and ignoring the real nut, the gooey inside: love, laughter, and fulfillment from simple things.
A.E. Samaan|Legislating morality grows big government immensely, and helps fashion the noose the government will use to ultimately hang you by.
Malcolm Mclaren|Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.
The Economist|Submission, when it is submission to the truth — and when the truth is known to be both beautiful and merciful — has nothing in common with fatalism or stoicism as these terms are understood in the Western tradition, because its motivation is different. According to Fakhr ad-Din ar-RazT, one of the great commentators upon the Quran: The worship of the eyes isweeping, the worship of the ears is listening, the worship of the tongue is praise, the worship of the hands is giving, the worship of the body is effort, the worship of the heart is fear and hope, and the worship of the spirit is surrender and satisfaction in Allah.
Lorii Myers|Random thought fills the streambed, cascading with care and spilling over the flood plain until bifurcation forces it to arc and fork into a single, determined stream.
Aloy Ricketts, Erotica: Tempted to Touch: Series Two|If love isn't embedded withing giving, then it would be best to never give at all, for love and giving is inseparable; they are one. Selfishness and self-gratification is not of love.
Mark Galli, Beyond Smells and Bells: The Wonder and Power of Christian Liturgy|The liturgy is the place where we wait for Jesus to show up. We don't have to do much. The liturgy is not an act of will. It is not a series of activities designed to attain a spiritual mental state. We do not have to apply will pressure. To be sure, like basketball or football, it is something that requires a lot of practice--its rhythms do not come naturally except to those who have been rehearsing them for years. On some Sundays the soul will indeed battle to even pay attention. In the normal course of worship, we do not have to conjure up feelings or a devotional mood; we are not required to perform the liturgy flawlessly. Such anxious effort... blind us to what is really going on.We do have to show up, and we cannot leave early. But if we will dwell there, remain in place, wait patiently, Jesus will show up.
Timothy Joshua|You are my first and last light,of my day and my night.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Let everyone sweep in front of his own door, and the whole world will be clean.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The more you choose to focus on the positive, the more positive will come into focus. The choice is yours.
John Burroughs|One mustn't ask apple trees for oranges, France for sun, women for love, life for happiness.
Kellie Elmore, Magic in the Backyard|...what happens when you returnand find nothingbut a hollowed shell,shingles and floor,walls and echoesand the light that lead you herehas now burned outand the ones who built ithave traveled afarand you cant go to them,no matter what shoes you wear.
Alain de Botton|Work takes up a lot of my brain space. So when I work, it's one thing. I don't have a lot of time to think about dating.
Laura Bush|Alone let him constantly meditate in solitude on that which is salutary for his soul, for he who meditates in solitude attains supreme bliss.
Danielle  Paige|Don't just steal the style, steal the thinking behind the style. You don't want to look like your heroes, you want to see like your heroes.
John Podhoretz|If you change partners every time it gets tough or you get a little dissatisfied, then I don't think you get the richness that's available in a long-term relationship.
Jim Butcher, Vignette|Pain is a byproduct of life. That’s the truth. Life sometimes sucks. That’s true for everyone. But if you don’t face the pain and the suck, you don’t ever get the other things either. Laughter. Joy. Love. Pain passes, but those things are worth fighting for. Worth dying for.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Move forward doesn´t mean avoiding the pain, but look towards a new day in spite of the rain.
Deyth Banger|There is always time, it is never too late....When you die and you haven't done it, then it's too late!
Cyril Cusack|The new year stands before us, like a chapter in a book, waiting to be written. We can help write that story by setting goals.
Cassandra Peterson|Humanity needs dreams to be able to survive the miseries of daily existence, even if only for an instant.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|If there's—one person on the face of this earth who makes me sick it's the ninny who calls a thing 'improbable' because it happens to be outside his own special, puny experience of life.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|God's in His heaven, alls right with the world', whispered Anne softly.
Ayurvedaforall|Health and programming should go together like a horse and carriage. You can't have one without the other. In our sedentary office work, we often forget that an absence of health is as bad as a lack of programming skills.
Estelle Maskame, Did I Mention I Need You?|I need you because I'm in love with you, Eden, and I have no idea how I'll ever get over you.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|It's better to say goodbye, to move on, to end the lie.
Gerry Stewart|It doesn’t matter how physically fit or tough you are, if you fail to use natures computer between your ears.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|What the hell makes you smart?" I asked."I wouldn't go for coffee with you.""Listen - I wouldn't ask you.""That," she replied, "is what makes you stupid.
Cameron Mathison|Well, because I have twin seven-year-old boys, I enjoy the gift giving stuff a great deal. We do both Hanukkah and Christmas, so it is a costly, though extremely pleasing proposition.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Analysis helps patients put their unconscious procedural memories and actions into words and into context, so they can better understand them. In the process they plastically retranscribe these procedural memories, so that they become conscious explicit memories, sometimes for the first time, and patients no longer need to "relive" or "reenact" them, especially if they were traumatic.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|And all are asleep,so all are foolish. Don't feel offended. Thefacts have to be stated as they are.You function in sleep; that's why you go on stumbling,you go on doing things you don't want to do, you go on doing things you have decided not to do. You go on doing things you know are not right to do, and you don't do things that you know are right. How is this possible? Why can't you walk straight? Why do you go on getting trapped into bypaths? Why do you go on going astray? This is what is happening. Watch your life--everything that you go on demanding is so confused and so confusiing. You are not alert. You can't see, you can't heart-- certainly you have ears so you can hear, but there is nobody inside to understand it. Certainly you have eyes so you can see,but there is nobody present inside. So your eyes go on seeing and your ears go on listening, but nothing is understood. And on each step you stumble, on each step you commit something wrong. And still you go on believing that you are aware.
Aria Kane, Once Upon a Darkness|With an evil, tempting wink that threatened to undo him, she added, "I'm the one you have to watch out for.
Kate Chopin, The Story of an Hour|…there would be no powerful will binding hers in that blind persistence with which men and women believe they have a right to impose a private will upon a fellow creature…And yet she had loved him- sometimes. Often she had not. What did it matter! What could love, the unsolved mystery, count for in the face of this possession of self-assertion which she suddenly recognized as the strongest impulse of her being.
Mario Botta|The Academy of Architecture in Mendrisio comes from afar. Our land has a millennial history of emigrations: master masons, architects, builders, decorators, plasterers, artists from the world of building.
Jamaica Kincaid, Lucy|That the world I was in could be soft, lovely, and nourishing was more than I could bear, and so I stood there and wept, for I didn't want to love one more thing that could make my heart break into a million little pieces at my feet.
Mareez Reyes|I want to take a break from everything,to find out if.....i'm still ALIVE!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you want to hurry something, that means you no longer care about it and want to get on to other things. I just want to get at it slowly, but carefully and thoroughly, with the same attitude I remember was present just before I found that sheared pin. It was that attitude that found it, nothing else.
Aristotle, The Rhetoric & The Poetics of Aristotle|Lead the people with administrative injunctions and put them in their place with penal law, and they will avoid punishments but will be without a sense of shame. Lead them with excellence and put them in their place through roles and ritual practices, and in addition to developing a sense of shame, they will order themselves harmoniously
Richard Handler, The New History in an Old Museum: Creating the Past at Colonial Williamsburg|The epitome of culture is the search for truth, or at least a reasonable approximation of reality, most notably the need to know ourselves and the world around us.
J.R.R. Tolkien|True courage is knowing not when to take a life, but to save one.
Marilyn French, The Women's Room|My feelings about men are the result of my experience. I have little sympathy for them. Like a Jew just released from Dachau, I watch the handsome young Nazi soldier fall writhing to the ground with a bullet in his stomach and I look briefly and walk on. I don't even need to shrug. I simply don't care. What he was, as a person, I mean, what his shames and yearnings were, simply don't matter.
Laird Hamilton|No perspective, no perception.New perspective, new perception.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Speaking from the heart is simple. Listening wholeheartedly, however, is much, much more difficult and most rare.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Travis Kalanick|I know that some of the finest writing I've ever read has been sports writing, whatever the topic was, whatever the sport they were writing about. It seems to be an area where people are allowed a little more leeway than when they're reporting on traffic jams and city-council meetings.
Patricia Briggs, Night Broken|Almost-Sister, you picked a real catch.”“It was I who caught her,” Adam said softly. “It took years.
Charlotte Eriksson|Find something you love and go for it with all your heart. No excuses, no plan B. Never settle for anything less than you know you can do.It will be hard, but I promise it will be worth it.
Naoki Higashida, The Reason I Jump: The Inner Voice of a Thirteen-Year-Old Boy with Autism|In Ankh-Morpork you can be whoever you want to be and sometimes people laugh and sometimes they clap, and mostly and beautifully, they don't really care.
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|Christianity voids any significance that would otherwise be attributed to a human life. It reduces all the good things you’ve done and all the bad things you’ve done to, well, nothing. All the good you’ve done won’t matter if you don’t have Jesus. All the bad you’ve done won’t matter if you do have Jesus. In either case, what you do doesn’t matter.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|This is just your unwritten life. You didn’t expect it, it just happened.
Margaret J. Wheatley|Anything that could give rise to smarter-than-human intelligence - in the form of Artificial Intelligence, brain-computer interfaces, or neuroscience-based human intelligence enhancement - wins hands down beyond contest as doing the most to change the world. Nothing else is even in the same league.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|I can understand backward patriarchal reasoning coming from a male, but from a woman - and of all people, a leader of women? It says something profound about leadership - and, if anything - what it says about followers is not very flattering at all.
Marianne Fredriksson, Hanna's Daughters|Reason itself is fallible, and this fallibility must find a place in our logic.
Charles Frazier|I cannot decide whether it is an illness or a sin, the need to write things down and fix the flowing world in one rigid form. Bear believed writing dulled the spirit, stilled some holy breath. Smothered it. Words, when they’ve been captured and imprisoned on paper, become a barrier against the world, one best left unerected. Everything that happens is fluid, changeable. After they’ve passed, events are only as your memory makes them, and they shift shapes over time. Writing a thing down fixes it in place as surely as a rattlesnake skin stripped from the meat and stretched and tacked to a barn wall. Every bit as stationary, and every bit as false to the original thing. Flat and still and harmless. Bear recognized that all writing memorializes a momentary line of thought as if it were final. But I was always word-smitten.
Sting|I would have thought that I would have become one of those parents - just because it's my nature to be such a perfectionist - that anything falling short, I would have seen as a failure. But something has happened to me over the past few years - it's not Zen, believe me, I'm not at all Zen - but I'm so appreciative of even the chaos.
Aurelien Budynek, Best of Motion City Soundtrack|Because I hate the ocean, theme parks and airplanes, talking with strangers, waiting in line. I'm through with these pills that make me sit still, are you feeling fine? Yes, I feel just fine.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Down through the years, I turned to the Bible and found in it all that I needed
George Michael|Every garden scheme should have a backbone, a central idea beautifully phrased. Every wall, path, stone and flower should have its relationship to the central idea.
Trey Parker|While there are many that journey who seek, not all that travel will find, for they are bound by what they have been taught and not of what they know.”- The Tapestry of Spirit
Tricia Goyer, Love Finds You in Glacier Bay, Alaska|It's hard to know, isn't it, whether the things we face are just because the world is full of sin and sinful people, or if God is working out a plan,' Grandma continued. 'I happen to think it's both. There's sin, but through it all, He takes the mess we make and paints a masterpiece. In fact, I'm quite certain that before God can ever bless a woman—and use her to impact many—He uses the hammer, the file, and the furnace to do a holy work.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|You know what they say. Absence makes the heart grow fonder.”“If my heart grows any fonder, it’s going to hop out of my chest and into yours.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|When a person is focused completely on self it is nearly impossible to be mindful of others at the same time. That is a contradiction for healthy communication, networking, and relationship building.
Saurabh Sharma|There are only two profound ways to reach enlightenment: Laugh by yourself, or get tickled.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Listen to what is being preached today. Look at everyone around us. You've wondered why they suffer, why they seek happiness and never find it. If any man stopped and asked himself whether he's ever held a truly personal desire, he'd find the answer. He'd see that all his wishes, his efforts, his dreams, his ambitions are motivated by other men. He's not really struggling even for material wealth, but for the second-hander's delusion - prestige. A stamp of approval, not his own. He can find no joy in the struggle and no joy when he has succeeded. He can't say about a single thing: 'This is what I wanted because I wanted it, not because it made my neighbors gape at me'. Then he wonders why he's unhappy.
Bernie Sanders|To make an embarrassing admission, I like video games. That's what got me into software engineering when I was a kid. I wanted to make money so I could buy a better computer to play better video games - nothing like saving the world.
Susan B. Anthony|If your neighbors think you're a detective because a cop always brings you home, you might be a redneck.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|The word ‘slavery’ and ‘right’ are contradictory, they cancel each other out. Whether as between one man and another, or between one man and a whole people, it would always be absurd to say: "I hereby make a covenant with you which is wholly at your expense and wholly to my advantage; I will respect it so long as I please and you shall respect it as long as I wish.
Jill Tarter|Okay, so either (a) I just teleported somewhere else entirely (b) they can fold space like no one's business or (c) they are simply ignoring all the rules.
Thomas Harris, The Silence of the Lambs|I know what you're afraid of. It's not pain, or solitude. It's indignity you can't stand, Hannibal, you're like a cat that way.
Jaide Fox, His Wicked Ways|(Darcy) "Why do you suppose she decided to come back…after all this time, I mean?"(Nick) "The barmaid?""Bronte""If I were to hazard a guess, I would suppose her mother finally convinced her she was on her deathbed.""I suppose, but since she's been on her deathbed for the past ten years that I know of. I'm thinking Bronte probably wouldn't fall for it."
Cynthia Breazeal|Shows like 'Sex and the City' got women involved again in a political way. They were drawn into the personal stories of the four women who together make up one complete cosmopolitan woman. We want to have community, and the show filled that void in our lives: friendship between women.
Emilie Autumn|The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly. One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane.
Amit Chaudhuri, Calcutta: Two Years in the City|Get any type of Carnival food equipment like slushie, popcorn, cocktail machines for hire with special discount packages at Smack Amusements an online Australia-based group of company.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|You are beautiful, but you are empty. One could not die for you. To be sure, an ordinary passerby would think that my rose looked just like you --- the rose that belongs to me. But in herself alone she is more important than all the hundreds of you other roses: because it is she that I have watered; because it is she that I have put under the glass globe; because it is she that I have sheltered behind the screen; because it is for her that I have killed the caterpillars; because it is she that I have listened to, when she grumbled, or bloated, or even sometimes when she said nothing. Because she is my rose.
Lorde|If money is the root of all evil, then China's manipulation of its currency, the yuan, is the tap root of everything wrong with the U.S.-China trade relationship.
Juan Williams|After two world wars, the collapse of fascism, nazism, communism and colonialism and the end of the cold war, humanity has entered a new phase of its history.
Jude Morgan, An Accomplished Woman|A balance, I think, is needed , " Dr. Templeton said judiciously,"between the head and the heart: nothing easier to say: nothing harder to achieve.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|By simply and profoundly giving love to yourself everyday in every way you are saying to the Universe you are worthy of attaining any dream, vision or goal. Feel worthy of it.
William Balsamo, Crime Incorporated: The Inside Story of the Mafia's First 100 Years|Somewhere in the ocean, a shark was missing its cold eyes because this man had them.
George Gordon Byron, Don Juan|Wedded she some years, and to a manOf fifty, and such husbands are in plenty;And yet, I think, instead of such a ONE'Twere better to have TWO of five and twenty...
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Just because it is not done your way, doesn't mean it is not right.
George Soros|Indeed, I was so afraid to dishonour my friends and family by my indiscreet actions, that I rather chose to be accounted a fool, than to be thought rude or wanton.
John Marsden, The Night Is for Hunting|But somehow, standing in the clear night air, under a sky that glowed like a shower of sparks, none of that stuff mattered. It slipped off me. It was like shedding your clothes before you step in the shower. I felt I was down to essentials again. In fact I felt very close to God at that moment. I guess if you're ever going to feel close to God it'll be while you're looking at the heavens.
RSCruz|If your children asked you about your honesty with God, Let them look at the pictures with the person you married and was the reason they're alive...and they will understand.
Stephen Fry|...Catholic versus Protestant, essentially. It's that kind of fight. ... And it goes on to this day. Will we never learn? Who knows? Religion. Shit it.
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|my own definition of bad historical fiction hits these points:It fails to transport the reader to a former time.It fails to put the reader in another place.It fails to bring characters to life.It fails to make the reader shiver, sweat, sniffle, sneer, snarl, weep, laugh, gag, ache, hunger, wince, yearn, lust, lose sleep, empathize, hate, or need to go potty.It seems dubious.It has characters who seem too good or too bad to be true.It has anachronisms.It has clichés and stereotypes.Its writing style distracts the reader from the narrative.It takes historic license with times and facts.It is pointless.It is carelessly written.It is easy to put down.
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|Life is a living flute, yoga is the art of creating melody and rhythm in it.
John Edgar Wideman, Fanon|Thank you, Jesus, for blindness that every once in a great while allows one of us to hit the target.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|If you cannot recollect yourself continuously, do so once a day at least, in the morning or in the evening. In the morning make a resolution and in the evening examine yourself on what you have said this day, what you have done and thought, for in these things perhaps you have often offended God and those about you.
Joel Fuhrman|We need radical dietary improvement, and the earlier in life that change is made, the better. Just following a vegan diet or eating a few more vegetables is not enough.
D.B.C. Pierre|Don’t be lookin up at no sky for help. Look down here, at us twisted dreamers.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|I couldn't imagine what it would be like to be one of so many, to have not just parents and siblings but cousins and aunts and uncles, an entire tribe to claim as your own. Maybe you would feel lost in the crowd. Or sheltered by it. Whatever the case, one things was for sure: like it or not, you'd never be alone.
Simon Mainwaring|I stand for simple justice, equal opportunity and human rights. The indispensable elements in a democratic society - and well worth fighting for.
Niecy Nash|People have to understand one thing: at the age of 18, I arrived at a dream club like Manchester United. It was a dream come true. But, even at that moment, I was thinking about playing in England for some years and then going to play in Spain. Even at that time I was thinking that way, and I always gave 100% everything.
Anita Borg|In 1970, there was a single telephone company in the United States called AT&T, and its technology was called circuit switching, and that was all any telecom engineer worried about.
Clifford D. Simak, They Walked Like Men|Money here on Earth is more than the paper or the metal that you use for money, more than the rows of figures that account for money. Here on Earth you have given money a symbolism such as no medium of exchange has anywhere else I have ever known or heard of. You have made it a power and a virtue and you have made the lack of it despicable and somehow even criminal. You measure men by money and you calibrate success with money and you almost worship money.
Zechariah Barrett|We dream. We aspire. We hope. Sure, we can get down too. But it's not about that. It's not those moments that define us. It's those times when we're looking forward, seeing that brighter future, and acting on it.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|The better you were able to imagine what you wanted to imagine, the farther you could flee from reality.
Freedom Matthews, Inherited|We regret because we fail to listen to an inner voice that says "I Can" and we watch as that pledge is hushed by our doubts and fears. We regret because we listened to someone else's voice rather than our own or because we knew what was right and didn't do it. Imagine a life where we trusted ourselves more, believed what others said less and committed to do what was noble. There would be no regret in that.
Galeano Eduardo|The world is for you and for the ones who roll out the carpet, even if it's tattered. They're scattered all over. And if you look carefully, they can help you find your way home, wherever you are.
Candice Raquel Lee, The Innocent: A Myth|First times are always sacred. May we never run out of "firsts
Andrea Dworkin, Heartbreak: The Political Memoir of a Feminist Militant|It had been communicated to me through the odd, secret whispers of women that a female’s nose must never shine. In war, in famine, in fire, it had to be matte, and no one got a lipstick without the requisite face powder. … I was taunted by the problem: how could someone write something like the ‘Symposium’ and make sure her nose did not shine at the same time? It didn’t matter to me that I was reading a translation. I’d read Plato’s brilliant, dense prose and not be able to tear myself away. Even as a reader my nose shined. It was clearly either/or. You had to concentrate on either one or the other. In a New York minute, the oil from Saudi Arabia could infiltrate your house and end up on your nose. It didn’t hurt, it didn’t make noise, it didn’t incapacitate in any way except for the fact that no girl worth her salt took enough time away from vigilance to read a book let alone write one.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Let the devil bar my way, I will come back to ye.
Laura Miller|Litchat, however, is singleminded. Seemingly, it can only conceive of a writer’s persona as one thing at a time: a prick, a detached brainiac, a suffering saint. Litchat is adamant, yes, and impervious to factual challenges, but that tends to be true of all strong opinions formed on a basis of incomplete and selective evidence. The weaker our footing, the more fiercely we defend it. We believe it not because it fits what we know—we know next to nothing, after all—but because we need to believe this particular thing at this particular time, regardless of what the truth may be. It suits our purposes to do so, and one of those purposes may be as flimsy as the desire to be excused from reading the books in question before telling the world what we think of them.
Hadas Moosazadeh, Tora-Bora Mountains|Try and endeavor almost have the same interpretation, but in one meaningful difference. Who doesn't try to get his goals, should endeavor more than just try. (Tora-Bora mountains)﻿
Steve Maraboli|Worrying cannot change a thing, but faith can change everything.
Lionel Suggs|I find it strange how some men simply give up their soul to a woman, and act in obedience to their will. I find it stranger that those same women, are ignorant to the belief that this isn't his real face. Most women don't know what their man looks like when he's not in-love with them. But when that mystical spell is broken, it's like a person seeing the true face of God; only realizing that you simply never understood...their real self.
Camille Lucy, The (Real) Love Experiment: Explore Love, Relationships & the Self|Allow yourself to have a completely undefended experience of life, and allow the light of God to flow through your life freely, openly, and with renewed purpose. This is the essence of unconditional love.
Michael Haneke|I try to get closer to reality, to get close to the contradictions. The cinema world can be a real world rather than a dream world.
Christina Dodd, The Barefoot Princess|Heav'n from all creatures hides the book of Fate, All but the page prescrib'd, their present state; From brutes what men, from men what spirits know: Or who could suffer Being here below? The lamb thy riot dooms to bleed to-day, Had he thy Reason, would he skip and play? Pleas'd to the last, he crops the flow'ry food, And licks the hand just rais'd to shed his blood. Oh blindness to the future! kindly giv'n, That each may fill the circle mark'd by Heav'n; Who sees with equal eye, as God of all, A hero perish, or a sparrow fall.
Chloe Thurlow, Being a Girl|He leaned forward and bit her bottom lip. It was just the right size. He hated women with thin, judgmental lips. Smeared with dark red lipstick. Stingy and manipulative. Bev’s mouth looked ripe and vulnerable. He sucked on that soft lower lip for a few seconds.
J. Thomas Steele|It’s a fool who thinks having a kid is a right, which is the biggest crock of fish heads I’ve ever heard.
Thea Harrison, Midnight's Kiss|She had tried to imagine him as a young Gladiator in the arena. Back then he must have been as dangerous as a lean, half-starved alley cat. Now, the alley cat had long since vanished. What stood in his stead was a scarred and even more deadly lion who carried the weight of having lived for many years in his prime.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A wise person makes one error,and learns ten lessons.He makes two errors,and learns twenty lessons.He makes three errors,and learns thirty lessons.He makes few errors,and learns countless lessons.
Amit Kalantri|People are already disappointed by their acquaintances, they can not handle anymore hate from stranger, so show some instantaneous kindness and forgiveness to them.
Cathy Guisewite|My mother had always taught me to write about my feelings instead of sharing really personal things with others, so I spent many evenings writing in my diary, eating everything in the kitchen and waiting for Mr. Wrong to call.
Meek Mill|The whole celebrity culture thing - I'm fascinated by, and repelled by, and yet I end up knowing about it.
Karen  Lynch, Relentless|The doorbell rang, making me and Roland jump. Nikolas opened the door to admit Chris whose good-natured smile did not falter even when he saw our grim faces. Then he saw Remy. I didn’t think I had ever seen someone’s eyes go that round before. Roland shoved a glass of Nate’s whiskey into Chris’s hand while Nikolas brought him up to speed on all he had missed.
Maria Chika Amadi|Success and failure are options equally available to all, the dividing line is your choices and opportunities harnessed or missed.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|I don't feel that way anymore," Nico muttered. "I mean... I gave up on Percy. I was young and impressionable, and I- I don't..."His voice cracked, and Jason could tell the guy was about to get teary-eyed. Whether Nico had really given up on Percy or not, Jason couldn't imagine what it had been like for Nico all those years, keeping a secret that would've been unthinkable to share in the 1940s, denying who he was, feeling completely alone- even more isolated than other demigods."Nico," he said gently, "I've seen a lot of brave things. But what you did? That was maybe the bravest.
Paul Amadeus Dienach, Chronicles From The Future: The amazing story of Paul Amadeus Dienach|...To see your life flow in obscurity among the treasures of the heart and of nature, happy in your anonymity, and to occasionally lose yourself in reading or in the pleasure of being a sensitive admirer of the fine arts; that’s the image of modern life you’re looking for!
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|A woman brings so much more to the world than birth, for she can birth discovery, intelligence, invention, art, just as well as any man.
C. JoyBell C.|I am not afraid of people who say all the wrong things that make others gasp in disbelief. I am afraid of the people who say all the right things that make others bow in admiration. It is incredibly easy to say all the right things. We all know exactly what the majority of people want to believe and want to hear. All we have to do is give them what they want, they will bow before us. Anybody can do that. I am more afraid of people who would like to persuade me into admiration, than of people who are simply being people; sinning openly and talking like drunken thieves. That's who they are on the outside, it's also who they are on the inside.
Rose Wynters, Voluptuous Vindication|Me too, Arch,” Jeremiah said. “I want an answer about my request to transfer. Even now, my balls are shrinking in anticipation of going back out in the cold. I said I'd give my life protecting humanity, but my balls were never in the bargain.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Mistletoe," said Luna dreamily, pointing at a large clump of white berries placed almost over Harry's head. He jumped out from under it. "Good thinking," said Luna seriously. "It's often infested with nargles.
Pamela Harju, The Truth about Tomorrow|It made him sad, realising that their smell was going to be gone for good one day. Even if they kept all their clothes, the scent would vanish eventually and become only a memory, just like everything else about them. Sometimes he thought he couldn’t even remember their voices anymore. There were photos of course, but it wasn’t the same. Although he had not hugged either of his parents in years, the thought of not being able to do so was too painful to bear, especially when he felt like he needed it. Eventually he would forget what it had felt like to be near his mum or what kind of a presence his father had. They were just going to be names, mere mentions in conversation that were glazed over and didn’t mean much to anybody.
C.S. Friedman, When True Night Falls|I sold my soul for knowledge of the future, only to have that very pact render me forever ignorant (Gerald Tarrant).
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|Home, to many of the people I interviewed, is a good, comfortable feeling about the place where they live, and a sense that their place is going to be theirs for a while....Home is any place, any experience that feeds his soul "in some positive way".
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|Comedians love people to point and laugh at them, even if they are not funny, naturists don't, no matter how funny they are.
John Michael Greer, Paths of Wisdom: Cabala in the Golden Dawn Tradition|Onyx prides itself on its award winning customer service, however some of the staff prefer to pride themselves on their outstanding blow job skills.
Robert Wesley Miller|As a result of my hike, I am much more inclined to "do" things. I will have fewer "should have done"s even if it means incurring some "wish I hadn't"s.
Christopher Walken|My whole life, I've been watching conductors. I was 7 the first time I played with a conductor. Seeing the ones that do it well, it's an amazing thing.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Strange, what being forced to slow down could do to a person.
Alex Morritt, Impromptu Scribe|Always accept good advices from others, they will help you out if you are facing any complications in life
Janet Frame, The Edge of the Alphabet|I maintained a tactical silence. When you maintain a tactical silence and look people right in the eye, as if drinking in their words, they talk. People like to be listened to, as every researcher knows--every researcher, every writer, every spy.
Henry David Thoreau|Once men are caught up in an event, they cease to be afraid. Only the unknown frightens men.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|One's-Self I Sing One's-self I sing, a simple separate person, Yet utter the word Democratic, the word En-Masse. Of physiology from top to toe I sing, Not physiognomy alone nor brain alone is worthy for the Muse, I say the Form complete is worthier far, The Female equally with the Male I sing. Of Life immense in passion, pulse, and power, Cheerful, for freest action form'd under the laws divine, The Modern Man I sing.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|I think it’s pretty common to hold onto people, to bribe them with things, say, a body, in the hopes of keeping them from leaving you. I don’t think it’s uncommon to invert such behaviors, to become something unlovable, in an effort to speed up the process of the inevitable. Fighting is an instinct. So is running. Everybody knows how to destroy a good thing. It’s easy.
Robin Sacredfire|The law of manifestation operates like a triangle: First, know what you want and visualize it as if you already had it; Second, see it behind the illusion of reality, practice it in your decisions, choose the people you hang out with, etc; Third, believe, have faith and work on your emotions to be at the right frequency. This triangle of manifestation is one of the secrets of many religions: Christianity, Scientology, and Freemasonry. In Masonry is seen as "heart, mind and desire"; in Scientology is perceived as "reality, communication and affinity"; in Christianity is understood as "Father, son and holy ghost"; basically, "actions, learnings and emotions". In Christianity, the Father equals reality or the Creator of the illusion, the son is the way, the path, he road of our decisions and actions, and the holy ghost is our heart, instincts and desires manifested in that same path. In word words, through Jesus, and with the power of the holy ghost, you reach God. This is an allegory that not many Christians can understand. Jesus represent behavior - right and wrong, the holy ghost is our faith, your heart and emotions reflecting back at you what you attract, it's the energy that connects you to your dreams, and God represents the Architect of Reality. So, through moral behavior and positive emotions, your understand God and life, and then you receive "paradise". This paradise is whatever you dream for yourself. Furthermore, if someone has shown you this way, he has been as an angel to you, a messenger of God; if someone stopped you from reaching it, he has been as a demon, a worker for Satan, the enemy, if you failed in seeing this path, you have redirected yourself towards hell. And if you hate your life, you are already in hell. If you want to get out of hell, you must accept the truth, and this truth is that you must know God, for He is the truth. He and the truth are one and the same.
Robert J. Shiller|There has no doubt to be fundamental research in science, but applied research is equally important for new improvements and changes in our techniques.
Sara Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|Once we set our sights on something we want," Ronan rasped, "we don't quit until we get it." She wasn't sure if he bent to her or she reached for him, but the end result was explosive. Ronan's mouth covered hers, and with a strangled groan, she opened to him immediately. His tongue sought entrance and lashed along hers with swift, furious strokes. Maddy's arms tightened around his neck as she met his greedy kiss with one of her own. Devoured - that's how she felt - and she couldn't get enough.
Jennifer Ehle|Parents always stay older than you, but sibling sort of become adults together, and that complicates that relationship, I think.
Kim Coleman Healy, From Beholding to Becoming: Praying Through the Life of Christ|Don’t pass my voice, what I said about! If you want to-pack the expression, the context and even the body language with it. Misunderstandings are like by-product of mishandling the whole transportation of what was said.
Christopher Farnsworth, Red, White, and Blood|Carol, a swing-shift cocktail waitress in the Bird of Paradise's show lounge had gotten home (guesswork, here) around 2:15 - 2:30, poured herself a glass of milk, and had opened the back door of the kitchen for reasons unknown. (Fingerprints were later found on the outside knob that, while smudged, didn't belong to either girl.)She had opened the door, and died. Suddenly, quietly, without disturbing her sleeping roommate only a few feet away.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Maybe nothing is completely true, and not even that.
Benjamin Hoff, The Te of Piglet|You're an intensely attractive woman. You do know that, don't you?" To her silence, he replied, "You'd believe me if you could see your
Serj Tankian|If you pour some music on whatever's wrong, it'll sure help out.
Laura Spinella, Perfect Timing|Any star can be devoured by human adoration, sparkle by sparkle.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Reveries of the Solitary Walker|You rarely know, in the moment, when it's the last time you'll do something. Most of the time, the whole thing just sneaks away in the night, never to be seen or heard from again, not even sending back so much as a postcard to say hello.
Charlotte Eriksson|... but I believe that music can change a life, because it changed mine.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Tree of Codes|You are neither coffee nor tea,you are just the right amount ofwhatever it is I’m trying to find.
Shannon L. Alder|A true gentleman is one that apologizes anyways, even though he has not offended a lady intentionally. He is in a class all of his own because he knows the value of a woman's heart.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|When you do talk to people, share what you are. Stop focusing on all the things that you aren’t. Stop focusing on all of the physical features that you think people won’t like about you. Stop focusing on your inabilities or lack of talent. Instead, focus on those physical features that you know people already love about you. Focus on your abilities and the talents that you do have. You have been blessed with all of the above, and that makes you worth getting to know in my book.
Plato|Then the lover, who is true and no counterfeit, must of necessity be loved by his love.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|People believe, thought Shadow. It's what people do. They believe. And then they will not take responsibility for their beliefs; they conjure things, and do not trust the conjurations. People populate the darkness; with ghosts, with gods, with electrons, with tales. People imagine, and people believe: and it is that belief, that rock-solid belief, that makes things happen.
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|Christ is all in the entire work of salvation. Let me just take you back to the period before this world was made. There was a time when this great world, the sun, the moon, the stars, and all which now exist throughout the whole of the vast universe, lay in the mind of God, like unborn forests in an acorn cup. There was a time when the Great Creator lived alone, and yet he could foresee that he would make a world, and that men would be born to people it; and in that vast eternity a great scheme was devised, whereby he might save a fallen race. Do you know who devised it? God planned it from first to last. Neither Gabriel nor any of the holy angels had anything to do with it. I question whether they were even told how God might be just, and yet save the transgressors. God was all in the drawing up of the scheme, and Christ was all in carrying it out. There was a dark and doleful night! Jesus was in the garden, sweating great drops of blood, which fell to the ground; nobody then came to bear the load that had been laid upon him. An angel stood there to strengthen him, but not to bear the sentence. The cup was put into his hands, and Jesus said, "Father, must I drink it?" and his Father replied, "If thou dost not drink, sinners cannot be saved"; and he took the cup and drained it to its very dregs. No man helped him. And when he hung upon that accursed tree of Calvary, when his precious hands were pierced, when: "From his head, his hands, his feet, Sorrow and love flowed mingled down," there was nobody to help him. He was "all" in the work of salvation. And, my friends, if any of you shall be saved, it must be by Christ alone. There must be no patchwork; Christ did it all, and will not be helped in the matter. Christ will not allow you, as some say, to do what you can, and leave him to make up the rest. What can you do that is not sinful? Christ has done all for us; the work of redemption is all finished. Christ planned it all, and worked out all; and we, therefore, preach a full salvation through Jesus Christ.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
Walt Mossberg|My background was in graphic design, but when I was doing it, it was all hand-drawn stuff, not computers.
Valerie Ann Worwood, The Fragrant Mind: Aromatherapy for Personality, Mind, Mood and Emotion|A Spiritual Discipline is an intentionally directed action which places us in a position to receive from God the power to do what we cannot accomplish on our own....The deep waters of God's life are already flowing. We simply learn the strokes that will enable us more and more to be at home in them....The human body is our power-pack of mind-body-spirit -- we discipline it in order to practice cooperation with God. (Life with God, p. 135-137)
Quetzal|You gleefully say, “I just thought of something!”, when in fact your brain performed an enormous amount of work before your moment of genius struck. When an idea is served up from behind the scenes, your neural circuitry has been working on it for hours or days or years, consolidating information and trying out new combinations. But you take credit without further wonderment at the vast, hidden machinery behind the scenes.
John Paul II, Love and Responsibility|Marriage is one salvation pathway among many, although it contains different possibilities.
Diana Janney, The Infinite Wisdom of Harriet Rose|Nana's French knickers were surely a symbol of liberty and abandonment, worn only by women who didn't care for conventional frills or superficial nametags. Those french knickers were flags blowing in the wind, like a statement of victory.
Tabitha Suzuma, A Voice in the Distance|Unicorns know naught of shame, or need, or doubt, or debt;But mortals, as you may have noticed, take what they can get.
Osamu Dazai|It struck me then, for the first time, how unethical anxiety is, how it voids the reality of other people by conscripting them as palliatives for your own fear.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, The Seven Deadly Sins|I have brought you the rose of love, and you have crowned me, in these dark hours, with their thorns.
Christopher Pike, Witch|We're not gods, Julia. We're helpers. That's all. People have called us terrible things in the past. But that was only because they didn't understand us. That understanding is for the future, a time not long from now. You may live to see it. Then perhaps you can work openly, but for now, keep your gifts to yourself. Never flaunt your abilities. Never think you hold the power of life and death. Only God has that power. When it's a person's time, nothing can save them.
T.T. Escurel, The Conservancy|There you go again, declaring the exact inverse of your experience. You human pups are so full of the things you're sure of. Sit down and listen for a change.
Robert Toombs|Martin Luther King was a misguided leader. He worked to be recognized as the leader of black America, when what black America needs isn't a leader - it is education. Giving speeches and marching - that's not the concept that brings about real freedom, equality and justice.
David McGee|Everyone who tells a story tells it differently, just to remind us that everybody sees it differently.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|Maybe knowledge is power, but it's damned hard to think a burglar to death.
Victoria Haugnes, Diary of the mad: A short story collection|And ever so slowly, she sits up, giving herself another chance. She realizes that nobody can make it better. She has to make it better for herself.
Israelmore Ayivor|stupidity: a process, not a state. A human being takes in far more information than he or she can put out. “Stupidity” is a process or strategy by which a human, in response to social denigration of the information she or he puts out, commits him or herself to taking in no more information than she or he can put out. (Not to be confused with ignorance, or lack of data.) Since such a situation is impossible to achieve because of the nature of mind/perception itself in its relation to the functioning body, a continuing downward spiral of functionality and/or informative dissemination results,’ and he understood why! ‘The process, however, can be reversed,’ the voice continued, ‘at any time.
Steven Redhead, Keys to The Laws of Creation|If you're a child of God, you do not just "go around once" on Earth. You don't get just one earthly life. You get another-one far better and without end. You'll inhabit the New Earth! You'll live with the God you cherish and the people you love as an undying person on an undying Earth.
Kevin E. Phillips, Employee Leaps: Leveraging Engagement by Applying Positive Strategies|In good organizations, leaders are treated with a sense of appreciation and respect by employees; in great organizations, employees are treated with the same esteem by leaders.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.
Saint Ambrose|When the last red man shall have perished from the earth and his memory among the white men shall have become a myth, these shores will swarm with the invisible dead of my tribe. The white man will never be alone. Let him be just and deal kindly with my people, for the dead are not powerless.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|I don't know what happened to me," he said, shaking his head. "I honestly don't." ... "You grew up, Alex.
Sadghuru|If you stand on the garbage heap of your mind, your feet will never touch the ground.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|So without any intentional, fancy way of adjusting yourself, to express yourself freely as you are is the most important thing to make yourself happy, and to make others happy... So we should be concentrated with our full mind and body on what we do; and we should be faithful, subjectively and objectively, to ourselves, and especially to our feelings... it is better to express how you feel without any particular attachment or intention.
Teri Garey|The Paranormal is entirely NORMAL. Furthermore, I believe the Supernatural is both SUPER and NATURAL. Paranormal and Supernatural experiences happen to ordinary folk like you and I, every day. Ain't it cool?
Muditha Champika, Decoding Mysteries Of Nature And The Universe: Comparison of Pure Buddhist Philosophy and Science|If there is no any patience, forbearance and forgiveness. Then there is no peace.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|PuppeteerJust because you tell me I'm beautifulAnd that I'm worth your whileYou expect me to feel like the luckiest girl in the worldSo I should lower my head, talk less, smile more, be more polite, bend to your will, kiss your feet?I will snap those stringsStrap on my six inch heelsI will be thunder and lightning and fire and every nightmare you are afraid ofI will be everything you can't handleWhen you wake up choking on your kool-aid of lies, you will not forget the fierce untamable tempestuous wave that swept you away
Terry Pratchett, Mort|There are two different kinds of people in the world. There are people who instinctively look for every chance to be a “victim” and those who look for every chance to rise above—regardless of where they are in life and what’s happening around them. There are people who realize their ability to create (greatly influence) reality toward a positive direction for themselves and those around them, and unfortunately those who use this power we all have for destructive purposes for themselves and others—many times without even knowing what they’re doing or the power they have inside themselves. We are all powerful individuals. Let’s use that power to create something beautiful!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Gentle Spirit|I worked it through with pride,I almost spoke without words, and i'm masterly at speaking without words.All my life I have spoken without words, and I have passed through whole tragedies on my own account without words
Ian Lamont, Personal Finance For Beginners In 30 Minutes, Volume 1: How to cut expenses, reduce debt, and better align spending & priorities|The quality of the problem that is found is a forerunner of the quality of the solution that is attained. It is in fact the discovery and creation of problems rather than any superior knowledge, technical skill, or craftsmanship, that often sets the creative person apart from others in his field.
Anne Carson, Decreation|Here we go mother on the shipless ocean.Pity us, pity the ocean, here we go.
Viorel Muha|The word is the beginning and silence the end. Between word and silence, we exist.
Martijn Benders|Something in me - probably a small, nationalist dwarf part of my brain - something in me would like to feel proud of Dutch literature. But its hard to when the annual 'book week gift' year in year out is granted to a male. I dont like being part of an unjust system. But let me say this: it is the election method that is the real problem here. The 'vergadering' (meeting) that employs a simple flagging system - the basic way almost everything is decided here, from literary prizes to how much money is divided - it is a system based on the destruction of subtle values. You cannot ever ever say: I didnt understand this book. You can only say 'yes' or 'no'. And that system, that annihilates all forms of subtlety, that system is patriarchal in all its essence. So its useless to simply maintain the method, and try alter the outcome.
Shahla Khan, I Want Back My Sparkle!: Breaking the Global Chains of Gender Slavery.|My stories are my children. Some are sweet infants that I coddle and care for. Others are old enough now, they need to damn well get a job!
Tom Lehman|When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work, ask him: 'Whose?'
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|But pity there was none. For all his old age, and his one arm, and his blind eyes, he must die the death and be murdered, in order to light the gay bridals and other merry-makings of men, and also to illuminate the solemn churches that preach unconditional inoffensiveness by all to all.
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|I stop stretching and face him, unwilling to back down from this visual standoff. I'm not going to let him perform his little Jedi mind tricks on me, no matter how much I wish I could perform them on him. He’s completely unreadable and even more unpredictable. It pisses me off.
Esha Gupta|Around the time I began starving, in the early eighties, the visual image had begun to supplant text as culture's primary mode of communication, a radical change because images work so differently than words: They're immediate, they hit you at levels way beneath intellect, they come fast and furious.
David Malouf, An Imaginary Life|So these things happen, deep in our lives. We do not speak of them. We hide them even from ourselves, but they do not leave us.
Tamron Hall|When I was a kid, back in the '40s, I was a voracious comic book reader. And at that time, there was a lot of patriotism in the comics. They were called things like 'All-American Comics' or 'Star-Spangled Comics' or things like that. I decided to do a logo that was a parody of those comics, with 'American' as the first word.
Heather Heffner, The Tribe of Ishmael|We fear what we don’t know, or whatever seems like a mystery to us.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|I don't desire a change of scenery or exotic experiences. My heart yearns for familiarity, stability, the comfort of home — and my sanity depends on it.
Vivek Wadhwa|There is international criminal organizations penetrating our southern based borders, and we need to do something about it. Secure the border, enforce the law, no amnesty, and go forward with the legal immigration system that gives priority to American working families and wages.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Art of Manifesting Abundance|It's a rare gift to be appreciated by even one person. In life, the majority may not ever notice you. Know You're still relevant. You're always great. There will always be countless varieties of energies on earth. Not just anyone- Nor will everyone see or hear the other, so its not at all personal. Nor is it even necessary for the majority to see you. Find time to appreciate and see yourself. Inside you will find your strength. It's in there. Stay true, Stay encouraged! If one person can make it then so can you. Oneness is what you are. If one gets there we all do. Say it again and again! Let the words echo throughout your being. Stay true to your dreams.
Lionel Fisher, Celebrating Time Alone: Stories Of Splendid Solitude|Thank you Father for another day, for another week, for another month and for another year. Your grace is sufficient for me.
Victor Hugo|Whatever it is that the government does, sensible Americans would prefer that the government do it to somebody else. This is the idea behind foreign policy.
Paul   Newman|But the law is an odd thing. For instance, one country in Europe has a law that requires all its bakers to sell bread at the exact same price. A certain island has a law that forbids anyone from removing its fruit. And a town not too far from where you live has a law that bars me from coming within five miles of its borders.
Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man|The difference between "active" and "busy" is that the former includes reflection and is directed, whereas the busy life feels out of control and does not seem purposeful or meaningful.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Annabeth didn’t want to sleep, but her body betrayed her. Her eyelids turned to lead. “Percy, wake me for second watch. Don’t be a hero.”He gave her that smirk she’d come to love. “Who, me?”He kissed her, his lips parched and feverishly warm. “Sleep.
Mickey Mantle|..Thirty's the end of being young, forty is where you stop fooling yourself.
Ibrahim Emile|I have a gift for you."She cocked a brow. "Is that right?""Yes. It'll require us to get naked."She looped her arm in his as they headed to the bedroom. "Is this gift something I've seen before?""Well ... maybe. But this gift can always be used in new and unique ways."She tilted her head back and laughed. "Best. Gift. Ever.
Martin Luther King Jr.|God picked you up, saved you and redeemed you, not only because He needs you, but because this present generation also needs you. You represent hope to several thousands of people.
Joey Truman, Postal Child|Many educators are loth to admit that the pursuit of pleasure might be a valid reason for drug use, or to recognize young people's curiosity, their need to experiment, to take risks and define their own boundaries.
A.E. Samaan|Hilly raises her voice about three octaves higher when she talks to coloured people. Elizabeth smiles like she's talking to a child, although certainly not her own. I am starting to notice things.
Eraldo Banovac|It is not acceptable that election winners interpret history. History should be left to historians who have a difficult task. They should try to avoid a one-sided or personal interpretation of history. Furthermore, some collective factors (such as national enthusiasm) may influence objectivity that is crucial for the interpretation of historical events.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|A Great Rabbi stands, teaching in the marketplace. It happens that a husband finds proof that morning of his wife's adultery, and a mob carries her to the marketplace to stone her to death.There is a familiar version of this story, but a friend of mine - a Speaker for the Dead - has told me of two other Rabbis that faced the same situation. Those are the ones I'm going to tell you.The Rabbi walks forward and stands beside the woman. Out of respect for him the mob forbears and waits with the stones heavy in their hands. 'Is there any man here,' he says to them, 'who has not desired another man's wife, another woman's husband?'They murmur and say, 'We all know the desire, but Rabbi none of us has acted on it.'The Rabbi says, 'Then kneel down and give thanks that God has made you strong.' He takes the woman by the hand and leads her out of the market. Just before he lets her go, he whispers to her, 'Tell the Lord Magistrate who saved his mistress, then he'll know I am his loyal servant.'So the woman lives because the community is too corrupt to protect itself from disorder.Another Rabbi. Another city. He goes to her and stops the mob as in the other story and says, 'Which of you is without sin? Let him cast the first stone.'The people are abashed, and they forget their unity of purpose in the memory of their own individual sins. ‘Someday,’ they think, ‘I may be like this woman. And I’ll hope for forgiveness and another chance. I should treat her as I wish to be treated.’As they opened their hands and let their stones fall to the ground, the Rabbi picks up one of the fallen stones, lifts it high over the woman’s head and throws it straight down with all his might it crushes her skull and dashes her brain among the cobblestones. ‘Nor am I without sins,’ he says to the people, ‘but if we allow only perfect people to enforce the law, the law will soon be dead – and our city with it.’So the woman died because her community was too rigid to endure her deviance.The famous version of this story is noteworthy because it is so startlingly rare in our experience. Most communities lurch between decay and rigor mortis and when they veer too far they die. Only one Rabbi dared to expect of us such a perfect balance that we could preserve the law and still forgive the deviation. So of course, we killed him.-San Angelo Letters to an Incipient Heretic
Margaret Thatcher|When you're wounded and left on Afghanistan's plains, and the women come out to cut up what remains, jest roll to your rifle and blow out your brains and go to your gawd like a soldier.
John Hockenberry, Moving Violations: War Zones, Wheelchairs, and Declarations of Independence|If Waterboarding is okay, then why don't we let our police do it to criminals so they can find out what they know? Because it's against the law. If we're not going to be a country that stand's for the rule of law, when it's convenient or inconvenient, then what DO we stand for.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Expositing. John 14, the speaker explains that the Holy Spirit making His home with us involves Him exposing other areas of our lives for repentance, regeneration, and renewal.
Connie Brockway, The Bridal Season|She'd stood by that creed. No softness, because the world wasn't soft; lots of laughter, because if you were in on the joke, the joke couldn't be on you; And no wanting what you couldn't take, because the world never gave.Or so she'd thought.
Pyreglide|I think where I am not, therefore I am where I do not think. I am not whenever I am the plaything of my thought; I think of what I am where I do not think to think.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|Do whatever you want. Break stuff, touch your penis or boobs to anything, whatever.
Peter Arshinov, History of the Makhnovist Movement, 1918-21|Proletarians of the world, look into the depths of your own beings, seek out the truth and realise it yourselves: you will find it nowhere else.
Diane Wood Middlebrook, Her Husband: Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath - A Marriage|But artists didn't need to achieve "firsts", and Hughes wanted to be an artist.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Old Path White Clouds: Walking in the Footsteps of the Buddha|The left-hand path adept seeks to liberate him/herself from passive subjection to the illusory nature of Maya, thus freeing the consciousness from the binds of self-created delusion.
Srikanth Kosuru|When you don't find a way... don't wait every time for others, Sometimes you have to be your own angel.
Andi  Jones, Living Without Limits: A Memoir by Andi Jones|Be contented as what you are even if it is big or small, great or not, 'cause it's still a blessings.
Alexander McCall Smith, Espresso Tales|I have a feeling that we've seen the dismantling of civilisation, brick by brick, and now we're looking into the void. We thought that we were liberating people from oppressive cultural circumstances, but we were, in fact, taking something away from them. We were killing off civility and concern. We were undermining all those little ties of loyalty and consideration and affection that are necessary for human flourishing. We thought that tradition was bad, that it created hidebound societies, that it held people down. But, in fact, what tradition was doing all along was affirming community and the sense that we are members of one another. Do we really love and respect one another more in the absence of tradition and manners and all the rest? Or have we merely converted one another into moral strangers - making our countries nothing more than hotels for the convenience of guests who are required only to avoid stepping on the toes of other guests?
Alan Moore, Watchmen|It is not by muscle, speed, or physical dexterity that great things are achieved, but by reflection, force of character, and judgment.
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|Life is a manifestation of the unified field of consciousness. Colors, beauty, pleasure and pain are its songs of creation.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Children of the same family, the same blood, with the same first associations and habits, have some means of enjoyment in theirpower, which no subsequent connections can supply..
Carol Ann Duffy|I was never a girl who dreamed about what her wedding day would be like, but I've always dreamed about decorating my baby's nursery.
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|Where life used to feel overcrowded, it now feels boundless as the sky. Where I used to feel shackled, I am now free to dance.
Steven Spielberg|Exercise is amazing, from the inside out. I feel so alive and have more energy.
A.D.  Evans, Born Wicked|I turned back to the shrike, but the beak of his mask grazed up my neck and warm lips brushed my ear. Thrills coursed through me, but I didn't move until he started away. I caught his hand. "Wait."He'd felt right. I knew who I needed him to be, even if the way we'd danced was not how- That kind of passion he reserved for music. Not me.A cold breeze made me shiver as I tightened my grip on his. Stepped closer. Searched his eyes. His lips tilted up at one corner, like amusement. I'd known, but still, the familiar expression stunned me so much I almost didn't act.I kissed him.Rather, I pressed my mouth against his and hoped he wouldn't run. It would probably kill me. Three long seconds and he only gasped and tightened his hands on my back. Then, with a soft moan, he opened his mouth and kissed me. It wasn't an easy, sweet kiss like I'd imagined my first would be, but frustraeted and hungry. That was good, better than easy and sweet, because after everything, I was frustrated and hungry for him, too.His beak scraped my cheek, but I ignored it while the tip of his tongue danced over my lips.
Christie Ridgway, An Offer He Can't Refuse|Hadn’t retired reporter Stan warned him of how protective Cosimo was of his granddaughters? What if the Carusos had discovered his identity and wanted to rub him out as they’d rubbed out his father?Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now andat the hour of our death.
Carol Petrie|Frederick left the young couple gazing into each other’s eyes. Revolting, the way otherwise sensible people could carry on, he decided. Something to do with being married, no doubt. Perhaps it damaged the brain.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic to the Stars|It's all a game. And if you don't want to play, maybe you shouldn't come to Hollywood.
Sami Abouzid|Love Is burning In my heart ,,,,,,,,,Why You’re tearingapart ……..I’m your lover girl ……Don’t Break the rules of love ……Oh you’re playinga game…Tonight ………Love will be out Of sight ……………
Rebecca McNutt|A lot of people who read my novel 'Smog City' ask me why I never killed off either of the two main characters. To be honest, it's because I've given them life. Not literally of course, but since I spent so much time developing and creating my characters, they've ended up with complex personalities, in fact they're almost sentient in a way, and to write them off as dead would be like killing a close friend to me.
Michael Greger|As a kid, I was always mad - just noticing the women at Thanksgiving, running around the kitchen, while the men were watching football. For one, I don't want to cook, and for two, I hate football. I was stuck in the middle.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|While you're deep in something, you never say or do what you need to. It's always after the fact, when it's too late, that you realize what you should've said or done.
Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux|And hope is like love...a ridiculous, wonderful, powerful thing.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It's silly to think the left eye would envy the right or that one foot would be jealous of the other, and yet so often it is the case.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|In the past, modeling influences were largely confined to the styles of behavior and social practices in one's immediate community. The advent of television vastly expanded the range of models to which members of society are exposed day in and day out.
Eddie  Capparucci|When it comes to worry, our problem is we fear an invisible future that a timeless God has seen. Perhaps you should talk to Him about it.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|It's not a big thing, but I guess it's true- big things are often just small things that are noticed.
Raphael Zernoff|Everything with no exception is a choice. The choice can be either conscious or unconscious depending on the level of self-awareness. The more self-aware we become, the faster we can make our unconscious choices known to us.
Jennifer  Patterson, Queering Sexual Violence: Radical Voices from Within the Anti-Violence Movement|I can line up these moments of violence, precariously as dominoes. Sometimes I worry they will all fall; knocking each other down, knocking me down. Sometimes they do. Violence left me hollow. It left me enraged. It left me desperately needing to leave a body I couldn't trust. But most frustrating of all, violence left me too wounded to claim the space I needed in order to find fulfillment in the arms, heart, and body of a queer relationship.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|In the soft light of morning, the sky outside turning light blue, my answer is always and still: “I’m fine.
Katie Reus, Retribution|She wanted to ride him, to feel all that strength pulsing beneath her, but the most primitive part of her brain knew that this first time, he was going to be on top. A man like Declan was dominant to his core.
C. JoyBell C.|In this world, it is too common for people to search for someone to lose themselves in. But I am already lost. I will look for someone to find myself in.
Tyler Cowen|Because you have things like 'American Idol' and you've got radio stations that play music made entirely by computers, it's easy to forget there are bands with actual people playing actual instruments that rock.
Steve Goodier|Don’t live in the past – you’ve already been there. And don’t live in the future, either. Tomorrow will be here soon enough. Live in this moment now – it is sacred and unrepeatable. This moment alone holds valuable gifts that should not be missed.
J.R.    Miller|It is impossible to estimate full influence of the reading of the Word in a home day after day and year after year. It filters into the hearts of the young. It is absorbed into their souls. It colors all their thoughts. It is wrought into the very fiber of their minds. It imbues them with its own spirit. It’s holy teachings become the principles of their lives, which rule their conduct and shape all their actions.
Jeff Shaara|But then, she wonders,just what kind of man would ever give her the courage to marry at all- to overcome that dreadful fear of death that seemed always to accompany the very thought of love? It was illogical, idiotic and childish. And yet the child was with her always; and always she would be afraid unless someone could place a light down there inside that dark and chilly heart of hers and chase all the ghosts away - the ghosts of Katherine Howard, of Jane Seymour and, not least, that of her own poor mother. They accompanied her always, those spirits - especially at this kind of time, a time of being alone, of being feminine and reflective. They would all gather round to whisper in her ear and warn her - so that even as she looks up once more into her mirror she almost expects to see them there, ranged behind her shoulders, their faces full of concern and anxiety. Never trust them - never trust the men, for they will betray you always the moment you surrender to them!
Hermann Hesse, Gertrude|One of the few things my father says when he's had a few that I agree with is that kids don't have much balls in this generation. Some of them are trying to start the revolution by bombing U.S. government washrooms, but none of them are throwing Molotov cocktails at the Pentagon.
Donald W. Black, DSM-5 Guidebook: The Essential Companion to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders|Narcissistic personality disorder is named for Narcissus, from Greek mythology, who fell in love with his own reflection. Freud used the term to describe persons who were self-absorbed, and psychoanalysts have focused on the narcissist's need to bolster his or her self-esteem through grandiose fantasy, exaggerated ambition, exhibitionism, and feelings of entitlement.
George Steiner, Real Presences|Our sense of what American English is has upended our relationship to articulateness, our approach to writing, and how (and whether) we impart it to the young, our interest in poetry, and our conception of what it is, and even our response to music and how we judge it.
Groucho Marx|Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|I think all artists struggle to represent the geometryof life in their own way, just like writers deal witharchetypes. There are only so many stories that you cantell, but an infinite number of storytellers.
A.E. Via|What. Are. You. Doing. Here?” Day snapped each word this time."You’re not the only one that can track your lover,” God said smugly while holding up his phone with the application still open.Day’s mouth fell open and the shade of red he turned was priceless. He decided to get rid of their excess company and take Day back with him. God looked at Day’s date and put on his best run-for-your-life face and spat menacingly. “Leave. Now.”“No,” Day spoke before his date could move. “You don’t have to go anywhere, Mick.”God looked back to Day and spoke in a harsh growl without moving his eyes from his partner’s. “Mick, I say leave now. He says to stay. Whatever will you do?”Mick turned and ran so fast his image turned into a blur.“That takes care of that,” God said.Day pushed God out of his space and turned to walk away without another word.
John F. Kennedy|A healthy social life is found only when, in the mirror of each soul, the whole community finds its reflection, and when, in the whole community, the virtue of each one is living.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Self-reflection is an important stage to diagnose, develop and strengthen your creativity.
Adrienne Rich|Behind all art is an element of desire...Love of life, of existence, love of another human being, love of human beings is in some way behind all art — even the most angry, even the darkest, even the most grief-stricken, and even the most embittered art has that element somewhere behind it. Because how could you be so despairing, so embittered, if you had not had something you loved that you lost?
Cassandra Clare, Saving Raphael Santiago|The earliest intelligence of the travellers' safe arrival at Antigua, after a favourable voyage, was received; though not before Mrs. Norris had been indulging in very dreadful fears, and trying to make Edmund participate them whenever she could get him alone; and as she depended on being the first person made acquainted with any fatal catastrophe, she had already arranged the manner of breaking it to all the others, when Sir Thomas's assurances of their both being alive and well made it necessary to lay by her agitation and affectionate preparatory speeches for a while.
Petek Kabakci|SENSES, APPEARANCE and ESSENCEThe world we see through our senses are very different than the world we see through our essence. Senses perceive the world of appearance. The first step of perceiving the world of essence is not to have any goal other than to understand. "Understanding" has to be the ultimate goal. Then, we can solve the problems.
Atom Tate|The first thing I fell in love with about Orthodoxy was that my opinions are irrelevant, which is a sign of the preservation of Truth. I wanted a sound and stable faith, one that was maintained and preserved, not one that was changed and influenced by the tastes and opinions of sinners like me.
Chelsea M. Cameron, For Real|Sex is one of those things that's complete loss of control. You give yourself up, in your most vulnerable state, to another person, and they give themselves to you.
Debasish Mridha|I may not be able to help you as much as I want, but I promise I will help you as much as I can.
Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs|Something else you should really know about me. When I get nervous, my fingers shake. I’ve noticed this a lot recently. When mother and father argue and their voices are falling around the small family apartment, when their voices are banging against my bedroom door, I can feel my fingers start to move. I tell my fingers to stop and, sometimes, they do. But if I look at my hands closely, once I’ve told them to stop, and I try to focus on keeping them as still as possible, I notice that they are still moving.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Ours was not one of those nice, quaintly old-fashioned mobile homes that senior citizens putter around in. We lived in the beat-up tin can of clichéd poverty.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love is the sister to Truth, but they differ in two ways. You must go to Truth to find her. She will never come looking for you. However, you are never to go looking for her sister Love. Love will find you in your own divine timing, when you are ready for her. So don't look, she will come. She always does.
Edmund Spenser, Daphna|I hate the day, because it lendeth lightTo see all things, but not my love to see.
Rebecca McKinsey, Sydney West|There seem to be two main types of people in the world, crosswords and sudokus.
Adyashanti|Do not think that enlightenment is going to make you special, it’s not. If you feel special in any way, then enlightenment has not occurred. I meet a lot of people who think they are enlightened and awake simply because they have had a very moving spiritual experience. They wear their enlightenment on their sleeve like a badge of honor. They sit among friends and talk about how awake they are while sipping coffee at a cafe. The funny thing about enlightenment is that when it is authentic, there is no one to claim it. Enlightenment is very ordinary; it is nothing special. Rather than making you more special, it is going to make you less special. It plants you right in the center of a wonderful humility and innocence. Everyone else may or may not call you enlightened, but when you are enlightened the whole notion of enlightenment and someone who is enlightened is a big joke. I use the word enlightenment all the time; not to point you toward it but to point you beyond it. Do not get stuck in enlightenment.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I went on spouting bullshit Encouragements as Gus's parents, arm in arm, hugged each other and nodded at every word. Funerals, I had decided, are for the living.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|You’re too beautiful for your own good. Once you leave, we’ll have to send some of the guards with you. You’ll never survive on your own, poor thing.
José Luís Peixoto, Antídoto|Memory is like a curse. We fall into eternity, and memory is a weight that keeps pulling us to where we can never go back to.
Franz Kafka|I have hardly anything in common with myself and should stand very quietly in a corner, content that I can breathe.
Herry Thakur|Don’t give explanation to anyone because who believes you, no need and who do not will not agree.
Jay Woodman|just find your way, like a river settling into its bed, and the sigh of the wind over a lake, light but restful... content with the joy in the arc of an arm throwing a ball for a dog to fetch
Ioana-Cristina Casapu, Deviații de stereo|Outside the seasons passed: sun, snow, spring green, October storms . . . was this a vision of my future? When would the shunning hero come, to set the clock if my life in motion again? Would he come some morning, or in the night? In April or December? This year? Next year? I shuddered. No, I wouldn't just sit and wait. I wanted to go out. Maybe there were new men out there, better men, men who'd just been waiting for me. Somewhere someone is always waiting for someone.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Having a relationship with people of questionable character is like playing with a razor blade on your skin, and pretending to observe that it is harmful to your body.
Kristin Kimball|It's not the deprivations of winter that get you, or the damp of spring, but the no-man's land between.
Nalo Hopkinson, The Salt Roads|We are all here, all the powers of the Ginen lives for all the centuries that they have been in existence, and we all fight. We change when change is needed. We are a little different in each place that the Ginen have come to rest, and any one of is already many powers. No cancer can fell us all, no blight cover us completely.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|A moment of torture feels like an eternity, while an eternity of joy passes in a moment. Perhaps time is naught but an illusion.
John Lennon|As I often say, we have come a long way from the days of slavery, but in 2014, discrimination and inequality still saturate our society in modern ways. Though racism may be less blatant now in many cases, its existence is undeniable.
Robert Ferrigno, Heart of the Assassin|Now, standing here, it is clear as day: more than anything else, you want to find words for what you feel and think and everything that is dark. And then this terrifying thought hits you: Yes, your father wrote poetry to find a language for his wounds. Yes, you in your own way have become your father
Jeanette Winterson, Weight: The Myth of Atlas and Heracles|Atlas said, 'Must my future be so heavy?' Hera said, 'That is your present, Atlas. Your future hardens every day, but it is not fixed.' 'How can I escape my fate?' 'You must choose your destiny.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|I refused to show my fear, lock it down, Huntress.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Now this was possible only by a man determining himself entirely *rationally* according to concepts, not according to changing impressions and moods. But as only the maxims of our conduct, not the consequences or circumstances, are in our power, to be capable of always remaining consistent we must take as our object only the maxims, not the consequences and circumstances, and thus the doctrine of virtue is again introduced.”—from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Paye in two volumes: volume I, p. 89
Elizabeth I, Collected Works|As for my own part I care not for death, for all men are mortal; and though I be a woman yet I have as good a courage answerable to my place as ever my father had. I am your anointed Queen. I will never be by violence constrained to do anything. I thank God I am indeed endowed with such qualities that if I were turned out of the realm in my petticoat I were able to live in any place in Christendom.
Chirag Tulsiani|However much they may smile at her, the old inhabitants would miss Tillie. Her stories give them something to talk about and to conjecture about, cut off as they are from the restless currents of the world. The many naked little sandbars which lie between Venice and the mainland, in the seemingly stagnant water of the lagoons, are made habitable and wholesome only because, every night, a foot and a half of tide creeps in from the sea and winds its fresh brine up through all that network of shining waterways. So, into all the little settlements of quiet people, tidings of what their boys and girls are doing in the world bring real refreshment; bring to the old, memories, and to the young, dreams.
Mary Oliver|Wild GeeseYou do not have to be good.You do not have to walk on your kneesfor a hundred miles through the desert, repenting.You only have to let the soft animal of your body love what it loves.Tell me about despair, yours, and I will tell you mine.Meanwhile the world goes on.Meanwhile the sun and the clear pebbles of the rainare moving across the landscapes,over the prairies and the deep trees,the mountains and the rivers.Meanwhile the wild geese, high in the clean blue air,are heading home again.Whoever you are, no matter how lonely,the world offers itself to your imagination,calls to you like the wild geese, harsh and exciting –over and over announcing your placein the family of things.
Jeffrey Kluger|Without in any way minimising the economic and psychological blow that people experience when they lose their jobs, the unemployed in affluent countries still have a safety net, in the form of social security payments, and usually free healthcare and free education for their children. They also have sanitation and safe drinking water.
Liane Moriarty, The Last Anniversary|You can think something is one way all your life, and it turns out you're wrong, it can be something else entirely.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, The Long Winter|Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.
John Milton|He who thinks we are to pitch our tent here, and have attained the utmost prospect of reformation that the mortal glass wherein we contemplate can show us, till we come to beatific vision, that man by this very opinion declares that he is yet far short of truth.
Micheline Jean Louis|There is a journey that’s waiting for you, you will make great discoveries, you will find treasures and hidden powers, it’s a journey divinely design just for you, Today be brave in self-love and start the journey within yourself, There God is waiting to show you his masterpiece of love.
Maya Angelou|Wine and cheese are ageless companions, like aspirin and aches, or June and moon, or good people and noble ventures.
Donna Lynn Hope|If they were there for you when you had nothing, they are the ones worth having now. If they only notice you because of what you have gained, are they worth having at all?
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|If she was going to remain an engaged lady, then she would make the most of it, and one of the ways to do this would be to enjoy her free time.
Paul Bowles, The Sheltering Sky|Whereas the tourist generally hurries back home at the end of a few weeks or months, the traveler belonging no more to one place than to the next, moves slowly over periods of years, from one part of the earth to another. Indeed, he would have found it difficult to tell, among the many places he had lived, precisely where it was he had felt most at home.
Dalai Lama|Wealth brings with it refinement, the spirit of conservation, while poverty inspires adventurous ideas, the desire to change things, and has little care for life.
William James|Now, my dear little girl, you have come to an age when the inward life develops and when some people (and on the whole those who have most of a destiny) find that all is not a bed of roses. Among other things there will be waves of terrible sadness, which last sometimes for days; irritation, insensibility, etc., etc., which taken together form a melancholy. Now, painful as it is, this is sent to us for an enlightenment. It always passes off, and we learn about life from it, and we ought to learn a great many good things if we react on it right. (For instance, you learn how good a thing your home is, and your country, and your brothers, and you may learn to be more considerate of other people, who, you now learn, may have their inner weaknesses and sufferings, too.) Many persons take a kind of sickly delight in hugging it; and some sentimental ones may even be proud of it, as showing a fine sorrowful kind of sensibility. Such persons make a regular habit of the luxury of woe. That is the worst possible reaction on it. It is usually a sort of disease, when we get it strong, arising from the organism having generated some poison in the blood; and we mustn't submit to it an hour longer than we can help, but jump at every chance to attend to anything cheerful or comic or take part in anything active that will divert us from our mean, pining inward state of feeling. When it passes off, as I said, we know more than we did before. And we must try to make it last as short as time as possible. The worst of it often is that, while we are in it, we don't want to get out of it. We hate it, and yet we prefer staying in it—that is a part of the disease. If we find ourselves like that, we must make something ourselves to some hard work, make ourselves sweat, etc.; and that is the good way of reacting that makes of us a valuable character. The disease makes you think of yourself all the time; and the way out of it is to keep as busy as we can thinking of things and of other people—no matter what's the matter with our self.
Venus in Furs - Illustrated Edition|When you can look into the mirror and see yourself as the beautiful woman I do, then I'll know I've given you the one gift no one can ever take away.
Karen Traviss, Aspho Fields|If I had one sermon to preach, it would be a sermon against Pride. The more I see of existence...the more I am convinced of the reality of the old religious thesis, that all evil began with some attempt at superiority; some moment when, as we might say, the very skies were cracked across like a mirror, because there was a sneer in Heaven.
Issey Miyake|With the clothes I design, I think about my friends, how I'd want them to dress, what I'd want them to wear.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|In all its beautiful, tragic fragility, there was still life.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Your personal brand is your promise of value to the world, and your commitment to deliver distinctively with every skill developed and talents you have been gifted with.
Robin Sacredfire|The worst evil is that most subtle evil. It is the evil that is merely 'base' which is more evil than evil itself. For it is the one closest to righteousness, the one indistinguishable and doused in virtue.
Diane Ackerman, An Alchemy of Mind: The Marvel and Mystery of the Brain|I know that happy things and fun things eventually come to an end. But things that are scary and sad come to an end, too. They always do. Even if you can’t always believe that…please don’t give up. Live. I want you to live. Even if you make a mistake. Even if you take the long way. It’s still okay. Just please…please, live. Don’t give up on pushing forward. Please. At least don’t give up on that. Even if I’m not by your side, it’s still okay. It’s okay.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|Promise me Deewan bhai, you will not let Safeena become another Bilal.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some women’s greatest achievement is sleeping with a man who is rich, famous, and/or wanted by many women, whereas some women’s greatest achievement is refusing to sleep with such a man.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Everybody should be able to enjoy their life, because you only live once. So I just want to get it all out there and be the best role model that I can be, if people want to put me in that kind of predicament. I mean, I didn't ask to be a role model, because I'm not perfect.
Anaïs Nin|The man who was once starved may revenge himself upon the world not by stealing just once, or by stealing only what he needs, but by taking from the world an endless toll in payment of something irreplaceable, which is the lost faith.
Vaclav Havel|If you come to a negotiation table saying you have the final truth, that you know nothing but the truth and that is final, you will get nothing.
Unknown|Men, I say, but better to call them human spiders that go crawling in between and under the tables with rags in their hands, crushed humans...) Quotes from readers choice of MK Gandhi and his efforts to regenerate the human being,
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|We treat desire as a problem to be solved, address what desire is for and focus on that something and how to acquire it rather than on the nature and the sensation of desire, though often it is the distance between us and the object of desire that fills in the space in between with the blue of longing. I wonder sometimes whether with a slight adjustment of perspective it could be cherished as a sensation in its own terms, since it is as inherent to the human condition as blue is to distance?
Elena Ferrante|I have great respect for you - once you are dead, and gone
Debasish Mridha|Be a leader with a ladder, not a boss with an order.
Siobhan Fallon|Be safe, she whispered. Then she closed her eyes and said in a low, broken monotone, "I love you.KailaniSiobhan Fallon
Suad Amiry, Golda Slept Here|When it comes to Jews, you have a two-thousand-year memory, but when it comes to us Palestinians, you have a sixty-year amnesia.
Terry Tarnoff, The Bone Man of Benares: A Lunatic Trip Through Love and the World|I thought back to Europe, where this journey began, then to Berkeley and even Madison, where the plans were first hatched. I thought about how the road led through Amsterdam, Paris and Greece, how for Guy and Sarah it continued through Central Asia, and how for me it detoured through East Africa. I thought about how many people had started off on this same journey, and how few had made it this far. I thought about how, of all the possible destinations this was the farthest outpost, the most remote spot of all - Kathmandu was the end of the road.
Jay Doll|Every morning you are reborn, and prove it worthwhile.
Garth Nix, Sabriel|If the present world go astray, the cause is in you, in you it is to be sought.
Lewis Buzbee, The Yellow-Lighted Bookshop: A Memoir, a History|I've had many more thousands of books in my possession than my shelves at home would indicate. At one time, I tried to keep them all, but that quest soon became impossible; I now only keep the ones I'm sure I'm going to reread, the ones I'm definitely going to read before I die, and the ones I can't bear to part with because of an aesthetic or emotional attachment.
Dermot Bolger, The Journey Home|I really knew nothing about the dancing habits of the Scottish. But I wanted to help. "I could teach them Indian folk dances," I offered, scrounging my mind for school dances in gaudy garments."Well, I'm not sure that they would be complex enough for competitions," she said. Pursing her lips, she blushed a dark, deep red. I knew I had said something wrong, but it took me a few days to understand the reason for Miss Manson's disapproval and discomfort. She blushed a beetroot red because I had unwittingly questioned the core belief of the school: British was Better.
Anna Quindlen|The key to forming good habits is to make them part of your 'rituals.' I have a morning ritual, afternoon ritual, and Sunday ritual. It's one way to bundle good habits into regular times that you set aside to prepare yourself for the life you want. Rituals help you form habits.
ikke achmad|I don’t know what you’re talking about, but any organization that claims you for a member doesn’t get to call itself sinister, whether you’re left-handed or not. I would be insulted to be offered membership in such a namby-pamby organization. It would be like the Archbishop of Canterbury calling a select club of his compatriots ‘Bad, Bad Bishops’.”Marshall sniggered.“Watch out for the clergy,” Edward said. “They’re absolutely wild. Sometimes they have an extra biscuit at tea.
Keith Haring|Censorship is never over for those who have experienced it. It is a brand on the imagination that affects the individual who has suffered it, forever.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|I think all the heretics I have known have been virtuous men. They have the virtue of fortitude, or they would not venture to own their heresy; and they cannot afford to be deficient in any of the other virtues, as they would give advantage to their many enemies; and they have not, like orthodox sinners, such a number of friends to excuse or justify them.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|There was Babylon and Nineveh; they were built of brick. Athens was gold marble columns. Rome was held up on broad arches of rubble. In Constantinople the minarets flame like great candles round the Golden Horn… Steel, glass, tile, concrete will be the materials of the skyscraper. Crammed on the narrow island the millionwindowed buildings will just glittering, pyramid on pyramid like the white cloudhead above a thunderstorm.
Kenneth H. Blanchard|The leader’s Attitude is like a thermostat for the place she works. If her attitude is good, the atmosphere is pleasant, and the environment is easy to work in. But if her attitude is bad, the temperature is insufferable.
Isaac Asimov|You must keep sending work out; you must never let a manuscript do nothing but eat its head off in a drawer. You send that work out again and again, while you're working on another one. If you have talent, you will receive some measure of success - but only if you persist.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|It's not the best life in the world, but it's all I know.
Becky Masterman|Oh, man, she's gonna love you,' Max said. 'Physically. A lot.
Jenna Morasca|Who dares nothing, need hope for nothing.
Emily Dickinson|Faith is a fine inventionWhen gentlemen can see,But microscopes are prudentIn an emergency.
Fuminori Nakamura, The Kingdom|Sometimes a high moon, liquid-brilliant, scudded across a hollow space and took cover under electric, brown-iridescent cloud-edges.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We’ve tried calling sin “errors” or mistakes” or “poor judgment,” but sin itself has stayed the same. No matter how we try to salve our conscience, we’ve known all along that men are still sinners; and the results of sin are still disease, disappointment, disillusionment, despair, and death.
Sean J Halford, Stronger Than Lions|I’ve spent a lot of time in the States, and the Big Country elates and irritates me simultaneously. It is a big boy child that frequently needs a hug: sometimes needing the prissiness of the world to remind it that its voice is not the only one. Africa is older and wiser, a poor grandmother, a pillaged woman, but still a strong woman. She knows she is a daughter of Earth. There are the sexy aunts of Asia and Europe, and of course, the fussy, once histrionic mother that is Britain. But it was Africa taught America the lesson of liberty.
Mark Twain|I've never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure.
René Descartes, Meditations on First Philosophy|When I turn my mind's eye upon myself, I understand that I am a thing which is incomplete and dependent on another and which aspires without limit to ever greater and better things...
Veronica Roth|If she's in pain now she doesn't show it; she just closes her eyes and surrenders, and that is worse than her screaming for help, somehow.
Jonathan Maberry|The top experts in the world are ardent students. The day you stop learning, you're definitely not an expert.
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|One person does make a difference. Jesus was one person. He made a difference. Stop telling the Lord that the problem is too big. Stop looking at your problem. The more you look at the problem, the bigger it gets. God is bigger than that problem. Keep your eyes on God! Let God be bigger than your feats! You are one person, but you have the life of God on the inside of you. You can and will make a difference!
Sarah Ban Breathnach|I have an awesome church home and an awesome Pastor down in L.A., and I couldn't be happier.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|I'm sure, the highest capacity of storage device, will not enough to record all our stories; because, everytime with you is very valuable data
Satish Kumar, The Buddha and the Terrorist|The convoluted wording of legalisms grew up around the necessity to hide from ourselves the violence we intend toward each other. Between depriving a man of one hour from his life and depriving him of his life there exists only a difference of degree. You have done violence to him, consumed his energy. Elaborate euphemisms may conceal your intent to kill, but behind any use of power over another the ultimate assumption remains: "I feed on your energy.
Frances O'Grady|The rights of one sex, political and otherwise, are the same as those of the other sex, and this equality of rights ought to be fully recognized.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|Because women can do nothing except love, they've given it a ridiculous importance. They want to persuade us that it's the whole of life. It's an insignificant part.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With grace, we find the strength within to reach the goal.
Nourhan Mamdouh|Set me free, let me be me, let me fly, fly high and away, let me breathe freedom...
Grady Hendrix, My Best Friend's Exorcism|For Abby, "friend" is a word whose sharp corners have been worn smooth by overuse. "I'm friends with the guys in IT," she might say, or "I'm meeting some friends after work."But she remembers when the word "friend" could draw blood. She and Gretchen spent hours ranking their friendships, trying to determine who was a best friend and who was an everyday friend, debating whether anyone could have two best friends at the same time, writing each other's names over and over in purple ink, buzzed on the dopamine high of belonging to someone else, having a total stranger choose you, someone who wanted to know you, another person who cared that you were alive.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|And I said, 'That last thing is what you can't get, Carlo. Nobody can get to that last thing. We keep on living in hopes of catching it once and for all.
Frank Close, The Void|We have not been created out of nothing, but from primeval "ur-matter," atoms formed billions of years ago that have for a brief while been gathered into collections that think they are us.
Renee Carlino, Before We Were Strangers|And then his lips were on mine and we were in it, pulling away from the past and rushing fast into the future.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Price controls almost invariably produce black markets, where prices are not only higher than the legally permitted prices, but also higher than they would be in a free market, since the legal risks must also be compensated. While small-scale black markets may function in secrecy, large-scale black markets usually require bribes to officials to look the other way.
|If God is with you, it wouldn't matter anymore who is against you.
Sara Quin|We cannot love a person with an all accepting, transcending and encompassing love without being hurt somewhat, without being disappointed, without being failed of our expectations. We cannot love without being broken, yet we cannot continue in love without being stronger than our brokenness.
Howard Rheingold|I don't hate technology, I don't hate hackers, because that's just what comes with it, without those hackers we wouldn't solve the problems we need to solve, especially security.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|They sought each other, missed each other, at cocktail parties, in train terminals, at flower shops, their fin de siecle Nokias gaining symbolic power with each scene.
Dada Bhagwan|When you make ‘adjustments’ with everyone, that indeed is the highest of all religion (dharma).
Steve Goodier|Sometimes God doesn't deny, he delays.
Giacomo Casanova, The Story of My Life|There is no such thing as a perfectly happy or perfectly unhappy man in the world. One has more happiness in his life and another more unhappiness, and the same circumstance may produce widely different effects on individuals of different temperaments.
Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe|So many questionsbut nothing to say,in this current momentwe are still so farfrom the answers.
David Foster Wallace, Consider the Lobster and Other Essays|It is very wrong to kill any one[.]""Oh, I hate the cheap severity of abstract ethics!
Debasish Mridha|If I can’t sing, then let me listen to the songs of the wilderness and let me watch the dance of a lonely leaf.
Clarice Lispector, The Hour of the Star|I just remembered a time when to warm up my spirit I prayed: movement is spirit. Prayer was a means of mutely and hidden from others reaching myself. When I prayed I achieved an emptiness of soul - and that emptiness is all I can ever have. Besides that, nothing. But the emptiness has the value and appearance of plenty. One way of getting is not looking, one way of having is not asking and only believing that the silence I believe to be inside me is the answer to my - to my mystery.
Megan Abbott, Dare Me|Hey, it’s Col. I’m standing in a soybean field outside of Gutshot, Tennessee, which is a long story, and it’s hot. K. I’m standing here sweating like I had hyperhidrosis, that disease where you sweat a lot. Crap. That’s not interesting. But anyway, it’s hot, and so I’m thinking about cold to stay cool. And I was remembering walking through the snow coming back from the ridiculous movie. Do you remember that, K? We were on Giddings, and the snow made it so quiet, I couldn’t hear a thing in the world but you. And it was so cold then, and so silent, and I loved you so much. Now it’s hot, and dead quiet again, and I love you still.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|I wanted to freeze this moment forever, the chimes, the slight splash of the water, the chink of the dogs’ leashes, laughter from the pool, the skritch of my mother’s dip-pen, the smell of the trees, the stillness. I wished I could shut it in a locket to wear around my neck. I wished a sleep would find us, at this absolute second, like sleep over the castle of sleeping beauty.
Jalaluddin Rumi|There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled.There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled.You feel it, don't you?
Nivedita Menon, Seeing Like a Feminist|Participation in the collective life of the polis both restrains the extraordinary individual and enlarges the ordinary individual, allowing him to participate in the extraordinary. An individual can achieve participatory excellence via the accomplishments of the polis and need not always be caught up in the agnostic struggle to outdo his peers.
Blaque Diamond|Just because someone tells you that you will never amount to anything doesn't mean you have to prove them right. Prove them wrong by succeeding. There is no sweeter revenge than making someone eat their words. Even if they don't admit they're wrong about you, you will know.
Joanne Clancy, The Wedding Day|Life is about the people we meet, and the experiences we have along the way.
Vj Nadar|Wake up! Wake up! Soon the person you believe you are will die - so now, wake up and be content with this knowledge: there is no need to search; achievement leads to nowhere. It makes no difference at all, so just be happy now! Love is the only reality of the world, because it is all ONE, you see. And the only laws are paradox, humor, and change. There is no problem, never was, and never will be. Release your struggle, let go of your mind, throw away your concerns, and relax into the world. No need to resist life; just do your best. Open your eyes and see that you are for more than you imagine. you are the world, you are the universe; you are yourself and everyone else too! It's all the marvelous Play of God. Wake up, regain your humor. Don't worry, just be happy. You are already free!
Fred Allen|I had an uncle who was a postal official at the Polish post office in Gdansk. He was one of the defenders of the Polish postal service and, after it capitulated, was shot by the Germans under the provisions of martial law. Suddenly he was no longer a member of the family, and we were no longer allowed to play with his children.
Elizabeth Clements, Apollo Weeps|It can be depressing when no one takes interest, and a lack of response makes the writer question why they’re writing at all. To have one’s writing rejected is like you, yourself, are being rejected. 
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|To continue what one had been doing -- which was Dante's idea of hell -- is, I came to see, and the vision frightened me, easy in one's sixties.
Ahmed Mostafa|Before her angry impulses got the better of her, she admonished herself that she was born to win and that one did not win by throwing temper tantrums--at least not outside of one's own home, which could result in vicious, spurious rumors.
Edith Sitwell|Answers I kept my answers small and kept them near;Big questions bruised my mind but still I letSmall answers be a bullwark to my fear.The huge abstractions I kept from the light;Small things I handled and caressed and loved.I let the stars assume the whole of night.But the big answers clamoured to be moved Into my life. Their great audacityShouted to be acknowledged and believed.Even when all small answers build up toProtection of my spirit, still I hearBig answers striving for their overthrow.And all the great conclusions coming near
Susan Vreeland|The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Lord Polonius: What do you read, my lord? Hamlet: Words, words, words. Lord Polonius: What is the matter, my lord? Hamlet: Between who? Lord Polonius: I mean, the matter that you read, my lord.
Maria Erving|Instead of assuming and jumping into conclusions, stop for a moment and think. "Is this really true or am I making it up?".Don't believe your racing thoughts.
Poppet, Aisyx|It shatters the game, exposing the players
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|That’s why we must continue to support godly men and women who have dedicated their lives to Christian principles and to continuing those ideas in our offspring. Professors’ worldviews influence whatever they teach, from humanities to basic sciences, and what they think about God cannot be hidden from their students.
Angelina Jolie|Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.
Javier Marías, To Begin at the Beginning|Try to embrace, or let yourself be embraced by, boredom and anguish, which anyhow are larger than you. No doubt you'll find that bosom smothering, yet try to endure it as long as you can, and then some more. Above all, don't think you've goofed somewhere along the line, don't try to retrace your steps to correct the error. No, as the poet said, "Believe your pain." This awful bear is no mistake. Nothing that disturbs you is. Remember all along that there is no embrace in this world that won't finally unclasp.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|To get answers, ask questions; but to get good answers, ask good questions.
Ernesto Che Guevara|We’re beings towards death, we’re featherless two-legged linguistically conscious creatures born between urine and feces whose bodies will one day be the culinary delight of terrestrial worms. That’s us.
William Shakespeare|If we succumb to fear, we start holding back, and do that all-to-common dance of getting close, then pulling away. When we remember that our safe harbor depends on our awareness and honesty, we're less likely to make internal compromises, put on masks, or act like a chameleon to attract a partner or keep a hurtful relationship together. If we live by truth, we may have pain, but we will always rest securely in ourselves.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|We believe that we invent symbols. The truth is that they invent us; we are their creatures, shaped by their hard defining edges.
Mary Balogh, The Arrangement|Not romantic," she disagreed. "To me it would be romantic if Antony properly fell on his sword and kicked the bucket and Cleopatra escaped and lived a lovely life sailing along the Nile without him and his big ideas ruining her kingdom.
Andrea Dworkin, Our Blood: Prophecies and Discourses on Sexual Politics|The real core of the feminist vision, its revolutionary kernel if you will, has to do with the abolition of all sex roles - that is, an absolute transformation of human sexuality and the institutions derived from it. In this work, no part of the male sexual model can possibly apply. Equality within the framework of the male sexual model, however that model is reformed or modified, can only perpetuate the model itself and the injustice and bondage which are its intrinsic consequences. I suggest to you that transformation of the male sexual model under which we now all labor and "love" begins where there is a congruence, not a separation, a congruence of feeling and erotic interest; that it begins in what we do know about female sexuality as distinct from male - clitoral touch and sensitivity, multiple orgasms, erotic sensitivity all over the body (which needn't - and shouldn't - be localized or contained genitally), in tenderness, in self-respect and in absolute mutual respect. For men I suspect that this transformation begins in the place they most dread - that is, in a limp penis. I think that men will have to give up their precious erections and begin to make love as women do together. I am saying that men will have to renounce their phallocentric personalities, and the privileges and powers given to them at birth as a consequence of their anatomy, that they will have to excise everything in them that they now value as distinctively "male." No reform, or matching of orgasms, will accomplish this.
N.D. Wilson, Death by Living: Life Is Meant to Be Spent|The special knowledge you are about to learn will reveal a “letter theory” that was set into motion from the very first verse in your Bible. It is as though the divine author is telling the reader to expect Hebrew letters and numbers to weave messages, in the sub-text, through the rest of the Bible—starting with verse one.
Chelsea Handler, Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea|Austin and I proceeded to knock back a couple of Ketel One and grapefruit juices, which happened to be my drink of the moment. Someone told me that grapefruit was a great detoxifier and I decided I wanted to start cleaning out my liver WHILE I was having a cocktail.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Man is born free, and everywhere he is in chains.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|Stories are able to help us to become more whole, to become Named. And Naming is one of the impulses behind all art; to give a name to the cosmos, we see despite all the chaos.
Mark Warner|I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come.
Germany Kent|No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!
James Gunn|I don't like being pigeonholed at all. It stemmed from after 'Mandy Lane': I was being offered all these horror movies. I love horror movies, but when I dreamed of being a director, it was always doing all sorts of things.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No one spoke more about hell than Jesus did, and the hell He came to save men from was not only a hell on earth . . .it was something to come.
François Mauriac, Thérèse Desqueyroux|What a fool she was ever to have imagined that there might be some place in the world where she could sink to the earth with the knowledge that there were people round her who understood, who perhaps even admired and loved her! She was fated to carry loneliness about with her as a leper carries his scabs. 'No one can do anything for me: no one can do anything against me.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Is true, you do feel better about things the further you run from it
Jazz Feylynn, Colorado State of Mind|Looking deeper, I see not subjugation, but a tool of power to control my fate in the world of man that symbolizes my ownership over both my nature spirit and wolf-self.
Kresley Cole, Lothaire|Tell me, Lothaire, I want to know. Convince me why I should love you.”“Because any other female would!
Scott Westerfeld, Leviathan|And a special thanks for not burning up the whole ship. Including yourself, you daft bum-rag.
Bluenscottish|Sometimes you might miss that person, sometimes you'll feel like running back to them... sometimes you'll suffer from unbearable pain but sometimes you have to forget what you feel. And simply remember what you deserve, smile and move on!
Blake Shelton|I always tell the fans, 'Screw it! Like what you like. Listen to what you want.' Insisting that one type of music is better than the next is snobbery, and I have no time for that. Check out all the music that's out there. There's great stuff you're probably missing.
Margaret Mallory, Captured by a Laird|to want any woman so badly was unwise, let alone his enemy's daughter." An Artful Seduction
George Bernard Shaw|Gentle Jesus, meek and mild' is a snivelling modern invention, with no warrant in the gospels.
Henry David Thoreau, A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers|...is not Nature, rightly read, that of which she is commonly taken to be the symbol merely?
C.P Cavafy|He came to read; two or three booksare lying open: history and poetry.But after just ten minutes of readinghe lets them drop. There on the sofahe falls asleep. He truly is devoted to reading-but he is twenty-three years old, and very handsome.And just this afternoon, Eros surged within his perfect limbs and on his lips.Into his beautiful flesh came the heat of passion, and there was no foolish embarrassment about the form that pleasure took..
Anne Lamott|She read her way around the library, hungry for journeys, adventures, laughter and passion. She took each new book to bed like a lover, savouring every chapter, going too far some nights until the letters danced like insects and she was groggy next day at work. But still she'd sneak away for lunchtime trysts, her eager fingers fumbling for the bookmark.
Rick Riordan, The Sword of Summer|Wherever the poetry of myth is interpreted as biography, history or science, it is killed.
Leland Hall, Cold Harbour / Sinister House|When Lisa awoke she was back in the cell on the floor covered in her own blood, dirt, and urine. And that was only day 1.
Charles F. Glassman|Thankful gratitude, amazing life.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The reward for goal-setting is that as you achieve each goal, you feel in charge of your own destiny, with every moment taken up productively. Self-esteem increases and it becomes easier to remain motivated. So set those high goals and make clear plans for their execution.
David McCullough|No harm's done to history by making it something someone would want to read.", NEH Jefferson Lecture in the Humanities 2003)
Diane Wakoski|Even with, or perhaps, because of, this background, I have over the past few years sensed a very dramatic change in attitude on the part of Prince Edward Islanders towards the on-going rush for so-called modernization.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|You can't map a sense of humor. Anyway, what is a fantasy map but a space beyond which There Be Dragons? On the Discworld we know that There Be Dragons Everywhere. They might not all have scales and forked tongues, but they Be Here all right, grinning and jostling and trying to sell you souvenirs. 
Mohamed ElBaradei|Sometimes, I sit down to sketch at the unearthly hour of 3 in the morning!
Christine Keeler|A celibate, like the fly in the heart of an apple, dwells in a perpetual sweetness, but sits alone, and is confined and dies in singularity.
Mercedes Lackey, Jinx High|What gave it away? When she loaded me bound and gagged into the back of her truck? Or when she actually said. "I'm ready to kill you and throw your body inn the swamp?"Hey for a while there, it looked like you were going to talk your way out of it. I didn't want to interfere.
Karina Halle, Veiled|When you wake up from a nightmare, the reality comforts you. When you wake up from the best dream ever, reality is a burden, a slap-in-the-face reminder that you could feel this, you could have this, but you don’t and you won’t.
Zainab Asif|How did you act when all was not good? Did you rise to the challenge? Did you display grit, resilience, and integrity in your response? Character isn't about being perfect or always doing the right thing. Character is how you respond to your own failures. It’s when you screw up and life hits you in the mouth that you have an opportunity to reveal your inner strength.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|And as a sign that everything was now all right in the world, she opened her mouth a fraction, and after arranging her sticky lips better around her old teeth, smacked them and settled down into a state of blissful rest. Levin watched these last movements of hers closely. ‘I’m just the same!’ he said to himself; ‘Just the same! Never mind... All is well.
Alan Stern|Public relations and marketing are something companies do to move product. It is not meaningful. It is not cool. Yet because it is cheap, easy, and lucrative to cover, blogs want to convince you that it is.
David Levithan, Six Earlier Days|Some days are like this. And the only way to get through them is to remember that they are only one day, and that every day ends.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|There are a thousand beautiful women out there, but only a handful of them possess the grace required by such beauty to stop it from looking ugly.
Sandhya Menon, When Dimple Met Rishi|Dimple didn’t want to admit how much what he was saying resonated with her. Loneliness. That’s what he was describing. And she’d felt it so much it had become like a constant presence in her life, curled up against her like a sleeping cat. “I know what you mean,” she said softly. “Unfortunately.
Peter Abelard|We do many things carelessly or unwillingly, but nothing studiously unless we are willing and apply ourselves.
Nandhiji, Mastery of Consciousness: Awaken the Inner Prophet: Liberate Yourself with Yogic Wisdom.|For a Siddhar yogi, time is precious. It is important to utilize every moment to evolve into ever higher states of consciousness. We understand stagnancy as decay and for growth, we constantly discard the old to welcome change as the new. We tap into the magical abilities to evolve. "Every saint was a sinner in the past" maxim holds true. In the intensity of our yogic pursuit we evolve quickly. By evolving, we know that is the greatest gift of a lifetime we could ever receive- to be angelic as a being of consciousness. Consciousness is ever evolving and dynamic in transforming.
Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story|Lefever describes his financing plan with modesty:"'Our detailed budget is realistic, but does not take into account the inflation that may occur before September 1983. The one place it could cut or reduce is item 7, the simultaneous interpreter services, if these services could be provided gratis by the U.S. government.'""In other words, the only way to make a saving on a U.S.-subsidized project is to take money out of another U.S.-subsidized column.
Lily Gardner, A Bitch Called Hope|There were men in their fifties, men who take a stab at fitness, men who try. They may not look young, but they still look viable. Lammers wasn't one of those. Lammers was one of those crack-in-the-ass guys ten months pregnant with a beer baby.
C.S. Lewis, Of Other Worlds: Essays and Stories|Alex screamed and lashed out at the points of light from within, desperate for something tangible to rage against. Caleb wrapped his arms around her from behind and coaxed her out while glaring at the Metigen in loathing.Then he lessened his hold on her to a single hand. Together they turned their backs on the alien and began walking away.
Oscar Wilde|Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered. I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
D.A. Granger|While binge drinking is a significant issue, it is likely that many members of the public would be surprised by its categorisation as a mental illness, particularly at the milder end."Public confusion caused by differing understandings of the term 'mental illness'.Jorm AF, Reavley NJ.Aust N Z J Psychiatry. 2012 May;46(5):397-9. PMID: 22535288
Francois Lelord|As far as an actor-director connection, I think those can develop, and when they do, they're really great, and you just cultivate it like you would any relationship or friendship. If you find that something special, it helps down the line when you want to do more projects with each other.
Josh Ritter|God can give or take away, Well who would make such an awful rule.
Zooey Deschanel|In every relationship, the work is never just in the positive actions we do for each other, but in the follow up.
Robert E. Neale, The Art of Dying|Chronic anxiety is a state more undesirable than any other, and we will try almost any maneuver to eliminate it. Modern man is living in anxious anticipation of destruction. Such anxiety can be easily eliminated by self-destruction. As a German saying puts it: 'Better an end with terror than a terror without end.
Annastacia Dickerson|The object of our lives is to look at, listen to, touch, taste things. Without them—these sticks, stones, feathers, shells—there is no Deity.
Jawe Querimit|I must fling myself down and writhe; I must strive with every piece of force I possess; I bruise and batter myself against the floor, the walls; I strain and sob and exhaust myself, and begin again, and exhaust myself again; but do I feel pain? Never. How can I feel pain? There is no place for it.
Lyndsay Faye, Dust and Shadow: An Account of the Ripper Killings by Dr. John H. Watson|I'm transferring Ian down to New Orleans to assist with this,” Arch said as he looked at both men. “I would send Shayne, but Anna won't let him go anywhere without her. They're still in the honeymoon phase.” He made a quote motion with his fingers. Peter and Vincent exchanged horrified looks, before Peter responded. “Please, don't put us through that torture.
Shane Claiborne, Jesus for President: Politics for Ordinary Radicals|If the people of God were to transform the world through fascination, these amazing teachings had to work at the center of these peculiar people. Then we can look into the eyes of a centurion and see not a beast but a child of God, and then walk with that child a couple of miles. Look into the eys of tax collectors as they sue you in court; see their poverty and give them your coat. Look in to the eys of the ones who are hardest for you to like, and see the One you love. For God loves good and bad people.
Debra Holland, Painted Montana Sky|If what makes a person an artist is their work, they should be admired; if what makes a person an artist is themselves, they should be adored.
Mary Tornyenyor|I've adopted the guideline of Warren Buffett's partner, Charlie Munger, who says "I wanna know where I'll be when I die - so I never go there.
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|When we sit down to write, we psychically enter a sanctuary. This safe haven is our own personal space where we can say whatever is on our mind, where we can talk about what matters most to us, where we can imagine the kind of world that we would like to live.
Neel Mukherjee, The Lives of Others|Anger, hatred, and bitterness are lethal poisons. They cause a slow, painful emotional death that only you suffer. Self-destruction will never defeat an enemy or create justice.
John Boyd Orr|One of the things that amazes me about Twitter is the way it utterly eradicates artificial barriers to communication. Things like status, geopolitics and so on keep people from talking to one another. Those go away in Twitter. You see exchanges that would never happen anywhere else.
Maria Shriver|After you are here, I will try not to become one of those parents who brag incessantly about their children, who force them to recite the alphabet backward or sing the Lord's Prayer in German to horrified dinner guests. One of those parents who tell people who aren't interested and haven't askd what their progeny's grade-point average is, what school they go to, how handsome and brilliant and psychic they are. If something goes awry and I do become one of those parents, you have my permission to sneak into my bedroom while I am sleeping and pinch my nostrils shut.
Nikki Dorakis, The Dread Wolf|It is not Love that is the crime and it is not Love that is the sin. It is the absence of it!”ARcher Tariq - "A Rising Darkness
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|You begins with 'Y'-so ask, observe, and listen.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions|Many will notice the change in your attitude, and make judgements, call you names – arrogant, Ill tempered. But only a select few will see beyond and notice the hurt, pain, rejection that triggered  the anger, and activated your defence  in the form of changed attitude. And of these few who notice, barely exceptional ones, will care enough to act and see their contribution to your pain – apologise or take corrective actions, to help your heart heal.To find someone who understands your emotions so well and does not define you by your outbursts or your temper, but instead sees the factors that trigger those reactions in you, even when they are at the receiving end, is nothing less than a miracle.
Margaret Laurence, Dance on the Earth: a Memoir|May I see your dance card?”“Don’t you believe me?” She presented it to him with a flourish.He ran his fingers down the list of names.“Hmm . . . Waterburn? Bastard. D’Andre. Definitely a worthless bastard. Lord Camber, a thoroughgoing bastard. Lord Michaelson? Bastard. Peter Cheswick? Bast—”She snatched it from him, laughing.“I wouldn’t dance a waltz with you, anyway, Lord Dryden.”“No?”“You might accidentally lock eyes with Lisbeth Redmond, stumble, and fling me across the room to avoid crushing my feet.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|My body is cracking from the pain I have swallowed so Many times, heaving with sobs I can no longer suppress, my dignity dissolving in my tears, the agony of these past few days ripping my skin to shreds.
Lisa Kleypas, Because You're Mine|His head pounded with such intensity, he feared it would explode. It was hard for him to control himself around her. It was in his nature to crave her blood, and the craving was like a toothache that wouldn't stop throbbing.
Vanda Ileidy borges almeida|Never forget: loving, respecting; tolerances in your fellow-creature is a the lonely way of living free en gracefully and beautifully , and forever, never stop dreaming ,believing ,hoping and smiling and your be the most free in this slave world
Sunday Adelaja|WHEN WE GIVE FROM A PLACE OF LOVE,RATHER THAN FROM A PLACE OF EXPECTATION, MORE USUALLY COMES BACK TO US THAN WE COULD HAVE EVER IMAGINED.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|This person probably lives in their momma's basement, scratching their ass and lacking vitamin D. #SocialMediaTrolls
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|The art of advertisement, after the American manner, has introduced into all our life such a lavish use of superlatives, that no standard of value whatever is intact.
Kim Dong Hwa|On a day like this, we women would be completely and utterly happy just to have a man hold our cold hands and massage our aching backs. We'd be so blissfully happy we wouldn't know what to do with ourselves. Men are never happy unless they're trying to do the impossible. It's why they roam about the world trying to conquer it.
|I go through challenges, obstacles, and struggles just like everyone else out there, but I handle them with the right mental attitude, and this is why I am always happy and positive with my life.
Jennifer Silverwood, Silver Hollow|Then I shall bid thee goodnight, my dear. Sweet pixies watch over the dusty moonlight of your dreams, Jessameine.
Sarah MacLean, Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake|Ralston looked down his long, elegant nose at the vile creature at his feet, and said, “You just impugned the honor of my future marchioness. Choose your seconds. I will see you at dawn.”Leaving Oxford sputtering on the ground, Ralston spun on one elegant heel to face Benedick. “When I am done with him, I am coming for your sister. And, if you intend to keep me from her, you had better have an army at your side.
Brad Francis, Emaline's Gift|...for poets, at least, experiencing something inexpressible does not mean silence. It's precisely the inexpressible something that poetry is meant to help us see or feel. If it were merely expressible - if there were nothing ineffable about it - there would be no need for a poem. But everywhere in the Bible we meet reality that exceeds our expectations.
Ander Crenshaw|I think the most important leadership lessons I've learned have to do with understanding the context in which you are leading. Universities are places with enormously distributed authority and many different sorts of constituencies, all of whom have a stake in that institution.
Simi Sunny, The White Sirens|Chief Johnson has full faith on us. Which means if I can complete this task and hunt down the murderer, not only does the chief won't feel any uncertainty on Anthony and I, but the spirits of the victims can move on. It sounds silly to believe that the undead is still around, but it is the truth. And since I have a good heart, I must use it.
Tera Lynn Childs, Fins Are Forever|You'll do fine.""What, you're psychic now?""Didn't you know?" he asks seriously. "Must be an aftereffect of the bond.
R.A.Delmonico|When our theories continually move us into more and more complicated explanations then, it is certain that we are moving in the wrong direction.
Arlo Guthrie|A book without potty humor is like a banana split without hot fudge. It can still be good, I suppose, but you kinda get the feeling that something is missing.
Janice  Anderson|Gratitude enables you to be fearless, and to never shy away from reveling in every moment of your life.
Diane Kruger|Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind.
Count of Zinzendorf|Everyday as we die, we must be reborn. If there were no death, life would be meaningless.
William Shakespeare|Build Icebergs, Not Skyscrapers
Rhys Bowen, Naughty in Nice|I gather you weren't keen on going back to Scotland with your brother at this time of year. I don't say I blame you. Terribly bleak and cutoff in the winter.""Oh no, Mom," I said, as her words sunk in. "My brother is not going back to Scotland. He and my sister-in-law are going to the Riviera."The Riviera? I had no idea.""For my sister-in-law's health. She's feeling rather frail at the moment.""I don't think that frail would ever be a word to describe your sister-in-law," the Queen said, looking up with a half smile on her lips as a tray of coffee was reeled into the room."I managed to have six children without making a fuss. One just got on with it.
Susan Wiggs, The Apple Orchard|My mother, Delle Hunter, was a physically small woman, yet she was the biggest person I’ve ever known. She had total focus, an attribute that deeply impressed me. She taught me by example that how we live impacts how we die. She lived a life of courage, beauty, and integrity; she died in the same manner.
John Chaplin|Never take life too seriously, you're never getting out of it alive.
Emma Bryienstein|But are the twin souls destined to be together? Synchronicity is at work here to bring the two back together again. How entrancing to find the same magical alchemy still at work, just as it was at the first meeting – a recognition of a deep rooted love so entrenched and so accepted, it could only have been forged in other lifetimes together. And probably that is what love at first sight is, recognition of an ancient love. 
Brendan Jack, EMPIRE: How to Succeed with Nothing but Passion, Great Ideas and a Wealthy Family|As Samson demonstrated, going bald ruins lives.
Janelle Gray, Echoes of the Struggle|Back then, Black churches were a small piece of peace. Church was a world where, even with its imperfections, the offer of equality and common humanity was the sustenance needed to make it through the rest of the week in a society that deemed them less than human.
Jason  Taylor, Lead Yourself To Financial Success: How To Become A Great Leader, Add Value To Any Organization, And Increase Overall Prosperity In As Little As Three Months|You don’t have to be the Zig Ziglar of sales to get promoted; in fact, the key to being noticed by most people of authority is just to show up when needed.
Terry Pratchett, Raising Steam|After all, if you can't trust governments, whom can you trust?
Nathaniel Philbrick|Above all, film is a business... Independence is a really cool thing as you can be a bit more bold, and take a few more chances with what you do.
Lev Grossman|At Bealltainn, or May Day, every effort was made to scare away the fairies, who were particularly dreaded at this season. In the West Highlands charms were used to avert their influence. In the Isle of Man the gorse was set alight to keep them at a distance. In some parts of Ireland the house was sprinkled with holy water to ward off fairy influence. These are only a mere handful out of the large number of references available, but they seem to me to reveal an effort to avoid the attentions of discredited deities on occasions of festival once sacred to them. The gods duly return at the appointed season, but instead of being received with adoration, they are rebuffed by the descendants of their former worshippers, who have embraced a faith which regards them as demons.In like manner the fairies in Ireland were chased away from the midsummer bonfires by casting fire at them. At the first approach of summer, the fairy folk of Scotland were wont to hold a "Rade," or ceremonial ride on horseback, when they were liable to tread down the growing grain.
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|In every evocation of a childhood scene, my stepfather's face is the least detailed, the most out of focus; when I think of him my memory's eyes have cataracts.
Edwin Dearborn, Power Branding Secrets: Spark Customer Interest and Ignite Your Sales|If we focus on ourselves alone, we run our nation down.
John Lewis|I just want fans to walk away knowing that no matter what's going on, no matter how happy you are, no matter how sad you are, we did it. We're strong in this. We've come a long way, and life is not just one thing.
Santosh Kalwar|Given a choice between goose egg and heartache, I would choose heartache.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Ron Brackin|If it is true, as God says, that we are as we think, we risk becoming what we most fear if our fear is stronger than our love.
Christina Brooke, London's Last True Scoundrel|Thinking back on the outing to the theatre, she added, ‘I want a man, not a preening peacock!
Gary Johnson|Each country has a soul, and France's soul is equality.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|You always feel like you are the only one in the world, like everyone else is crazy for each other, but it's not true. Generally, people don't like each other very much. And that goes for friends, too.
Christopher Sorrentino, The Fugitives|People skills are useless with cats, because cats are immune to training, and do whatever they decide in any situation... And most importantly they aren’t human.
Michelle Duggar|Amendment to live by-J.O.Y.Jesus first, Others second, Yourself last.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When coming to making kids: Size doesn’t count, it’s sperm count that counts.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|To be able to listen -- really, wholly passively, self-effacingly listen -- without presupposing, classifying, improving, controverting, evaluating, approving or disapproving, without dueling with what is being said, without rehearsing the rebuttal in advance, without free-associating to portions of what is being said so that succeeding portions are not heard at all -- such listening is rare.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As long as you have hope, you can survive any harsh condition.
Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven|This is why I didn’t get married last year,” she said to him. “I wouldn’t be here to nurse you.” She thought about that for a moment. “Of course, one could make the argument that you wouldn’t be in this situation if not for me. But we’re not going to dwell upon that.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|Was I on something? Yes, love. The strongest drug there is.
Michael Haneke|Movies require a lot of patience. I like instant results. If I have done something that's not funny at all, the audience will let me know in two seconds. With the movie, I will have to wait nine months to know if I was that bad.
Warren Spector|My main focus is to always try to be myself first, and then, hey, if I wear a cool jacket, that's a bonus.
Clifford D. Simak, A Choice of Gods|Shiva is saying: the body is a product of nature and your will to do. The nature is merely the source, the womb. Your ego functions like a seed in it. Your will to do this or that, to achieve this or that, to become this or that – acts like a seed. And the moment the art of your doing meets the womb of nature, a body is formed.Therefore, buddhas say: ”Give up all desires, only then will you be liberated.: If you desired for heaven, you will become an angel, but that won’t be liberation either. Because as long as desires persist, there can never be any liberation. All desires lead to the formation of bodies.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|Can I be trusted? Can you? I can be trusted with some things, but not all things, just like you.
Unarine Ramaru|Never forget why you should win or achieve your goals and dreams. Once you feel you are losing purpose in the process, remind yourself why you saw the need to begin in the first place, let that drive you.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Another Mexican American in another class, approaches Victor after class, carrying his copy of Fahrenheit 451, required reading for the course. The student doesn't understand the reference to a salon. Victor explains that this is just another word for the living room. No understanding in the student's eyes. He tries Spanish: la salon. Still nothing. The student has grown up as a migrant worker. And Victor remembers the white student who had been in his class a quarter ago, who had written about not understanding racism, that there was none where he had grown up, in Wennatchee, that he has played with the children of his father's migrant workers without there being any hostility. His father's workers. Property. Property that doesn't know of living rooms. And Victor thought of what the man from Wennatchee knew, what the ROTC Mexican American knew, what the migrant worker knew. And he thought of getting up the next morning to go with Serena to St. Mary's for cheese and butter. And he knew there was something he was not doing in his composition classrooms.
Vonnie Davis, For the Love of a Fireman|Tell me to stop, Sugar, or I'm going to start a firestorm of emotion neither one of us will know how to handle."	She smiled. "I've always loved storms."	He jerked her face closer and her heart rate kicked up. "Then it's time you were introduced to a Florida hurricane.
Stephen Richards|If we lose all of our wealth and are only left with love then, indeed, we shall never be poor.
Walt Whitman, Songs for the Open Road: Poems of Travel and Adventure|Afoot and light-hearted I take to the open road.Healthy, free, the world before me.The long brown path before me leading me wherever I choose.Henceforth, I ask not good fortune, I myself am good fortune.Henceforth, I whimper no more, postpone no more, need nothing.
Thomas C. Oden, Corrective Love: The Power of Communion Discipline|Malone had been raised by a lady both Irish and Catholic, in a good bourgeois home in which careless table manners were a sin, much less this storm in his heart.
Anatole France|When the people who are responsible for our country ask you a direct question, I expect them to accept a direct answer, not to be blackballed because you are telling the truth.
E.B. White|On his misfit globe he has outlasted the mammoth and the pterodactyl, but he has never got the upper hand of bacteria and the insects.
George Bernard Shaw, Saint Joan|Well, what do they all amount to, these kings and captains and bishops and lawyers and such like? They just leave you in the ditch to bleed to death; and the next thing is, you meet them down there, for all the airs they give themselves.
Leslie Knope|When I tell people I went to library school, the most common reaction is either “You’re joking, right?” or “They have schools for librarians? Do they teach you how to properly sssh people?
Anthony T. Hincks|Before heading back up the road, she had turned for a moment toward the sea. In the late afternoon light, the water was gray wrinkled with orange. Tiger water, she called it when it looked like that. Rhino water was smooth and leaden, dull as smoke. But her favorite was polar bear water, when the moon hung low and large, as if too heavy to rise very high, and scattered great radiant patches, like ice floes, across a dark blue ocean.
E.E. Cummings|PricklyWhen I'm feelingporcupine-y,I get nasty,I get whiny.Stay away orI might stick you.My sharp words arequills to prick you.
Jack Vance, The Palace of Love|For the word "We" must never be spoken, save by one's choice and as a second thought. This word must never be placed first within man's soul, else it becomes a monster, the root of all the evils on earth, the root of man's torture by men, and of an unspeakable lie.The word "We" is as lime poured over men, which sets and hardens to stone, and crushes all beneath it, and that which is white and that which is black are lost equally in the grey of it. It is the word by which the depraved steal the virtue of the good, by which the weak steal the might of the strong, by which the fools steal the wisdom of the sages.
Edward McKendree Bounds|Imagine how many women could excel in science if not for the pernicious myth that science and math are a man's game. Likewise, fitness isn't defined by the Arnold Schwarzeneggers of the world.
Tadeusz Konwicki, A Minor Apocalypse|Our contemporary poverty is as transparent as glass and as invisible as the air. Our poverty is kilometer-long lines, the constant elbowing, spiteful officials, trains late without reason, the water cut off by some disaster (...), the monotony of living without any hope whatsoever, the decaying historic cities, the provinces emptying the rivers poisoned. Our poverty is the grace of the totalitarian state by whose grace we live.
Cornell Woolrich|A second red-orange spearhead leaps straight at O'Shaughnessy. The whole world seems to stand still. Then the gun behind it crashes, and there's a cataclysm of pain all over him, and a shock goes through him as if he ran head-on into a stone wall.A voice from the car says blurredly, while the ground rushes up to meet him, 'Finish him up, you guys! I'm getting so I don't trust their looks no more, no matter how stiff they act!' ("Jane Brown's Body")
Hilary Mantel|Some readers read a book as if it were an instruction manual, expecting to understand everything first time, but of course when you write, you put into every sentence an overflow of meaning, and you create in every sentence as many resonances and double meanings and ambiguities as you can possibly pack in there, so that people can read it again and get something new each time.
Kass Morgan, Homecoming|Write on your doors the saying wise and old,"Be bold! be bold!" and everywhere-- "Be bold;Be not too bold!" Yet better the excessThan the defect; better the more than less;Better like Hector in the field to die,Than like a perfumed Paris turn and fly,
Katherine McIntyre, Waking for Winter|Since her time in the necromancer’s clutches, she was still recovering lost memories from the quicksand of her mind. They’d drop like nuclear bombs, freezing her at the worst time as visuals which should’ve stayed forever buried bubbled to the surface.
Kylie Scott, Twist|I think anything like that-which is contemplative, silent, shows a person alone-people always feel sad. Is it because we've lost the art of being alone?
Edward Abbey|Our 'neoconservatives' are neither new nor conservative, but old as Babylon and evil as Hell.
Ralph Nader|If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Heather     James, Fire|I forced myself to breathe deeply; perhaps they would have vanished. Perhaps I'd been imagining them because Brae was gone and I was scared without him, and now that he was back I'd feel safe enough again that they would go away. Perhaps it was just paint or something and would have been washed out by the sea spray earlier. I breathed again, feeling much calmer and then, slowly, opened my eyes.
Deyth Banger|It’s very easy to be different, but very difficult to be better.
Selenis Leyva|I think that when you are a teenager, it's the smartest you will ever be in your life. Teenagers are so resilient and strong, it's just amazing.
Delano Johnson|I promised her that I would never kiss and tell, but I have to tell someone about my dreams and fairytales. So I’m telling you that I kissed her.
Nancy Zafris, The Home Jar: Stories|Often in the morning he drove a long hour or more to the markets in the city, there to behold what would determine the day’s special. With the crates of fresh selesctions snuggled into his station wagon, his thoughts on the ride back confronted the culinary equivalent of the writer’s blank page. Sometimes his head swirled with exciting ideas; other mornings he was in a panic upon returning with the same old eggplant and squash and zucchini and nothing but the dullness of the word ratatouille standing by to mock him.
Betty MacDonald, Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle's Magic|When Molly O'Toole was looking at the colored pictures in Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle's big dictionary and just happened to be eating a candy cane at the same time and drooled candy cane juice on the colored pictures of gems and then forgot and shut the book so the pages all stuck together, Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle didn't say, "Such a careless little girl can never ever look at the colored pictures in my dictionary again." Nor did she say, "You must never look at books when you are eating." She said, "Let's see, I think we can steam those pages apart, and then we can wipe the stickiness off with a little soap and water, like this-now see, it's just as good as new. There's nothing as cozy as a piece of candy and a book.
Frances Densmore, American Indians and Their Music|I won't die. I won't give those ghouls the pleasure. I'll live and grow strong. I'll escape, then hunt them down and make them suffer.
Lindsay Lohan|If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
Stefan Zweig, Montaigne|Consciously or unconsciously, our education renders us slaves to morals, religion and a perceived vision of the world; our breath is the air of the epoch in which we live.
Susan Dennard, Windwitch|I suppose most things in a person's life are good for a while, even if that doesn't last very long. Maybe that is why, even after something has gone wrong, we spend so much time trying to fix it. Because we remember when it wasn't broken.
Stephen Dunn, Different Hours|I'll say I love you,Which will lead, of course,to disappointment,but those words unsaidpoison every next moment.I will try to disappoint youbetter than anyone else has.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|[V]irtue is not news, and virtuous men, like happy nations, have no history.
Heather Choate Davis, Elijah & the SAT: Reflections on a hairy old desert prophet and the benchmarking of our children's lives|Our own egos are so fragile we cannot bear to give our lives to the raising of children only to have them become ordinary people. There, I said it. The worst thing a 21st-century child of interesting parents could be: ordinary. Like us.
