Muhammad Ali Jinnah|You are free; you are free to go to your temples. You are free to go to your mosques or to any other places of worship in this State of Pakistan. You may belong to any religion, caste or creed—that has nothing to do with the business of the state.
Scott Stabile|She felt wild and unruly, determined and free.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Really, it had been stupid to expect anything anyway. A few late nights does not a habit, or a relationship, make.
Sunday Adelaja|We all have value; our unique gifts are needed in this time and place, and we should never forget this in times of struggle and hardship.
Elizabeth Kim, Ten Thousand Sorrows : The Extraordinary Journey of a Korean War Orphan|Weakness, like not being able to bury the past. Weakness, like not giving up hope when you know you should.
Jules Verne, In the Year 2889|You can’t just come out and say what you have to say. That’s what people do on airplanes, when a man plops down next to you in the aisle seat of your flight to New York, spills peanuts all over the place (back when the cheapskate airlines at least gave you peanuts), and tells you about what his boss did to him the day before. You know how your eyes glaze over when you hear a story like that? That’s because of the way he’s telling his story. You need a good way to tell your story.
George Horace Lorimer, Letters from a Self-Made Merchant to His Son|You may think that you don't need to worry about actually learning the grammar rules because spell check and grammar check will come to your rescue. And I get it: spell check and grammar check are great. Every time I spot a red or green line in my writing, I check it out, and many times, although I hate to admit it, I have made a mistake. But spell check and grammar check are like vodka: they are deﬁnitely helpful but shouldn't be solely relied on to solve our problems.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|In the end, there wasn’t a right thing to say, only a right thing to do. So I sat further up on the bed and put my hand on Manuelle’s cheek and our mouths did the rest, finding each other even though our eyes were closed. I ceased to care about anything that wasn’t her body or mine as we wrapped ourselves around each other on the flower patterned quilt and I was closer to her than I’d ever been before. It wasn’t that we left therest of the world behind; it was the opposite. I could feel the world turning underneath us, I could hear birds outside and people laughing, and I felt that I waspart of it at last. With no part of my skin not touching Manuelle’s, I was part of the world at last. Or maybe I’m romanticizing, and we were just two kids doing everything two kids can do in a cramped room at the back of a caravan.
Remesh R., Diary of a Stranger|He was a self-righteous know-it-all who had the breath of a dung beetle, a gray ponytail he barely pulled together from the bozo ring of hair clinging to his balding, freckled dome, and loved to drink, of all things, tea. Usually it was some sickly sweet-smelling herbal crap that was made in the hippie wasteland of Boulder, Colorado. The box was festooned with the image of a happy, dancing bear in a field of multicolored flowers and the tea had some idiotic name like Tai Chai. After work one evening, I snatched the box of tea bags from the break room and changed the recipe. I wasn't really worried that any other employees would use one of the tea bags because NO ONE DRINKS FUCKING TEA AT WORK, especially not the totally useless, noncaffeinated fairy tears reserved for old maids to sip while they watch Murder, She Wrote in bed with their legion of cats.
Frances E. Willard|As human beings, we all have reasons for our behavior. There may be people who have certain physiological issues that dictate why they make certain choices. On the whole, though, I think we're dictated by our structure, our past, our environment, our culture. So once you understand the patterns that shape a person, how can you not find sympathy?
Gina McKnight, The Blackberry Patch|Anyone who writes books is at least mostly an introvert. It’s amazing to be able to share that internalized part of myself, that little world that no one really knows about. I just wrote down it down on a piece of paper just to be crazy, and people loving that is so strange.
N.T. Wright|When God “saves” people in this life, by working through His Spirit to bring them to faith, and by leading them to follow Jesus in discipleship, prayer, holiness, hope and love, such people are designed – it isn’t too strong a word – to be a sign and foretaste of what God wants to do for the entire cosmos. What’s more, such people are not just to be a sign and foretaste of that ultimate “salvation”; they are to be part of the means by which God makes this happen in both the present and the future.
Val Uchendu|Loss is like a wind, it either carries you to a new destination or it traps you in an ocean of stagnation. You must quickly learn how to navigate the sail, for stagnation is death.
James Joyce, Selected Letters of James Joyce|My sweet little whorish Nora I did as you told me, you dirty little girl, and pulled myself off twice when I read your letter. I am delighted to see that you do like being fucked arseways. Yes, now I can remember that night when I fucked you for so long backwards. It was the dirtiest fucking I ever gave you, darling. My prick was stuck in you for hours, fucking in and out under your upturned rump. I felt your fat sweaty buttocks under my belly and saw your flushed face and mad eyes. At every fuck I gave you your shameless tongue came bursting out through your lips and if a gave you a bigger stronger fuck than usual, fat dirty farts came spluttering out of your backside. You had an arse full of farts that night, darling, and I fucked them out of you, big fat fellows, long windy ones, quick little merry cracks and a lot of tiny little naughty farties ending in a long gush from your hole. It is wonderful to fuck a farting woman when every fuck drives one out of her. I think I would know Nora’s fart anywhere. I think I could pick hers out in a roomful of farting women. It is a rather girlish noise not like the wet windy fart which I imagine fat wives have. It is sudden and dry and dirty like what a bold girl would let off in fun in a school dormitory at night. I hope Nora will let off no end of her farts in my face so that I may know their smell also.You say when I go back you will suck me off and you want me to lick your cunt, you little depraved blackguard. I hope you will surprise me some time when I am asleep dressed, steal over to me with a whore’s glow in your slumberous eyes, gently undo button after button in the fly of my trousers and gently take out your lover’s fat mickey, lap it up in your moist mouth and suck away at it till it gets fatter and stiffer and comes off in your mouth. Sometimes too I shall surprise you asleep, lift up your skirts and open your drawers gently, then lie down gently by you and begin to lick lazily round your bush. You will begin to stir uneasily then I will lick the lips of my darling’s cunt. You will begin to groan and grunt and sigh and fart with lust in your sleep. Then I will lick up faster and faster like a ravenous dog until your cunt is a mass of slime and your body wriggling wildly.Goodnight, my little farting Nora, my dirty little fuckbird! There is one lovely word, darling, you have underlined to make me pull myself off better. Write me more about that and yourself, sweetly, dirtier, dirtier.
Lily Morton, Rule Breaker|Listen to me very carefully, and think hard about what happens if you go over my head to do something for me that you think is right. What is my normal reaction?”Gabe slumps slightly. “Not favourable?
Esphyr Slobodkina|The verbal patterns and the patterns of behavior we present to children in these lighthearted confections are likely to influence them for the rest of their lives. These aesthetic impressions, just like the moral teachings of early childhood, remain indelible.
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|The Soul is attached to the world, and her Love contains the passion, beauty, and awe that make life worth living.
Roman Payne|From all that I saw, and everywhere I wandered, I learned that time cannot be spent. It can only be squandered.
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|Man maintains his balance, poise, and sense of security only as he is moving forward.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you believe that life should be full of adventure , then you have to willing to let your kids have them, too.
Lisa Bedrick, Jesus, God and Us|Prayer can be a tricky thing, because there are passages that say do not doubt and believe you have received whatever you ask for and you will, but then Jesus prayed 'Not my will by thy will be done.'  Ultimately, we can't tell God what to do.  He will accomplish, in our lives, whatever He wants to accomplish.  God is God and we are not. 
T. B. Joshua|I am a poor student sitting at the feet of giants, yearning for their wisdom and begging for lessons that might one day make me a complete artist, so that if all goes well, I may one day sit beside them.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|New York - The city where the people from Oshkosh look at the people from Dubuque in the next theater seats and say "These New Yorkers don't dress any better than we do.
Naveen Jain|As an actor, you just want to work, and then you just want to be on a show or have a job that you love, and you hope that job will last - those things have happened. To have that platform to then talk about something that is very personal to me like marriage equality, it feels like a gift. I try and really respect that voice and not abuse it.
Keri Hilson|We're constantly re-evaluating the potential for life. We're finding it where we didn't think it could exist, such as volcanic vents and other extreme conditions like under arctic ice. We're finding life in these incredibly harsh and dynamic conditions, so we're having to re-evaluate our own ideas of what's possible on this planet alone.
John Marshall|The batteries are gradually becoming charged, and if the prudence of the government does not provide an outlet for the currents that are accumulating, some day the spark will be generated.
George Bernard Shaw|Never forget that each woman is, as a hole in a pocket, which no one can repair, and close that.
Sarah Waters, Affinity|She said that that was the disadvantage of bringing creatures into the house: one grew used to them, and then, one had the upset of their loss.
Dawn Downey, Stumbling Toward the Buddha: Stories about Tripping over My Principles on the Road to Transformation|...you suddenly realise that every chance of being the person you really wanted to be, is gone for ever, and the one you were, is the one those around you will remember.
Glenn Beck|History teaches usthat men and nationsonly behave wiselyonce they have exhaustedall other alternatives."--
Sarah Brianne, Nero|Hey, babe, can I sit here?” Elle turned her head and saw Nero standing there, holding a tray.　　Did he just really ask that, and did he just really call me ‘babe’?　　“Are you serious? Sit here?” Elle pointed to the chair beside her.　　“Yes, I was talking directly to you, wasn’t I?” Nero was definitely a smartass.　　“No, you clearly weren’t because my name isn’t ‘babe’. I bet you don’t even know my name. So, no, you cannot sit here, Nero.
Baba|Retirement is lie sex. Men love to talk about it, but when the time finally comes, they're good for about fifteen minutes then they're dying to put their ties back on.
Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul|Laugh as if it's funny, embrace as if it's love, and smile anyway.
Umut Kisa|Now it seemed unbelievable, the innocence of a girl in a fairy tale.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you stop existing and you start truly living, each moment of the day comes alive with the wonder and synchronicity.
Aleister Crowley, Diary of a Drug Fiend|I've often thought that there isn't any "I" at all; that we are simply the means of expression of something else; that when we think we are ourselves, we are simply the victims of a delusion.
Santosh Kalwar|If God is anonymous, let it be.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|What comes from the soul, you can’t fake or learn. You be it, by letting it.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Moderation in all good things of this mortal world, however there must be no Spiritual moderation... Devotion to our lovingFather in Heaven must never be of moderation.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid|Some books don't answer the inside, I read one comic called Ms.Marvel!Under Marvel can be understand that this person is powerful and can handle a lot of stuff, but reality this wasn't a powerful one or one strong. This guy was a guy who just called the Avengers like Iron Man for help!
Molly Ivins|True humor springs not more from the head than from the heart. It is not contempt; its essence is love. It issues not in laughter, but in still smiles, which lie far deeper.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The sacrifice ‘of’ self for the greater good is the greatest calling imaginable, and it is the bedrock of the greatest nations. The sacrifice ‘for’ self is the most pathetic calling imaginable, and it is the quicksand within which nations perish.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|then things got even stranger.Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air.Mrs. Dodds lunged at me.With a yelp, I dodged and felt talons slash the air next to my ear. I snatched the ballpoint pen out of the air, but when it hit my hand, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword-Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tourement day.Mrs. Dodds spun toward me with a murderous look in her eyes.My knees were jelly. My hands were shaking so bad I almost dropped the sword.She snarled, "Die, honey!"And she flew straight at me.Absolute terror ran through my body. I did the only thing that came naturally:I swung the sword.The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed through her body as if she were made made of water. Hisss!Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching me.
Japanese Proverb|Fall down seven times, stand up eight.
Desmond Tutu|Out of the cacophony of random suffering and chaos that can mark human life, the life artist sees or creates a symphony of meaning and order. A life of wholeness does not depend on what we experience. Wholeness depends on how we experience our lives.
Max Barry, Lexicon|How do you control your telekinesis while intimate with your mate?""I broke a damn lot of furniture at the start, including two beds." A curious glance. "What are you doing?""Traveling around the world.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|You're a lot of horrible things - untehical, sociopathic, evil even - but you're no idiot.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|Well, child? Aren't you going to try to turn me into some kind of unspeakable creature?I don't think I shall bother, madam, seeing as you are making such a good job of it yourself!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Cemeteries are full of unfulfilled dreams... countless echoes of 'could have' and 'should have'… countless books unwritten… countless songs unsung... I want to live my life in such a way that when my body is laid to rest, it will be a well needed rest from a life well lived, a song well sung, a book well written, opportunities well explored, and a love well expressed.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|We are snared into doing things for which we get called names, and things for which we get hanged, and yet the spirit may well survive - survive the condemnations, survive the halter, by Jove! And there are things - they look small enough sometimes too - by which some of us are totally and completely undone.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|We feel that we don't have luck with us and everybody does at a particular moment of time. Whereas, when we do, we forget to notice that the others don't.
Tare Munzara|As much as we can fight for material related dreams, we must also fight for intangible progression, in terms of improving our selves. Financial success is important but it doesn't supersede the success of being the best version of your self.. Fight for that, live for that, it will make you powerful, be the best version of your self.....
Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman|—I won't go about to argue the point with you,—'tis so,—and I am persuaded of it, madam, as much as can be, "That both man and woman bear pain or sorrow, (and, for aught I know, pleasure too) best in a horizontal position.
Jane Austen, Emma|Luck which so often defies anticipation in matrimonial affairs, giving attraction to what is moderate rather than to what is superior.
Huston Smith|There are moments as a teacher when I'm conscious that I'm trotting out the same exact phrase my professor used with me years ago. It's an eerie feeling, as if my old mentor is not just in the room, but in my shoes, using me as his mouthpiece.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|They all had a thousand good economic and political reasons why they couldn’t stop. I’m not a politician or a businessman; how am I supposed to persuade them about these things. What are we supposed to do; quite likely the world will collapse and disappear under water; but at least that will happen for political and economic reasons we can all understand, at least it will happen with the help of science, technology and public opinion, with human ingenuity of all sorts! Not some cosmic catastrophe but just the same old reasons to do with the struggle for power and money and so on. There’s nothing we can do about that.
Avery Flynn, Make Me Up|And Mrs. Orton had the seizure right after you applied the lipstick?" 	Reggie's voice was dead serious.	Drea nodded.	That little tidbit set off Cam's warning sirens. Not good.	Reggie closed his notebook and deposited it in his inner jacket pocket. "Can you think of anything else?"	Drea opened her mouth, then closed it and shook her head.	Christ. So she had a possible motive, opportunity, means to kill Natasha Orton, and she was obviously holding something back. She may not be the only suspect, but even Cam had to admit she was a mighty good one.
Osho|You have to be grateful to existence that it has chosen you to be a passage for a few beautiful children. But you are not to interfere in their growth, in their potential. You are not to impose yourself upon them. They are not going to live in the same times, they are not going to face the same problems. They will be part of another world. Don´t prepare them for this world, this society, this time, because then you will be creating troubles for them. They will find themselves unfit, unqualified.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|The decisions we make lead us to complex behavioral sets, and what we decide to do can be consciously and unconsciously motivated. The human being, however, is a small-group decision-making animal, a small pack animal, with a will to life, who engages in sex and the food quest to propagate and maintain that life, and who needs acceptance and recognition from group members.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|He smiled his shy smile at her as he went into the yard. Anne took the memory of it with her when she went to her room that night and sat for a long while at her open window, thinking of the past and dreaming of the future. Outside the Snow Queen was mistily white in the moonshine; the frogs were singing in the marsh beyond Orchard Slope. Anne always remembered the silvery, peaceful beauty and fragrant calm of that night. It was the last night before sorrow touched her life; and no life is ever quite the same again when once that cold, sanctifying touch has been laid upon it.
Mohamed Saadi|Twenty-three D," he said, as a boarding-pass spooled from a different slot. He pulled her passport out and handed it to her, along with her ticket and the boarding pass. "Gate fifty-two, blue concourse. Checking anything?""No.""Passengers who've cleared security may be subject to noninvasive DNA sampling," he said, the words all run together because he was only saying it because it was the law that he had to.She put her passport and ticket away in the special pocket inside her parka. She kept the boarding pass in her hand. She went looking for the blue concourse. She had to go downstairs to find it, and take one of those trains that was like an elevator that ran sideways. Half an hour later she was through security, looking at the seals they'd put on the zippers of her carry-on. They looked like rings of rubbery red candy. She hadn't expected them to do that; she'd thought she could find a pay-station in the departure lounge, link up, and give the club an update. They never sealed her carry-on when she went to Vancouver to stay with her uncle, but that wasn't really international, not since the Agreement.She was riding a rubber sidewalk toward Gate 52 when she saw the blue light flashing, up ahead. Soldiers there, and a little barricade. The soldiers were lining people up as they came off the sidewalk. They wore fatigues and didn't seem much older than the guys at her last school."Shit," she heard the woman in front of her say, a big-haired blond with obvious extensions woven in.
John Newton|The midsummer sun shines but dim, The fields strive in vain to look gay; But when I am happy in Him December's as pleasant as May.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|If you want to be loved, LOVE. If you want to be understood, UNDERSTAND. If you want peace, MAKE PEACE. If you want light, LIGHT. If you want to be seen, SHINE. If you want to be heard, LISTEN.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|I just happen to comprehend the low standards of the majority of the music-buying public, and I don’t care how condescending that sounds, it’s true. They always go for the shiny gimmicks. Always.
Nathanael West, Miss Lonelyhearts|As far as he could discover, there were no signs of spring. The decay that covered the surface of the mottled ground was not the kind in which life generates. Last year, he remembered, May had failed to quicken these soiled fields. It had taken all the brutality of July to torture a few green spikes through the exhausted dirt.What the little park needed, even more than he did, was a drink. Neither alcohol nor rain would do. Tomorrow, in his column, he would ask Broken-hearted, Sick-of-it-all, Desperate, Disillusioned-with-tubercular-husband and the rest of his correspondents to come here and water the soil with their tears. Flowers would then spring up, flowers that smelled of feet."Ah, humanity..." But he was heavy with shadow and the joke went into a dying fall. He trist to break its fall by laughing at himself.
J. Christopher Herold, The Age of Napoleon|I hate the nature of humans, how much you get closer that much they run away.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|As the master builder of your own life, build an open space, with room for your soul to breath, and be free.
Dag Hammarskjold|He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.
Elizabeth Wurtzel|It's easy for parents to pull the strings that make one dance...after all, they are the ones who tied those strings in the first place
Stefan Molyneux|Sanity is not about confrontation. It's about filtering. Having a stable and happy life is about saying "no" to crazy people, not about inviting them in and then hoping that confrontations are going to make them sane.
William Least Heat-Moon, Blue Highways|Sitting full in the moment, I practiced on the god-awful difficulty of just paying attention. It's a contention of Heat Moon's - believing as he does any traveler who misses the journey misses about all he's going to get - that a man becomes his attentions. His observations and curiosity, they make and remake him.
Saint Teresa of Avila|We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money; and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.
Philip Dormer Stanhope|Reason sits firm and holds the reins, and she will not let the feelings burst away and hurry her to wild chasms. The passions may rage furiously, like true heathens, as they are; and the desires may imagine all sorts of vain things: but judgment shall still have the last word in every argument, and the casting vote in every decision. Strong wind, earthquake-shock, and fire may pass by: but I shall follow the guiding of that still small voice which interprets the dictates of conscience.
Robert Fulton, A Treatise on the Improvement of Canal Navigation: Exhibiting the Numerous Advantages to Be Derived from Small Canals and Boats of Two to Five Feet Wide Containing from Two to Five Tons Burthen: With a Description of the Machinery for Facilitating...|To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom,” Viviane said. “Then, when you begin to learn, you will not have to forget all the things you think you know.
Richard W. Jelier Ph.D.|E@t ur food a$ ur medicine$,otherwise u hav 2 e@t medicine$ a$ ur food".
Dada Bhagwan|One cannot have the same love for getting insulted (apmaan) as he does for getting importance (maan), can he? He cannot love loss as much as he loves profit, can he?
Amy Plum, Die for Me|Well, spit on my empty grave--if it ain't the attack of the Disney princesses!
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|Do you guys have sunscreen?” I ask.“No,” Scottie says. “Do we have water?”“Did you bring any?” Alex asks.“No,” I say.Alex pops her head up. “Did you bring snacks for us?”“We can walk to town.”How do mothers manage to bring everything a child could need?
Savannah Stuart, Heated Mating|She raised her fist to knock as the door swung open. She jumped.“My two-o’clock, I presume.” Konrad Drummond jerked his head, wordlessly ordering her inside.“Uh, yes, I—”“Take off your clothes.” He stalked back inside, ignoring her proffered hand. “Toss ‘em anywhere.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|The aim of the liar is simply to charm, to delight, to give pleasure.
Michael Bolton|I do like what Alicia Keys and John Legend are doing. With their music, you keep your clothes on.
Leonard Peltier, Prison Writings: My Life Is My Sun Dance|Christie: “Even if he is – aren’t you the one who’s always saying we shouldn’t trust the wealthy, that they became that way by walking on the backs of the poor?
Theo James|I love exploring the relationship between fathers and daughters. I think that's a special thing, especially with daughters who are dealing with being adults.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|She had lolled about for three years at Girton with the kind of books she could equally have read at home--Jane Austen, Dickens, Conrad, all in the library downstairs, in complete sets. How had that pursuit, reading the novels that others took as their leisure, let her think she was superior to anyone else?
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Emile or On Education|Women, for their part, are always complaining that we raise them only to be vain and coquettish, that we keep them amused with trifles so that we may more easily remain their masters; they blame us for the faults we attribute to them. What stupidity! And since when is it men who concern themselves with the education of girls? Who is preventing the mothers from raising them as they please? There are no schools for girls—what a tragedy! Would God, there were none for boys! They would be raised more sensibly and more straightforwardly. Is anyone forcing your daughters to waste their time on foolish trifles? Are they forced against their will to spend half their lives on their appearance, following your example? Are you prevented from instructing them, or having them instructed according to your wishes? Is it our fault if they please us when they are beautiful, if their airs and graces seduce us, if the art they learn from you attracts and flatters us, if we like to see them tastefully attired, if we let them display at leisure the weapons with which they subjugate us? Well then, decide to raise them like men; the men will gladly agree; the more women want to resemble them, the less women will govern them, and then men will truly be the masters.
George Foreman|If what I have to do is share a sandwich to lift someone's spirits, put a smile on their face - the worst thing that happens is I go broke!
Neil Gaiman, Norse Mythology|People can say crap. They can think whatever they want, but you control how you feel about it.
Billy Connolly|Each of us can manifest the properties of a field of consciousness that transcends space, time, and linear causality.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|I once knew a fellow who committed robbery with violence, and he was sentenced to a long prison stretch and 12 strokes of the cat. He'd been injured during the robbery, so they put him in hospital to make him better so that they could make him worse. During the administration of the cat, he fainted after six strokes, and the doctor put him in hospital again. And he got very friendly with the nurses and the doctors, and after a while they got him well enough to go back and take the next six strokes. I saw him afterward and I said: "Oh, Jesus—that bloody law, that bloody judge!" But he said: "I don't want the fellow who made the law, and I don't want the fellow who passed the sentence. All I want is the fellow who held the bloody whip.
Noel DeJesus|If you scared, say you scared, and if not then push yourself off of that wall and step into the darkness. That's where success is, get up out of that comfort zone, you'll be surprised what you can achieve!
Mark Logue, The King's Speech: How One Man Saved the British Monarchy|I want everyone to get plenty of rest tonight, because tomorrow, we make plans to bury the new council chair. And don't worry about the shovel shortage," I said, glancing from face to determined face. "Because Calvin Malone has dug his own grave.
Sera J. Beak, The Red Book: A Deliciously Unorthodox Approach to Igniting Your Divine Spark|What was after the universe? Nothing. But was there anything round the universe to show where it stopped before the nothing place began? It could not be a wall; but there could be a thin thin line there all round everything. It was very big to think about everything and everywhere. Only God could do that. He tried to think what a big thought that must be; but he could only think of God. God was God's name just as his name was Stephen. Dieu was the French for God and that was God's name too; and when anyone prayed to God and said Dieu then God knew at once that it was a French person that was praying. But, though there were different names for God in all the different languages in the world and God understood what all the people who prayed said in their different languages, still God remained always the same God and God's real name was God.
Ogden Nash|I'm a prankster, so some of the - you know, I like a good joke. I think when it's funny, it's funny.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Long miles of snow and mountains spun out behind him, and his hooves scattered stardust or snow crystals. He went bounding on and on, right on the spine of the world, thrust out against the night sky
Lee    Thompson, Jeremy's Kiss|I had a quack in the floor. So, I had to use ductile.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Sooner or later our souls find their centre of gravity in a hot, salt-tasting kiss and a trembling touch. Trembling is a good sign: it means you're open to a world that knows you're coming.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|Earth is not a private club; it is a universal club. Being born allows you to receive a membership card; you don’t have to do anything else for it. And it is the most beautiful club that you will ever find. Once you have realized that you are a member, don’t you want to keep it clean and comfortable for fellow members to use?” I know I do.
Jenny Baranick, Kiss My Asterisk: A Feisty Guide to Punctuation and Grammar|My parents would not permit ugly language in the house, which was okay with me. I didn't want to learn German anyway.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Toxic In The Mind: daily use of the mind that kills you slowly|Love doesn't pity, nor does it resent. Love understands that, no matter our circumstances, we are all equal. We are all the same. We are all worthy of Love.Some have it harder than you. Some have it easier than you. Love them equally.
S.C. Parris, The Immortal's Guide|In the attempt to find the just measure of horror and terror, I came upon the writing of Carole Gill whose work revealed a whole new dimension to me. The figure of the gothic child was there. Stoker's horror was there. Along with the romance! At the heart of her writing one stumbles upon a genuine search for that darkness we lost with the loss of Stoker." ~Dr. Margarita Georgieva ~ Gothic Readings in The Dark
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|Children, who have so much to learn in so short a time, had involved the tendency to trust adults to instruct them in the collective knowledge of our species, and this trust confers survival value. But it also makes children vulnerable to being tricked and adults who exploit this vulnerability should be deeply ashamed.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Nineteenth-century preacher Henry Ward Beecher's last words were "Now comes the mystery." The poet Dylan Thomas, who liked a good drink at least as much as Alaska, said, "I've had eighteen straight whiskeys. I do believe that's a record," before dying. Alaska's favorite was playwright Eugene O'Neill: "Born in a hotel room, and--God damn it--died in a hotel room." Even car-accident victims sometimes have time for last words. Princess Diana said, "Oh God. What's happened?" Movie star James Dean said, "They've got to see us," just before slamming his Porsche into another car. I know so many last words. But I will never know hers.
Susan Gloss, Vintage|Be calm like a calm lake, then you will look beautiful like a beautiful calm lake!
Paul D. Escott, Uncommonly Savage: Civil War and Remembrance in Spain and the United States|What southern whites further sought, and in a sense demanded, was respect. This the North provided after 1876 in paeans to the courage and dedication of soldiers on both sides. Resentment of northern power, the war’s destruction, and Reconstruction continued to be strong in the South, and the work of white-supremacist politicians, army veterans, and southern women turned that resentment into a long-lasting ideology of the Lost Cause. Northerners, for their part, congratulated themselves on winning the war and freeing the slaves; they also took pleasure in feeling superior to the South for many generations, while industrialization, urbanization, immigration, and other social changes diverted much of their attention from wartime issues [184].
Hubert Martin|I always deemed myself a one chance person, if you hurt me or betray me, then I'm done with you. As I grew older and the scars of wisdom imprinted on my soul and chest, I realized a second chance took a monumental amount of strength and some people deserve a chance to right their wrongs. Now, I would gladly allow another the opportunity to cauterize their wounds at the risk of ripping open my tight-knit scars. I would bleed for you and feel alive rather than watch with cold eyes as you decay.
Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness|Remember to act always as if you were at a symposium. When the food or drink comes around, reach out and take some politely; if it passes you by don't try pulling it back. And if it has not reached you yet, don't let your desire run ahead of you, be patient until your turn comes. Adopt a similar attitude with regard to children, wife, wealth and status, and in time, you will be entitled to dine with the gods. Go further and decline these goods even when they are on offer and you will have a share in the gods' power as well as their company. That is how Diogenes, Heraclitus and philosophers like them came to be called, and considered, divine.
Debasish Mridha|The joy of life is in new creations, new adventures, and new feelings.
K. Martin Beckner|Someday, I suppose I’ll give up, and sit in the rocking chair. But I’ll probably be rocking fast, because I don’t know what I’ll do without a job.
Albert Camus, L'Étranger|Mostly, I could tell, I made him feel uncomfortable. He didn't understand me, and he was sort of holding it against me. I felt the urge to reassure him that I was like everybody else, just like everybody else. But really there wasn't much point, and I gave up the idea out of laziness.
Euginia Herlihy|I believed that I wanted to be a poet, but deep down I just wanted to be a poem.
Adam Grant, Originals: How Non-conformists Change the World|By looking on the bright side, we'll activate enthusiasm and turn on the go system.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Listen. You will still only love me. And I will only love you. It’s only that we’ll have different names. Sometimes I’ll be Augusta, queen of Gondal, and you’ll be a dangerous highwayman. Sometimes we’ll be Alexander and Zenobia, the young lovers. Sometimes… sometimes we will just be two lonely children roaming the moors together. But the ‘he’ of the story will always be you, and the 'she’ of the story will always be me. Forever.
Taylor Swift|Kabul is a walled city, which sounds romantic except the walls are pre-cast reinforced concrete blast barriers, 10 feet tall and 15 feet long and moved into place with cranes. The walls are topped with sandbags, and the sandbags are topped with guard posts from which gun barrels protrude.
Nocturnus Libertus|With the way a lot of men function, I'd say "single" womyn are a threat to society. In fact, I'd go as single womyn are a threat to the system. As a womyn, if you aren't spending all your time looking for what you were socialized to, you're doing something productive. I'd say that scares a hell of a lot of people.
Dr. Christopher Dayagdag|To become successful online, you only need to remember the following : Good Heart + Passion + Web Design + SEO + Digital Marketing + Dedication + Positiveness + Patience = Success
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|We have more to fear from the opinions of our friends than the bayonets of our enemies." Politician turned Union General Nathaniel Banks, in plea he couldn't abandon an untenable position.
Eden Robinson, Monkey Beach|You honkies want women to be like cookies, all sweet and dainty and easy to eat. But I'm fry bread, you bitch, and I'm proud of it.
Ric Flair|Humanitarian issues must bring together all people who act in good faith trying to alleviate the suffering of people in dire need - especially women, children and the elderly.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|Пустинните бурени оцеляват, а пролетното цвете разцъфва и повяхва.
Mahatma Gandhi|Wherever Gandhi went, he transformed situations and lives. As one friend and biographer wrote, "He...changed human beings by regarding them not as what they thought they were but as though they were what they wished to be, and as though the good in them was all of them
Kudrat Dutta Chaudhary, Laiza- Sometimes the end is only a Beginning|It is hard to write it in words that I can read, that re-establishes the fact that has been haunting me for the past one year.
N.K. Jemisin, The Obelisk Gate|All that stuff about Father Earth, it's just stories to explain what's wrong with the world. Like those weird cults that crop up from time to time. I heard of one that asks an old man in the sky to keep them alive every time they go to sleep. People need to believe there's more to the world than there is.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|There is no shame in what you are feeling, Harry,' said Dumbledore's voice. 'On the contrary... the fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength.
Patti Smith, M Train|Over the years, numerous times, too many times to count, just as I was about to reach my breaking point, just when I thought I couldn't take another minute, another second, out of nowhere-at the grocery store, at the park, at restaurants-angels, Ethan's angels, would appear and save us: strangers in stores would stop to talk to Ethan; neighbors took him for a walk...
Samuel Wilson|My contention is that if we expand the patient-centered health care approach, we'll have less people that have to go the medical clinic that provides free service or go to the emergency room - they can have their own health care plan.
John Lydon|Sometimes negative news does come out, but it is often exaggerated and manipulated to spread scandal. Journalists sometimes risk becoming ill from coprophilia and thus fomenting coprophagia: which is a sin that taints all men and women, that is, the tendency to focus on the negative rather than the positive aspects.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|Confidence is good, but when they hold their heads high like that, it just makes them look cocky and snobbish.
Seamus McDuff|If you just did what you wanted to do, and didn't care what anyone thought, you'd be Autistic.
Honeythorn Gump|If life is a dream, better you dread the waking!
Avijeet Das|I want to read you every night. I want to take you to bed with me : your words, your thoughts, your mind, your body and your soul.
Rachelle Du Bois|Romance this moment, this hour, this day. String moments together like pearls on a rope.
Simon Van Booy, The Secret Lives of People in Love|Individual words, sounds, squiggles on paper with no meanings other than those with which our imagination can clothe them.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|If its clear that you are doing right thing, just go ahead. But answer yourself first before doing something.
Chloe Thurlow, Being a Girl|Sex is a three act play: foreplay, play and afterplay.
Colleen Oakley, Before I Go|Don't be sad because I'm dying, be happy because very second another great human being is born, another person that ill have chances to do greater things than me.
Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati, The 11 Karmic Spaces: Choosing Freedom from the Patterns That Bind You|Quiet the mind, and the soul will speak.
W.H.Murray|Use your struggles as fuel to enrich your life, and psych your spirit into having fun.
Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|I know you think I'm crazy. Maybe that's because I am. About life, about this moment, about you.
Primo Levi, Survival in Auschwitz|It is lucky that it is not windy today. Strange, how in some way one always has the impression of being fortunate, how some chance happening perhaps infinitesimal, stops us crossing the threshold of despair and allows us to live. It is raining, but it is not windy.
Chelsea Fine, Awry|How did you kill the Ashman in the forest last year?”“I shot him with an arrow.”“What kind of arrow?”“A sharp one.”Nate rolled his eyes. “Really, dude? A sharp one?
Carrie Underwood|If there was a template for success in sports, everyone would follow it. You do the best you can and trust the people you trust.
Lao Tzu|We say arts education is good for general education, but that's not the point. The arts are what great nations are remembered for. They are a mirror.
Suriya|They were singing in French, but the melody was freedom and any American could understand that.
Marina Abramovic|I'm a great admirer of secularism. At its best, I think it's one of the best things that we have. I don't believe in insinuating religion into conversation. I don't believe in excluding it from conversation. I enjoy the fact that people's innermost thoughts are their own.
Wendy Hoffman, The Enslaved Queen: A Memoir about Electricity and Mind Control|Kami," he said, "you're crying." "No, I am not," Kami lied. "I got something in my eye.""You got something in your eye.""Yes. Possibly a speck of dust," Kami said, and broke down. "All right, possibly my feelings.
Chris Noth|I'm a firm believer that lighting affects mood, and twinkly lights on strings bring something magical to occasions ranging from concerts to weddings, though I'm fond of using them as year-round home decor. There's a reason why they're sometimes called fairy lights. When the night is right, there aren't any strings at all.
Julian Assange|Exclusively of the abstract sciences, the largest and worthiest portion of our knowledge consists of aphorisms: and the greatest and best of men is but an aphorism.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|Cold has its own taste. It tastes of a bitten tongue. It coils around you, a living thing, a beast that means to kill you, not with wrath, not with tooth nor claw, but with the mercy of surrender, with the kindness of letting you go gentle into the long night after such a burden of pain and misery.
Crystal Evans, Jamaican Acute Ghetto Itis|I like writing that puts the needle right into the vein. I don’t think, when I’m writing, “Tell a good story” or “find a meaning.” I’m thinking phrase by phrase, make it tight, make it good. Get the idea out in language I can bear. I think there’s something musical about being impatient with boring sentences—it’s not that I don’t have boring sentences, God knows I do, but I’m impatient with them.
Eiichirō Oda|Inherited Will, The Destiny of the Age, and The Dreams of the People. As long as people continue to pursue the meaning of Freedom, these things will never cease to be!" - Gol D. Roger
Claire Scovell LaZebnik|We have failed to protect science against speculative extensions of nature, continuing to assign physical and mathematical properties to hypothetical entities beyond what is observable in nature.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|. . . she is our dog. And because she is our dog, we can pick out the tiny, almost imperceptible good qualities from the ocean of terrible qualities, and we can cling to them. Because we want to love our dog.
Nicholson Baker|She came towards me with a juicy gash between her legs that smelled like my best friend's sister" Just when I thought I'd escaped them allShe comes reeling herself inpulling at my stringsher hand quick to find my zipperShe moaned the way a drunk old lady doesAnd I wasn't even inside her yet"You don't have anywhere else to be," she managed to say..."My wounds have been reopened tonight already," I mutteredI caught wind of the gully ...the part of her she once kept sacred as a ChristianI smelled the informationI lifted my hand into the air and hailed a cabHe rolled down his window and saw her"Find another cab," he said, and sped off into the nightI took her homebecause she said she was lonelyreally she was drunk off somethingsome memory or some choiceshe walked funny... -one of her heels had brokenOn the couch I left her,Before I could go, she grabbed my cockI slapped her across the face and she pulled harderHer eyes stayed closedHer lips dripped Her grip clenched I wasn't getting out of this one unscathed"If I take my pants off, will you let me go?" I asked"If you take your pants off, I'll be suckin' that cock till you pass out from all the screamin'..."I slapped her again, because she needed itShe laughedSaying her cousin beat her harderSaying her father knew how to really... ...make things happenI asked her what her father's number wasLet's get his motherfucking self up here to take you away, that's what I saidShe said he died, or killed himself"What's the difference really," she said, chewing on her hairShe let go of my cock on her own accordAnd she opened her eyes for a momentShe closed them againAnd I could tell she was sleepingHer eyes opened once moreHer face red where I'd hit herShe tasted the blood on her lip"Do you think if we remind ourselves enough, we can make up for all the pain we've caused others?"I said to her, "We can't. All we can do is keep ourselves from all those who don't deserve it.
A.D. Truax, Pretty Shade of Grey|Yet simple souls, their faith it knows no stint:Things least to be believed are most preferred.All counterfeits, as from truth's sacred mint,Are readily believed if once put down in print
|If you are having a problem with being your true self, how then would you succeed in being someone else you are not?
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|It takes literally no effort to allow yourself to drift into a negative state of mind. However, an inspired mind is one that has been developed and is constantly practiced in the art of visualization, positive thinking, and unwavering belief in potential and possibility.
Diane Duane, So You Want to Be a Wizard|Don't be afraid to make corrections," Picchu said. "Don't be afraid to lend a hand." She fell silent, seeming to think for a moment. "And don't look down.
Tom Hodgkinson|Computers shouldn't be parents, but they are. Please, spend time with your kids. If you don't want to, then I don't want to. It might hurt you to discipline your offspring, but it saves the child from being disciplined later by someone less forgiving. Like a criminal court judge. If you don't spank your child, someone else will.
Laura Pritchett, Sky Bridge|Make yourself an honest man, and then you may be sure that there is one less scoundrel in the world.
Erik Pevernagie|If bees die, people will die. Only ignorance never dies! ("Why step out of nature ?")
Abu Bakr|If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|Dear God, I don’t ask for fame and fortune but for an opportunity to embrace many. I don’t ask you to make my life perfect but full of love. With every mistake I make, or with any success I have, I ask to feel your grace along the way, for the rest of my life. In Jesus’s name, amen.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|The touched heart madly stirs,your laughter is water hurrying over pebbles - every gesture is a proclamation,every sound is speech...
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|They say that wisdom is a dying flower, and I disagree. In a world covered in mud, the lotus still continues to grow. Even after mankind washes itself away from the surface of the earth, knowledge will still remain. Look no further than the bosom of Nature. It offers all the solutions needed to cure and unite humanity. Wise men only exist as interpreters and transmitters of Truth. Their time on earth is limited, but Nature's existence is eternal. Open books shall always exist for those with an opened eye and pure heart; for Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them.
Subhan Zein|If you cannot be a sun that illuminates the light, be a moon that never tires of reflecting the light.
Barbara Cohen, Seven Daughters and Seven Sons|Listen to me, Amin," I said slowly. "Listen to me very carefully. Nothing is the same. Nothing will ever be the same again. There lives on this earth a woman who can be my friend and my lover. Do you understand that? Do you understand what a marvelous thing that is?""A friend is a friend," Uthman interrupted, "and a woman is a woman. You can't have them in one person. The whole world knows that.""If that's what the whole world knows, ...then the whole world is wrong. I believed the whole world, and I lost her.
A.E. Via|It couldn’t have been that bad that he had to hurt you, Leo.”“Oh no, it was bad. It was the fucking first twenty minutes of Saving Private Ryan bad, Jax.” Day paced as he listened to his brother go on about God accepting responsibility for his own actions.“Jax, don’t get me wrong, I’m highly pissed off with my partner. I’m pissed off to the highest of pisstivity. But I still have to know that he’s okay. That crazy brother of his really landed some hard blows on him and God didn’t fight back at all.”“Because it’s his baby brother. That I do get,” Jax said softly. “But I can’t check on him, Leo, because believe me, there is nothing here to clue me in on where he may have went.” Jax paused before speaking again. “I must say I’m curious how he got all that heavy furniture out of here if he was in as bad a shape as you say.”“Well, that wouldn’t be too hard to do. A lot of people owe God favors—both of us actually. If God called someone for help, they’d drop everything and come to help.” Day took a deep breath. “The same as I would if he had called me.” Day’s voice was strained from the hurt in his chest and he had no doubt that Jax was picking up on it.“That asshole,” Jax snapped.“Whoa, big brother. Don’t go cursing away your do-gooder image. You know you’re not a vulgar-language type of person…leave that for us heathens.” Day laughed humorlessly.Day heard his brother laugh an irritated chuckle at him for trying to lighten the situation.“Fine. But, after he apologizes numerous times, I’m going to give him a piece of my mind,” Jax said.Day did smile that time. He had no doubt his brother would do just that.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The trusted quality and power of the believed sponsor of your words will have a big impact on the power released in and through your words. You should have sufficient sponsorship to counter the kind of words you do not want to influence your life, thoughts and mission. Contrary words and convincing voices will encounter you on the route to your destiny and they need to be countered with strong conviction and authority.
Alin Sav|We do repent not to be forgiven, but because we are forgiven.
Dada Bhagwan|When you see the members of your household as faultless (nirdosh) and see only your own faults, then true pratikraman will be done.
Nicolaus Copernicus|You have to be there not for the fame and glory and recognition and being a page in a history book, but you have to be there because you believe your talent and ability can be applied effectively to operation of the spacecraft.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Better is not good enough, and it's a shame that anyone would be willing to settle for so little.
Clive Blake, View Points and Points of View: A 'Phoetry Book' from Cornwall|My poetic aspirationIs to become,A Jack of all stylesAnd a master of pun.
Greg Bear|I feel a lot of support from the people of Penrith and the Blue Mountains and will always remember the amazing welcome home I received after the London Olympics. But more importantly, it's during hard times that Westies come together.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|It was a fact that had become the focus of my entire life, a whisper in my heartbeat, a permanent, insidious presence that punctuated my every breath. I couldn’t escape it, that persistent voice, lingering in the blood pulsing through my veins. It said only one thing, over and over, a repetition of inescapable anguish, the knowledge of a thing that could never be undone.James is dead. James is dead. James is dead. James is dead.
U.S. Marine Corps|If I charge, follow me. If I retreat, kill me. If I die, revenge me.
C. JoyBell C.|Peace is not a result inside us from everything around us. Peace is not submissive nor passive. On the contrary, peace is an overwhelming force which comes from within us, disrespectful of everything around us, a firm coalition of spirit and soul standing against all the unrest that abounds.
George Packer|No one pretends anymore that the Olympics are just about sports. It's routine to talk about what effect holding the Games in this or that capital will have on the host country's international reputation, how a nation's prestige can be raised by its medal count.
Allie Burke, Emerald Destiny|Anytime his gaze fell upon her, it was always the same. That awful chest pain, so relentless it was like his heart exploded.
James Thurber|He, the true writer, is the department store dummy at the very center of the whole establishment, the one left alone on display all night, a price tag stapled to every piece of clothing they’ve yanked onto him, binoculars and frog flippers included. He is the neutral, generic human form, the gray center who must always assume disguises — in order to be seen and, therefore, to feel himself.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Other kids are kids almost just like you - it's true.Other kids are kids too, but there's no other you, but YOU!
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|If your desire for 'good' is based on greed, it is not good, but greed.
Dorothy Parker|I find her anecdotes more efficacious than sheep-counting, rain on a tin roof, or alanol tablets.... you will find me and Morpheus, off in a corner, necking.
J.A. Saare, Dead, Undead, or Somewhere in Between|Being true to yourself is always the right thing to do.""Is it? Even if you're a monster?
Langston Hughes|Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us.
Milos Zeman|And how can man die better than facing fearful odds, for the ashes of his fathers, and the temples of his Gods?
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Book of Images|The SolitaryAs one who has sailed across an unknown sea,among this rooted folk I am alone;the full days on their tables are their own,to me the distant is reality.A new world reaches to my very eyes,a place perhaps unpeopled as the moon;their slightest feelings they must analyze,and all their words have got the common tune.The things I brought with me from far away,compared with theirs, look strangely not the same:in their great country they were living things,but here they hold their breath, as if for shame.
Huston Smith|I am fascinated by all the new technology that creates places for us to meet in what is called cyberspace. I understand what it must have meant for the rebellions in the 19th century, especially in 1830 and 1848, when the mass circulated newspaper became so important for the spreading of information.
Jeri Smith-Ready, Shade|I promise I'll never tell.""Don't promise that," he said in an ultraserious voice. "If they try to hurt you and the only way to protect yourself is to tell them what you know about me, then you tell them. Straight off, okay?""No." "Promise me.""No!""I will possess your heart."Heat flared along the back of my neck. "What did you say?""My favorite song. 'I Will Possess Your Heart.'""By Death Cab for Cutie?"He snorted. "No, the little known T.I. Hip-hop remix. Yes, Death Cab for Cutie."... "Why? What's wrong with it?""Nothing, but it doesn't seem to fit you. It's kind of a sad song." "No it's pure confident. It's not 'I want' or 'I need', none of that crap." He slipped his hand over mine. "It's 'I will.'"A nervous laugh bubbled up. "You will, huh?"His fingers brushed my cheek, then slid into my hair. "I will.
Charlie Munger|I constantly see people rise in life who are not the smartest, sometimes not even the most diligent, but they are learning machines. They go to bed every night a little wiser than they were when they got up and boy that help, particularly when you have a long run ahead of you.
Michelle Tea, Valencia|I think the first duty of all art, including fiction of any kind, is to entertain. That is to say, to hold interest. No matter how worthy the message of something, if it's dull, you're just not communicating.-Poul_Anderson
Joseph Brodsky|Archimedes will be remembered when Aeschylus is forgotten, because languages die and mathematical ideas do not. “Immortality” may be a silly word, but probably a mathematician has the best chance of whatever it may mean.
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|We know Jesus taught that if someone slaps you on the right cheek, turn to the left. We know that Mohammed was sacked from his village and stoned at Ta'if, but he quietly left for Medina.If both of these men, beaten, and bloodied—the incarnations of their respective faiths—asked God to forgive their aggressors, then who were today's religious leaders to advocate holy war?
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|Far and away the greatest menace to the writer—any writer, beginning or otherwise—is the reader. The reader is, after all, a kind of silent partner in this whole business of writing, and a work of fiction is surely incomplete if it is never read. The reader is, in fact, the writer's only unrelenting, genuine enemy. He has everything on his side; all he has to do, after all, is shut his eyes, and any work of fiction becomes meaningless. Moreover, a reader has an advantage over a beginning writer in not being a beginning reader; before he takes up a story to read it, he can be presumed to have read everything from Shakespeare to Jack Kerouac. No matter whether he reads a story in manuscript as a great personal favor, or opens a magazine, or—kindest of all—goes into a bookstore and pays good money for a book, he is still an enemy to be defeated with any kind of dirty fighting that comes to the writer's mind.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Remember, remember always, that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrants and revolutionists.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|It is not possible to be seduced by the lure of ego-gratification or intimidated by the tyranny of imposters when we know that we are as the angels. We are loved beyond comprehension. So, we must claim our rightful inheritance and live with the confidence of protection.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Because memories fall apart, too. And then you're left with nothing, left not even with a ghost but with its shadow. In the beginning she haunted me, haunted my dreams, but even now, just weeks later, she was slipping away, falling apart in my memory and everyone else's, dying again.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You don’t need to fight situation. You must only adjust, adapt and advance.
Alice Munro, Open Secrets|You would think as you get older your mind would fill up with what they call the spiritual side of things, but mine just seems to get more and more practical, trying to get something settled.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|Librarians save lives: by handing the right book, at the right time, to a kid in need
N. R. Narayana Murthy|Good fiction is about asserting the beauties of the world, inventing a new, positive thing. Where am I going to get that? And it should be original; it should not be cliched. So the way I looked at history was not to accuse it of failure.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|Rising from the dead? Glowing at sunrise? What did that make him, the god of cheerful mornings and macabre surprises?
Daniel Rodriguez, Rise: A Soldier, a Dream, and a Promise Kept|Fuck it,” said Private First Class Chris Barnes, raising his hand. “Let’s do it. This sounds like a great fucking idea. Who wants to get blown up?” They started laughing. Watt, Barker, Cortez, and Private First Class Shane Hoeck all raised their hands. They did not give a damn anymore. It was all so absurd to them, that they were going to drive up and down a road for the next eight hours as bomb magnets. The only thing that they could do was laugh. “Hooray! We’re going out to get blown up!” they sang. “Who’s on board? Hey, who wants to come get blown up? Woohoo! Yeah, dude, I am ready to go fucking die! We are all going to fucking die!
er.teji|Holding you close to my heart makes me feel special. In this moment, I am free to be me.
Alex London, Guardian|Yes," I said, staring at the way the sunshine glinted, quite prettily, on the broken fragments. Odd that something so wrecked could be so beautiful.
Michael Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship that Changed the World|After seeing a movie that dramatizes nuclear war, they worried more about nuclear war; indeed, they felt that it was more likely to happen. The sheer volatility of people's judgement of the odds--their sense of the odds could be changed by two hours in a movie theater--told you something about the reliability of the mechanism that judged those odds.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|We reflect God's character the most when we give freely of ourselves with no strings attached, no secret motives, no hidden agenda.
T Jay Taylor|A man’s most valuable possession is his integrity. Unless he has no integrity. In which case, he may not have much of anything of value.
Edmond Manning|He arches his back because when you forgive, the body says, "Thank God.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Incidentally, I notice that our professors, trying to show off to their students, rant and rail against the state and against law and order, while expecting that same state to punctually pay their salaries, pensions, and family allowances, so that they value at least this kind of law and order. Make a fist with the left hand and open the right hand receptively—that is how one gets through life.
Richard Baxter|Make careful choice of the books which you read: let the holy Scriptures ever have the preeminence. Let Scripture be first and most in your hearts and hands and other books be used as subservient to it. While reading ask yourself: 1. Could I spend this time no better? 2. Are there better books that would edify me more? 3. Are the lovers of such a book as this the greatest  lovers of the Book of God and of a holy life? 4. Does this book increase my love to the Word of God,  kill my sin, and prepare me for the life to come? "The words of the wise are like goads, their collected  sayings like firmly embedded nails—given by one Shepherd. Be warned, my son, of anything in addition to them. Of making many books there is no end, and much study wearies the body." Ecclesiastes 12:11-12
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you dare, you will find strength to fulfil the dream.
A.S. Byatt, Ragnarok|The gods whispered to you once, Finnikin. And you listened. But they are proud and refuse to speak to those who do not believe that there is something out there mightier than the minds and intellect of mortals.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|I'm living at a peak of clarity and beauty I never knew existed. Every part of me is attuned to the work. I soak it up into my pores during the day, and at night—in the moments before I pass off into sleep—ideas explode into my head like fireworks. There is no greater joy than the burst of solution to a problem. Incredible that anything could happen to take away this bubbling energy, the zest that fills everything I do. It's as if all the knowledge I've soaked in during the past months has coalesced and lifted me to a peak of light and understanding. This is beauty, love, and truth all rolled into one. This is joy.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Pain reminds us that we are alive and breathing, that we still have the strength within to fight
Karishma Magvani|You wake up and you realised, you suddenly have have wings! What will you do? You'll go and cut those, because that's what they taught you. They taught you to be sorry for everything. They taught you to be normal.
Caitlyn Jenner|There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries. On such a full sea are we now afloat. And we must take the current when it serves, or lose our ventures.
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|Case shuffled into the nearest door and watched the other passengers as he rode. A pair of predatory-looking Christian Scientists were edging toward a trio of young office techs who wore idealized holographic vaginas on their wrists, wet pink glittering under the harsh lighting. The techs licked their perfect lips nervously and eyed the Christian Scientists from beneath lowered metallic lids. The girls looked like tall, exotic grazing animals, swaying gracefully and unconsciously with the movement of the train, their high heels like polished hooves against the gray metal of the car’s floor. Before they could stampede, take flight from the missionaries, the train reached Case’s station.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|Teach them the shame that tells the lie, “I am unforgivable,” when the truth is, “I feel unforgivable, but it was out of my control.” Never let them switch those round right or The Adversary will liberate them in a heartbeat, like a bird flying from a cage.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf Hunting|He yanked off his shift, and she kicked off her sandals. Then she was on her knees on the bed, unfastening his belt and unzipping his zipper. He was already full to bursting. She glanced up at him. "It looks like you're eager to see me."	"Hell, yeah.
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|You were kidnapped not?""I was kidnapped.""You were forced not into marriage?""I was forced into marriage.""You want not an annulment?""I want not an annulment.
Martin Seligman|The word 'happiness' always bothered me, partly because it was scientifically unwieldy and meant a lot of different things to different people, and also because it's subjective.
Ahmad Al-Tifashi, The Delight of Hearts: Or What You Will Not Find in Any Book|Praise be to God, Who has so disposed matters that pleasant literary anecdotes may serve as an instrument for the polishing of wits and the cleansing of rust from our hearts.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|I dont celebrate any friendship that was build on hate, because we share the common enemy.
Inga Muscio, Autobiography of a Blue-Eyed Devil: My Life and Times in a Racist, Imperialist Society|As ever, the original inhabitants of Turtle Island are entirely overlooked. Mysteriously, the only time indigenous people are guaranteed a mainstream Amerikkan mention is on Thanksgiving. Again, to contextualize, this would be be kinda like someone busting into your house and robbing you blind, then sending you postcards once a year to remind you how much they are enjoying all of your stuff, and getting annoyed with you if you don't respond with appreciation for their thoughtfulness.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|The only way is to keep going forward. Ceaseless attention isn’t what creates success. Yes, give one thought the initial boost it needs, and want it like a lifeline to a new life, a new beginning, a new whatever! Then just let it go!
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|I did it the hard way (a poem)___________________Many of the big dreams I dreamt,I dreamt, when I met a failed attempt.Life taught me to believe thatGreat ideas can start from a wretched hut.Many of the strongest steps I took,I took, when I was given the fiercest look.My passion pokes me to understandThat people’s mockeries, I can withstand.Many of the fastest speeds I gained,I gained when I was bitterly stained.I first thought the only way was to quitAs I tried again, I no longer have guilt.Many of the bravest decisions I made,I made, when my life was about to fade.I was frustrated and ripe to sink.But then I strive to release the ink.Many of the longest journeys I started,I started, having no resource; money partedI relied on God my creator all dawn longAnd at dusk He gave me a new song.Many of the hardest questions I tackled,I tackled, when I was heckled.They were very troublesome to settleBut I make it happen little by littleYet, it was not I, but the Lord JesusThe saviour who gives me success.In Him, through Him and by HimI have the liberty to do everything with vim.I don’t want to enjoy this liberty alone.You too must step out of your comfort zone.It’s not easy, but you can do it anyway.Jesus is the life, the truth and the way.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|I don’t want to take away anybody’s religion, but simply to make them see what religion really means.
Aaron B. Powell|Once you get into your thirties, you stop giving a fuck what people think about your opinions. You're more confident.
Edwin Morgan, New Selected Poems|When you go,if you go,And I should want to die,there's nothing I'd be saved bymore than the timeyou fell asleep in my armsin a trust so gentleI let the darkening roomdrink up the evening, tillrest, or the new rainlightly roused you awake.I asked if you heard the rain in your dreamand half dreaming still you only said, I love you.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Sadness is like growing of hairs around our ass; we may not like it or want it, but it is surprisingly always there.
Russel H.S. Stolfi, Hitler: Beyond Evil and Tyranny|Politics for Hitler must be seen as a distant, prophetic vision to be fulfilled and not as an exercise in personal power. There was no political theory for Hitler and no necessity for adherence to any political programs. There was only tactical political flexibility in the service of seizure of power and the establishment of a Greater Germany in Eu
William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist|We use concepts like "consciousness"---"mind"---"personality," but we don't really know yet what these things are.' He was shaking his head. 'Not really. Not at all.
Katie Reus, Dark Protector|It’s like I’ve walked into the fucking Twilight Zone,” she murmured…
J. Oswald Sanders|True greatness, true leadership, is achieved not by reducing men to one's service but in giving oneself in selfless service to them.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|In sales, every prospect is a potential customer.
Amitabh Bachchan|I can't be around someone who is negative because I am such a positive person. If you are mean, then we don't speak.
Dean Young, Fall Higher|Just because we have birds inside is, we don't have to be cages. -from Instant Recognition between Strangers
Frédéric Bastiat, The Law|The answer is that there is no good answer. So as parents, as doctors, as judges, and as a society, we fumble through and make decisions that allow us to sleep at night--because morals are more important than ethics, and love is more important than law.
Alain de Botton|So why do we worry? Why do we worry about food and clothing About finances and money? About security and the needs of life? We have Jehovah-Rohi! We have the Lord as our caring Shepherd. When fears regarding the cares of this world set in, we need to confidently lean on God's promise to care for us. Then we can declare to God, "Whenever I am afraid, I will trust in You" (Psalm 56:3)
George A. Gomez|What right do we have to dream of another world, if we can't take care of this one.
Life|People who believe in buried gods,’ said Louis.‘Do you believe in buried gods, Detective Walsh?’‘I’m Episcopalian. I believe in everything.
Stanley Kubrick|I don't plan to take a formal, cold approach with my children, but I expect a lot. I don't want my children to view me as their best friend. I want to be their mom.
Damon Thueson|With or without God, good decisions can be made; But only with God will great decisions be made.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Music is obsession.Like jumping in a river and getting swept away, too fast, too hard, hoping that you find an eddy somewhere that will let you gasp for air.
Madelyn Alt, Where There's a Witch|Sometimes rising above is the only way to stop the hate from spreading. It's not what anyone expects, and it does make them stop and think.
Joe Bageant, Deer Hunting with Jesus: Dispatches from America's Class War|Looking at Great-Great Grandpa Baldwin's photograph, I think to myself: You've finally done it. It took four generations, but you've finally goddamned done it. Gotten that war against reason and uppity secularists you always wanted. Gotten even for the Scopes trial, which they say was one of many burrs under your saddle until your last breath. Well, rejoice, old man, because your tribes have gathered around America's oldest magical hairball of ignorance and superstition, Christian fundamentalism, and their numbers have enabled them to suck so much oxygen out of the political atmosphere that they are now acknowledged as a mainstream force in politics. Episcopalians, Jews, and affluent suburban Methodists and Catholics, they are all now scratching their heads, sweating, and swearing loudly that this pack of lower-class zealots cannot possibly represent the mainstream--not the mainstream they learned about in their fancy sociology classes or were so comfortably reassured about by media commentators who were people like themselves. Goodnight, Grandpa Baldwin. I'll toast you from hell.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To possess time is to possess life, don’t trivialize time.
J.R.R. Tolkien|And he took her in his arms and kissed her under the sunlit sky, and he cared not that they stood high upon the walls in the sight of many.
Peter Kreeft, How to Win the Culture War: A Christian Battle Plan for a Society in Crisis|America does not know the difference between money and sex. It treats sex like money because it treats sex as a medium of exchange, and it treats money like sex because it expects its money to get pregnant and reproduce.
|Despite all of our flaws, God still loves us unconditionally. So why then should you dare to turn your back on loving your true positive self,unconditionally?
David Ames Wells|Anything which is physically possible can be made financially possible, if the people of a state desire it.
Carla Harryman, There Never Was a Rose Without a Thorn|A painting walks into the room supported by the collector. It is the painting of a nude by a contemporary artist. She is scarred by shadows from venetian blinds. “The ritual scarification of light and shadow,” I say. But am thinking, silently, the female nude is the self-ironization of the male. She, in his shadow, by design.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|Oh, the stoop of the Redeemer's amazing love! Let us, henceforth, contend how low we can go side by side with Him, but remember when we have gone to the lowest He descends lower still, so that we can truly feel that the very lowest place is too high for us, because He has gone lower still.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Worry less, pray more.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|It's a strange thing, to be talked about instead of talked to.
James E. Faust|But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven; for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|I've crossed paths since with men like him. I wish I could say differently. But I have. And what I have learned is that you dig a little and you find they're all the same, give or take. Some are more polished, granted. They may come with a little bit of charm-- Or a lot -- and that can fool you. But really they're all unhappy little boys sloshing around in their own rage. They feel wronged. They haven't been given their due. No one loved them enough. Of course they expect you to love them. They want to be held, rocked, reassured. But it's a mistake to give it to them. They can't accept it. They can't accept the very thing they're needing. They end up hating you for it. And it never ends because they can't hate you enough. It never ends-- the misery, the apologies, the promises, the reneging, the wretchedness of it all. My first husband was like that.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|There are innumerable ways to murder a person, but the most subtle and pernicious of these is to mutilate the soul of the innocent by denying or downgrading their uniqueness and their beauty.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|It may happen once or perhaps several times during your lifetime, but you'll meet a 'soulmate'. The bond will be instantaneous. They'll be a perfect fit for the empty indention your heart has for rent, and you'll almost think you 'wished' them into existence. One touch... and every pent-up emotion you have buried, will flood your aching heart. The magic is never more apparent that when you realize each of your souls are a perfect template of each other.
Federico Garcia Lorca|Architects, sculptors painters, we all must return to the crafts! For art is not a 'profession.' There is no essential difference between the artist and the craftsman. The artist is an exalted craftsman.
Tahir Shah, Beyond The Devil's Teeth|In some peculiar way, indeed, the rules were now beginning to seem quite logical. It was then I knew that I had been in India long enough.
Leo Babauta, 52 Changes|On the topic of exercise, "It's just as important as brushing your teeth everyday, more important than watching TV or reading online or answering email. Make time for something so crucial to a good life.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|(...) Since I was a kid.""Which you refer to as 'back when you were happy.'""Right.
Curzio Malaparte, Kaputt|May the new era be an era of liberty and respect for everyone--including writers! Only through liberty and respect for culture can Europe be saved from the cruel days of which Montesquieu spoke in the Esprit des lois: "Thus, in the days of fables, after the floods and deluges, there came forth from the soil armed men who exterminated each other." Boook XXXII, Chapter XXIII.
Kelly Corbet, Already Here: The Matter of Love|Rediscovering our own miraculousness is the most important, valuable, world-peacing, beauty-spreading, kind, and generous thing we can do.
William Hazlitt|THE rule for travelling abroad is to take our common sense with us, and leave our prejudices behind us. The object of travelling is to see and learn; but such is our impatience of ignorance, or the jealousy of our self-love, that we generally set up a certain preconception beforehand (in self-defence, or as a barrier against the lessons of experience,) and are surprised at or quarrel with all that does not conform to it. Let us think what we please of what we really find, but pr
Helen Sharman|Each year, thousands of UFOs are sighted and reported, which is an impressive tally of unidentified aerial phenomena. Surveys show that roughly one-third of the populace believes that at least some of this sky show is due to extraterrestrial spacecraft, here to probe our airspace and, when that proves boring, our bodies.
Milton Friedman, The Ethics Of Competition And Other Essays|Social responsibility is a fundamentally subversive doctrine" in a free society, and have said that in such a society, "there is one and only one social responsibility of business–to use it resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game, which is to say, engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud.
Jean de la Bruyere|I have a very low level of recognition, which is fine by me.
John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God|Grace cannot be confused with righteousness. Grace is receiving what we do not deserve; mercy is not receiving what we do deserve. Righteousness, on the other hand, includes what most of us would consider difficult matters, such as punishment, correction and judgment. It also includes what most of us would consider positive matters, such as the fruit of the Spirit.
Maya Morrow, Silicon Valley Girl: My Adolescent Life and Times, and an Ode to Generation X|He feels her heart race madly against his own and for a second he thinks it’s finally happened , he’s come alive.
Eric Schmidt, How Google Works|Favoring specialization over intelligence is exactly wrong, especially in high tech. The world is changing so fast across every industry and endeavor that it's a given the role for which you're hiring is going to change. Yesterday's widget will be obsolete tomorrow, and hiring a specialist in such a dynamic environment can backfire. A specialist brings an inherent bias to solving problems that spawns from the very expertise that is his putative advantage, and may be threatened by a new type of solution that requires new expertise. A smart generalist doesn't have bias, so is free to survey the wide range of solutions and gravitate to the best one.
Terry Pratchett|Buried deep within each one of us lies a treasure. It is our mission in this lifetime to find this treasure, but its exact location is known only by the dragon that guards it.
Sunday Adelaja|You must ask and meditate, after which the Holy Spirit will awaken your spirit to be joined with Him
John Derbyshire|As a result of these news stories, millions of people must have become aware of "niggardly," who otherwise would never have heard it, let alone thought to use it. If this is right, and the word has a new currency, it is probably not the currency I would wish for. The word's new lease of life is probably among manufacturers and retailers of sophomoric humor. I bet that even as I write, some adolescent boys, in the stairwell of some high school somewhere in America, are accusing each other of being niggardly, and sniggering at their own outrageous wit. I bet … Wait a minute. Sniggering? Oh, my God …
Laurelin Paige, Forever with You|Not only does my world revolve around her, but she is my world. She's not just my reason for breathing, she's air itself. She's the meaning behind every one of my thoughts, every thrum of my pulse, every whisper of my conscience. She's my entire everything. It's as simple and as complex as that.
Sheila Kay Adams, My Old True Love|Those doves below, the ones utterly cared for, never endangered ones, cannot know tenderness.
Vita Sackville-West, All Passion Spent|There had been no moments when she could differentiate and say: Then, at such a moment, I love him; and again, Then, at such another, I loved him not. The stress had been constant. her love for him had been a straight black line drawn right through her life. It had hurt her, it had damaged her, it had diminished her, but she had been unable to curve away from it.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|That´s the problem with planning a late night supper after the opera, not only does the hero or the heroine die singing, but you end up famished after the last notes of the finale.
Rachel Hauck, The Writing Desk|Happiness was not a word that seemed to apply anymore, when she had lost so many close to her. There was a contentment that felt deeper, that acknowledged and accepted the quieter offerings of small joys-- of love and occasional peace in a life that was full of pain.
Bill Bryson, In a Sunburned Country|…a waitress came out and plonked in front of each of us a small standard terra-cotta flowerpot in which had been baked a little loaf of bread."What's this?" I asked."It's bread," she replied."But it's in a flowerpot?" She gave me a look that I was beginning to think of as the Darwin stare. It was a look that said, "Yeah? So?""Well, isn't that kind of unusual?"She considered for a moment. "Is a bit, I suppose." "And will we be following a horticultural theme throughout the meal?" Her expression contorted in a deeply pained look, as if she were trying to suck her face into the back of her head. "What?""Will the main course arrive in a wheelbarrow?" I elaborated helpfully. "Will you be serving the salad with a pitchfork?""Oh, no. It's just the bread that's special.""I'm so pleased to hear it.
George Orwell, 1984|Cut off from contact with the outer world, and with the past, the citizen of Oceania is like a man in interstellar space, who has no way of knowing which direction is up and which is down. The rulers of such a state are absolute, as the Pharaohs or the Caesars could not be.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I am not one of those weak-spirited, sappy Americans who want to be liked by all the people around them. I don’t care if people hate my guts; I assume most of them do. The important question is whether they are in a position to do anything about it. My affections, being concentrated over a few people, are not spread all over Hell in a vile attempt to placate sulky, worthless shits.
Bertrand Russell|Why are you drinking? - the little prince asked.- In order to forget - replied the drunkard.- To forget what? - inquired the little prince, who was already feeling sorry for him.- To forget that I am ashamed - the drunkard confessed, hanging his head.- Ashamed of what? - asked the little prince who wanted to help him.- Ashamed of drinking! - concluded the drunkard, withdrawing into total silence.And the little prince went away, puzzled.'Grown-ups really are very, very odd', he said to himself as he continued his journey.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|My Christmas was a sum total of the ministrations of adults, usually adults who wanted me to encourage my parents to buy something for me to consume and discard.
George Orwell, 1984|Tragedy, he precieved, belonged to the ancient time, to a time when there were still privacy, love, and friendship, and when the members of a family stood by one another without needing to know the reason.
L.J. Smith, Midnight|Wait.” Stefan’s voice was hard suddenly. Bonnie and Elena turned back and froze, embracing each other, trembling. “What is your—your father—going to do to you when he finds out that you allowed this?” as I do, and we will be sharing a belly laugh tomorrow.
Stephen Richards|Before you can successfully make friends with others, first you have to become your own friend.
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|Hail Mary full of Grace the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen.' Then he added, 'Blessed Virgin, pray for the death of this fish wonderful though he is.
Robert Tew|The most liberating moment, is the moment you finally let go.
Joanne Harris, Chocolat|The advantage of travel is that after a while you begin to realize that wherever you go, most people aren't really all that much different.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|Not just one way to describe ourselves, but two ways, at least.Not just one way to hunt for a job, but two ways, at least.Not just one kind of job to hunt for, but two kinds of jobs, at least.Not just one size company to go after, but two sizes, at least.Not just one place we really would like to work at, but two places, at least.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|The key thing to keep in mind is that people do change, but they do it in their own time, for their own reasons. That's why you can hope for change, you can encourage change, you can communicate that you want change, but there are never any guarantees that it will happen.
Mahdi Khmili|They were almost never alone, and now that they almost-practically were, he felt kind of frantic for her attention.
Gerald Jampolsky|Stage fright is my worst problem. A voice is very intimate. It's something of your own. So there's always this fear, because you feel naked. There's a fear of not reaching up to expectations.
Erri De Luca, Tre cavalli|Where there is ignorance, there you will find despair; with knowledge comes hope.
Anne Rice, Merrick|Singing the songs, writing the lyrics, emotioning the words; that is all I can do for love.
Ayn Rand|Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
Shawn Wayans|Funny is a good foil. Humor is illuminating, and it also gives you power.
Lee Westwood|Society tends to always make multiples - whether it's twins or triplets or whatever - one person. And it's not always fair. I encourage multiples to embrace their individual uniqueness because, just as you are an amazing unit together, that can only happen when you are strong individually.
Nora Roberts, The Villa|Speech one may regret,Silence no sorrow begets,Humility be born before honour,Soft answer turns wrath’s corner
Amy Harmon, Infinity + One|We weren't so different, Finn and I. Cages come in lots of colors and shapes. Some are gilded, while others have a slamming door. But golden handcuffs are still handcuffs.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|You make me feel like I am everywhere when I am right here, completely still with you.
Chinese Proverb|He who is afraid of suffering, is already suffering fear. Out of fear, true creativity is blocked.
Orson F. Whitney|If we celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday at a time of presidential inaugurals, this is thanks to Ronald Reagan who created the holiday, and not to the Democratic Congress of the Carter years, which rejected it.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|any movement which is worth while, any action which has any deep significance, must begin with each one of us. I must change first; I must see what is the nature and structure of my relationship with the world - and in the very seeing is the doing; therefore I, as a human being living in the world, bring about a different quality, and that quality, it seems to me, is the quality of the religious mind.The religious mind is something entirely different from the mind that believes in religion...A religious mind does not seek at all, it cannot experiment with truth. Truth is not something dictated by your pleasure or pain, or by your conditioning as a Hindu or whatever religion you belong to. The religious mind is a state of mind in which there is no fear and therefore no belief whatsoever but only what is - what actually is.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Hate is contagious. A few seconds after Donald Trump has told me something hateful, somebody else repeats it. He has legitimized what people only dare say in their kitchens and bedrooms.
Caroline B. Cooney, Losing Christina Collection|If I were a seagullI wouldn't have to stick aroundIf people argued- I would fly off,swerve, wheel, dip, scream.a thousand wings of company if I have friendstwo strong wings of my ownIf I don't
K.D. West, The Visitor Entertains|Don't let lack of sexual communication get in the way of your pleasure any longer. Dare to ask the questions that will make sex so much more enjoyable, boost passion, and facilitate a deeper connection and intimacy in your relationship.
Marvin Sapp|My favourite singer ever in the world is Ari Up from The Slits. Her voice is amazing to me. It's carefree, but it's also really amazing.
Miriam Margolyes|People have to learn that everybody is the same. If you wake up in the morning, even if you're a movie star, you look like everybody else. The reality is that makeup is there to help. That's what it's for.
Fahad Rashiq|Struggle for Your Goals, because its too much better than Struggling for Your Life.
Diana Mankin Phelps, A Mother's Side of War|Adams had gone to Harvard, Jefferson to William and Mary. Washington had gone to war.
Robert Ludlum, The Matlock Paper|We may achieve climate, but weather is thrust upon us. Santone, then, cannot be blamed for this cold gray fog that came and kissed the lips of the three thousand, and then delivered them to the cross. That night the tubercles, whose ravages hope holds in check, multiplied. The writhing fingers of the pale mist did not go thence bloodless. Many of the wooers of ozone capitulated with the enemy that night, turning their faces to the wall in that dumb, isolated apathy that so terrifies their watchers. On the red stream of Hemorrhagia a few souls drifted away, leaving behind pathetic heaps, white and chill as the fog itself. Two or three came to view this atmospheric wraith as the ghost of impossible joys, sent to whisper to them of the egregious folly it is to inhale breath into the lungs, only to exhale it again, and these used whatever came handy to their relief, pistols, gas or the beneficent muriate. - A Fog in Santone (1898-1901)
Scott A. Butler, H2Zero: Part One|There’s no god, it’s the elements that control this world and everything on it.
Brian Blessed|One must keep working continuously; otherwise, one thinks of death.
Joseph Addison|It is impossible to practice parliamentary politics without having patience, decency, politeness and courtesy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we reflect, we shall recognize.
Isaac Asimov, I, Robot|We’re so self-important. Everybody’s going to save something now. “Save the trees, save the bees, save the whales, save those snails.” And the greatest arrogance of all: save the planet. Save the planet, we don’t even know how to take care of ourselves yet. I’m tired of this shit. I’m tired of f-ing Earth Day. I’m tired of these self-righteous environmentalists, these white, bourgeois liberals who think the only thing wrong with this country is that there aren’t enough bicycle paths. People trying to make the world safe for Volvos. Besides, environmentalists don’t give a shit about the planet. Not in the abstract they don’t. You know what they’re interested in? A clean place to live. Their own habitat. They’re worried that some day in the future they might be personally inconvenienced. Narrow, unenlightened self-interest doesn’t impress me.The planet has been through a lot worse than us. Been through earthquakes, volcanoes, plate tectonics, continental drift, solar flares, sun spots, magnetic storms, the magnetic reversal of the poles … hundreds of thousands of years of bombardment by comets and asteroids and meteors, worldwide floods, tidal waves, worldwide fires, erosion, cosmic rays, recurring ice ages … And we think some plastic bags and some aluminum cans are going to make a difference? The planet isn’t going anywhere. WE are!We’re going away. Pack your shit, folks. We’re going away. And we won’t leave much of a trace, either. Maybe a little Styrofoam … The planet’ll be here and we’ll be long gone. Just another failed mutation. Just another closed-end biological mistake. An evolutionary cul-de-sac. The planet’ll shake us off like a bad case of fleas.The planet will be here for a long, long, LONG time after we’re gone, and it will heal itself, it will cleanse itself, ’cause that’s what it does. It’s a self-correcting system. The air and the water will recover, the earth will be renewed. And if it’s true that plastic is not degradable, well, the planet will simply incorporate plastic into a new paradigm: the earth plus plastic. The earth doesn’t share our prejudice toward plastic. Plastic came out of the earth. The earth probably sees plastic as just another one of its children. Could be the only reason the earth allowed us to be spawned from it in the first place. It wanted plastic for itself. Didn’t know how to make it. Needed us. Could be the answer to our age-old egocentric philosophical question, “Why are we here?” Plastic… asshole.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|All I do know is that as we age the weight of our unsorted baggage becomes heavier...much heavier. With each passing year, the price of our refusing to do that sorting rises higher and higher.
Anita Sarkeesian|All true meaning resides in the personal relationship to a phenomenon, what it means to you.
Russell Kirk, The Conservative Mind: From Burke to Eliot|Because “we human beings are imaginative by nature, we cannot choose to live by the routine of the ant-heap. If deprived of the imagery of virtue” — imaginative depictions of the truly good life — “we will seek out the imagery of vice.
Tarif Naaz, Mayhem In Paradise|Our culture runs on coffee and gasoline, the first often tasting like the second.
Sunday Adelaja|There is apparently an easy test to distinguish good schoolteachers from poor ones; ask them what they teach. Poor ones reply, 'I teach French,' or 'I teach physics' or whatever their subject is. Good ones say, 'I teach children.' The teacher here would have fallen into the second group: he taught knowledge to people. Or better, he imparted knowledge, meaning he passed over so that the people who learned from him knew the lessons for themselves.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|To believe or not to believe, is a problem. To leave or to conceive is another problem. To ascertain and to achieve is to solve the problem.
Penney Peirce, Transparency: Seeing Through to Our Expanded Human Capacity|Every piece of clutter you dissolve back into clear light allows your higher inner blueprint, your soul’s destiny, to translate fluidly and accurately into the form of your life. The clearer you become, the easier it is to evolve along with the planet—with no snags, stuckness, or suffering. This is the act of becoming transparent.
Susan Hill, Mrs de Winter|Because Niall Lynch was the biggest liar of them all, and he’d stuffed all of that into his eldest son. There was not much difference between a lie and a secret.
Kenya Wright, 420|Weed etiquette rule - whoever rolls the joint, gets the first hit.
Debasish Mridha|If you can believe that you can do it, the whole universe will conspire to help you.
Richard Kirwan, Logick; Or, an Essay on the Elements, Principles, and Different Modes of Reasoning, Volume 1|Though words are arbitrary in their primitive institution, yet when once their signification is fixed, we are no more entitled to alter it than to call a tree an elephant; for, being no man's private possession, but the common measures of commerce and communication, it is not for any one at pleasure to change the stamp they are current in; at least where there is a necessity to do so, notice of it should be given.
Nitesh Sabne|Money is not single thing, it's relate to purpose.
Nabil N. Jamal|We Born, Get Education, Get Jobs, Earn, Spend, Save And Eventually Die. That Can't Be Right. There Must Be Something Important We're Missing. We're Too Busy Following That Same Circle That We Forget Our Main Purpose of Life, To Know Ourselves....
Cliff James, Of Bodies Changed|Without God's Word as a lens, the world warps.
Clayton Moore|Every emancipation has in it the seeds of a new slavery, and every truth easily becomes a lie.
Scott Kelly|When you write a song, it may come from a personal space, but it very seldom actually represents you. It comes out of a sort of mood of melancholy, somehow. It's almost theatrical.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Of what use is my going to church every day and still come home and remain the same? Of what use is my attending the mosques and the next day I enter the mall with knives and start slaughtering people in the name of religion.God is a God of variety. He was not stupid creating all of us different with our uniqueness.His creating us different shows the level of His creativity. He didn't make you white to hate black or vice versa. He made it so that we can cherish and love each other irrespective of our differences just as He loved us with all our flaws and our short comings.Can we forgive those who have offended us? Yes and some will say no but never forget that you are not worthy but God still forgives you even till the last hour of your life.If God can love us against all our atrocities why can't we learn to love one another.Take a look around you, you can only see sad faces. Was that really God's intention for us on earth? Absolutely not. But we have remoulded God's creativity to suit our taste and lifestyles and now we are reaping the fruit of our labour. You should not expect to reap love when you sowed the seed of hatred. What a man sows that he reaps. We sowed on weapons of war and we are yielding war in return. We have sowed on weapons of destruction so why are we asking for peace.If you ask me....I will say let's go back to our source. He has never lost any battle. I am a living witness.
J. Warner Wallace, God's Crime Scene: A Cold-Case Detective Examines the Evidence for a Divinely Created Universe|While physical states can be publicly known, mental states are only privately known. This characteristic of the mind is not shared with the brain; the properties of the brain and the mind are not identical.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|Ah! candid and unadulterated mind! you have learned early to reflect; but take care lest this habit, hitherto so well applied, should totally unfit you for society. It will strew thorns in your path, while other young women of your age seek only flowers. By imagining yourself in the place of others, as you now continually do, you will learn to feel for all the unhappy, or even for those who appear so; whereas it might save a great deal of (for the most part useless) pain, if you could contrive to feel only for yourself.
Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala|The studios don't finance anymore, they get outside funds.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Even, if we aren’t rewarded, we will do the good work.
Caitlin Doughty, Smoke Gets in Your Eyes: And Other Lessons from the Crematory|As a journalist, I can also now understand his (Patrick O'Brian's)idea that the Q&A is not particularly civilized — let alone a sports media press scrum. The formats don’t necessarily further understanding between two people. It is not always true conversation — a discussion that unearths nuggets of insight. It too often seems like interviewers are running through a pre-fab checklist, looking for a Tweetable quote, trolling for a gaffe, or ticking off pre-conceived points like those on a medical checklist at the doctor’s office. It can feel invasive, like a trip to the proctologist — in front of an audience.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Cardboard Box|Anyone can get a job, but do you have a purpose?
Shalom Auslander, Foreskin's Lament|Dr. Bob Jones, Sr. observed, "The Devil did not tempt Adam and Eve to steal, to lie, to kill, to commit adultery; he tempted them to live independently of God.
Lailah  Gifty  Akita|Where we are going is touching the invisible, invisible becoming visible...
Richard M. Nixon|Elegance is usually confused with superficiality, fashion, lack of depth. This is a serious mistake: human beings need to have elegance in their actions and in their posture because this word is synonymous with good taste, amiability, equilibrium and harmony.
C. JoyBell C.|The louder he talked of his honor, the faster we counted our spoons.
Kip Moore|I hope that I'm always struggling, really. You develop when you're struggling. When you're struggling, you get stronger.
Michael P Nichols, The Lost Art of Listening, Second Edition: How Learning to Listen Can Improve Relationships|So even though Grandpa's life has closed its final chapter, the story that he embodied continues each time we take a handful of dirt to check moisture levels or turn our head at the sound of the wind shifting directions before a storm. It lives on as we give thanks for the abundance that we have, whatever it looks like. It lives on in every decision we make that puts someone else first.
Alice Godwin, Lighthouses: An Anthology of Dark Tales|The sea is a lonely and hostile place, Captain,' Jansen said coldly. 'It is always best not to make enemies of those who might be your friends. You never know when your ships may cross
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|Her power was a wrenching thing, starless black and sorrow, but my magic was something more...it was hope.
Ernst Cassirer, An Essay on Man: An Introduction to a Philosophy of Human Culture|...it would be a very naive sort of dogmatism to assume that there exists an absolute reality of things which is the same for all living beings. Reality is not a unique and homogeneous thing; it is immensely diversified, having as many different schemes and patterns as there are different organisms. Every organism is, so to speak, a monadic being. It has a world of its own because it has an experience of its own. The phenomena that we find in the life of a certain biological species are not transferable to any other species. The experiences - and therefore the realities - of two different organisms are incommensurable with one another. In the world of a fly, says Uexkull, we find only "fly things"; in the world of a sea urchin we find only "sea urchin things.
Junaid Raza|the essence of the Hajj is Arafat. On the ninth day of the Hajj month all pilgrims gather on the great Plain of Arafat to offer their deepest heartfelt prayers. It’s a reminder of Resurrection, when everyone will stand “naked” before God on Judgement Day and nothing counts but our actions and their effects upon our soul’.
Hamza wolf|Greatness consists not in the holding of some future office, but really consists in doing great deeds with little means and the accomplishment of vast purposes from the private rants of life. To be great at all one must be great here, now, in Philadelphia.
Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego|A religion, even if it calls itself a religion of love, must be hard and unloving to those who do not belong to it.
Alex Garland|Trust me, it's paradise. This is where the hungry come to feed. For mine is a generation that circles the globe and searches for something we haven't tried before. So never refuse an invitation, never resist the unfamiliar, never fail to be polite and never outstay the welcome. Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience. And if it hurts, you know what? It's probably worth it.
Forrest Carter, The Outlaw Josey Wales|As Lacy waited for her turn to speak on Peter's behalf, she thought back to the first time she realized she could hate her own child.
Gary Leblanc|Rowl reminded himself that cats were eternally patient, and that he would not simply explode if he did not fling himself from Littlemouse's arms and go exploring. Which was not to say that he could not do so if he wished, because cats were also their own masters. He decided that his patience was practically legendary- which was fortunate...
Russell D. Moore, Adopted for Life: The Priority of Adoption for Christian Families and Churches|The root of impatience in discipline is really the same as that of overindulgence. In both instances, parents want to make up for lost time, to speed up a process that takes time.
Jean Baudrillard|I don't get jealousy, I don't get how people hate each other - I never did.
Kenneth H. Cooper|I didn't have any concept of age or authority. I remember realising, Oh, the world has rules and we don't.
Cornel West, Black Prophetic Fire|There are hundreds of political prisoners right now in America’s jails who were so taken by Malcolm [X’s} spirit that they became warriors and the powers that be understood them as warriors. They knew that a lot of these other middle-class [black] leaders were not warriors; they were professionals; they were careerists. But these warriors had callings, and they have paid an incalculable and immeasurable price in those cells.
James J. Houts|In 2008, when almost every other investor got crushed, and even the Wall Street "experts" were down by almost half, I was up 17 percent - beating the S&P Average by over 50 percent.Reminiscences of a Stock Market Flea
Jodi Picoult, Picture Perfect|How could I have ever thought she was what was wrong in my life? She was the only thing that made any sense, and when she was broken and hurting, so was I.
L. Peat O'Neil, Travel Writing: See the World. Sell the Story.|Find pleasure in the path, even if the destination can't be foreseen.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|Take God at His Word – because winning the battle doesn't requirephysical brawn, but spiritual brains!
Dylan Lauren|In its heyday, the car was an expression of technical flair and design genius: the original Mini, the Beetle, the 2CV, and the Fiat 500 were all, in their various ways, inspired incarnations of functionality.
Simon Kurt Unsworth, The Devil's Detective|The hope of Elevation has to remain something random, impossible to see properly, given not to those who earn it but to those with no discernible right to it. Resentment, fear, loathing, and a tiny, flickering light of hope always just out of reach, that is Hell, yes?
Marney K. Makridakis|Play and productivity are no longer two separate worlds that rarely meet. They can come together like happy fistfuls of Play-Doh, beautifully blending to reveal the brand-new colors of a meaningful life. You get to play AND do. Play matters. Your life matters. It's time to manifest.
Bill Clinton|Thirty seconds of pure awareness is a long time, especially after a lifetime of escaping yourself at all costs.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Is this Clarissa Fray?" The voice on the other end of the phone sounded familiar, though not immediately identifiable.Clary twirled the phone cord nervously around her finger. "Yeees?""Hi, I'm one of the knife-carrying hooligans you met last night in Pandemonium? I"m afraid I made a bad impression and was hoping you'd give me a chance to make it up to-""SIMON!" Clary held the phone away from her ear as he cracked up laughing. "That is so not funny!""Sure it is. You just don't see the humor.""Jerk." Clary sighed, leaning up against the wall.
Anonymous|When my wife was asked  "Do you take this man for richer or poorer . . ." she answered  "For richer."
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can stay positive in bad situations, you are strong; if you can stay optimistic in hopeless situations, you are mighty; if you can stay hopeful in impossible situations, you are great.
Darmie O-Lujon|When flash of hope scans through your dreams. When news of goodness skims the surface of your expectations and bravery abates, break not, keep pressing less the dreams of your fingers suffer extinction.
Chris Lutz|An entrepreneurial economy is what made America great. People didn’t come to settle the country several hundred years ago for all the good paying jobs. There weren’t any. There was nothing but natural resources and opportunities." - Chris Lutz, Modular Career Design
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Aunt Fanny tells me you made great friends with Mr. Mottram. I'm sure he can't be very nice.''I don't think he is,' said Julia. 'I don't know that I like nice people
Roberto Cavalli|No one can train you to be famous. How do you deal with the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy? You have to be disciplined.
Charles Eisenstein|We sense that ‘normal’ isn’t coming back, that we are being born into a new normal: a new kind of society, a new relationship to the earth, a new experience of being human.
Denis Diderot|How had they met? By chance, like everybody else. What were there names? What's it to you? Where were they coming from? From the nearest place. Where were they going? Does anyone really know where they're going?
Damien Hirst|History is always changing behind us, and the past changes a little every time we retell it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Honour comes and goes, influence comes and stays, but none of them safeguards us against danger than the mentor of true leadership; Jesus Christ!
Debasish Mridha|What we touch with our fingers is false. What we feel through our perceptions is real. What we see through our eyes is an illusion, but what we see through our heart is real.
Darnell Lamont Walker|They sat quietly together for a few minutes, Joe holding Fiona's hand, Fiona sniffling. No flowery words, no platitudes passed between them. Joe would have done anything to ease her suffering, but he knew nothing he might do, or say, could. Her grief would run its course, like a fever, and release her when it was spent. He would not shush her or tell her it was God's will and that her da was better off. That was rubbish and they both knew it. When something hurt as bad as this, you had to let it hurt. There were no shortcuts.
Charles Bukowski, Women|There are some people in your life who bring back old memories. And there are others - your first kiss, your first love, your first sex - who, the moment you see them, bring a spark...and something far more potent. They bring back your old life and with that, potential. And possibilities. And the feeling that if you were back in that time, life could be so very different from where you're stuck right now. That's the most tantalizing thing....I want my potential back.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|26. Don’t marry someone with intolerable characteristics in the hopes of changing him or her. If you can’t live with someone who drinks or someone who isn’t a Christian or someone who isn’t clean, then don’t marry that kind of person. The chances for miraculous improvements or changes in behavior are slim. What you see is what you get!
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Knowing the enemy enables you to take the offensive, knowing yourself enables you to stand on the defensive.
Jaiendra Puri|With a modest amount of looks and talent and more than a modicum of serendipity, I've managed to stretch my 15 minutes of fame into more than half a century of good fortune.
Diablo Cody, Juno: The Shooting Script|A monster. You and your friends, all of you. Pretty monsters. It's a stage all girls go through. If you're lucky you get through it without doing any permanent damage to yourself or anyone else.
Melodie Ramone, After Forever Ends|There’s something so great about this,” she whispers. About what?” I whisper back.About this,” she whispers. About being outlaws. It’s just you and me—against the world.
Andy Serkis|We must admit with humility that, while number is purely a product of our minds, space has a reality outside our minds, so that we cannot completely prescribe its properties a priori.
Marilyn Van Derbur, Miss America By Day: Lessons Learned From Ultimate Betrayals And Unconditional Love|If your body is screaming in pain, whether the pain is muscular contractions, anxiety, depression, asthma or arthritis, a first step in releasing the pain may be making the connection between your body pain and the cause. “Beliefs are physical. A thought held long enough and repeated enough becomes a belief. The belief then becomes biology.
Lisa Abu-Bakr|The classes were valuable, but the real education was the game.
Ross Cheit, The Witch-Hunt Narrative: Politics, Psychology, and the Sexual Abuse of Children|In her book claiming that allegations of ritualistic abuse are mostly confabulations, La Fontaine’s (1998) comparison of social workers to ‘nazis’ shows the depth of feeling evident amongst many sceptics. However, this raises an important question: Why did academics and journalists feel so strongly about allegations of ritualistic abuse, to the point of pervasively misrepresenting the available evidence and treating women disclosing ritualistic abuse, and those workers who support them, with barely concealed contempt? It is of course true that there are fringe practitioners in the field of organised abuse, just as there are fringe practitioners in many other health-related fields. However, the contrast between the measured tone of the majority of therapists and social workers writing on ritualistic abuse, and the over-blown sensationalism of their critics, could not be starker. Indeed, Scott (2001) notes with irony that the writings of those who claimed that ‘satanic ritual abuse’ is a ‘moral panic’ had many of the features of a moral panic: scapegoating therapists, social workers and sexual abuse victims whilst warning of an impending social catastrophe brought on by an epidemic of false allegations of sexual abuse. It is perhaps unsurprising that social movements for people accused of sexual abuse would engage in such hyperbole, but why did this rhetoric find so many champions in academia and the media?
Seneca|Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.
Jo Nesbø, The Snowman|Did you know that darkness has a taste, Grandma?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Your life, your world.
Joseph Potts|I said to you this day, that my life will move in a different way, to a successful place, were I will stay"!
Tiffany Madison|While writing is like a joyful release, editing is a prison where the bars are my former intentions and the abusive warden my own neuroticism.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|schools for love do not exist. everyone assumes that we will know how to love instinctively.despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, we still accept that the family is the primary school for love.those of us who do not learn how to love among family are expected to experience love in romantic relationships. however this love often eludes us.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Socialism always produces evil results, no matter one's intentions.
M. H. Abrams|I wrote a novel for my degree, and I'm very happy I didn't submit that to a publisher. I sympathize with my professors who had to read it.
Albert Einstein|Concepts that have proven useful in ordering things easily achieve such an authority over us that we forget their earthly origins and accept them as unalterable givens. Thus they come to be stamped as “necessities of thought”, “a priori givens”, etc. The path of scientific advance is often made impassable for a long time through such errors. For that reason, it is by no means an idle game if we become practiced in analyzing the long commonplace concepts and exhibiting those circumstances upon which their justification and usefulness depend, how they have grown up, individually, out of the givens of experience. By this means, their all-too-great authority will be broken. They will be removed if they cannot be properly legitimated, corrected if their correlation with given things be far too superfluous, replaced by others if a new system can be established that we prefer for whatever reason.
Dean Koontz, The Book Of Counted Sorrows|Because that's what Hermione does,' said Ron, shrugging. 'When in doubt, go to the library.
K.A. Laity|We have one precious life: do something extraordinary today, even if it's tiny. A pebble starts the avalanche.
George MacDonald, The Wise Woman and Other Stories|When we our betters see bearing our woes,We scarcely think our miseries our foes.
Shelly Thacker, His Stolen Bride|At first, I did not tell you any of this because...you were not supposed to mean anything to me. And later..." His voice became rough with emotion. "Later, I did not tell you because you mean so much to me.
Kendall Kulper, Salt & Storm|Lords of blue and Lords of gold,Lords of wind and waters wild,Lords of time that's growing old,When will come the season mild?When will come blue Madoc's child?
Greg Iles, The Footprints of God|And then, suddenly, an extraordinary question rose in my mind, whether this stupendous globe of green fire might not be the vast Central Sun—the great sun, round which our universe and countless others revolve. I felt confused. I thought of the probable end of the dead sun, and another suggestion came, dumbly—Do the dead stars make the Green Sun their grave? The idea appealed to me with no sense of grotesqueness; but rather as something both possible and probable.
Jordan Belfort, The Wolf of Wall Street|Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|Books are our best friends we say, so can we call 'Paragraphs' as our 'Just Friends'?
J.R. Ward, Crave|I'm beginning to believe that there are angels disguised as men who pass themselves off as such and who inhabit the earth for a while to console and lift up with them toward heaven the poor, exhausted and saddened souls who were ready to perish here below.
Magritte|The mind loves the unknown. It loves images whose meaning is unknown, since the meaning of the mind itself is unknown.
Gordon B. Hinckley, LDS Gems and Inspiration Quotes|A truly educated man never ceases to learn. He never ceases to grow. I hope you women, as you take upon yourselves the burden of rearing families, will never set aside the desire to acquire knowledge.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|This verse just came to my mind yesterday while sitting in the train...‘Pursue … overtake … and … recover all.’1 Samuel 30:8When King David and his men returned home from battle, they discovered that the Amalekites had burned their homes to the ground and taken their families prisoner. They were devastated. They wept until they’d no tears left. Then God spoke to them and said, ‘Pursue … overtake … and … recover all.’ And with His help they did! So no matter how bad your situation looks right now, don’t give up. Cry if you have to, then dry your tears and go out in God’s strength and take back what the Enemy has stolen from you. If necessary, take it an inch at a time, drawing on His strength and not your own. Paul writes: ‘Let us not lose heart and grow weary and faint in acting nobly and doing right, for in due time and at the appointed season we shall reap, if we do not loosen and relax our courage and faint’ (Galatians 6:9 AMP Classic Edition). God won’t quit on you, so don’t quit on Him! He has promised in His Word: ‘When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze. For I am the LORD your God’ (Isaiah 43:2-3 NIV 2011 Edition). Don’t give up - go through! It’s easy to quit, but it takes faith to go through. When your faith honours God, He honours your faith! And with Him on your side you’ll come out stronger than you were when you went in. So the word for you today is: ‘Pursue … overtake … and … recover all.
Mohammed Ali Bapir|Without emotional response, love is an act of self-deceiving self-satisfaction by an unsatisfied self.
Isaac Asimov|Business, more than any other occupation, is a continual dealing with the future; it is a continual calculation, an instinctive exercise in foresight.
Jacques Vaché|Well then – I see two ways of letting things take their course – Create one’s own sensations with the help of a flamboyant collision of rare words – not often, mind you – or else neatly draw the angles, the squares, the entire geometry of feelings – those of the moment, naturally.
Jim Hunt|If you wanna know how not secure you are, just take a look around. Nothing's secure. Nothing's safe. I don't hate technology, I don't hate hackers, because that's just what comes with it, without those hackers we wouldn't solve the problems we need to solve, especially security.
Tadao Ando|Unless a tree has borne blossoms in spring, you will vainly look for fruit on it in autumn.
Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip|Then, by your definition... I'm in love with you.
Toni Sorenson|You do not need permission to be you. Just be your authentic, brilliant, one-soul-only self. You are a marvel. Act like it!
Jane Johnson, The Tenth Gift|I had no voice to talk with because she was my whole language. Without her to talk to, there was nothing to say.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|Compassion is an unstable emotion. It needs to be translated into action, or it withers. The question of what to do with the feelings that have been aroused, the knowledge that has been communicated. If one feels that there is nothing 'we' can do -- but who is that 'we'? -- and nothing 'they' can do either -- and who are 'they' -- then one starts to get bored, cynical, apathetic.
Jeff Hutchins, Denton the Dragon in Tales of Bubbleland|It’s okay to dress up like another person, but never try to be someone else. Just try to be yourself, because that’s what makes you special. Oh, and watch out if a dragon ever starts to dance ballet.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|If we have faith, then we can see the beauty around us. If we don’t then we are just blind followers, not knowing why we are on the path.
Al Sharpton|I mean, death is a serious thing, certainly not to be sneezed at.
anynomous|Capi will learn to read before you, Remi.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|These people do exist and are a pleasure to know. Their keen communication skills are attentive to what you want, what you are thinking, saying, or not saying. They want to hear how you are and what you’ve been up to.
Julie James, Love Irresistibly|Once I had her hand, I never wanted to let go of her.
Peyton Manning|Cassidy's heart tried to leap out through his taught skin and hop into his wet hands. But outwardly it was all very calm, very serene, just as always, and it seemed to last a tiny forever, just like that, a snapshot of them all on the curved parabola of a starting line, eight giant hearts attached to eight pairs of bellows-like lungs mounted on eight pairs of supercharged stilts. They were poised on the edge of some howling vortex they had run 10,000 miles to get to. Now they had to run one more
Kennedy Ryan, Loving You Always|So why did he do it?"Cricket rakes a hand through his hair. "For the same reason everyone makes mistake. He fell in love.
Claire Tomalin|Sepia in particular tends to make everything look a bit romantic and almost sentimental, hence the fact that it remains such a popular choice for wedding photographs.
Debasish Mridha|You attract others with your inner lights of positivity, love, and kindness.
Megan McCafferty, Sloppy Firsts|All subjects are the same. I memorize notes for a test, spew it, ace it, then forget it. What makes this scary for the future of our country is that I'm in the tip-top percentile on every standardized test. I'm a model student with a very crappy attitude about learning.
Phil Gingrey|Sometimes, when my wife and I were going out to dinner, I would take my laptop with me and work in the car, so as to take advantage of the half hour going and coming.
Marc Bekoff, Animals Matter: A Biologist Explains Why We Should Treat Animals with Compassion and Respect|Dominion does not mean domination. We hold dominion over animals only because of our powerful and ubiquitous intellect. Not because we are morally superior. Not because we have a "right" to exploit those who cannot defend themselves. Let us use our brain to move toward compassion and away from cruelty, to feel empathy rather than cold indifference, to feel animals' pain in our hearts.
D.H. Lawrence, Women in Love|If you're heartless, try not to steal someone else's
Adrian Dawson|Does it matter, when you read, if the person who wrote still lives?
Sami Abouzid|There is no pleasure in my life except you,I want to live for you.#indrani(wifey)
Sharon Salzberg, The Force of Kindness: Change Your Life with Love & Compassion|Once someone appears to us primarily as an object, kindness has no place to root.
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Change is hard. Logically, we know what we should do, but our feelings about doing it make our decision for us. How you feel in the moment is almost never aligned with your goals and dreams. If you only act when you feel like it, you will never get what you want.You must learn how to separate what you feel from the actions that you take.You can't control how you feel. But you can always choose how you act.
Margaret Mead|I used to say to my classes that the ways to get insight are: to study infants; to study animals; to study primitive people; to be psychoanalyzed; to have a religious conversion and get over it; to have a psychotic episode and get over it; or to have a love affair with an old Russian. And I stopped saying that when a little dancer in the front row put up her hand and said, 'Does he have to be old?
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|(Rigg) had often complained that all these languages were useless, and Father had only said, "A man who speaks but one language understands none.
Amanda Seyfried|We found out the Gemini spacesuit was, well, oxygen was flowing to keep me cool as well as to breathe, and it wasn't good enough. My visor got fogged.
Palle Oswald|make your worst day is the best day in your life,because surely there's something missing within our self without it,so we can be who we are now ,the wiser and the mature one
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Do you feel like your action plans are stronger to than your capability? Just take a moment a draw a plan of how to deal with the difficult task with a single bite at each time. Go slow, but sure!
Lionel Suggs|Chance" is just a word expressing ignorance
Storm Constantine, The Enchantments of Flesh and Spirit|I felt as if something hung there in the back of my mind, waiting to tarnish whatever happiness I might find. Is it safer to be unhappy? Nothing ever wants to take that away.
James Campion Conway, The Vagabond King: A coming of age story|Men cannot make good decisions about their lifelong mate when driven by the passions of youth. If Pakal is continuing to see this woman, I will immediately put this to an end." -- Sak K'uk, Queen Mother of Janaab Pakal, Ruler of Palenque.
Mikhail Lermontov|Telecom is a dramatic success in India and our view is, respecting the political process, and respecting the fact that these are sovereign decisions, is that, approaching India as a friend.
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|Don't ever trust men with good intentions. They'll always disappoint you."Leo
Xavier Aldana Reyes, Horror: A Literary History|We're going to have such fun, you and I.
Nina LaCour, We Are Okay|Don’t wait up for me tonight, for the night will be black and white.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we are a comfort and encouragement to others, we are sometimes surprised at how it comes back to us many times over.
Theodore Volgoff, The Pool|To uncover new knowledge, and to find the truth, one must dare venture into the unknown.
Albert Camus|In order to be created, a work of art must first make use of the dark forces of the soul
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you focus on want, you become an endless cycle of wants. To get, simply release, and then gently invite.
Michael Shermer|...evolution is not a religious tenet, to which one swears allegiance or belief as a matter of faith.. It is a factual reality of the empirical world. Just as one would not say 'I believe in gravity," one should not proclaim 'I believe in evolution.
Mark F. LaMoure|The world's biggest tree, the redwood tree was once a little nut that just kept growing regardless of weather.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|Of course genes can’t pull the levers of our behavior directly. But they affect the wiring and workings of the brain, and the brain is the seat of our drives, temperaments and patterns of thought. Each of us is dealt a unique hand of tastes and aptitudes, like curiosity, ambition, empathy, a thirst for novelty or for security, a comfort level with the social or the mechanical or the abstract. Some opportunities we come across click with our constitutions and set us along a path in life.
Fannie Flagg, Welcome to the World, Baby Girl!|The line between the public life and the private life has been erased, due to the rapid decline of manners and courtesy. There is a certain crudeness and crassness that has suddenly become accepted behavior, even desirable.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|If you can dance like raindrops, there will always be sunshine.
Alan Brennert, Moloka'i|The sea is full of saints. You know that? You know that: you're a big boy. The sea's full of saints and it's been full of saints for years. Since longer than anything. Saints were there before there were even gods. They were waiting for them, and they're still there now.Saints eat fish and shellfish. Some of them catch jellyfish and some of them eat rubbish. Some saints eat anything they can find. They hide under rocks; they turn themselves inside out: they spit up spirals. There's nothing saints don't do. Make this shape with your hands. Like that. Move your fingers. There, you made a saint. Look out, here come another one! Now they're fighting! Yours won.There aren't any big corkscrew saints anymore, but there are still ones like sacks and ones like coils, and ones like robes with flapping sleeves. What's your favourite saint? I'll tell you mine. But wait a minute, first, do you know what it is makes them all saints? They're all a holy family, they're all cousins. Of each other, and of ... you know what else they're cousins of?That's right. Of gods.Alright now. Who was it made you? You know what to say.Who made you?
Émile Durkheim, On Suicide: A Study in Sociology|Maniacal suicide. —This is due to hallucinations or delirious conceptions. The patient kills himself to escape from an imaginary danger or disgrace, or to obey a mysterious order from on high, etc.
Brittany Gibbons, Fat Girl Walking: Sex, Food, Love, and Being Comfortable in Your Skin...Every Inch of It|Badger had been waiting with ever increasing certainty for that brown, government stamped envelope, to hit the floor with the impact of several atomic bombs; the shockwaves hitting him before the sound could penetrate his ears.
Debbie Grant|We stayed all day long. We closed our eyes and paryed, which we had not doen together in a long time. The nurse came in and out of the room. Everything felt awful and I wondered why the whole world didn't seem to notice how bad things really were. I thought of how I'd gotten used to awful, how after my dad died the planets kept on spinning and I got up and ate breakfast every morning and kept going to school. Something happens and it's terrible and you think you can't live another day, but then your mother gets used to it and you get used to it and you both keep on living, and you're not sure if that getting-used-to-things is good or the way life should be.
Erin J. Watson, No Experiences: Poems|This wobbly worldhost to insects and lintand a thousand pithy waysto feel unserious each minuteIt brings abouta great softening of the mind, likethe clouded edges of sea glass (thisfilter you could download and apply)A poultice or an opiate,rigidly individual. Aloneand erasing sentences to splinters.(Poem No. 5)
Yi So-Yeon|A favorite film of mine is 'Office Space' and I love 'The Hangover.' That is a really good comedy from character in that film, and that is true of 'Office Space' too.
James Altucher|I don't think one should attribute the success and failure of a film to a single actor. When you decide to do a film, you weigh the pros and cons before taking a call. Only when you run out of patience, get insecure, and feel your career is heading nowhere do you sign anything that comes your way.
Anton Szandor LaVey, The Secret Life of a Satanist: The Authorized Biography of Anton LaVey|you make me laugh, with your metaphysical anguish, its just that you're scared silly, frightened of life, of men of action, of action itself, of lack of order. But everything is disorder, dear boy. Vegetable, mineral and animal, alldisorder, and so is the multitude of human races, the life of man, thought,history, wars, inventions, business and the arts, and all theories, passionsand systems. Its always been that way. Why are you trying to make something outof it? And what will you make? what are you looking for? There is no Truth.There's only action, action obeying a million different impulses, ephemeralaction, action subjected to every possible and imaginable contingency andcontradiction, Life. Life is crime, theft, jealousy, hunger, lies, disgust,stupidity, sickness, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, piles of corpses. what can you do about it, my poor friend?
عبير المعداوي, احضان الشوك|To clean our hearts from hatred,we have to forgive before forget & remember that our life is short.let's live in love & peace~~Abeer Almadawy
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|Salute to the Thief. Junaid of Baghdad was passing the scene of a public hanging, where a thief was on the scaffold. Junaid bowed towards the criminal. Someone asked him: 'What did you do that?' Junaid said: 'I was bowing before his single-mindedness. For his aim, that man has given his life.
Sunday Adelaja|You can accomplish His will, without stopping midway, and even though you may face obstacles, you will overcome
Catherine Anderson, Early Dawn|It's a funny thing about names, how they become a part of someone.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before--and thus was the Empire forged.
Sunday Adelaja|If we fail to do something, the people following us will have nothing to build upon
will.i.am|My mom, for all intents and purposes, was a single parent.
Kenneth Eade, Unreasonable Force|That’s the ironic thing about time, Doc. One the one hand, we don’t have much of it for this, but it’s all I have in here.
Dr. Dre|Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|The Englishman left months ago, Hana, he's with the Bedouin or in some English garden with its phlox and shit.
Christy Pastore, Fifteen Weekends|Miss Greene, when I said, "not here" I meant not on the couch.
Simon Van Booy|[I] read books because I love them, not because I think I should read them.
Epictetus|All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
Randy Travis|Rock n' Roll came from the slaves singing gospel in the fields. Their lives were hell and they used music to lift out of it, to take them away. That's what rock n' roll should do - take you to a better place.
Nora Roberts, Jewels of the Sun|Words have magic. Spells and curses. Some of them, the best of them, once said change everything.
Ibrahim Babangida|To me, regardless of who's in office, the government is strangled by business. And the government's priorities are dictated by business. I mean, why does America, even after healthcare reform, still not have free universal healthcare? I'm sure it has something to do with the insurance lobby.
Maria Erving|And perhaps there is none, no morrow anymore, for one who has waited so long for it in vain. And perhaps he has come to that stage of his instant when to live is to wander the last of the living in the depths of an instant without bounds, where the light never changes and the wrecks all look alike. Bluer scarcely than white of egg the eyes stare into the space before them, namely the fullness of the great deep and unchanging calm. But at long intervals they close, with the gentle suddenness of flesh that tightens, often without anger, and closes on itself.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|..[My friend Marco said]. essentially, humans are alive for the purpose of journey, a kind of three-act structure. They are born and spend several years discovering themselves and the world, then plod through a long middle in which they are compelled to search for a mate and reproduce and also create stability out of natural instability and then they find themselves at an ending tha seems to be designed for reflection. At the end, their bodies are slower, they are not as easily distracted, they do less work, and they think and feel about a life lived rather than look forward to a life getting started. He didn't know what the point of the journey was, but he did believe we were designed to search for and find something. And he wondered out loud if the point wasn't the search but the transformation the search creates. ...[I wondered] that we were designed to live through something rather than to attain something, and the thing we were meant to live through was designed to change us. The point of a story is the character arc, the change.
Lennox D.Lampkin|We hear so often that we must read but what is more important and often not advised is to always think and question what we read.Reading, retaining and repeating is often called education. Wisdom is when we can read, question, adapt and apply what is relevant to the time and space in which we exist.
Rebecca Traister|Our memory and the movies keep movie stars alive for us, and Tony Curtis is still a star.
Milan Kundera|Animals don’t lie. Animals don’t criticize. If animals have moody days, they handle them better than humans do.
Stephen Sondheim, Into the Woods|Sometimes it's moments like that, real complicated moments, absorbing moments, that make you realize that even hard times have things in them that make you feel alive. And then there's music, and girls, and drugs, and homeless people who've read Pauline Kael, and wah-wah pedals, and English potato chip flavors, and I haven't even read Martin Chuzzlewit yet... There's plenty out there.
Warren Buffett|We all need to look into the dark side of our nature - that's where the energy is, the passion. People are afraid of that because it holds pieces of us we're busy denying.
Todd Stocker, Leading from the Gut: 3 Power Principles of Effective Leaders|Confidence is that internal alignment between what you know, what you believe and what you portray.
Patricia Cori, The Emissary|Jamie reflected. She couldn't help but feel there was more to it than what Mat was asking for, and she knew that his purpose for bringing her in had nothing to do with 'saving the ecosystem.' It was a ruse that he knew would resonate with her--she knew it. No, there was something more: something hidden.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|You've got to be around people who encourage you, advice you and want to see you go even higher and higher than they themselves have attained!
John Bloomfield Jervis|No engineer can go upon a new work and not find something peculiar, that will demand his careful reflection, and the deliberate consideration of any advice that he may receive; and nothing so fully reveals his incapacity as a pretentious assumption of knowledge, claiming to understand everything.
Laarni Venus Marie Nillama|Concentration is a powerful force, it is the mark of seriousness that attracts certain energies to complete your half-done work.
Dani Harper, First Bite|Shit. Shit. Shit. He’d known he couldn’t save her. He’d known he was too far away. Knowing didn’t prevent the bare-knuckled punch to his heart, though.
Mark Schatzker, The Dorito Effect: The Surprising New Truth About Food and Flavor|The stomach is a slave that must accept everything that is given to it, but which avenges wrongs as slyly as does the slave.
Malcolm Muggeridge|I think of art, at its most significant, as a DEW line, a Distant Early Warning system that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it.
Gideon J. (Gideon John) Tucker|I am sorry for those who have never had the experience of seeing the victory of a national liberation movement, and I feel cold contempt for those who jeer at it.
Salman Rushdie, Joseph Anton: A Memoir|When...did it become irrational to dislike religion, any religion, even to dislike it vehemently? When did reason get redescribed as unreason? When were the fairy stories of the superstitious placed above criticism, beyond satire? A religion was not a race. It was an idea, and ideas stood (or fell) because they were strong enough (or too weak) to withstand criticism, not because they were shielded from it. Strong ideas welcomed dissent.
Christina L. Barr|Thalion continued. “The human world was very young and the disobedient children of God had just fallen, creating the underworld. Your God because of their desire to be like God forsook them. They craved and desired, the one thing that they should have never wanted, and that was to be as great as their creator. During this time of peace, the supernaturals traveled freely between the realms. We all knew of the fallen, the angels that had become demons, and knew that they were never to be released from the hell in which they had been cast. Their evil was beyond anything that was ever known. The leader of them, Lucifer, had declared war on the human children of God and desired more than anything to take their souls, to drag them to the hell he and his were stuck in for all eternity. All of the supernatural races were warned by an angel of God to never allow the demons from the underworld to escape their own realm. The veil was sealed by the angel and hidden from all.Unfortunately, evil always seems to find more evil. All evil things are drawn to each other, seeking out those who would help them in their cause. Though the veil to the underworld was hidden, the evil beyond it was great and as more and more lost souls were cast there after their deaths, and so the evil grew. It began to permeate the air around the veil such that other beings could detect it. There was no one who knew how to open it, but that didn’t stop them from trying.As the sons of men began to allow evil into their hearts, and as they began to stray farther from their God, they began seeking out other ways to fill the void inside them. They began to worship other beings, or objects. They sought out meanings for their lives in ways that caused darkness to creep into their hearts. God desired men to have free will and he would not force their loyalty to him. Sin was corrupting the world and Lucifer was allowed some control in the human realm. That sin gave Lucifer just the opening he needed to whisper lies into the ears of those who would listen. He pointed them in the direction divinity and sorcery where they learned how to contact the dead. They thought they were contacting loved ones who had passed on, but in reality they were drawing the demon spirits to them and giving them power, so much power that the demons began to be able to manipulate the actions of men and women still living.
Ahlam Mosteghanemi|Bit of a limp conclusion if you ask me,” Osric growled. “You academics are always so timid with your words. Your conclusion sounds like a different form of the question.” “And so it is, Osric,” Fergal said with a chuckle. “Slightly whittled, sharper, but it is still a question. In time it will be sharp enough to impale the answer.
Julian Hawthorne, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|One of the best exercises in meekness we can perform is when the subject Is in ourselves. We must not fret over our own imperfections. Although reason requires that we must be displeased and sorry whenever we commit a fault we must refrain from bitter, gloomy,spiteful, and emotional displeasure. Many people are greatly at fault in this way. When overcome by anger they become angry at being angry, disturbed at being disturbed and vexed at being vexed. By such means they keep their hearts drenched and steeped in passion.
Woodrow Wilson|Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Richard Flanagan|For me, since I have a life wish, not a death wish, for me, I was not gambling my life. I was doing something much more beautiful. I was carrying my life across.
|It is quite difficult to control some negative thoughts, if one doesn't understand how the conscious and subconscious mind work. When the mind is positively programmed, thoughts become like television channels which can be switched at any given point in time.
F.H. Bradley|When I hear that "Possession is the grave of love," I remember that a religion may begin with the resurrection.
Isaac Newton|For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
Alain de Botton, The Art of Travel|Humboldt's early biographer, F.A. Schwarzenberg, subtitled his life of Humboldt What May Be Accomplished in a Lifetime. He summarised the areas of his subject's extraordinary curiosity as follows: '1) The knowledge of the Earth and its inhabitants. 2) The discovery of the higher laws of nature, which govern the universe, men, animals, plants, minerals. 3) The discovery of new forms of life. 4) The discovery of territories hitherto but imperfectly known, and their various productions. 5)The acquaintance with new species of the human race--- their manners, their language and the historical traces of their culture.' What may be accomplished in a lifetime---and seldom or never is.
Rob Sheffield|We've begun to long for the pitter-patter of little feet - so we bought a dog. Well, it's cheaper, and you get more feet.
Michael A. Singer, The Untethered Soul: The Journey Beyond Yourself|Only you can take inner freedom away from yourself, or give it to yourself. Nobody else can.
Charles de Coster, The Legend of the Glorious Adventures of Tyl Ulenspiegel in the Land of Flanders & Elsewhere|Creating some god for one's inspirations was always a good way to avoid accusations of pride should the scheme succeed, as well as the blame if did not.
Jason Ritter|Perhaps it sounds ridiculous, but the best thing that young filmmakers should do is to get hold of a camera and some film and make a movie of any kind at all.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|Truth is much like fire. Hard to understand, ever-changing.
Emma Goldman|Love, the strongest and deepest element in all life, the harbinger of hope, of joy, of ecstasy; love, the defier of all laws, of all conventions; love, the freest, the most powerful moulder of human destiny; how can such an all-compelling force be synonymous with that poor little State and Church-begotten weed, marriage?
Stevie Nicks|When you grow up as a girl, the world tells you the things that you are supposed to be: emotional, loving, beautiful, wanted. And then when you are those things, the world tells you they are inferior: illogical, weak, vain, empty.
Luanne Rice|A good businessman never makes a contract unless he's sure he can carry it through, yet every fool on earth is perfectly willing to sign a marriage contract without considering whether he can live up to it or not.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|The Christian knows no change with regard to God. He may be rich to-day and poor to-morrow; he may be sickly to-day and well to-morrow; he may be in happiness to-day, to-morrow he may be distressed-but there is no change with regard to his relationship to God. If He loved me yesterday, He loves me to-day.
Hudson Taylor, A Retrospect|A few nights after his conversion he asked how long this Gospel had been known in England. He was told that we had known it for some hundreds of years."What!" said he, amazed; "is it possible that for hundreds of years you have had the knowledge of those glad tidings in your possession, and yet have only now come to preach it to us? My father sought after the Truth for more than twenty years, and died without finding it. Oh, why did you not come sooner?
Terry Pratchett, The Truth|There are, it has been said, two types of people in the world. There are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full. And then there are those who say: this glass is half empty. 	The world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: What's up with this glass? Excuse me? Excuse me? This is my glass? I don't think so. My glass was full! And it was a bigger glass! Who's been pinching my beer?	And at the other end of the bar the world is full of the other type of person, who has a broken glass, or a glass that has been carelessly knocked over (usually by one of the people calling for a larger glass) or who had no glass at all, because he was at the back of the crowd and had failed to catch the barman's eye. 
James D. Watson|Changing our consumer behaviour is similar to quitting smoking. Unless people are shocked into doing it, either by social disapproval or family disapproval or fear of the medical consequences, they'll just keep on smoking.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Gone are the days when women were attracted by a man's hansomeness. Today, we are talking about cash, and your compromise to become a tiger in bed.
Debasish Mridha|To be the person you always wanted to be, do the right things with love.
Terry a O'Neal|You can get the man out of stone-age, but not stone-age out of man.
Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You suggested to split the profits, so I did. I threw one half in the furnace to power the steam engine, and the other half in the air to distract our pursuers.
The Summer Set|Funny, cute and kissableI've found a girl that makes me lose controlEvery night's like the first nightNever gettin' old
Leo Tolstoy|People of limited intelligence are fond of talking about "these days," imagining that they have discovered and appraised the peculiarities of "these days" and that human nature changes with the times.
Guy Laliberte|With our work at Kazaa, we began seeing growing broadband connections and more powerful computers and more streaming multimedia, and we saw that the traditional way of communicating by phone no longer made a lot of sense.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The best way to convert time is to find out your calling, find out your divine gifting and convert your time into developing your gift and your calling.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|When once more alone, I reviewed the information I had got; looked into my heart, examined its thoughts and feelings, and endeavored to bring back with a strict hand such as had been straying through imagination's boundless and trackless waste, into the safe fold of common sense.
Steve Turner|If the rock band U2 had been born in Orange County, California, would they have become just another church worship band?
Akiroq Brost|Realizing and truly accepting that we are constantly evolving, that everything and everyone around us is also constantly evolving helps us to understand things. We have no way of predicting the future. What is right/wrong for us now, may not be right/wrong for us tomorrow because we and everything is constantly changing. We are free to make decisions with the knowledge that there is no exact correctness by which we can make a decision. It’s ok if the decision doesn’t work out, in fact, that will happen. It’s also ok to change our mind. There is no shame in changing our mind. What was right for us yesterday may just not work for us anymore
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Hey, guard!” Ian hollered out loud. “Do you think we could get a bathroom break?”	The guard seemed to snicker as he pointed to the grass outside the cell. Eena smirked at how dead-on her thoughts had been after all.	“Come on,” Ian complained. “She can’t do that, she’s a girl.”	The soldier smiled wryly, a shrug communicating his indifference.	Eena laughed in her mind.	(I don’t know what you think’s so funny. You’re the one who’s gotta pee.)	Oddly enough, that fact just made her laugh even more.
Charles Bukowski, Women|A happening was looming. It was out there somewhere beyond the regular enclosed life that I had been living. It was out there, not waiting, but existing. Being. Perhaps it was only slightly wondering if I would come to it.
Michel Houellebecq, Platform|It is in our relations with other people that we gain a sense of ourselves; it's that, pretty much, that makes relations with other people unbearable.
Carrie Saxifrage, The Big Swim: Coming Ashore in a World Adrift|My idea of "goodness" had to do with belonging in a small yet reciprocal way to something huge and beautiful beyond my understanding.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|Tropical trees had been planted throughout the room, along with bright flowering plants that were busy committing the olfactory floral equivalent of aggravated assault.
Amy Tan|It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home.
Mladen Đorđević, Svetioničar - Vesnici oluje|Woman is like a russian roulette", i've used to say, "it doesn't matter how many you dodge away or find the ones that would steal your breath and makes you sweat, at the end of the day, the fatal one always finds you. It is simply the law of the Love Gun.
James Patterson, Fang|I'm a girl of extremes. When I love something, I'm like a puppy dog (without all the licking). When I'm cranky, I'm a wasp (like a whole hive of 'em). And when I'm angry, I'm a Mother Bear with a predator after her cubs: Dangerous.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|With a perseverance spirit, you withstand any situation.
LeTeisha Newton, Bear Naked|ALLY: Ladies, listen: do not settle in life. Find a way to love yourself; screw anyone else who tells you otherwise. Life is too short to simply sit back and take what’s given to you.
Franz Joseph Gall|If we not only feed that most intelligent computer which is our brain but also compute the data we collect, we cannot go wrong. In a way we all can guess what will happen.
Kate Kerrigan, Ellis Island|In this way, I was able to place my own concerns aside and curl myself up in the cocoon of somebody else's imagination. My life was suspended - I was in neither one place nor the other.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|If we do not believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we do not believe in it at all.
David T. Dellinger|Nonviolence is supremely the weapon of the dispossessed, the underprivileged, and the egalitarian, not those who are still addicted to private profit, commercial values, and great wealth.
Ron DeSantis|When enacted, health care reform provides generous tax credits to help people afford their health insurance premiums.
Charlie Maclean, Unforgettable|Perhaps after all she put me in her rectum. A matter of complete indifference to me, I needn't tell you. But is it true love, in the rectum? That's what bothers me sometimes. Have I never known true love, after all?
Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree|A shade flickered to my left, an eerie shadow balanced even more precariously on the railing than I. Her plimsolls struggled to grip the same rail my fingers now held. I knew her face, just as I knew her death; I’d watched it often enough, those times I’d been unable to avoid crossing here. Nerys was always here, tied to the moment of her death, an echo, forever hurtling down into those waters, only to reappear an instant later, once more wavering on the rails.
James A. Owen|Fame is not the glory! Virtue is the goal, and fame only a messenger, to bring more to the fold.
Oscar Wilde|You can train your mental strength just like you train your body. If your body looks fit or ripped, it looks strong, and you can flex your muscles. So, physically, you have a certain strength. Mentally, it's the same thing. You can train your psychological strength.
Michael  Sanders, Ayahuasca: An Executive's Enlightenment|I hope to inspire you to recognize that your reason for existence is to pursue the things that excite you the most. The best thing you can do--for yourself and everyone else--is to act on the things you're most passionate about. When you do, you'll shine, and everyone else will see that brilliance.On a biological level, the mirror neutrons of the people around you will activate. They will recognize that they can also follow their dreams and accomplish things they have always wanted to accomplish. On a spiritual level, their souls will remember their reason for being.
David Cassidy|Imagination is a very potent thing, and in the uneducated often usurps the place of genuine experience.
Niccolò Machiavelli|To understand the nature of the people one must be a prince, and to understand the nature of the prince, one must be of the people
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|He has a light, fumbling brutality, which several times makes me think that this time it’ll cost me my sanity. In our dawning, mutual intimacy, I induce him to open the little slit in the head of his penis so I can put my clitoris inside and fuck him.
Robert Ferrigno, Heart of the Assassin|Love your children while they are young. Because they grow up soon enough, and then… then the have no need of you.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is religion (religious following), there are no worries and where there are worries, there is no religion there.
Megan Boyle, Selected Unpublished Blog Posts of a Mexican Panda Express Employee|We have all at one time been stranded on islands shouting lies across the seas of misunderstanding, hoping the fog will carry our mischief to the distant ports in people’s minds.
Ted Chiang, The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate|I thought of the things that had happened to me over the years, and of how little I had made happen.
Phillip W. Simpson|He felt something trickle down his face and he wiped it away irritably. When he looked at the back of his hand, he found trails of red. He had never cried in his life; in fact, he could not cry with no tear ducts. But now, at last, he was. He was crying tears of blood. For her.
Dorothy M. Kennedy, The Brief Bedford Reader|What are minnows but brief flashes? And what are thoughts? And how do you capture a brief flash, even for a second?
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Because You Deserve Love|If he’s hitting you now, stop contemplating leaving him, and just leave.
Paul Reiser|I think the divine is like a huge smile that breaks somewhere in the sea within you, and gradually comes up again.
Raheel Farooq|However high we climb in the pursuit of knowledge we shall still see heights above us, and the more we extend our view, the more conscious we shall be of the immensity which lies beyond.
Krystle Jones|Did you feel it? Did you feel the darkness in their souls and their countless evil deeds? Their fate was to die in my grasp, beneath the sting of my bite.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|There were many versions of Gansey, but this one had been rare since the introduction of Adam's taming presence. It was also Ronan's favorite. It was the opposite of Gansey's most public face, which was pure control enclosed in a paper-thin wrapper of academia. But this version of Gansey was Gansey the boy. This was the Gansey who bought the Camaro, the Gansey who asked Ronan to teach him to fight, the Gansey who contained every wild spark so that it wouldn't show up in other versions. Was it the shield beneath the lake that had unleashed it? Orla's orange bikini? The bashed-up remains of his rebuilt Henrietta and the fake IDs they'd returned to? Ronan didn't really care. All that mattered was that something had struck the match, and Gansey was burning.
Darren Paul Thorn|Be conservative in what you do, be liberal in what you accept from others
David Foster Wallace, The Best American Essays 2007|Because we’ve been lied to and lied to, and it hurts to be lied to. It’s ultimately just about that complicated: it hurts. It denies you respect for yourself, for the liar, for the world. Especially if the lies are chronic, systemic, if hard experience seems to teach that everything you’re supposed to believe in’s really a game based on lies. Young Voters have been taught well and thoroughly. You may not personally remember Vietnam or Watergate, but it’s a good bet you remember ‘No new taxes’ and ‘Out of the loop’ and ‘No direct knowledge of any impropriety at this time’ and Did not inhale’ and ‘Did not have sex with that woman’ and etc. etc. It’s depressing and painful to believe that the would-be ‘public servants’ you’re forced to choose between are all phonies whose only real concern is their own care and feeding and who will lie so outrageously with such a straight face that you just know they have to believe you’re an idiot. So who wouldn’t fall all over themselves for a top politician who actually seemed to talk to you like you were a person, an intelligent adult worthy of respect?
Claude Bernard|If Christianity is not scientific, and Science is not of God, then there is no invariable law, and truth becomes an accident.
P.G. Wodehouse, Psmith in the City|For so long Marianne and Albrecht and many of their friends had known Hitler was a lunatic, a leader whose lowbrow appeal to people's most selfish, self-pitying emotions and ignorance was an embarrassment for their country.
S.A.M.|As a Cambion, balance is paramount. Never lose control, never allow emotions to run wild, and never, ever forget who you are and what lives within you. Such discipline requires a sound mind, a thick skin, and a high tolerance for all things weird, because one wrong move and it’s over. No matter how tempting it is at first, in the end, there’s nothing more tragic, more excruciating than losing yourself.Well, except maybe high school.
Garth Coonce|One of our goals is to encourage people that there is hope, there is a future.
Henry Rollins, The Portable Henry Rollins|It looked as if a night of dark intent was coming, and not only a night, an age. Someone had better be prepared for rage...
Diana Killian, Dial Om for Murder|But what? But it was just so much easier to deal with the old pain by ignoring it? Forgetting it? Andy's presence meant having to actively work at forgiving him, and that was hard. Forgetting was much easier than forgiving--forgiving was an on-going process that had to continue past the dramatic declarations of apology and absolution.
Ian McDonald, Desolation Road|No one noticed them step off the train, no one saw them arrive in Desolation Road . . . . Then something very much like a sustained explosion of light filled the hotel and there, at the epicenter of the glare, was the most beautiful woman anyone had ever seen. Every man in the room had to swallow hard. Every woman fought an inexpressible need to sigh. A dozen hearts cracked down the middle and all the love flew out like larks and circled round the incredible being. It was as if God Himself had walked into the room. Then the God-light went out and there was a blinking, eye-rubbing darkness. When vision was restored, everyone saw before them a small, very ordinary man and a young girl of about eight who was quite the plainest, drabbest creature anyone had ever seen. For it was the nature of Ruthie Blue Mountain, a girl of stunning ordinariness, to absorb like sunlight the beauty of everything around her and store it until she chose to release it, all at once, like a flashbulb of intense beauty. Then she would return again to dowdy anonymity, leaving behind her an afterimage in the heart of unutterable loss.
Bruce Van Horn|Nothing Succeeds Like Success".
Akshay Vasu|May the fire in your soul, burn down all the fences and walls which this society is trying to build around you.
Saint Basil|The truth is a snare: you cannot have it, without being caught. You cannot have the truth in such a way that you catch it, but only in such a way that it catches you.
Mother Teresa, The Joy in Loving: A Guide to Daily Living|Am I ever angry or frustrated? I only feel angry sometimes when I see waste, when things that we waste are what people need, things that would save them from dying. Frustrated? No, never.
Karen E. Quinones Miller|Once we were in love, So I know it's true, the saying: True love never endsFor as much as I loved you when we were sweethearts, I love you even more Now that we are friends
Margaret Sanger|Is there a point at which we hit a tipping point and all of this economic, cultural and moral trouble sends us into a death spiral we can't get out of?
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|What makes human life meaningful? I still felt literature provided the best account of the life of the mind, while neuroscience laid down the most elegant rules of the brain.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|When you have a lot of goals to accomplish, it is very important you do your own “Kaizin”. Shift those that are unnecessary now to the following day and carefully deal with a bigger task in smaller bits
tumblr|Of all the misconceptions about love the most powerful and pervasive is the belief that "falling in love" is love or at least one of the manifestations of love. It is a potent misconception, because falling in love is subjectively experienced in a very powerful fashion as an experience of love. When a person falls in love what he or she certainly feels is "I love him" or "I love her." But two problems are immediately apparent. The first is that the experience of falling in love is specifically a sex-linked erotic experience. We do not fall in love with our children even though we may love them very deeply. We do not fall in love with our friends of the same sex-unless we are homosexually oriented-even though we may care for them greatly. We fall in love only when we are consciously or unconsciously sexually motivated. The second problem is that the experience of falling in love is invariably temporary. No matter whom we fall in love with, we sooner or later fall out of love if the relationship continues long enough. This is not to say that we invariably cease loving the person with whom we fell in love. But it is to say that the feeling of ecstatic lovingness that characterizes the experience of falling in love always passes. The honeymoon always ends. The bloom of romance always fades.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|When an invading force crosses a river in its onward march, do not advance to meet it in mid-stream.  It will be best to let half the army get across, and then deliver your attack.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|Pickpocket is a sink-or-swim profession, not something that can be taught in the comfort of your living room.
Helen Oyeyemi|Abba Macarius said, 'If you rebuke someone and do it with anger, you have allowed a passion to control you. You have not saved anyone and have destroyed yourself'.
Sebastian Coe|That's my parenting style - 'Go watch the TV.' I'm one of 11 children, and my mother's parenting style was, 'There's the TV. Go watch it. Mommy's got 10 other people to take care of.'
Danielle Ofri, What Doctors Feel: How Emotions Affect the Practice of Medicine|Suddenly, I was plunged back into an avid learning environment, starting at the bottom and working my way painstakingly up the mountain. The thrill of learning and accomplishing stimulated me so much that the work was pleasurable.
Shon Hopwood, Law Man: My Story of Robbing Banks, Winning Supreme Court Cases, and Finding Redemption|[T]hus one should not think that desire is repressed, for the simple reason that the law is what constitutes both desire and the lack on which it is predicated. Where there is desire, the power relation is already present: an illusion, then, to denounce this relation for a repression exerted after the event.
G.G.|I firmly believe that if you pray long enough, if you wish hard enough, God will grant you at least one wish in your lifetime.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|More often than not, rejecting rescue is in reality rejecting our need to be rescued. And it may very well be that is why so many reject Christmas.
Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl|I'm allergic to family occasions. Sometimes I think we'd do better as dandelion seeds-no family, no history, just floating off into the world, each on our own piece of fluff.
Louise Fitzhugh|I feel there's a funny little hole in me that wasn't there before, like a splinter in your finger, but this is somewhere above my stomach.
Debasish Mridha|I am deeply in love with my life. With profound gratitude, I love and enjoy everything around me.
Seth Brown|True friends will always push you towards the great possibilities of your future, false friends will always chain you to the mistakes in your past.
Lisa Bedrick, On Christian Theology|I have prayed many times that God would give me wisdom and I concur with Solomon here when he says that with "much wisdom there is much grief." The more you know, the harder life is. The more pain and suffering you see, the more you come to realize that "it is a grievous task which God has given to the sons of men.
Terrence McNally|Many memory techniques involve creating unforgettable imagery, in your mind's eye. That's an act of imagination. Creating really weird imagery really quickly was the most fun part of my training to compete in the U.S. Memory Competition.
Wayne Jacobsen, He Loves Me!: Learning to Live in the Father's Affection|She heard Piers give an excited little cry and someone gave an excited little cry in return, and Grace Vaughn appeared in the open doorway, laden down with garment bags.For one fleeting moment, Ellie saw both husband and wife’s faces light up before they resembled their usual expressions – a scowl and a pout respectively.
Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry|What is this thing called life? I believeThat the earth and the stars too, and the whole glittering universe, and rocks on the mountains have life,Only we do not call it so--I speak of the lifeThat oxidizes fats and proteins and carbo-Hydrates to live on, and from that chemical energyMakes pleasure and pain, wonder, love, adoration, hatred and terror: how do these things growFrom a chemical reaction?I think they were here already, I think the rocksAnd the earth and the other planets, and the stars and the galaxieshave their various consciousness, all things are conscious;But the nerves of an animal, the nerves and brainBring it to focus; the nerves and brain are like a burning-glassTo concentrate the heat and make it catch fire:It seems to us martyrs hotter than the blazing hearthFrom which it came. So we scream and laugh, clamorous animalsBorn howling to die groaning: the old stones in the dooryardPrefer silence; but those and all things have their own awareness,As the cells of a man have; they feel and feed and influence each other, each unto all,Like the cells of a man's body making one being,They make one being, one consciousness, one life, one God.
Lionel Suggs|Just because a prediction is true, doesn't mean that it is not false.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|Close your senses and the imagination comes alive. It's inside us al, dulled by endless television reruns and by a society that reins in fantasy as something not to be trusted, something to be purged. But it's in there, deep inside, a spark waiting to set a touch-paper alight.
Isabel  Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams|I eventually came to understand that in harboring the anger, the bitterness and resentment towards those that had hurt me, I was giving the reins of control over to them. Forgiving was not about accepting their words and deeds. Forgiving was about letting go and moving on with my life. In doing so, I had finally set myself free.
S.C. Parris, The Immortal's Guide|Alexandria,” he began, the name lingering on the morning air as though it did not belong amongst trees, but instead somewhere much safer, much more enclosed.“Christian,” she breathed after her name had remained uncomfortably within his ears for a most distressing period of time.The tears in her eyes had begun to fill quickly and more tears fell as she stared upon him expectantly, and he was quite suddenly aware that a drink of blood would be most desirable to ease the sheer uncomfortable edge he felt with her stare.
Jim Pascoe, Hellboy Animated Volume 1: The Black Wedding|[Fire] is lightfooted and shamanic, dancing between the visible and invisible, undoing matter one collapsed molecule at a time, wreaking utter destruction with a touch softer than breath. Its poor cousins, wind and water, are one-dimensional rubes by comparison. Wind is all push, push, push. Water is suffocating, but passively so. And even when water gets it together to be a torrent or a tsunami, it is but wet wind. Fire is at once elemental and otherworldly. Fire dances on the grave of all it destroys. Fire is serious voodoo.
Oscar Wilde|It is in our faults and failings, not in our virtues, that we touch each other, and find sympathy. It is in our follies that we are one.
Deyth Banger|I live with past called "DeYtH" ( a guy who is famous with cs 1.6 maps, mods, photoshop and e.t.c. and with my now "Mark Tven", you probably said "Oh,Oh I know this name this guy was a writer..." it's not taken the guy was called Mark Twain, I'm Tven, famous with awesome maps and interesting updates of cs 1.6 maps. To don't forget, I'm famous with my nick of past with writting.
SupaNova Slom, The Remedy: The Five-Week Power Plan to Detox Your System, Combat the Fat, and Rebuild Your Mind and Body|What if there were health food stores on every corner in the hood, instead of liquor stores!?
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Misery loved company, but damnation needed it.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The lion does not need the whole world to fear him, only those nearest where he roams.
Brad Paisley|Why is marriage the pinnacle for everyone? People get married for the wrong reasons. We need to start looking at different packages, whether it's living together, or being with six partners, or dedicating your life to taking care of flowers.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|Jesus tells us: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself’ (Mk 12:31). How can we love our neighbor if we can’t or won’t love ourselves, at least a little? When we hold ourselves to unrealistic standards, that perfectionist attitude can’t help but trickle down. It becomes harder to have compassion for others if we have no compassion for ourselves.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|Each time, we ask, "Who am I?", we answer the question differently. Our identity evolves, as it is the sum of our thoughts, words and deeds. To be ourselves, we have to remember ourselves, which makes our very identity conditional. Each time we remember, we reaffirm our individuality. Our existence as an independent person depends on it, but we don't exist as self-enclosed units of matter. Who we are cannot be remembered or forgotten. Our identity, as we perceive it, only appears in consciousness. Underneath, it exists in a thoughtless, wordless awareness, in which there is no "We" or "I", just an "Amness"...simply an indescribable sense of being.
Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe|The obvious difficulty that has prevented the study of European culture becoming a part of the regular curriculum of studies is its vastness and its complexity. The great advantage of classical education was the fact that it involved the study of only two languages and two literatures and histories. But European culture has produced about twenty vernacular literatures, and its history is spread out among an even larger number of political communities. At first sight it is an unmanageable proposition and we can understand how educationalists have so often come to acquiesce in a cultural nationalism which at least saved them from being overwhelmed by a multiplicity of strange tongues and unknown literatures. But the true method, it seems to me, is rather to find the consitutive factors of the European community and to make them the basis of our study.This means reversing the traditional nationalist approach which concentrated the student's attention on the distinctive characteristics of the national cultures and disregarded or passed lightly over the features that they shared in common. It means also that we should have to devote much more attention to the religious development, since it was in religion that Europe found its original basis of unity.
Edna Moore Schultz|The book and I secret ourselvesBehind the paneled door.We merge our thoughts in retrospectOf ancient mystic lore.We spend a pleasant quiet hour,Nor know it passed us by...The easy chair, the shaded lamp,A well-loved book and I.
Con Template, Welcome to the Underworld|He kisses me once more, on the forehead this time, and then he's gone. And I know I'm young, and fairly inexperienced where men are concerned, but I'm positive that even when I'm 90 years old I'll still remember exactly what it feels like to have his lips on my skin" ~Landon Brinkley
Wendy Ely, Jesse's Brother|Full of intrigue, tangled pasts, and raw emotions, [Gambling On A Secret by Sara Walter Ellwood] is guaranteed to keep you turning pages from start to finish and then wishing for one more chapter!
Emma Cline, The Girls|The only teenagers in town seemed to kill themselves in gruesomely rural ways—I heard about their pickups crashing at two in the morning, the sleepover in the garage camper ending in carbon monoxide poisoning, a dead quarterback. I didn’t know if this was a problem born of country living, the excess of time and boredom and recreational vehicles, or whether it was a California thing, a grain in the light urging risk and stupid cinematic stunts
Franklin Raines|It has long been known for sure that the sight of tasty food makes a hungry man's mouth water; also lack of appetite has always been regarded as an undesirable phenomenon, from which one might conclude that appetite is essentially linked with the process of digestion.
Christine Feehan, Water Bound|Sex was a practiced art to him. Each move calculated. His brain always worked while he performed, his body seducing his prey with ease, noting each response of his target. But in one moment, everything had changed. She swept him into a tidal wave of pure sensation, and he willingly let go and let her take him with her.
Alfred Lord Tennyson|Year's end is neither an end nor a beginning but a going on, with all the wisdom that experience can instill in us.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|The dead," she said. "And we have plenty of dead between us, but the way we act, you'd think they were corpses handing on to our ankles, rather than souls freed to the elements." ... "they're gone, they can't be hurt anymore, but we drag their memory around with us, doing our worst in their name, like it's what they'd want, for us to avenge them?
Philip Roth, The Human Stain|Stunned by how little he'd gotten over her and she'd gotten over him, he walked away understanding, as outside his reading in classical Greek drama he'd never had to understood before, how easily life can be one thing rather than another and how accidentally a destiny is made...
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Faith isn't hearing the voice of God. It's listening and hearing nothing, but moving toward the miracle anyway. God hears us even when we don't hear him. Knowing that requires real faith.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|There is such a thing as righteous judgment, but it seems that lately the word 'judgment' has become a curse word, period. The issue isn't whether or not we're insightful enough to avoid being judgmental, but whether or not we're secure enough to accept being judged. It is inevitable for every conscious human being to judge. It may spring from insight and experience and sincerity, and in such cases, it is quite beneficial on the receiving end.
Neil Gaiman, The Sandman: Overture|Because it is the nature of Dreams, and ONLY of Dreams, to define Reality. Destiny is bound to existence. Death is limited by what she will or will not accept.
Debasish Mridha|When we give with love and joy, and accept with an open heart and deep gratitude, abundance fills our emptiness.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|I want a faith that's so alive, it can be seen. I want a hope that cannot hide, even when I'm weak.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Dav­el­lon may be a vil­lage, but the Dav­el­lon House can be any­thing you make it. No­bil­ity has to start some­where. It might as well start with you. Let no­body look down on you, for what­ever rea­son, My Lord. Ti­tles are granted or in­her­ited, no­bil­ity isn't.~Tenaxos I to Landar Parmingh, Baron Davellon
Faraaz Kazi|It's not love at first sight, it's having the sight, to distinguish true love, from just mere beauty.
James E. Faust|It is strange that the years teach us patience; that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.
Juhana Day, One Day at the Time|There's magic in the words. In the right order, they can make you cry, make you smile, or even make you stronger. But only if you have tasted a life that's worth living.
R.S. Grey, With This Heart|The weather turned. Her skin seemed to grow a million extra pores, and all of them opened to take in the warmth and tenderness of the air. The sun on her face made her want to cry. Into all those millions of open pores came the sunshine, and other feelings as well. In and out. She was porous.
Asghar Abbas|We've been dead for thousands and thousands of years. Dead or sleeping, depends on how you feel about it at any given moment. But that's okay. The trouble starts when you are born, then everything becomes taxing and temporary. When they pulled us into awareness, they killed us. Then we get saddled with a seven minute relay, at best. A soft limbo that's only palliative and comforting in theory. A momentary respite that's a cosmic joke of course and still resented by the divine. A petty haggling of which we weren't even a part of. When forced into an existence, we turned into the ward of all that breathes, subjected to the known universe, and though always partial to the unknown, which wasn't really found and never understood, is lost to us.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|Age has no reality except in the physical world. The essence of a human being is resistant to the passage of time. Our inner lives are eternal, which is to say that our spirits remain as youthful and vigorous as when we were in full bloom. Think of love as a state of grace, not the means to anything, but the alpha and omega. An end in itself.
Steve Turner, Poems|If chance be the Father of all flesh, Disaster is his rainbow in the sky, And when you hear State of Emergency! Sniper Kills Ten! Troops on Rampage! Whites go Looting! Bomb Blasts School! It is but the sound of man worshiping his maker.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The power of man has grown in every sphere, except over himself.
Diane Ravitch, The Death and Life of the Great American School System: How Testing and Choice Are Undermining Education|Congress and state legislatures should not tell teachers how to teach, any more than they should tell surgeons how to perform operations.
Jesikah Sundin, Legacy|The things you do for yourself are gone when you're gone, but the things you do for others become legacy.What do you wanna be remembered as?
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|Your hair is like butterflies,” Sebastian said, giggling like a child.“That’s nice,” Firen said impatiently. “Keep moving.”“Fantastic. I always like my days better with a touch of insanity,” Gabriella quipped.
Barbara Taylor Bradford, To Be the Best|She put her hand in his, and he clasped it firmly, knowing he had been waiting for her all his life.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|To an eagle or to an owl or to a rabbit, man must seem a masterful and yet a forlorn animal; he has but two friends. In his almost universal unpopularity he points out, with pride, that these two are the dog and the horse. He believes, with an innocence peculiar to himself, that they are equally proud of this alleged confraternity. He says, 'Look at my two noble friends -- they are dumb, but they are loyal.' I have for years suspected that they are only tolerant.
Sunday Adelaja|A country cannot change, be transformed or developed as long as there is no truth and honesty as an everyday principle among the citizens of the nation.
Oswald Chambers, The Highest Good/The Shadow of an Agony|Altogether forty-five Emperors had claimed the Spear of Destiny as their possession between the coronation in Rome of Charlemagne and the fall of the old German Empire exactly a thousand years later. And what a pagentry it was! THe Spear had passed like the very finger of destiny through the millenium forever creating new patterns of fate which had again and again changed the entire history of Europe. ... According to the legend associated with the Spear of Longinus, the claimant to this talisman of power has a choice between the service of two opposing Spirits in the fulfilment of his world historic aims -- a Good and an Evil Spirit.
Khul Waters|He shouldn't want to see her, but he did. He shouldn’t want to know how she felt, how she tasted, but he did. He shouldn’t want to know what food she liked or what she thought about when she was alone. He shouldn’t want to know what her favorite music was or what she did when she wasn't modeling, if she did anything at all, but he did. He wanted to know everything there was to know about Razel D’Punz; the real Razel. No makeup. No costumes. No lights or camera.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Music and symbols, they're older than human race.Prehuman beings used them to teach early mankind.
Nikki Rowe|Ive learnt the most about myself through the people and places i no longer visit, such an ironic exprience.The greatest lessons are from those we give the keys of our hearts to & trust all too easily; realising later on, they are just apart of this grande' story and not everyone gets to make it to the end chapter & happy ever after.
Cheryl Hamada|Listen with your heart, listen to your inner voice of wisdom, listen to your dreams. You know what is right for you.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|There was, she suddenly saw, many ways to be raped.
Barry Pain, Ghostly By Gaslight|CHEERS, CARTER. At least you have the sense to hand me the microphone for important things.Honestly, he drones on and on about his plans for the Apocalypse, but he makes no plans at all for the school dance. My brother's priorities are severely skewed.Sadie Kane
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Hyperion|He wanted to say: how could you be so nice and yet so dumb? The best thing you could do with the peasents was to leave them alone. Let them get on with it. When people who can read and write start fighting for those who can't, you just end up with another kind of stupidity. If you want to help them, build a big library or something somewhere and leave the door open.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|Sometimes when you get older—and I'm not talking about you, I'm talking generally, because everyone ages differently—things you think on and wish on start to seem real. And then you believe them, and before you know it they're a part of your history, and if someone challenges you on them and says they're not true—why, then you get offended.
Beatrice Fairfax, Ladies now and then|There used to be a canny politician in the Hyde Park area in Chicago in which I at one time lived for several years. His slogan was "I am for harmony if I have to use an axe." As "Secretary of Charm," if and when my merits and ambitions are recognized by my appointment to that office, I will take a page out of old "Doc" Jamieson's book. My motto will be "I will have charm, even if I have to use a club.
Thomas Fuller|In Illinois, where legislators are paid $45,000, plus as much as $10,000 for leadership work, about half are full-time politicians.
Robert Greene, Mastery|A natural response when people feel overwhelmed is to retreat into various forms of passivity. If we don’t try too much in life, if we limit our circle of action, we can give ourselves the illusion of control. The less we attempt, the less chances of failure. If we can make it look like we are not really responsible for our fate, for what happens to us in life, then our apparent powerlessness is more palatable.
Draper, Nicholas|Our guns were still strapped onto our backs, because a gun meant life. Without it there was no life in the LRA. After crossing the water and walking for a long time, there was a whisper in my heart, telling me that if we kept the guns we would get killed.I was learning to listen to this gentle voice that spoke to my heart. This time what was said was hard to accept. I didn't know how I would convince my friends to throw away what seemed to be their last hope. The voice would not leave me alone. It continued to whisper in my ears to drop the guns.
Jhumpa Lahiri|When someone comes up to me and says, 'Mary, you helped save my marriage', or, 'Mary, you helped me get out of this abusive relationship', I'm in it, really in their lives. And I'm so passionate about my feelings, but also about showing people the way through theirs.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|When I was first aware that I had been laid low by the disease, I felt a need, among other things, to register a strong protest against the word "depression." Depression, most people know, used to be termed "melancholia," a word which appears in English as the year 1303 and crops up more than once in Chaucer, who in his usage seemed to be aware of its pathological nuances. "Melancholia" would still appear to be a far more apt and evocative word for the blacker forms of the disorder, but it was usurped by a noun with a blank tonality and lacking any magisterial presence, used indifferently to describe an economic decline or a rut in the ground, a true wimp of a word for such a major illness.It may be that the scientist generally held responsible for its currency in modern times, a Johns Hopkins Medical School faculty member justly venerated -- the Swiss-born psychiatrist Adolf Meyer -- had a tin ear for the finer rhythms of English and therefore was unaware of the semantic damage he had inflicted for such a dreadful and raging disease. Nonetheless, for over seventy-five years the word has slithered innocuously through the language like a slug, leaving little trace of its intrinsic malevolence and preventing, by its insipidity, a general awareness of the horrible intensity of the disease when out of control.
J.E.B. Spredemann, A Secret of the Heart|Loving someone can be hard at times. You risk a lot when you love - your heart and soul, at the least. Love is the most important and most rewarding investment you can make in another person.
David Livingstone|For my own part, I have never ceased to rejoice that God has appointed me to such an office. People talk of the sacrifice I have made in spending so much of my life in Africa. Is that a sacrifice which brings its own blest reward in healthful activity, the consciousness of doing good, peace of mind, and a bright hope of a glorious destiny hereafter? Away with the word sacrifice. Say rather it is a privilege. Anxiety, sickness, suffering, or danger, now and then, with a foregoing of the common conveniences and charities of this life, may make us pause, and cause the spirit to waver, and the soul to sink; but let this only be for a moment. All these are nothing when compared with the glory which shall be revealed in and for us. I never made a sacrifice.
Lucy Christopher|At least twice a week, I pause in the rush of work and have a meeting with myself. (If I were part of a team, I’d call a team meeting.) I ask myself, again, of the project: “What is this damn thing about?” Keep refining your understanding of the theme; keep narrowing it down.
K. Larsen, Saving Caroline| It’s a slow sultry song. She opens her mouth and what comes out can only be described as dripping with sex. The climax of the song comes and the college boys are cat calling her but she doesn't seem to notice at all. She’s completely in the song, eyes half mast, a slight smile on her lips, and hips methodically rolling to the beat. She’s pure sex and every male in the bar is thinking the same thing I am. What would she be like in my bed. She absent mindedly trails her hand from her collarbone down between her breasts to her belly. It’s the hottest thing I’ve ever seen. My jeans instantly get too tight in the crotch and I adjust myself discreetly while everyone’s eyes are still on her. 
Sharon Law Tucker|Whoever controls the money, controls you!
Cal Sarwar|Their Bibles had become an idol before God. That the cross, as a symbol, was an idol, even their own self-image was an idol before God.
Michael Graves|When I started my own practice, I was criticized, not because I was doing product design but because, like Le Corbusier, I was insisting on paintings in all of my buildings. I would paint wall murals in the houses that I designed, just as he did in the '20s and '30s.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|When I lived in New York and went to Chinatown, I learned that these flavors and their meanings were actually a foundation of ancient Chinese medicine.Salty translated to fear and the frantic energy that tries to compensate for or hide it.Sweet was the first flavor we recognized from our mother's milk, and to which we turned when we were worried and unsure or depressed.Sour usually meant anger and frustration.Bitter signified matters of the heart, from simply feeling unloved to the almost overwhelming loss of a great love. Most spices, along with coffee and chocolate, had some bitterness in their flavor profile. Even sugar, when it cooked too long, turned bitter. But to me, spice was for grief, because it lingered longest.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When the world is too much, create your own. I do it every day.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|I guess we all have some of these - memories like artillery shells, fired at close range.
Oscar Wilde, The Portrait of Mr. W. H.|The greatest events of life often leave one unmoved; they pass out of consciousness, and, when one thinks of them, become unreal. Even the scarlet flowers of passion seem to grow out in the same meadow as the poppies of oblivion. We reject the burden of their memory, and have anodynes against them. But the little things, the things of no moment, remain with us.
W. C. Fields|There are three critical ingredients to democratic renewal and progressive change in America: good public policy, grassroots organizing and electoral politics.
James C. Collins, Good to Great: Why Some Companies Make the Leap... and Others Don't|Then it began to dawn on us: There was no miracle moment. Although it may have looked like a single-stroke breakthrough to those peering in from the outside, it was anything but that to people experiencing transformation from within. Rather, it was a quiet, deliberate process of figuring out what needed to be done to create the best future results and then simply taking those steps, one after the other, turn by turn of the flywheel. After pushing on that flywheel in a consistent direction over an extended period of time, they'd inevitably hit a point of breakthrough.
Rabindranath Tagore, Selected Poems|Unending LoveI seem to have loved you in numberless forms, numberless times...In life after life, in age after age, forever.My spellbound heart has made and remade the necklace of songs,That you take as a gift, wear round your neck in your many forms,In life after life, in age after age, forever.Whenever I hear old chronicles of love, it's age old pain,It's ancient tale of being apart or together.As I stare on and on into the past, in the end you emerge,Clad in the light of a pole-star, piercing the darkness of time.You become an image of what is remembered forever.You and I have floated here on the stream that brings from the fount.At the heart of time, love of one for another.We have played along side millions of lovers,Shared in the same shy sweetness of meeting,the distressful tears of farewell,Old love but in shapes that renew and renew forever.Today it is heaped at your feet, it has found its end in youThe love of all man's days both past and forever:Universal joy, universal sorrow, universal life.The memories of all loves merging with this one love of ours -And the songs of every poet past and forever.
Gemma Malley, The Resistance|Better to find your own way than to blindly trust the words of others, whoever they are.
Danny M. Cohen, Train|We cannot change the past, she thought. How we long to sometimes, trying to work out how horror might have been averted by a fluke of fortune, a kind intercession, wisdom not yet granted.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Your God person puts an apple tree in the middle of a garden and says, do what you like, guys, oh, but don't eat the apple. Surprise surprise, they eat it and he leaps out from behind a bush shouting "Gotcha". It wouldn't have made any difference if they hadn't eaten it.''Why not?''Because if you're dealing with somebody who has the sort of mentality which likes leaving hats on the pavement with bricks under them you know perfectly well they won't give up. They'll get you in the end.
|All the expensive cars, clothes, shoes, bags, jewelries, and other accessories can never make one very refined and sophisticated. Refinement and sophistication can only come from a very enlightened mind.
Edna Ferber|A word about my personal philosophy. It is anchored in optimism. It must be, for optimism brings with it hope, a future with a purpose, and therefore, a will to fight for a better world. Without this optimism, there is no reason to carry on. If we think of the struggle as aclimb up a mountain, then we must visualize a mountain with no top. We see a top, but when we finall yreach it, the overcast rises and we find ourselves merely on a bluff. The mountain continues on up. Now we see the "real" top ahead of us, and strive for it, only to find we've reached another bluff, the top still above us. And so it goes on, interminably.Knowing that the mountain has no top, that it is a perpetual quest from plateau to plateau, the question arises, "Why the struggle, the conflict, the heartbreak, the danger, the sacrifice. Why the constant climb?" Our answer is the same as that which a real mountain climber gives when he is asked why he does what he does. "Because it's there." Because life is there ahead of you and either one tests oneself in its challenges or huddles in the valleys of a dreamless day-to-day existence whose only purpose is the preservation of a illusory security and safety. The latter is what the vast majority of people choose to do, fearing the adventure into the known. Paradocically, they give up the dream of what may lie ahead on the heighs of tomorrow for a perpetual nightmare - an endless succession of days fearing the loss of a tenuous security.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Poets are not so scrupulous as you are. They know how useful passion is for publication. Nowadays a broken heart will run to many editions.""I hate them for it," cried Hallward. "An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them. We live in an age when men treat art as if it were meant to be a form of autobiography. We have lost the abstract sense of beauty. Some day I will show the world what is it; and for that the world shall never see my portrait of Dorian Gray.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Welcome, welcomePlease feel welcomedWelcome, oh welcomeWe are pleased to have you here.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Ending Syria's Occupation Of Lebanon: The U.S. Role|Universal peace-time conscription was adopted by almost all countries as the basis of their military system. This ensured that wars would grow bigger in scale, longer in duration, and worse in effects. While conscription appeared democratic, it provided autocrats, hereditary or revolutionary, with more effective and comprehensive means of imposing their will, both in peace and war. Once the rule of compulsory service in arms was established for the young men of a nation, it was an obvious and easy transition to the servitude of the whole population. Totalitarian tyranny is the twin of total warfare —which might aptly be termed a reversion to tribal warfare on a larger scale.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Living Buddha, Living Christ|Concentration is not wholesome in itself. A thief needs concentration to break into a house.The object of our concentration is what makes it beneficial or not. If you use meditative concentration to run away from reality, that is not beneficial.
J.R.R. Tolkien|All that is gold does not glitter,Not all those who wander are lost;The old that is strong does not wither,Deep roots are not reached by the frost.J.R.R. Tolkien
Mike White|We should remember that saying 'I love you' is only a beginning. We need to say it, we need to mean it, and most importantly we need consistently to show it. We need to both express and demonstrate love.
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|To my way of thinking, there is every bit as much evidence for theexistence of UFOs as there is for the existence of God. Probably farmore. At least in the case of UFOs there have been countless tapedand filmed and, by the way, unexplained sightings from all over theworld, along with documented radar evidence seen by experiencedmilitary and civilian radar operators.>>
Robert Louis Stevenson, Memories and Portraits|A good writer should be able to communicate to the reader, 'I know your life. I know what you have truly experienced. It’s not right or wrong. It’s survival. It’s making mistakes, and trying to redeem yourself. It’s imperfections, and trying to make yourself better. It’s outrages, and crimes, and insults, which often are not righted, which you have to fix yourself, in your own mind, in your own heart, so that you are not poisoned'.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Dream big, envision a glorious destiny, write your own story, and work each day to arrive @ that destiny. You're able!
Yukio Mishima|Every day he thought would last forever, and the night forever, and the dawn drag eternally another long and empty day to light forever; yet they sped away, the day, the night...
Michael Bernard Beckwith|I believe that you're great, that there's something magnificent about you. Regardless of what has happened to you in your life, regardless of how young or how old you think you might be, the moment you begin to think properly, there's something that is within you, there's power within you, that's greater than the world. It will begin to emerge. It will take over your life. It will feed you. It will clothe you. It will guide you, protect you, direct you, sustain your very existence, if you let it. Now, that is what I know for sure.
Rick Warren|I mean it takes a certain kind of maturity to live in the South these days. You don't have it yet, but you have a shadow of the beginnings of it. You haven't the humbleness of mind-" "I thought the fear of the Lord was the beginning of wisdom.""It's the same thing. Humility.
Scott Turow|Defining marriage is a power that should be left to the states. Moreover, no state should be forced to recognize a marriage that is not within its own laws, Constitution, and legal precedents.
Rahman Baba, The Poetry of Rahman Baba: Poet of the Pakhtuns|If the partridge didn't call at the wrong moment, Neither the hunter nor the falcon would know of it. It follows from this point also, That everyone's voice betrays him.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|Aside from battles, the history of nations seemed to consist of nothing but powerless old poops like myself, heavily medicated and vaguely beloved in the long ago, coming to kiss the boots of young psychopaths.
T.D. Jakes, Making Great Decisions Reflections: For A Life Without Limits|It doesn't matter if you're born in a duck yard, so long as you are hatched from a swan's egg!
Saint Basil|Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love.
Debasish Mridha|God is like an umbrella of illusion and belief, In rainy days we use him, in sunny days we forget him.
China Miéville, This Census-Taker|Do we have Your Mark 10:39 faith that You will complete what You have begun in us? Or, do we look at our faltering desires and despair or excuse? Let us, Lord Jesus, hear Your Word over us more clearly and emphatically than we hear our own projections. Our predictions come from walking by sight, and they are SO often wrong that we ought to abandon them out of sheer practicality.
Peter D. Kramer, Should You Leave?: A Psychiatrist Explores Intimacy and Autonomy--and the Nature of Advice|The advice that I have valued in my own life has never turned on fixed maxims or canned metaphors. More crucially, lists of precepts don't work like targeted advice because lists contain inherently constraining messages. They seem to say that complex matters are knowable, that a given process leads to foreseeable results. It implies a thin and predictable world, whereas the sort of advice that has mattered to me bespeaks a quite tentative optimism, the optimism of the quest whose outcome is finally unknowable.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|When you wish to instruct, be brief; that men's [children's] minds take in quickly what you say, learn its lesson, and retain it faithfully. Every word that is unnecessary only pours over the side of a brimming mind.
Simon Dring, On The Road Again: Thirty Years on the Traveller's Trail to India|Be as intellectual as you like about it, but India is brilliantly mad. And if you want to love it, you have to hate it first.
Abdullah ibn al-Mubarak|An oceanic expanse of pre-dawn gray white below obscures a checkered grid of Saskatchewan, a snow plain nicked by the dark, unruly lines of woody swales. One might imagine that little is to be seen from a plane at night, but above the clouds the Milky Way is a dense, blazing arch. A full moon often lights the planet freshly, and patterns of human culture, artificially lit, are striking in ways not visible in daylight. One evening I saw the distinctive glows of cities around Delhi diffused like spiral galaxies in a continuous deck of stratus clouds far below us. In Algeria and on the Asian steppes, wind-whipped pennants of gas flared. The jungle burned in incandescent spots in Malaysia and Brazil. One clear evening at 20,000 feet over Manhattan, I could see, it seemed, every streetlight halfway to the end of Long Island. A summer lightning bolt unexpectedly revealed thousands of bright dots on the ink-black veld of the northern Transvaal: sheep.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|It's a wonderful paradox: only when you have a changeless sense of who you are, can real changes take place. It is the ground of your absolute value and everything that is truly worthwhile.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays|Our minds are susceptible to the influence of external voices telling us what we require to be satisfied, voices that may drown out the faint sounds emitted by our souls and distract us from the careful, arduous task of accurately naming our priorities.
Mensah Oteh|Focus determines your feelings, which in turn influence your behaviour, actions and your destiny.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|To a man with only a hammer, a screw is a defective nail.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|[a] characteristic of a symbol is that it opens up levels of reality which otherwise are closed for us.[a symbol] also unlocks dimensions and elements of our soul which correspond to the dimensions and elements of reality. A great play gives us not only a new vision of the human scene, but it opens up hidden depths of our own being.
Sear Greyson|We are made of stars. So, what's impossible?
Walter Hamilton, The Aesthetic Movement In England|What odd chaps you painters are! You do anything in the world to gain a reputation. As soon as you have one, you seem to want to throw it away. It is silly of you, for there is only one thing in the world worse than begin talked about, and that is not being talked about. A portrait like this would set you far above all the young men in England, and make the old men jealous, if old men are ever capable of any emotion.
Upton Sinclair, The Jungle|The gates of memory would roll open—old joys would stretch out their arms to them, old hopes and dreams would call to them, and they would stir beneath the burden that lay upon them, and feel its forever immeasurable weight. They could not even cry out beneath it; but anguish would seize them, more dreadful than the agony of death.
Allie Burke, Paper Souls|I didn't fall in love with you tate, I flew..
Peter Ackroyd, English Music|So do we discover, in the world, that our worst fears are unfulfilled; yet we must fear, in order that we may feel delight.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|The book is not an object on the table; it is an event in the reader's mind. It's a process, through which an idea in my mind triggers an idea, more-or-less corresponding, in yours. The words on the page are merely the means to that end, a think-by-numbers set, a bottled daydream. The book, therefore, is only finished when someone reads it. - Sidelines
Karl Pilkington|There's only one thing harder than living in a home with an adolescent - and that's being an adolescent. The moodiness, the volatility, the wholesale lack of impulse control, all would be close to clinical conditions if they occurred at another point in life. In adolescence, they're just part of the behavioral portfolio.
Todd Stocker, Dancing with God: First Year Thoughts on the Loss of My Daughter|Politics is action and all action is but a flaw in the perfection of inaction, which is peace, just as all being is but a flaw in the perfection of nonbeing. Which is God. For if God is perfection and the only perfection is in nonbeing, then God is nonbeing. Then God is nothing. Nothing can give no basis for the criticism of Thing in its thingness. Then where do you get anything to say? Then where do you get off?
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|There are four stages to a person’s career:In Stage 1 you are enthusiastic about your work, but inexperienced (start of your career).In Stage 2 you are both enthusiastic about your work and have gained experience (top of your career).In Stage 3 you’re tired of your work, but you are also still competent/experienced (maintenance stage).In Stage 4 you are sick of your work, and because you haven’t been motivated to keep up with your profession, you are now, once again, inexperienced relative to the state-of-the-art in your field (end of career).
Norma Fox Mazer, What I Believe|ASK NOT IF POETRY IS DEAD, ASK HOW YOU CAN LIVE FOR POETRY.
David Bowie|Written in pain, written in aweBy a puzzled man who questionedWhat we were here for
Taras Shevchenko, Кобзар|Як умру, то поховайте Мене на могилі, Серед степу широкого, На Вкраїні милій, Щоб лани широкополі, І Дніпро, і кручі Було видно, було чути, Як реве ревучий. Як понесе з України У синєє море Кров ворожу... отойді я І лани, і гори — Все покину і полину До самого бога Молитися... а до того Я не знаю бога.
Emily March, Nightingale Way|When darkness threatens your world, friends can be beams of sunshine if only you'll let them.
Charlie Puth|The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.
Ross Caligiuri|He's threatening to breed polo ponies, but he's always been a man of great ideas, but little action, so I don't suppose he will.
Chirag Tulsiani|There are people we meet who have but little roles to play in our lives, who happen to be no more than a special appearance to our story.People, who influence, who possess the drift, the force whose implication leads us forward in our course of life. We might have never come across them until today and probably not hear from them tomorrow or ever after, for all that exists is this moment, a moment enough for them to fulfil their purpose that being to help us find our way and enough for us to fulfil ours that being to actually find it, reach it, accomplish it. They are the ones who bring meaning to our lives, who happen to inspire, who spark a fire that we carry with us for the rest of our days, who are but pillars of hope and sometimes sacrifice, life-changers, life-savers, catalysts.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|If you really want to talk to the big boss now, make sure you leave your balls here with me, for he likes no balls on people he is talking to.
Katie McGarry|I barely brushed towards her cheek as I moved towards her mouth, her nails tickled my chest, driving me insane. Kissing her became my single reason for breathing.
Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz|Having had nothing, I will not settle for crumbs.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|If you have a dream, you want to at least be able to try to achieve it in some way. Something that is seemingly beyond your grasp but that you know that with a bit of hard work you could possibly achieve.
Ursula K. Le Guin|I know that I am going to meet a personal variation on reality; a partial view of reality. But I know also that by that partiality, that distancing from the shared experience, it will be new: a revelation. It will be a vision, a more or less powerful or haunting dream. A space-voyage through somebody else's psychic abysses. It will fall short of tragedy, because tragedy is the truth, and truth is what the very great artists, the absolute novelists, tell. It will not be truth; but it will be imagination. Truth is best. For it encompasses tragedy and partakes of the eternal joy. But very few of us know it; the best we can do is recognize it. Imagination - to me - is the next best. For it partakes of Creation, which is one aspect of the eternal joy. All the rest is either Politics or Pedantry, or Mainstream Fiction, may it rest in peace.
Christopher Hudspeth|To give up on a person you care for who is trying and failing is a bad thing, but to cut ties with an individual who is giving zero effort, yet doing a number on your heart makes sense.
Giorgio Armani|After so much suffering, after enduring so much sacrifice, sanctioned and embraced by our people, what is it that the people of East Timor expect as a result of independence?
Maggy Mae, Kel|The strange thing about falling in love is, we know what it looks and feels like. But we can’t really explain why it occurs and where all the madness it brings with it comes from.“Or why it just seems to happen like magic between two particular people but not others.”“The appearance of love seems totally irrational, inexplicable and without reason. Yet, when it happens it feels like the only thing that makes any sense. True love, I guess, is when it keeps on making sense after you actually get to know the other person.
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|The explanation for her absence had been staring him in the face all the while, but he hadn’t wanted to acknowledge it: The affair meant nothing to her. He’d been the only one bewitched body and soul. For her, he’d been but a temporary source of entertainment, a way to pass the otherwise tedious hours in the middle of an ocean.He’d been the one to press for a continuation of their affair beyond the voyage. He’d been the one to offer his heart, his hand, his every last secret. She never even gave her real name.And, of course, never showed her face.
VD.|Dharma is something that one discovers, because one cannot create something that is already there.
Stephenie Meyer, The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide|I think being a teenager is such a compelling time period in your life--it gives you some of your worst scars and some of your most exhilarating moments. It's a fascinating place; old enough to feel truly adult, old enough to make decisions that affect the rest of your life, old enough to fall in love, yet, at the same time too young (in most cases) to be free to make a lot of those decisions without someone else's approval.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|One of the aims of forgiveness is to turn the frozen, pent-up energy in stored-up emotions into free energy that people can express themselves with in the present.
Dylan Thomas|These poems, with all their crudities, doubts and confusions, are written for the love of man and in Praise of God, and I'd be a damn fool if they weren't.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible teaches that we are to be patient in suffering. Tears become telescopes to heaven, bringing eternity a little closer.
Ann Marie Aguilar|My true religion, my faith in God. He gives me love and compassion. I simply return them by loving and being compassionate towards others. Our own heart, our own mind, is the temple of God. The teachings of God is to love one another as he loves us. We love by respecting and being compassionate, whatever they decide to do with their life
Jerome K. Jerome|(Speaking of the Cistercian monks) A grim fraternity, passing grim lives in that sweet spot, that God had made so bright! Strange that Nature's voices all around them--the soft singing of the waters, the wisperings of the river grass, the music of the rushing wind--should not have taught them a truer meaning of life than this. They listened there, through the long days, in silence, waiting for a voice from heaven; and all day long and through the solemn night it spoke to them in myriad tones, and they heard it not.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|I learned to play the instruments of war," he said, "and paint in blood.
Debasish Mridha|Life has its ups and downs. When you are up, enjoy the scenery. When you are down, touch the soul of your being and feel the beauty.
DaVyshka|Sometimes we feel that the busier we are, the more important we are--as though our busyness defines our worth...We can spend a lifetime whirling about at a feverish pace, checking off list after list of things that in the end really don't matter.That we do a lot may not be so important. That we focus the energy of our minds, our hearts, and our souls on those things of eternal significance--that is essential.--Joseph B. Wirthlin
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|He said when the Lord made people He made them all the same for starters. But life marks people. If you know the way, you can read them like maps.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|Like so many plain cups on the shelves. You can reach for them, use them without thinking. Most of them don't matter. Sometimes you lose your grip on one of them and it falls and smashes to piece, and you shrug and say to yourself, what a pity. Then you reach for the cup that you use every day, one that you love and use so often that as you stretch out your hand it is already making the shape that fits its curve. You are certain that yesterday it was in its proper place, but now there is nothing. Just air. You have lost something that was so familiar, so much a part of your life that you were not even looking for it. Just expecting it to be there, as always.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful. 
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|In the big scheme of things, all's we really need, is a little love
Aprilynne Pike|But sadness was familiar; sadness was manageable. It didn't transform her, the way the raging anger did. She could remain herself and still feel this aching grief.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Almost everyone can remember losing his or her virginity, and most writers can remember the first book he/she put down thinking: I can do better than this. Hell, I am doing better than this! What could be more encouraging to the struggling writer than to realize his/her work is unquestionably better than that of someone who actually got paid for his/her stuff?
Melody Beattie, The Lessons of Love: Rediscovering Our Passion for Life When It All Seems Too Hard to Take|You don't blast a heart open," she said. "You coax and nurture it open, like the sun does to a rose.
Munia Khan|Which direction?" Robard asked. "Robard," I said exasperated, "we need a boat. I believe boats are kept at or near the ocean.
Alan Cohen|Work may be your dominant thought, and joy an afterthought. But joy is your true purpose, and work the afterthought.
Charles G.D. Roberts|Grey rocks, and greyer sea,  And surf along the shore -- And in my heart a name  My lips shall speak no more. 
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|War is not for winning, Masha," sighed Koschei, reading the tracks of supply lines, of pincer strategies, over her shoulder. "It is for surviving.
Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia|Christ became our Brother in order to help us. Through him our brother has become Christ for us in the power and authority of the commission Christ has given him. Our brother stands before us the sign of the truth and the grace of God. He has been given to us to help us. He hears the confession of our sins in Christ's stead and he forgives our sins in Christ's name. He keeps the secret of our confession as God keeps it. When I go to my brother to confess, I am going to God.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|All the dead bolts, pulled shades and hidden knives in the world couldn't protect you from the truth.
Sophie Divry, Signatura 400|That's what sofas are for: sit down, drink a cup of tea, talk of literature. At least that's how I see it.
Jerry Seinfeld|Where lipstick is concerned, the important thing is not color, but to accept God's final word on where your lips end.
Tessa Dare, Twice Tempted by a Rogue|I'm going to build that house with my own hands, from the foundation to the roof. I'm going to do it for us, and I'm going to do it right, so it lasts forever. Can't go raising walls on a shaky foundation. Can't go slapping thatch over rafters so thin, they'll topple with the first winter storm. Do you know?"She nodded. "I know."He reached for her hand. "It's the same with us. I mean to build something with you. Something that will last. Much as I want you, I don't want to rush and bollocks it up.
bell hooks|The more horrifying this world becomes, the more art becomes abstract.
Rachel Tucker|Well, my first languages are German and Spanish because I was brought up by a Spanish mother and a German father, so I always spoke both languages at home. I'm very thankful that I was brought up in a bilingual house.
Matt Bomer|With pop music, the format dictates the form to a big degree. Just think of the pop single. It has endured as a form even in the download age because bands conform to a strict format, and work, often very productively, within the parameters.
Ky Grabowski, 2013: A Stellar Collection|Maybe he had become addicted after all—addicted to being the pivot point, to being as central as that crucial joint between copulating man and woman, but with a danger that did not know the bounds of orgasm.
Aby Santos|Being a Christian, for some other people, is not cool-praying, reading bible, lifting your hands while singing Christian songs, listening to a boring sermon? But would it still be cool if you're already in hell? Think about that.
Sophie Kinsella, Finding Audrey|She says screens are the cigarettes of our age. They're toxic, and we're only going to realize the damage they're doing when it's too late.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|When the name of Gail Wynand became a threat in the publishing world, a group of newspaper owners took him aside-at a city charity affair which all had to attend-and reproached him for what they called hid debasement of the public taste."It is not my function" said Wynand, "to help people preserve a self-respect they haven't got. You give them what they profess to like in public, I give them what they really like. Honesty is the best policy, gentlemen, though not quite in the sense you were taught to belive".
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Eventually, there's certain limit in telling bare fact through words.It ain't about diction constraints, but common ability to understand.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|When sleep came, I would dream bad dreams. Not the baby and the big man with a cigarette-lighter dream. Another dream. The castle dream. A little girl of about six who looks -like me, but isn’t me, is happy as she steps out of the car with her daddy. They enter the castle and go down the steps to the dungeon where people move like shadows in the glow of burning candles. There are carpets and funny pictures on the walls. Some of the people wear hoods and robes. Sometimes they chant in droning voices that make the little girl afraid. There are other children, some of them without any clothes on. There is an altar like the altar in nearby St Mildred’s Church. The children take turns lying on that altar so the people, mostly men, but a few women, can kiss and lick their private parts. The daddy holds the hand of the little girl tightly. She looks up at him and he smiles. The little girl likes going out with her daddy. I did want to tell Dr Purvis these dreams but I didn’t want her to think I was crazy, and so kept them to myself. The psychiatrist was wiser than I appreciated at the time; sixteen-year-olds imagine they are cleverer than they really are. Dr Purvis knew I had suffered psychological damage as a child, that’s why she kept making a fresh appointment week after week. But I was unable to give her the tools and clues to find out exactly what had happened.
Kristen Callihan, Moonglow|Things must be done, life must go on. Life would go on, even if every breath she took hurt, even if her joints ached when she moved. Sorry and loneliness were an insidious evil, for they lived in the mind. One could not take a tonic and see them dissipate.
Stephen J. Rivele|The vibrations on the air are the breath of God speaking to man's soul. Music is the language of God. We musicians are as close to God as man can be. We hear his voice, we read his lips, we give birth to the children of God, who sing his praise. That's what musicians are.
Joyce Maynard|Wherever it is you make your home, there is always this other place, this other person, calling to you. Come to me. Come back.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|...to ride well to hounds is simply a diversion. It leaves no record. But already, my dear Charlotte, you have created something, a legacy.
J.D. Robb, Kindred in Death|Roarke: You'd enjoy flying more if you'd learn the controls.Eve: I'd rather pretend I'm on the ground.Roarke: And how many vehicles have you wrecked, had blown up, or destroyed in the last, oh, two years?Eve: Think about that, then imagine it happening when I'm at the wheel at thirty thousand feet.Roarke: Good point. I'll do the flying.
Rob Balder, Erfworld: Love is a Battlefield|It's amazing how bad you can make the truth sound. As long as you keep it partially recognizable when you spit it out, a crowd will eat it up without even thinking about how hard you chewed on it first.
Michael Franti|All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
Paul Theroux|Tourists don't know where they've been, travelers don't know where they're going. Travel is glamorous only in retrospect.
Emma  Hart|Depression is a sign of strength – because it means no matter how weak your mind might be to you, your heart is still strong enough to feel.
Randy J. Nelson, Biology of Aggression|George Gey paid his way through a biology degree at the University of Pittsburgh by working as a carpenter and mason, and he could make nearly anything for cheap or free. During his second year in medical school, he rigged a microscope with a time-lapse motion picture camera to capture live cells on film. It was a Frankensteinish mishmash of microscope parts, glass, and 16-millimeter camera equipment from who knows where, plus metal scraps, and an old motor from Shapiro’s junkyard. He built it in a hole he’d blasted in the foundation of Hopkins, right below the morgue, its base entirely underground and surrounded by a thick wall of cork to keep it from jiggling when streetcars passed. At night, a Lithuanian lab assistant slept next to the camera on a cot, listening to its constant tick, making sure it stayed stable through the night, waking every hour to refocus it. With that camera, Gey and his mentor, Warren Lewis, filmed the growth of cells, a process so slow - like the growth of a flower - the naked eye couldn’t see it. They played the film at high speed so they could watch cell division on the screen in one smooth motion, like a story unfolding in a flip book.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|If you can't convince you're normal, convince they're weird too.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Live & Remember|Everyone plays a purpose, even fathers who lie to you or leave you behind. Time takes care of all that pain so if someone derails you, it'll be okay eventually.
Seth Godin|When you work under the cloud of anxiety, the best strategy is to play it safe, because if (when!) it fails, you’ll be blameless.
Kevin Hart|It is justice and respect that I want the world to dust off and put - without delay, and with tenderness - back on the head of the Palestinian child. It will be imperfect justice and respect because the injustice and disrespect have been so severe. But I believe we are right to try.
Dannika Dark, Keystone|He circled around me, whispering in my ear. “I’m O positive. I’m everyone’s type.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|Gregory of Nyssa points out that Moses's vision of God began with the light, with the visible burning bush, the bush which was bright with fire and was not consumed; but afterwards, God spoke to him in a cloud. After the glory which could be seen with human eyes, he began to see the glory which is beyond and after light. The shadows are deepening all around us.
Sir Frederick Treves|Hope says to us constantly  "go on  go on " and leads us to the grave.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Birds of Passage|Ye are better than all the balladsThat ever were sung or said;For ye are living poems,And all the rest are dead.
Andrew Vyvyan|You know that feeling you get when you pass by a cop doing like 20 over, when your stomach hits the floor and you get weak in the knees and it seams like time just stops for a min? Thats how i feel every time i see her. I love it.
Ava Dianne Day, Cut to the Heart|He had learned how reading a book can take you away from anywhere, and make you feel like you're somewhere else, and someone else.. Even if only for a little while.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Alongside the liberating relief of the veteran who tells us his story, I now felt in the writing a complex, intense, and new pleasure, similar to that I felt as a student when penetrating the solemn order of differentials calculus. It was exalting to search and find, or create, the right word, that is, commensurate, concise, and strong; to dredge up events from my memory and describe them with the greatest rigor and the least clutter.
Gary Larson|You think You're frightening me with Your hell, don't You? You think Your hell is worse than mine.
Kendra Wilkinson|I never, ever see myself as a celebrity or famous, so I poke fun at that.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|At first glance, the ball seemed to be an elegant success. However, re-evaluation would allow an observer to see more than a graceful party. Many well-thought plans highlighted what this really was: a marriage market.
Desmond Tutu|He who studies books alone will know how things ought to be, and he who studies men will know how they are.
Sami Abouzid|A lucky guy, is anyone who would have the privilege of being around you , talking to you , holding your hand , making sure that you are safe and happy .
Orson Welles|Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn
John Hutton|To get away from one's working environment is, in a sense, to get away from one's self; and this is often the chief advantage of travel and change.
Emily Gowor, The Inspirational Messenger: The 5 Pillars to Becoming Inspirational in Everything You Do|For animals, the confinement of the body is the confinement of the whole being, but a person can choose freedom even when he has no physical autonomy. In order to do so, he must know what choice is, and he must believe that he deserves it. By sharing stories, we keep choice alive in the imagination and in language. We give each other the strength to perform choice in the mind even when we cannot perform it with the body.
Robert L. Millet, Coming to Know Christ|The Lord needs us. He needs us to be knowledgeable, dependable, and competent disciples. We need to know not only that the gospel is true but we need to know the gospel, better than we do right now. We need to be in the right place at the right time. We will thereby become the right person.
Nayomi Munaweera, What Lies Between Us|It was my first dead body and I waited for the appropriate feelings. I didn't know what feelings to expect, which was worse than realising that I had none.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|It kills me sometimes, how people die.
Raoul Vaneigem|I never lost my dreams in my 20s, and I know that sounds corny, but it's incredibly important to never let go of what you really want in your life.
D.R. Hedge, The Geri Rogue|And I realize, so suddenly that it hurts, just how empty a creature can be, while still filled to the brim with drowning agony.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|Quite often you drive me mad, but more often I'm just mad about you. And that darling, that's the best love there is.
Maysoon Zayid|I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.
Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like|Her wild heart was rare, she saw blessings were most saw burdens & if one thing was certain; her smile was like a flower in the sunshine
Jonathan Ive|I like to hike and cook. I enjoy furniture and design - not making it, just looking at it. I'm always kind of trying to spread my interests around and try new things.
Paul Stamets|I think one of the terrible things today is that people have this deathly fear of food: fear of eggs, say, or fear of butter. Most doctors feel that you can have a little bit of everything.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|I was the Duff. And that was a good thing. Because anyone who didn't feel like the Duff must not have friends. Every girl feels unattractive sometimes. Why had it taken me so long to figure that out? Why had I been stressing over that dumb word for so long when it was so simple? I should be proud to be the Duff. Proud to have great friends who, in their minds, were my Duffs.
John M. McHugh|Women's courage is rather different from men's. The fact that women have to bring up children and look after husbands makes them braver at facing long-term issues, such as illness. Men are more immediately courageous. Lots of people are brave in battle.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|I want to be the friend you fall hopelessly in love with. The one you take into your arms and into your bed and into the private world you keep trapped in your head. I want to be that kind of friend. The one who will memorize the things you say as well as the shape of your lips when you say them. I want to know every curve, every freckle, every shiver of your body. I want to know where to touch you, I want to know how to touch you. I want to know convince you to design a smile just for me. Yes, I do want to be your friend. I want to be your best friend in the entire world.
Albert Camus, The Plague|I have no idea what's awaiting me, or what will happen when this all ends. For the moment I know this: there are sick people and they need curing.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|The doctor seemed especially troubled by the fact of the robbery having been unexpected, and attempted in the night-time; as if it were the established custom of gentlemen in the housebreaking way to transact business at noon, and to make an appointment, by the twopenny post, a day or two previous.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Happiness is a frame of mind. It is a state of thinking. It is an attitude, a headset, a mentality. Happiness is a disposition and demeanor. It is a mood and sensibility. It is a philosophy, a notion, a tone, an outlook and perspective. Happiness is all of these things, none of which exist separate from me. They cannot be extracted or stolen because they constitute my very being. Therefore, happiness must be the natural essence of me.
Alex Haley, Roots: The Saga of an American Family|I was weeping for all of history's incredible atrocities against fellowmen, which seems to be mankind's greatest flaw...
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Cities of Coin and Spice|We like the wrong sorts of girls, they wrote. They are usually the ones worth writing about.
Amitav Ghosh|His youth carried his words and lit the room with an optimism. “India is like our home,” he said, “our spiritual home. Even before we get here there was that feeling.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|For sixteen years, I had seen just emptiness in those eyes. Her eloquent eyes had lost their expressiveness to destiny.
Ogden Nash|I had a friend who, after 25 years of marriage, found himself trying to date again, and it was completely different. Everything had changed, and he had to reacquaint himself. It was funny even talking to him about it. For someone who has been out of the loop, it's a different world.
Michael Perry, Visiting Tom: A Man, a Highway, and the Road to Roughneck Grace|If everybody followed the rules, nothing would ever change. Without change there would be no progress
Pamela Clare, Surrender|Though this marriage is a sham, what we share tonight will be real, my lady. I said I'd treat you wi' the same respect I'd show my own true bride, and I meant it. I'd no' be able to call myself a Scotsman if I let you walk across this threshold.
Joyce Carol Oates|Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.
Pepper Winters, First Debt|I wanted more of those sweltering kisses. I felt terrible about that. But the warm sunny fragrance of him...he smelled better than any human being I'd ever met. "Okay" I said unsteadily, "forget what I said about not exchanging names. Who are you?""For you, honey...I'm trouble." -Haven & Hardy
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|The lights were off so that his heads could avoid looking at each other because neither of them was currently a particular engaging sight, nor had they been since he had made the error of looking into his soul.It had indeed been an error.It had been late one night-- of course.It had been a difficult day-- of course.There had been soulful music playing on the ship's sound system-- of course.And he had, of course, been slightly drunk.In other words, all the usual conditions that bring on a bout of soul searching had applied, but it had, nevertheless, clearly been an error.
Drew Barrymore|Whenever possible, I use local, fresh ingredients, just because it tastes and feels better to eat an egg or a tomato or a hamburger that wasn't flown halfway around the world, that didn't travel on a truck and get stuck in traffic jams, that hasn't been sitting in a supermarket's refrigerator case for days.
Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Soul: Married Life!: 101 Inspirational Stories about Fun, Family, and Wedded Bliss|A couple in love is like a pair of scissors. Two useless pieces of metal, until they are inextricably connected at the core so that they can move together as one and accomplish great things.
Stephen King, Misery|I am not schizoid. A little manic-depressive, maybe.""'Know thyself.'" "We try, sir.
Thomas Fuller|Immature love says "I love you because I need you." Mature love says "I need you because I love you."
T. Scott McLeod|There are three kinds of big endings: Revenge. Tragedy. Forgiveness. Revenge and Tragedy often happen together.Forgiveness unblocks the future." (p.225)
Rebecca Harding Davis|It is right to endure with resignation what the gods send, and to face one's enemies with courage.
Danika Stone, All the Feels|She was determined to keep her promise of 'no fandom' to her mother. Trouble was, fandom was more than a hobby, it was a support system. Without it, Liv had no one to talk to when she was lonely. She had nothing to look forward to after school, and no outlet for creativity. Liv found herself spiraling back into melancholy. She got up. She went to classes.She came home... And then did it all over again. Sleep became the escape that fandom had once been.
Scott Kelly|The perception of the horizon is an earthbound event; all horizons disappear in space, and we are left shorn of the sweet roots that have held us to the earth, challenged to imagine what is truly present just before us, a unified and seemingly limitless universe.
Howard Tayler, The Tub of Happiness|That's odd. It looks almost as if Nick is picking a fight with that elephant.""Well, the elephant started it.""That's irrelevant. Fighting with civilians is against the rules. Go break it up."-Admiral Breya Andreyasn & Sergeant Schlock
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Living a Princely life requires that you learn to think and reason like the Prince, talk and behave like him, react like him as well.
Adolf Hitler, Hitler's Secret Conversations, 1941-1944|Maybe some folks are alcoholics and others are just voluntary drunks. Maybe some folks drink due to body chemistry and others due to their lazy characters. Maybe some have drinking problems, while others have problems enough to drink.
Harshada Pathare, You Complete Me|I will fill my life with so much of positivity, happiness and brilliance that God will one day say with utmost pride, "This is the most amazing Kaleidoscope to view".
William J. Brennan, Jr.|Building sustainable cities - and a sustainable future - will need open dialogue among all branches of national, regional and local government. And it will need the engagement of all stakeholders - including the private sector and civil society, and especially the poor and marginalized.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Premature Burial|The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
Stephen King, Desperation|Oh shit, the mummy's after us, let's all walk a little faster
Arkady Strugatsky, Roadside Picnic|Reputation never has very much to do with reality. I could name half a dozen paragons of virtue that are horrible, small-souled, evil people. And some of the best men I know, you'd walk out of the room if you heard their names. No one on the screen is who they are when you breathe their air.Chrisjen Avasarala
Dorothy Gilman|We spend most of our lives cutting down our ambitions because the world has told us to think small. Dreams express what your soul is telling you, so as crazy as your dream might seem - even to you - I don't care: You have to let that out.
Norman Vincent Peale|If you have fun and keep a good attitude, people want to work with you.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|No one is climbing the spiritual ladder. We don't continually improve until we are so spiritual we no longer need God. We die and are made new, but that's different from spiritual self-improvement.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|He lay on his back in his blankets and looked our where the quartermoon lay cocked over the heel of the mountains. In the false blue dawn the Pleiades seemed to be rising up into the darkness above the world and dragging all the stars away, the great diamond of Orion and Cepella and the signature of Cassiopeia all rising up through the phosphorous dark like a sea-net. He lay a long time listening to the others breathing in their sleep while he contemplated the wildness about him, the wildness within.
Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics|I'm a writer to the bone. I love this language you and I read, write and speak. It's called English. And I'm seriously doubting that it's known to some of the unseen people who write the news.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico’s anger turned as cold and dark as his blade. He’d been morphed into a few plants himself, and he didn’t appreciate it. He hated people like Bryce Lawrence, who inflicted pain just for fun.
Sushrut A. Badhe|She had picked the spot the day before and carried out a stool low enough to sit on and still have her paintbox and her water cup within reach. Anna didn't use an easel. Easels seemed to her an altogether too assertive aid, too obvious. She liked to work as unobtrusively as possible, the paper spread on a board in her lap, close to her hand.
Jeff Bridges|It was easy being healthy when I was young. I was full of energy, so sports and physical challenges were fun. But as I got older and the spring left my step, exercise became harder, and eating, drinking and watching TV became easier. By the time I was 50, I'd put on 50 pounds.
Donna Ball, At Home on Ladybug Farm|Sometimes when you pick up your child you can feel the map of your own bones beneath your hands, or smell the scent of your skin in the nape of his neck. This is the most extraordinary thing about motherhood - finding a piece of yourself separate and apart that all the same you could not live without.
Boris Pasternak|There must be a punitive expedition against the Jews in Russia, a punitive expedition which will expect: death sentence and execution. Then the world will see the end of the Jews is also the end of Bolshevism.
Melissa  Brown, Champagne Toast|Hey," I said softly and cupped his cheek."Yeah?"“What about your dream?”His face went dimples. “I’m lookin’ at it, darlin’.”Oh. Crap. My heart felt near bursting. I was absolutely done for. This man owned me, body and soul, and everything in between.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody can do something. Anyone can do anything, but, it takes an understanding of real freedom to know do’s and don’ts and the essence of do’s and don’ts’. Nobility knows rules, nobility understands rules, and nobility recognizes the real reasons of staying within the border lines of rules that uphold dignity as a sacred responsibility. Nobility least do things anyhow, anywhere and anytime.
Vanshika Dhyani|THEY WILL TRY TO TELL YOU THAT YOU’RE MADE UP OF ATOMS AND MOLECULES.THEY DON’T KNOW A DAMN THING ABOUT YOU. YOU’RE MADE UP OF POETRY, LOVE AND SOLACE AND ALL THOSE BEAUTIFUL LONELY THINGS THAT MAKE THIS WHOLE UNIVERSE.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|. . . And the consequence to that is, you can never attain a Clear Awareness of life’s flow by absorbing and following Old Teachings, however revered by our culture, however vaunted by institutions and fancy buildings, however nice they sound, because you must already hold adequate wisdom in order to even identify it. Unless you can tell which expressions are wise because you are aware of life’s nature yourself, you will invariably be soundly, profoundly fooled.
Sarvesh Jain|Spend your time with family and people you love. Don't wait for festivals be with them, each moment you're with them, that's a festival.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich|What is lovely never dies, but passes into other loveliness, Star-dust, or sea-foam, flower or winged air.
William Coperthwaite, A Handmade Life: In Search of Simplicity|Oliver, success is usually a feeling of mere relief, where failure is pain. Happiness, you see, lies in neither, but in sticking to a daily ritual and becoming absorbed in something useful. When the war is over, even the greatest warriors do not exult. They go back to their garden or kitchen or library -- or school -- and resume life.(as said by Mrs. Pearson)
James Howe, Totally Joe|I hated that the soldier doll had my name. I mean, please. I didn't play with him much. He was another Christmas present from my clueless grandparents. One time when they were visiting, my grandpa asked me if G.I. Joe had been in any wars lately. I said, "No, but he and Ken got married last week." Every Christmas since then, my grandparents have sent me a check.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Presenting a humble façade gains trust; flattery appeals to ego; combine the two to gain an ego-based trust within someone, and you will find in your hands a judgement clouding tool second only to love.
Marie Coulson, Bound Together|But when a cut is deep, it’s still just flesh beneath.
Judy Tenuta|"It was as true"  said Mr. Barkus  "as taxes is. And nothing is truer than them."
Steven Spielberg|Sadly, racial, ethnic, and cultural hatred and intolerance are not just history, they are current events.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|Owen folded his arms around Morgan to steady her when she crashed into him, and was enveloped by her scent, her warm softness. When she gave a scared little scream, he tightened his arms in a protective reflex. She fit him perfectly, he noted distractedly. And she was soaked: he'd seen her come in from the rain, her expression frantic, just as he had rushed in the front door. His shirt was plastered to his chest between
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|14 Ways to Become an Incredible Listener1.	Be present and provide your undivided attention.2.	Seek first to understand, then to be understood.3.	Listen attentively and respond appropriately.4.	Minimize or eliminate distractions.5.	Focus your attention and energy with singleness of purpose on what the other person is saying.6.	Quiet your mind and suspend your thoughts to make room in your head to hear what is said—in the moment!7.	Ask questions and demonstrate empathy.8.	Use your body language and nonverbal cues constructively and pay attention to theirs.9.	Follow the rhythm of their speech; hear their tone.10.	Repeat and summarize what you have heard them say to confirm understanding.11.	Be open-minded and non-defensive.12.	Respond rather than react. 13.	Be respectful, calm, and positive.14.	Try to resolve conflicts, not win them.
Anne Wojcicki|I think that big, sort of theatrical relaunches tend to set you up for failure and hype.
Leonard Wibberley, A Feast of Freedom|World opinion, though sharply divided on nuclear tests and the risk of atmospheric pollution, could congratulate itself on being united in its opposition to cannibalism. No country in the world was prepared to support the custom of eating the dead, though the right of governments to kill people, individually or by hundreds of thousands, was not questioned for a moment.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It’s all a risk. Always. That’s not true, actually. The only exception: it’s a certainty that there’s risk. The safer you play your plans for the future, the riskier it actually is. That’s because the world is certainly, definitely, and more than possibly changing.
Tony Le Donne|time never heals everything in life,but memories do
Rivka Galchen, Atmospheric Disturbances|Early one beautiful summer evening, when everyone else was drinking indoors, Tony and I walked down to the river. We lay on the grass under a tree and chatted. At one point, Tony said, "Look at the pattern of lace the leaves make against the sky." I looked at the canopy above us, and suddenly saw what he saw. My perspective completely shifted. I realized I didn't have his "eyes" -- though once he pointed it out, it became obvious. It made me think, "My God, I never look enough," and in the years since, I've tried very hard to look -- and look again.
Carolyn Baker, Collapsing Consciously: Transformative Truths for Turbulent Times|Fundamentally, what all forms of positive thinking about collapse come down to is our own fear of death.
Boone Brux, Kiss of the Betrayer|But more than that, if you ally yourself with people who are prepared to fight to make a difference, then your life will always be in danger. I don't think it's fair to ever blame the person who makes the stand. Because the Doctor's so old, because he's done this so many times before, he sometimes forgets how dangerous it is. But if he didn't create the danger by opposing evil, if he didn't get these people to help him, then terrible things would happen. Standing up for what's right is always the best thing to do.
Dean Lilleyman, Billy and the Devil|A chatWith the Grim Reapershould be enough to scareaway any thought of relapse.Wish it were that easy,but not even days conversingwith death can disintegratethe claws of addiction.
Louis B. Rosenberg|Beyond individual intelligence, nature has also cultivated intelligence through swarms. For example, bees, birds and fish act in a more intelligent way when acting together as a swarm, flock or school.
Nelson Mandela|From this point forth, we shall be leaving the firm foundation of fact and journeying together through the murky marshes of memory into thickets of wildest guesswork.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...dark embers smolder inside me - one touch and they flare - who would have thought memory combustible, or near you bright sparks appear?...
Jane Austen, Emma|Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Stacey Marie Brown, Darkness of Light|It’s a little early in our relationship for us to be ‘surmounting,’ but, hey, I’m game if you are. I’ll even let you be on top.” He looked directly at me, a coy smile playing on his lips.
Sharon Waxman, Loot: The Battle over the Stolen Treasures of the Ancient World|As cultural politics change, museums change with them.
Murray N. Rothbard, For a New Liberty: The Libertarian Manifesto|Socialists claim to be in favor of equitable redistribution of income and wealth, but who determines what is equitable and does the actual redistribution?
Christian Slater|It is very helpful to me, in my job, for people to know me better. A lot of that is, it's a communication job.
Steve Maraboli|Each day is a brand new episode of your life. If nothing is changing, you're watching reruns. Mindset matters... If you want something different, DO something different. "Same crap, different day" doesn't describe the day; it describes your attitude towards it.
Craig T. Nelson|But to personally satisfy my own adrenalin needs, I've been racing cars a little bit, which has been fun.
Kevin Hearne, Hammered|Now that’s true poetic irony. I rush into battle to defend the fair name of Rose Larkin, and what does she do but fetch Robert to stop me.
William Shakespeare|Timon: I’ll beat thee, but I should infect my hands.
Simone de Beauvoir, La Vieillesse|I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity. I want this adventure that is the context of my life to go on without end.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|Surely if we knew what bitterness fate held in store, we would shrink back in fear and let the cup of life pass us by untasted.
Frank Herbert, The Dosadi Experiment|You see how I live: shadows and silence, leaving things as I find them because I have no reason to disturb them. But there are things that I have known, even though I never wished to know them and cannot give them a name.
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|At His door, what is the difference between Moslem and Christian, virtuous and guilty? At his door all are seekers and He the sought.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|Keep fighting for freedom and justice, beloveds, but don't forget to have fun doin' it. Lord, let your laughter ring forth. Be outrageous, ridicule the fraidy-cats, rejoice in all the oddities that freedom can produce.
|While small minds were bragging about their material possessions, great minds were busy expanding their assets.
Roger Waters|Wish You Were Here So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, Blue skys from pain. Can you tell a green field From a cold steel rail? A smile from a veil? Do you think you can tell? And did they get you to trade Your heros for ghosts? Hot ashes for trees? Hot air for a cool breeze? Cold comfort for change? And did you exchange A walk on part in the war For a lead role in a cage? How I wish, how I wish you were here. We're just two lost souls Swimming in a fish bowl, Year after year, Running over the same old ground. What have we found? The same old fears. Wish you were here.
Donald Hall, Essays After Eighty|He talked about her in a way that only the obsessed do. It was always a pressured monologue, and it was always the same. He had to relate every detail, interpreting and seeking meaning in her every utterance or action, like a fundamentalist minutely analyzing a biblical text.
Peter J. Tanous, The Secret of Fatima|Calvi was sobbing. This couldn't be! A moment ago the Pope was healthy, smiling. How could His Holiness be no longer? Only a month into his papacy!
Frank Herbert, Dune|Growth is limited by the necessity which is present in the least amount. And naturally, the least favorable condition controls the growth rate
Charlette Mikulka, Peace in the Heart and Home: A Down-to-Earth Guide to Creating a Better Life for You and Your Loved Ones|Without energy being invested in resisting the unwanted or dueling with fears, we have more energy and attention available for noticing not only the disturbing, but the wonderful...When we are not fixated on threat and defending ourselves, when we're not exhausted and burned out from chronic stress, we are able to see the daily evidence that we are in the midst of a mind-blowing miracle called Life....Then we will experience breathtaking, heart-rippling moments that counterbalance every trial and tribulation. When we're fully conscious of the universe's artistry and generosity, who needs psychodelics or Prozac?
Phil Klay|It's sometimes tiring to get off a long-haul flight and go straight to the studio for a shoot, but if you really plan everything well, you can get so much out of combining travel with work.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|The secret to extraordinary faith is fully engaging our MINDS, as well as our hearts, because DYNAMIC FAITH REQUIRES A HEALTHY BALANCE OF BOTH.
Daniel Dennett|I didn't plan to be the rude middle-class comedian. You write a certain type of joke that you find funny, and mine happen to be often rude. Yes, it's juvenile, but that's me.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|And then the lights went low, and our song began.The song I’d been working on since I’d arrived on the island. The one that morphed into something else entirely, something I never intended it to be. But music is like that. Much like life. It tells the story, it takes the lead.You’re just along for the ride.
Kittie Blessed-Known as Amy Masella|People forget the smallest things in life bring the simplest happiness into one's heart. It is the unfound treasure that is found within the smallest light that shines on the face of the simplest of pleasure, a forgotten smile." Amy Masella
Audrey Hepburn|But with superior morale, with an unwavering, fanatical spirit, everything is possible!
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Jack and Bobby Kennedy were too young, too attached to real family to transfer affection and loyalty to those that of their blood or region or upbringing.
Teri Garr|Every time you get a movie, you get a medical. So you know, you know you're alright for a couple of weeks.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|In relationships, the cheater is unable to trust anyone, including the cheated.
Banksy|A recent survey or North American males found 42% were overweight, 34% were critically obese and 8% ate the survey.
Glen Duncan, The Last Werewolf|The only 'ironclad rules' in writing fiction are the laws of physics and the principles of grammar, and even those can be bent.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Book of My Lives|Your window square a yellow kite, and the Moon a white balloon
C.S. Lewis, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe|At least you've brought gifts. What's in the basket?"She rummaged through the contents. "A few sweetmeats and lozenges. Packets of raisins. But mostly it's Aunt Thea's surplus cosmetics and remedies. She sends away for every product advertised in every ladies' magazine. I like to see them put to some use."He blinked at her. "These are your gifts?""Your men have depleted our stores of food, and I didn't have time to prepare anything else.""What are they supposed to do with-" he held up a brown bottle and peered at the label- "Dr. Jacobs' Miracle Elixir?" He plucked a small jar out next. "Excelsior Blemish Cream?""Women are women, Logan. Every girl needs a bit of luxury and a chance to feel pretty now and then.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Hegemon|The nearer a man lives to God, the more intensely has he to mourn over his own evil heart." -Charles Spurgeon
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|Daisy pulled away from Swift’s grasp. “You’ve changed,” she said, trying to collect herself. “You haven’t,” he replied. It was impossible to tell whether the remark was intended as compliment or criticism. “What were you doing at the well?” “I was…I thought…” Daisy searched in vain for a sensible explanation, but could think of nothing. “It’s a wishing well.” His expression was solemn, but there was a suspicious flicker in his vivid blue eyes as if he were secretly amused. “You have this on good authority, I take i
John Taylor, Journal of Discourses|Peace is the gift of God. Do you want peace? Go to God. Do you want peace in your families? Go to God. Do you want peace to brood over your families? If you do, live your religion, and the very peace of God will dwell and abide with you, for that is where peace comes from, and it doesn't dwell anywhere else. . . .Some in speaking of war and troubles, will say are you not afraid? No, I am a servant of God, and this is enough, for Father is at the helm. It is for me to be as clay in the hands of the potter, to be pliable and walk in the light of the countenance of the Spirit of the Lord, and then no matter what comes. Let the lightnings flash and the earthquakes bellow, God is at the helm, and I feel like saying but little, for the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth and will continue his work until he has put all enemies under his feet, and his kingdom extends from the rivers to the ends of the earth.
David Foster Wallace|We don't always do the things our parents want us to do, but it is their mistake if they can't find a way to love us anyway.
Albert II of Belgium|All art is an intensely vulnerable gesture, and it is made with no small amounts of risk, and fear. So, I have plenty of sympathy for self-defense mechanisms, especially among artists.
Carol Lynch Williams|Tell me,' I said. 'Tell me when you notice me.'I notice you going into church,' Joshua said. 'I notice your hair, how blond it is. But how in some light it looks like it has red in it. I notice the way you smell when we're close. And the way you walk when we're headed home from church and your family gets out of the Temple first. I notice how you are with your family and how you hold your little sisters. I've seen you stand out on your doorstep and look across the desert. I've watched you walk toward the Compound fence and then on past that. You've been walking for years.
James Comey|Unfortunately, changing forms of Internet communication are quickly outpacing laws and technology designed to allow for the lawful intercept of communication content.
Michael Pollan, Second Nature: A Gardener's Education|In the same way that the picturesque designers were always careful to include some reminder of our mortality in their gardens -- a ruin, sometimes even a dead tree -- the act of leaving parts of the garden untended, and calling attention to its margins, seems to undermine any pretense to perfect power or wisdom on the part of the gardener. The margins of our gardens can be tropes too, but figures of irony rather than transcendence -- antidotes, in fact, to our hubris. It may be in the margins of our gardens that we can discover fresh ways to bring our aesthetics and our ethics about the land into some meaningful alignment.
Charlie Lovett, The Lost Book of the Grail|Students didn't even read books anymore, thought Arthur. They dispensed with design and layout and cover art and illustrations and reduced reading to nothing but a stream of text in whatever font and size they chose. Reading without books, thought Arthur, was like playing cricket without dressing in white. It could be done, but why?
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Failure Is Not Permanent, So Is The Success. So, Don't Look Down Upon People Who Are Failed While You're Succeeded. Table Can Turn Anytime. Be Gentle To Every Creation, It Ain't Cost A Thing....
Dan Phillips|It is a bad indication when, in any period, men will so exalt their confessions that they force the Scriptures to a secondary importance, illustrated in one era, when as Tulloch remarks: 'Scripture as a witness, disappeared behind the Augsburg Confession" ...No decrees of councils; no ordinances of synods; no "standard" of doctrines; no creed or confession, is to be urged as authority in forming the opinions of men. They may be valuable for some purposes, but not for this; they may be referred to as interesting parts of history, but not to form the faith of Christians; they may be used in the church to express its belief, not to form it.
Iggy Azalea|I'm a fan of designers and clothes that look beautiful, but more importantly, make me feel beautiful and confident. It's why I've always loved Stella McCartney, and more recently, Prabal Gurung. Their pieces are cool, yet timeless, and the fits are effortlessly flattering.
Françoise Gilot, Life with Picasso|Pablo's many stories and reminiscences about Olga and Marie-Thérese and Dora Maar, as well as their continuing presence just offstage in our own life together, gradually made me realize that he had a kind of Bluebeard complex that made him want to cut off the heads of all women he had collected in his private museum. But he didn't cut the heads entirely off. He preferred to have life go on and to have all those women who had shared his life at one moment or another still letting out little peeps and cries of joy or pain and making a few gestures like disjointed dolls, just to prove there was some life left in them, that it hung by a thread, and that he held the other end of the thread. From time to time they would provide a humorous or dramatic or sometimes tragic side to things, and that was all grist to his mill.
Abigail Tarttelin, Golden Boy|The needs are too great, and there are too few of us. We have a duty, a responsibility to help others. It’s not all about fun. It’s not always easy.
Kate Elliott, Traitors' Gate|Let's make progress justice a process, not an afterthought
Glen Duncan|The thing I love most about my job is watching people age backward, becoming more lively and energetic as they free themselves from situations that are toxic to their essential selves.
Petra Hermans, Voor een betere wereld|When we focus on people and life instead of material possessions and mere wants, there's not much room for emotional hand-wringing. Instead, there's more space to weigh what we value in our lives and to acknowledge what really counts. Chapter 9 Simplicity Laura Ingalls in The Long Winter
Michael  Grant|Caine erupted in disbelieving laughter. "Yeah, that'll do it. 'I'm just a kid, Your Honor!' Hah. They'll have to find a few scapegoats, and guess who it will be? You and me, surfer boy. You and me.
Slavoj Zizek|I had to choose, I'd be so sad. They are flip sides of the same coin. I love both comedy and drama.
Ross Macdonald, The Moving Target|He rarely smoked, but once in a while, like now, when his world had been shaken, his woman nearly killed in front of his eyes, and he’d watched a house consume a man and spit him out, he figured a drag or two were appropriate.
Hicham LM Kamelionaire|If you want success, roll your sleeves up and fight for it!
|It was great to see the owls," I said.She smiled."Yes. They're wild things, of course. Killers, savages. They're wonderful.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|*I don't want the body,* she whimpered. *It hurts.**Not always, sweetheart. Not always. Without the body, how will you hear a bird's song? How will you feel a warm summer rain on your skin? How will you taste nutcakes? How will you walk on a beach at sunset and feel the sand and surf under your... hooves?*
Casey Kasem|Father's Day each year makes me grateful for what my father did for me. This has little to do with our relationship, and much to do with what he taught me.
Nina Fedoroff|But, as environment minister, I am very interested in a thriving German automobile industry, because I can only pay for the rising costs of environmental protection at home and abroad if there are people in Germany with jobs and who pay taxes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|LORD God, please give us grace to obey thy great laws.
Aletheia Luna, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|Intuition is really a sudden immersion of the soul into the universal current of life, where the histories of all people are connected, and we are all able to know everything, because it's all written there.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|If you never been rabid, you ain't never lived.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|A seed, in order to grow, must first be planted under the best conditions. Be that space or time. I think, therefore, that you have yet to find your perfect conditions.
Nigel Tomm|Painting reflects. It kills you in a colourful shower of emptiness. Flatness. Randomness. And beauty. Yes, it is the most pure beauty I have ever felt in my life.
Bono|Famous is celebrityism, and I don't want that... I know that I'm not that. Everybody knows who you are. I can't imagine living that life, but I don't think I consider myself famous.
Valerie J. Lewis Coleman, The Forbidden Secrets of the Goody Box: Relationship Advice That Your Father Didn't Tell You and Your Mother Didn't Know|If you only attract Mr. Wrong or Ms. Crazy, evaluate the common thread in this diversity of people: YOU!
Rory Miller|Love, not balance, brings enlightenment
Katrina Leno, The Half Life of Molly Pierce|Isolated, she managed somehow to feel free—albeit with a freedom that made her want to smash a hole in the very center of the universe.
David Eddings, Castle of Wizardry|Uh, yeah - how about a warm hell no to that request? Does that work for you? Because it works for me.
Brigitte Gabriel, Because They Hate|On November 27, 1493, when Columbus returned to Navidad, he found that the 39 crew members that he had left behind had been murdered, and instead of finding a peaceful settlement, he found their corpses bleaching on the beach. The local Taíno Indians had killed them all; because of the ignorant and cruel treatment they had received from the Spaniards. Little wonder that, from that time on, Columbus had problems with the Taínos. Columbus wisely decided to abandon Navidad and established La Isabela as the first capital of Hispaniola. La Isabela’s location was across a sand bar on a shallow river along the coast of what is now the Dominican Republic.
Edward P. Jones|(Her husband's departure ...) had picked Mildred up by the hair and dropped her down at the doorstep of insanity.From "Butterfly on F street
Oscar Wilde|Pleasure is the only thing one should live for, nothing ages like happiness.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Please don’t hate you??!! I hate that I love you. Loving you made me waste a year of my life. Loving you made me be passionate about nothing but you. Loving you made me take risks I never would have otherwise. Loving you made me give it up to you. Loving you made me neglect my parents and Amy. Loving you made me not care that my grandma just died. Loving you made me turn out bitter and hopeless like her. Loving you made me hate myself for being dumped by you. Loving you made me deluded, irrational, inconsiderate, and a liar. And because I love you, you’re always going to hau
Dorothea Jensen, Tizzy, the Christmas Shelf Elf|In a season like this,I wouldn't be held by the snow.With all these feelings of bliss,I've to put aside my egoAnd step out to let you know,With you, I'm well pleasedAnd the love you show,Is to me the bee's knees.
Amy Tan, The Valley of Amazement|And Jesus began to say to them, “See to it that no one misleads you. Many will come in My name, saying, ‘I am He!’ and will mislead many.”Here Christ cautions His present and future disciples from being misled, meaning not to be deceived, caused to err from the truth, or lead to form a wrong judgment. It is important for us to note that we can be deceived if we heed deceivers, instead of Christ Jesus. Many claim and will claim to know Him, but will point us to themselves, to traditions, to lies, and anything instead of to Christ! We must be careful.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|In this way unwittingly the Widow-to-Be is assuring her husband’s death—his doom. Even as she believes she is behaving intelligently—“shrewdly” and “reasonably”—she is taking him to a teeming petri dish of lethal bacteria where within a week he will succumb to a virulent staph infection—a “hospital” infection acquired in the course of his treatment for pneumonia. Even as she is fantasizing that he will be home for dinner she is assuring that he will never return home. How unwitting, all Widows-to-Be who imagine that they are doing the right thing, in innocence and ignorance!
Donna Tartt|His mind is like that. On the inside, where he never smiles.
Kahlil Gibran, The Vision: Reflections on the Way of the Soul|Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|If I love a dose of (good) theology or philosophy, I probably also love discipline, improvement, wisdom, and challenges. If I hate it, I am probably too comfortable and proud to try to question myself.
Courtney Carola, Where We Belong|It doesn’t matter where you’re at, when you’re with people you love, you’re where you belong.
Marc Jacobs|Marc Jacobs is full of creative people and Louis Vuitton is again a name on the door, a name that has existed for many years but I'm a collaborator there and I bring in other people, other artists and I work with a great creative design team.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|The choice is very obvious if you have to choose between the devil and the angel! If the choice is not obvious in your mind, then you have some badnesses inside you!
Mira Grant, Deadline|If you are part of a society that votes, then do so. There may be no candidates and no measures you want to vote for ... but there are certain to be ones you want to vote against. In case of doubt, vote against. By this rule you will rarely go wrong.
Robin Beth Schaer, Shipbreaking|Current / is the cure for both a stopped heart / and one that beats too much. / And if it must be shocked twice, / the surgeons call it a reluctant heart.
Rick Hanson, Buddha's Brain: The Practical Neuroscience of Happiness, Love, and Wisdom|The virtues of getting up early have nothing to do with cramming more hours of busyness and industry into one's day. Just the opposite. They stem from the stillness and solitude of the hour, and the potential to use that time to expand consciousness, to contemplate, to make time for being, for purposefully not doing anything. The peacefulness, the darkness, the dawn, the stillness - all contribute to making early morning a special time for mindfulness practice.
Joseph Patrick Pascale|Crammed among the stacks of books in his room, the author treated literature as if each book were a window in a city of unstable skyscrapers, and he was the window-washer tasked with the impossible job of cleaning them all. - From "Pageturner" in 365 Tomorrows
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Life is whatever you make it, a heaven or hell on earth.
James Branch Cabell|Smartass Disciple: Master, where is exactly the edge of this universe ?Master of Stupidity: Edge is wherever the absence of universal gravity.
Renee Ellmers|At the end of the day, life's about realising one's human potential. I don't know if I've realised mine, but I've certainly gone a long way towards realising some goals and some dreams.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|I feel as though, if I were to extend my hand just a little toward the pool where the ideas ferment, I could grab at the idea and pull it out of the pool and onto the floor where ideas must stand before the jury of the brain. There, it must present itself, still from the pool, and a bit shivery because new ideas are not given a towel to dry off with, towels being reserved for proven theories; new ideas are simply pulled and stood up, and asked to explain themselves - not a very pleasant thing really, which is why so many people go into the room where the pool is. The exercise is exhausting not to mention a bit difficult to watch, if you are at all a sympathetic creature. What was my idea, anyways?
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|...he went off to Paris. Actually, I don't know for sure that Paris is where he ended up.
Russell Peters|The value of old age depends upon the person who reaches it. To some men of early performance it is useless. To others, who are late to develop, it just enables them to finish the job.
Christian Lander, Stuff White People Like: A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions|And if that weren't bad enough, the next sound he heard was a loud click.The damned woman had locked him out. She'd taken all the food and locked him out."You'll pay for this!" he yelled at the door."Do be quiet," came the muffled reply. "I'm eating.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|The circularity of influence was like a trail of dominoes falling in four dimensions. Each time one slapped another and fell to the ground, from a different vantage point it appeared knocked upright, ready to be slapped and fall again.  Everything was not merely relative, it was--how to put it? --relevant. Representational. Revealing. Referential and reverential both.
Martin Luther King Jr.|All this is simply to say that all life is interrelated. We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality; tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. As long as there is poverty in this world, no man can be totally rich even if he has a billion dollars. As long as diseases are rampant and millions of people cannot expect to live more than twenty or thirty years, no man can be totally healthy, even if he just got a clean bill of health from the finest clinic in America. Strangely enough, I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. You can never be what you ought to be until I am what I ought to be.
Kevin Costner, A Passage to Shambhala|If developing ties to this world and exercising love and compassion are not the very point of us -- I cannot presume to know -- then we are at least better occupied in this way, I feel, than with the riddles of other worlds, which only prove impossible for us to solve and unhealthy even to ponder.
Deyth Banger, Code|The problem of the world is that it needs silence... compassion and passion. Once it's found, the world will be changed.
Mark McKinnon|I love the way my tattoos look. I especially love Japanese-style tattoos and being completely sleeved by them, so it's not just these little individual and unrelated pieces, but everything's working together to create a larger design.
Seymour Cassel|I'm fascinated by rap and by hip-hop. I think there's a lot of poetry in it. There's a lot of anger, a lot of social energy in it. And I think you'd better listen to it pretty carefully, 'cause it's important.
Tim Heaton|No matter how much respect, no matter how much recognition whites show towards me…as long as that same respect and recognition isn’t shown towards everyone of our people in this country–it doesn’t exist for me.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|Telling lies is a bit like tiling bathrooms - if you don't know how to do it properly, it's best not to try.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Hope|I pulled Thanos in for a kiss, surprising him. I wasn’t sure if it was our bond or the fear this might be my last kiss, but I didn’t hold anything back. I let him in. He took full advantage, plundering my mouth as if I were the last woman on Earth, which could have been a result of him being trapped in a desolate wasteland for the last five hundred years—but I decided not to overthink it.
Jennifer Lane, Spiked|Everyone plays guitar alone, but we can play side by side.
Mehmet Oz|But if you - if what - the reports are true, what they're saying is, is that as a consequence of us getting 30 million additional people health care, at the margins that's going to increase our costs, we knew that.
Poppet, Sveta|I'm in a bastard mood, so wait for her to come to me without moving. Here kitty kitty, come to the lion's den.
Debasish Mridha|Let us retreat when we can, not when we must. Lord Chatham
Maximus Freeman|Satan will always whisper don't care, be silent, you didn't do anything wrong, your better than them, your stronger than your enemies. However, a true daughter or son of God says back: I hurt so I will make it right. I was silent, but now I am ready to listen and share. I am not better because I know what I have done. I am not stronger than my enemies by hating them, but by healing them.
Robert Jordan, The Dragon Reborn|Finally! You're here!"Uh....Do I know you?"Well, no....But you're here, all the same...
Toffee, Finding Juliet|Every time I tried kissing happiness, it came very close to me and then pushed me away.
Don DeLillo, The Body Artist|Most people, including yourself, apparently, think The Moldau is about a river. It is not. It is a metaphor. It is about the progress of life, from its fragile beginnings through its joys and turbulence and on to its end, its magnificent end.
Stanisław Lem, The Futurological Congress: From the Memoirs of Ijon Tichy|Those who ignore the destructive potential of new technologies can do so only because they ignore history . Pogroms are as old as Christendom , but without railways, the telegraph and poison gas there could have been no Holocaust. (..) Scientific fundamentalism claim that science is the disinterested pursuit of the truth. But to represent science in this way is to disregard the human needs science serves. Among us science serves two needs: for hope and censorship. Today only science supports the myth of progress. If people cling to the hope of progress, it is not so much from genuine belief as from fear of what may come if they give it up.
George Eliot, Silas Marner|mysterious money had stood to him as the symbol of earthly good, and the immediate object of toil. He had seemed to love it little in the years when every penny had its purpose for him; for he loved the purpose then. But now, when all purpose was gone, that habit of looking towards the money and grasping it with a sense of fulfilled effort made a loam that was deep enough for the seeds of desire.
Charlie Huston, Sleepless|She feels "Brutal Dynasty" actually may become the Great American Novel she and her fellow critics have been looking for so long.
Barbara W. Tuchman, Practicing History:  Selected Essays|Any person who considers himself, and intends to remain, a member of Western society inherits the Western past from Athens and Jerusalem to Runnymede and Valley Forge, as well as to Watts and Chicago of August 1968. He may ignore it or deny it, but that does not alter the fact. The past sits back and smiles and knows it owns him anyway.
Tullian Tchividjian|I'm adding moves to my post game. I'm really working on staying low. I'm working on my strength overall, especially my legs. That's going to help me defensively as well.
Brigham Young|I love video games. I love, love, love them! I also love 'Star Wars.' I wish Jedi was a true religion.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Ah, the magic of music, with it, all things are possible.
Liu Yiming, Awakening to the Tao|The world by day is like European music; a flowing concourse of vast harmony, composed of concord and discord and many disconnected fragments. And the night world is our Indian music; one pure, deep and tender raga.
Dorothea Benton Frank, Isle of Palms|The most important thing I learned is that to be truly happy, you've got to pay attention to that stupid inner voice we all have. It knows what you need and will drive you shit crazy until you listen to it.
Christopher Paolini|I cannot pretend that I regard this with favor, but the purpose of life is not what we want but what needs to be done.
Cassandra Clare, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything|He knew Alec enough by now to know the conflicting impulses that warred in him. He was conscientious, the kind of person who believed that the others around him were so much more important than he was, who already believed he was letting everybody down. And he was honest, the kind of person that was naturally open about all he felt and wanted. Alec's virtues had made a trap for him; these two good qualities had collided painfully. He felt he could not be honest without disappointing everyone he loved. It was a hideous conundrum for him. It was as if the world had been designed to make him unhappy.
A.S. Byatt|History, writing, infect after a time a man's sense of himself...
Siobhan Davis, True Calling|Cassiopeia? She was a queen long ago, in a different part of the world. The stories say she was very beautiful, but very proud. Too proud. She smack-talked some goddesses and got herself stuck up there for all eternity.
