William Nicholson, Shadowlands|Here I am going to say something which may come as a bit of a shock. God doesn't necessarily want us to be happy. He wants us to be lovable. Worthy of love. Able to be loved by Him. We don't start off being all that lovable, if we're honest. What makes people hard to love? Isn't it what is commonly called selfishness? Selfish people are hard to love because so little love comes out of them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we would take the traits that characterized the Pilgrims and make them our own, we could regain hope. We could recover the spiritual and moral strength that we have lost. We could offer a thrilling challenge to our young people.
Buddy Valastro|I was actually born in L.A. My sisters and I were playing in a parking lot, and my dad was like, 'Nah, nah, nah. Let's go give 'em some grass.'
Harrison Birtwistle|The theatre only knows what it's doing next week, not like the opera, where they say: What are we going to do in five years' time? A completely different attitude.
Platon|If God is not sending earthquakes, destroying economies and inflicting pain upon human beings, what is God doing? God works through people, calling them to help their neighbors in need. God comforts His people, walking with them even 'through the valley of the shadow of death.'
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the grace of the Truth, re-examine all that you have been told.
Evelyn Underhill, Mysticism: A Study in the Nature and Development of Spiritual Consciousness|Night, the beloved. Night, when words fade and things come alive. When the destructive analysis of day is done, and all that is truly important becomes whole and sound again. When man reassembles his fragmentary self and grows with the calm of a tree.
Ruth Klüger, Still Alive: A Holocaust Girlhood Remembered|How are we ever going to understand what happens when a civilization comes apart at the seams, as it did in Germany, if we fail to see the most glaring distinctions, such as the gender gap?
Morley Callaghan|Tall and thin, Mademoiselle Baptistine was a pale and gentle person. She was the incarnation of the word 'respectable,' whereas to be 'venerable,' a woman should lso be a mother.
Mona Hodgson, The Bride Wore Blue|It has always struck me that one of the readiest ways of estimating a country's regard for law is to notice what arms the officers of the law are carrying: in England it is little batons, in France swords, in many countries revolvers, and in Russia the police used to have artillery.
Melissa de la Cruz, Stolen|Indeed, he seemed utterly unaware of his effect on the boys around him.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Shug say, What, too shamefaced to put singing and dancing and fucking together? She laugh. That’s the reason they call what us sing the devil’s music. Devils love to fuck.
Eshelle Butler, A Woman Of Courage|The revised edition of my book "A Woman Of Courage" is now available .
Albert Camus, The Stranger|Case by case, we find that conformity is the easy way, and the path to privilege and prestige; dissidence carries personal costs that may be severe, even in a society that lacks such means of control as deathsquads, psychiatric prisons, or extermination camps. The very structure of the media is designed to induce conformity to established doctrine. In a three-minute stretch between commercials, or in seven hundred words, it is impossible to present unfamiliar thoughts or surprising conclusions with the argument and evidence required to afford them some credibility. Regurgitation of welcome pieties faces no such problem.
John Lynch|All government, of course, is against liberty.
Steve Maraboli|Most people throw away their personal power... If you want to know where, look at who and what you hate, blame, resent, and envy.
Pablo Neruda, Odes to Common Things|So the freshness lives onin a lemon,in the sweet-smelling house of the rind,the proportions, arcane and acerb.
Aristotle|In poverty and other misfortunes of life, true friends are a sure refuge. The young they keep out of mischief; to the old they are a comfort and aid in their weakness, and those in the prime of life they incite to noble deeds.
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|A giant motherboard of geese,unruffled by the statepolice, swarmed in unison,in harmony...
Jeanette Winterson|If I can't stay where I am, and I can't, then I will put all that I can into the going.
Michael Meade|The only choice once your world has been torn apart is to find your genius and live with that. ‘Normal’ is out of the question. The healing for veterans, or anyone going through great tragedy, is finding your natural spirit and your genius that was waiting to be found. That can now become the cohering principle in your life. The idea of patching someone up and back into normal when they’ve had extremely abnormal experiences is a misunderstanding.
Michael Chabon, Wonder Boys|His expression became serious, and his hand almost slipped from mine. "I've had a long time to think about it.""This can't work!"He looked down, then jerked his head up in frustration as his finger tightened on mine. "I'm not asking you to marry me, Rachel. I just ..."My heart pounded, and he stepped closer, so close the scent of cinnamon and wine enveloped me."I like walking into a room and seeing your face light up when you see me," he said earnestly, the sun from the open window making his hair glow. "I like arguing with Quen over the wisdom of employing a demon to be my security."My throat caught. This wasn't going to happen, but something in me was withering. I wanted more--and I knew I couldn't have it.He touched my hair, and I twitched as he tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. “I want to wake up beside you, see your curls on my pillow. I want a chance at falling in love.” My breath came fast. That was what I wanted too, and it hurt more than I thought was possible to survive.
Dante Alighieri, Paradiso|Love, that moves the sun and the other stars
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|As I have explained in earlier chapters, abusiveness has little to do with psychological problems and everything to do with values and beliefs. Where do a boy’s values about partner relationships come from? The sources are many. The most important ones include the family he grows up in, his neighborhood, the television he watches and books he reads, jokes he hears, messages that he receives from the toys he is given, and his most influential adult role models. His role models are important not just for which behaviors they exhibit to the boy but also for which values they teach him in words and what expectations they instill in him for the future. In sum, a boy’s values develop from the full range of his experiences within his culture.
Meg Gherson|The first step in any Journey, Is the belief that the road will open up in front of you even if you cant see it....
Renee Wade|Both spouses are equal, yet different. One of the most beautiful things about a relationship is that the feminine energy can feed a masculine man’s heart. And, the masculine energy can totally light up the feminine energy.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|When you tire of living, change itself seems evil, does it not? for then any change at all disturbs the deathlike peace of the life-weary.
Don Miguel Ruiz|One may preach a covenant of grace more clearly than another... But when they preach a covenant of works for salvation, that is not truth.
S.L. Coelho|That was the one thing she knew now. Some chances came and went, and if you missed them, you could spend the rest of your life standing alone, waiting for an opportunity that had already passed you by.
Davor  Banović, Girl with Broken Umbrella|Along with Batman v. Superman and Godzilla vs. Kong, I suppose we’ll get Frankenstein vs. Dracula, and perhaps Transformers vs. G.I. Joe in the HasbroVerse, and Warcraft vs. Angry Birds in the GameVerse — not to be confused with the BoardgameVerse of Battleship vs. Risk and Chutes and Ladders vs. Candy Land.And eventually all of these shared universes will collide with all of the others, including Alien vs. Predator and Freddy vs. Jason, in a Brobdingnagian rumble pitting Jedi against Pirates of the Caribbean, Terminators against Borg, and Muppets against Smurfs, world without end. Even if for some inexplicable reason that doesn’t happen, the LegoVerse will make it happen
Kristen Stewart|People say, 'Just say who you're dating. Then people will stop being so ravenous about it.' It's like, No they won't! They'll ask for specifics.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you fail a thousand times, find a thousand and one ways to succeed.
John Gardner, On Moral Fiction|I kept thinking of her eyes, the depths of them, the way she looked right into me, and I wasn't afraid of what she'd find.
Christie Rich, Genesis|Quadruple crap. Why couldn’t I control myself? Why did he have this effect on me? “Are you compelling me right now?”To my surprise, his smile held an edge of sadness. “That would give you a much needed excuse, but I am afraid I am not.”Curse my body for reacting to his. As long as I kept him out of my heart, I would be okay.“I think it a bit too late for that, my dear.”“You’re using old man speak again.” I made a face. “It’s creepy.”He chuckled. “I’ll try to remember that, but I haven’t been around humans much in the past hundred years. It’s hard to keep up with the changes in common dialect.”“Let’s keep on topic, Jett. You were going to teach me how to control my mind.
Matt Dillon|One of my first favorite books was 'The 12 Days of Christmas,' and I would just go up to people and say, 'I can sing 'The 12 Days of Christmas,' and I would make them sit through me reciting it, and I'd go all the way, each time. I've always hooked into lyrics.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|This belief, that science eradicates (the need for) God, is a myth many people believe today. The truth is that science, the study of the world and collection of our findings, has not and cannot disprove God. There is no scientific journal that has disproven God’s existence. This is because God cannot be put in a test tube and either verified or falsified. God is a spiritual being and is outside the reach of empirical scientific research. Christians cannot prove God the existence of God with absolute certainty, nor can atheists disprove his existence with any certainty. That does not mean that we cannot look at the evidence as to whether or not God exists.
Nolan Bushnell|With improvisation, I just do it. It might be a total failure but then you just throw the dice again.
Simone de Beauvoir|Girls are weighed down by restrictions, boys with demands - two equally harmful disciplines.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I’m not made for city streets. My brogans drop soil from the field behind me, each grain of dirt like a seed revealing who I am. My heart belongs in the country. I’m a farmer, and I was shaped in the fields.
Penelope Cruz|In my dreams, whatever I am doing, I look down to see if I have prosthetics. It sets my time frame in my dream, I think. I'd have these dreams that I am running and launching myself, and I look down and see that I have prosthetics. I have a lot of those, where I do great, amazing things with my prosthetics.
Sarah Dessen, That Summer|It’s funny how one summer can change everything. It must be something about the heat and the smell of chlorine, fresh-cut grass and honeysuckle, asphalt sizzling after late-day thunderstorms, the steam rising while everything drips around it. Something about long, lazy days and whirring air conditioners and bright plastic flip-flops from the drugstore thwacking down the street. Something about fall being so close, another year, another Christmas, another beginning. So much in one summer, stirring up like the storms that crest at the end of each day, blowing out all the heat and dirt to leave everything gasping and cool. Everyone can reach back to one summer and lay a finger to it, finding the exact point when everything changed. That summer was mine.
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o, A Grain of Wheat|You can no longer see or identify yourself solely as a member of a tribe, but as a citizen of a nation of one people working toward a common purpose.
Patricia V. Davis, The Diva Doctrine: 16 Universal Principles Every Woman Needs to Know|I thought following a straight road would lead me right to my destination. Like the road would just take me there because I was following all the rules. And if the road curved, I couldn't be sure about where I was going. But look where it got me. Maybe it's time for a detour.
Henry Rollins|I think more tolerance, more people having more access to a chance to be literate, and a chance to stay healthy makes for a more peaceful planet.
Dave Cullen, Columbine|We move in response to our conversation partner’s face, and our brain also fires as we move those muscles and stirs the passions. Paralyzing the face is idiotic.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|Emotions are destructive, Ms. Dillinger. One of two things will happen to you. You will either be hurt and wish you were dead, or you will end up dead.”	Katie stopped in front of the next cooler and checked inside. “I’m human. What am I supposed to do? Just…be?”	“Welcome to the world.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|As your abilities begin to grow, your angelic side will start to manifest itself in more noticeable ways.""My angelic side. Great. Like I don't have enough to deal with.""It's not so bad," Mom says. "You'll learn to control it.""I'll learn to control my hair?
George William Curtis|My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|I've committed to nothing...and that's just suicide...by tiny, tiny increments.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If there are many thorns in your life, it is because you are a rose.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Sex is sacred if performed as a culmination of love, if done just to satisfy the lust, it indeed dents the character.
Kristin Newman, What I Was Doing While You Were Breeding|World looks narrow for great people, and world looks wide for minor people
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|The American people, and the citizens of all Western nations, have the right to know about every single thing their representatives do on their behalf. After all, elected officials are merely representing those who hold the true power (the people).
Lauren Blakely, Caught Up in Us|Are you waiting for someone to come and get you?” I whisper. I sound small and thirsty. He doesn’t answer. Instead, he bends his head and kisses me, just once, then let’s me go. When Connor would kiss Angelie in the halls last spring, he did it like he was trying to suck the chocolate off the outside of a Klondike bar. It could last for hours. This is more like seeing a star fall - thrilling and soundless and then over.
Paul Auster, Timbuktu|You wouldn't walk with your underpants stuck in your bottom, you'd adjust them. So don't treat life like ill-fitting wondering underpants, adjust it to be comfortable again
Adam Driver|Every successful sports season I had included detailed daily itineraries. We received one in the morning and one before practice, and they set us up to win.
Angie Klink, Divided Paths, Common Ground: The Story of Mary Matthews and Lella Gaddis, Pioneering Purdue Women Who Introduced Science into the Home|...she herself loved the character of Elizabeth Bennet. "I must confess that I think her as delightful a creature as ever appeared in print, and how I shall be able to tolerate those who do not like her at least, I do not know.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|I dare do all that may become a man; Who dares do more, is none
Ibn Rajab The Evil of Craving for Wealth and Status|From the subtle afflictions caused by love of status is seeking after and aspiring positions of authority – this is something whose reality is hidden and obscure. It is not understood except by those who have knowledge of Allah, those who love Him and who are at enmity with those ignorant ones from His creation who desire to compete with Him with regard to His Lordship and Divinity and right to worship, despite their despicability and the contemptible position they have before Allah and in the eyes of His chosen servants who have knowledge of Him. Know that love of status attained by having one’s orders and prohibitions obeyed and enacted, and by merely the attainment of a position above the people and to have importance overthem, and that it be seen that the people are in need of him and seek their needs from him – then the soul of this person is seeking to compete with Allah in His Lordship and His Divinity and right to worship. Some such people may even seek to put the people into such a condition of need that they are compelled to request their needs from them, and to display their poverty before them and their need of them. Then he is inflated with pride and self-importance because of that, whereas this befits none except Allah alone.
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|Women, on the other hand, had to wield their intellects like a scythe, hacking away against the stubborn underbrush of low expectations.
Georgia Clark, Parched|Quite a few soldiers . . . had ended up spending some time wrapped around each other, alone in the night. Most often, it was just for the touch of another person and not in the pursuit of an entangling relationship. In fact, when it happened there was usually an unspoken covenant which existed between soldiers to just forget whatever had happened and move on, as many preferred not to talk about how you secretly needed to curl up in basically the fetal position, tucked away with another psychologically damaged human, deep in the bowels of your tin-can refuge from the deep black, just to get through another week of it all.
Harry Shum, Jr.|No, you're not allowed to be bossy when you're married. You have to learn compromise, and compassion and patience.
Nick Bilton|The medievalist has the capacity, and the desire, to harmonize. He believes the planets sing in harmony; why cannot technology also sing?
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are well ahead of your own society, your path will seem a wrong path to your own people!
Michael J. Schiemer|You don't want to just get by, you want to get ahead. You don't want to settle for mediocrity, you want to strive for greatness. You don't want to get lost in the crowd, you want to stand out and lead the charge. Pushing the limits of your potential isn't easy, but it will be worth it.
Christopher Hitchens|It doesn't matter who came to talk to me,' he said (Barack Obama). He went on to say that I needed to realize the power of my words. I could not send emails like that because they - I am paraphrasing - freak everyone out.Developing self-awareness is a lifelong process; you don't just wake up one day and have all you need. So even though I'd spend the last few months demonstrating that I was cable and knew what I was doing, this was something of a revelation. When the president of the United States tells you your words are powerful, it can be pretty shocking. I honestly didn't think anyone would give a shit if I sent a snippy email.It was good advice, specifically to me at the time but generally as it relates to any kind of replying-all in life: Think about how what you say could affect people, from the top down. It was also a wake-up call for me about my state of mind: I didn't know why (yet) - though I'm sure I did, deep down - but my temper was getting worse, and my fuse shorter and shorter.
Angie karan|Life has a way of forcing us to grow in one way or another, constantly. We sometimes try to stem the growth by being unbending..yet, look what happens to the branches of a tree, if they refuse to bend to whims of the weather? They snap and break...If one starts to learn to be flexible and not resist life.... one steps into the kind of Mastery that is able to walk on the waters of time
Nikolai Grozni, Wunderkind|Senseless violence is a prerogative of youth, which has much energy but little talent for the constructive.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Just imagine, you’re on a stretcher in the hospital, being wheeled to the operating theatre, they inject you, put you to sleep…anaesthetic. You drift into blackness, you’re out and you’re the closest yet to death.  Then a surgeon cuts into your body, rips you open, goes deep inside. Looks within, pulls a bit out, puts bits in, sews you up. Then! If you’re lucky, you awake! Some don’t wake, this is my point, will you wake? Why should you? How can you? That’s the black hole of madness you’re in! Screaming to get out: ‘Alive’ or just ‘Sane’! You want out of it, you want to see the light!
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|Orlando naturally loved solitary places, vast views, and to feel himself for ever and ever and ever alone.
Avijeet Das|When you brought light to my darkness, I undiscovered the eclipse!
John Newberry|Many people pretend to be in thought, proving thought to be a beautiful thing. But the bald man doesn’t need a comb, the tiger doesn’t need weapons, the fool doesn’t need thought. The person with no needs is practically a sage, but the sage also needs to count the rivers across the iron bridge to pass the time. This is the difference between the sage and the fool.
Lee Child, A Wanted Man|Sometimes you must agree with someones opinion for the sake of being polite and modest, but within you, you know that you are not foolish and crazy.
Stephen Schwartz, Wicked: The Complete Book and Lyrics of the Broadway Musical|Like a comet pulled from orbit, As it passes a sun. Like a stream that meets a boulder, Halfway through the wood. Who can say if I've been changed for the better? But because I knew you, I have been changed for good It well may be, That we will never meet again, In this lifetime. So let me say before we part, So much of me, Is made of what I learned from you. You'll be with me, Like a handprint on my heart. And now whatever way our stories end, I know you have re-written mine, By being my friend... Like a ship blown from its mooring, By a wind off the sea. Like a seed dropped by a skybird, In a distant wood. Who can say if I've been changed for the better? But because I knew you, Because I knew you, I have been changed for good.
Kami Garcia, Sublimes creatures|Theres something about sitting alone in the dark that reminds you how big the world really is, and how far apart we all are. The stars look like they're close, like you could reach out and touch them. But you cant because sometimes things look alot closer than they seem
Sivaprakash Sidhu|You have to pen down and start designing your own destiny".
Hyam Maccoby|Theology is just not important in Judaism, or in any other religion, really. There's no orthodoxy, as you have it in the Catholic Church. No complicated creeds to which everybody must subscribe. No infallible pronouncements by a pope. Nobody can tell Jews what to believe. Within reason, you can believe what you like... We have orthopraxy instead of orthodoxy. Right practice rather then right belief. That's all. You Christians make such a fuss about theology, but it's not important in the way you think. It's just poetry, really, ways of talking about the inexpressible.
John Connolly, The Infernals|It is one thing to be brave in front of others, perhaps for fear of being branded a coward and becoming diminished in their eyes, but another entirely to be brave when there is nobody to witness your courage. The latter is an elemental bravery, a strength of spirit and character.
Coco J. Ginger|He cared less, so they cared more. He said it was beautiful. I knew he was broken.This was his game.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|6.4311Der Tod ist kein Ereignis des Lebens. Den Tod erlebt man nicht.Wenn man unter Ewigkeit nicht unendliche Zeitdauer, sondern Unzeitlichkeit versteht, dann lebt der ewig, der in der Gegenwart lebt.Unser Leben ist ebenso endlos, wie unser Gesichtsfeld grenzenlos ist.6.4311Death is not an event of life. Death is not lived through.If by eternity is understood not endless temporal duration but timelessness, then he lives eternally who lives in the present.Our life is endless in the way that our visual field is without limit.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Bible, divine thoughts of God.
|We are all capable of achieving success, but the fear of failure has driven many into the habit of only wishing for it.
Terry Crawford Palardy|[The moon] ... is an example of practiced stability … it wanes when it must, and reliably returns to full strength … it is a humble model of reasonable potential that I can emulate, and follow.
Sophie Jordan, Hidden|Astrology has no more useful function than this, to discover the inmost nature of a man and to bring it out into his consciousness, that he may fulfil it according to the law of light.
Orlando Bloom|I'm trying to mix the cool, independent stuff with the big stuff, but it's been difficult finding the right roles. It's been an interesting ride as far as my career pendulum is concerned.
Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry|I learned that ruling poor men's hands is nothing. Ruling men's money's a wedge in the world. But after I'd split it open a crack I looked in and saw the trick inside it, the filthy nothing, the fooled and rotten faces of rich and successful men.
RUPEE|SOMETIMES WHAT WE WANT BUT CANT GET IT, EVEN WE DO NOT TRY TO GET IT. AT LAST WE SATISFIED JUST FAILURE.
Neal Shusterman, UnWholly|Perceptual fields are limited by the attractor patterns that they're associated with. This means that the capacity to recognize significant factors in a given situation is limited by the context that arises from the level of consciousness of the observer. The motive of the viewer automatically determines what is seen; causality is, therefore, ascribed to factors that are, in fact, a function of the biases of the observer and aren't at all instrumental in the situation itself.
Toni Aleo, Overtime|I love everything about you Kacey, because the best thing in life is finding someone who knows your flaws, mistakes, difficulties, and still think you are bad-ass and loves you.
Peter Redgrove, The Black Goddess and the Unseen Real: Our Uncommon Senses and Their Common Sense|Our approach to reality, our sense of reality, cannot assume that the text of nature, the book of life, is a cryptogram concealing just a single meaning. Rather, it is an expanding riddle of a multiplicity of resonating images.
Joshua Clover, The Matrix|History is not coherent; moreover, the politics of coherence tend to drive history in the least tolerable directions.
T.J. Shaw, Caller of Light|My sweet lemming,” he murmured, nuzzling her neck and sending glorious spirals of pleasure ping-ponging throughout her body. “You’ve been quiet and that worries me.” “Why?” she asked, trailing her hand down his banded forearm to entwine her fingers within his.“Because that means you’re thinking, and a thinking woman is usually something to fear.
Kelley Armstrong, The Calling|When you accept a leadership role, you take on extra responsibility for your actions toward others.
Kate Christensen|I try not to diet because it never really works for me, if I tell myself I can't eat something then I tend to want to eat everything in sight.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|Some madness doesn't act mad to begin with, sometimes it will knock politely at the door, and when you let it in, it'll simply sit in the corner without a fuss - and grow.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|It all scares me, and it's all like clothes in a dryer that just keep rolling around in my head from one day to the next.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|The illusion of the seventh veil was the illusion that you could get somebody else to do it for you. To think for you. To hang on your cross. The priest, the rabbi, the imam, the swami, the philosophical novelist were traffic cops, at best. They might direct you through a busy intersection, but they wouldn't follow you home and park your car.
William Stafford|I heard a bird congratulating itselfall day for being a jay.Nobody cared. But it was gladall over again, and said so, again.
Pamela Clare, Defiant|[Connor to Major Wentworth, grandson of King George]"My fathers were lairds in the Highlands when yours were still farmin' kale back in Germany!
Juan Felipe Herrera|Maurice Sendak is the daddy of them all when it comes to picture books - the words, the rhythm, the psychology, the design.
Unknown Author 188, Unknown Book 10139187|I'd suggest you find something better to do with your time...” ― Unknown Author 188 advice, advice for life, life lessons, reality
Rob Liano|Until people learn to love others more than they love to hate others, not much will change in this world.
Anoop Raghav|A Maximus, the Gladiator lies in every human being. When the time comes, your Maximus within you will come out. It is not called destiny, it is an extended automatic self reflex
John Ortberg|Some people think that there aren't many Aboriginal actors around, and if there are, they're not that good. It's stupid. There's such an incredible pool of talent out there, and they're still coming out of drama schools. People just need to take a leap of faith.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|The best people always care their goodness, civility, courtesy, and fairness. But not the bad.
ابن قيم الجوزية|Truth leads to good deeds, and good deeds lead to Paradise. Falsehood leads to evil deeds, and evil deeds lead to the Fire.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|If we concern first with God’s Kingdom, we can inhabit all other kingdoms.
Kunal Narayan Uniyal|Tedium and boredom are related, but not identical. Tedium comes from a person lacking an ideology to live by; the dulling fear fomented in the soul after confronting the paucity of life.
Jacqueline Woodson, Brown Girl Dreaming|But on paper, things can live forever. On paper, a butterfly never dies.
Gary   Hopkins|Believe in what makes you Healthy, because everything else is just garbage.
Nuno Roque|I spent most of my life trying to specialize myself. I went to theater school, film school, music school, mime school ... Finally, I was able to gather enough knowledge to build the confidence to create my own work, that goes utterly against the sense of specialization.
Margaret Wild, Jinx|Jen's Mum Will WriteJen's mum writes advertising copy.She specializes in white goods:washing machines, dryers, fridges,freezers, dishwashers.She hates these applianceshulkingin corners,power-hungry and fractious.One day, she will have a wood stove,and she'll write about things that matter-she will write about birth and death,about love and the absence of love,about fathers and children,about mothers and daughters,about lovers and friends.She'll write about the whole goddamnwonderful, awful businessof loving and being loved
Rupali Desai|With your lunch box, do not forget to carry courtesy, respect, and gratitude from home!
Paul Farmer|I have not been that wise. Health I have taken for granted. Love I have demanded, perhaps too much and too often. As for money, I have only realized its true worth when I didn't have it.
Audre Lorde, Zami: A New Spelling of My Name|Innocence is an infinitely fragile thing and thought can sometimes injure, even destroy it. - Pg. 254
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|We can't deliver folks from their pits, but we can sure get in there with them until God does.
C.G. Jung|In the last analysis, the essential thing is the life of individual. This alone makes history, here alone do the great transformations take place, and the whole future, the whole history of the world, ultimately springs as a gigantic summation from these hidden source in individuals.
Tim Burton|Staring GirlI once knew a girlwho would just stand there and stare.At anyone or anything,she seemed not to careShe'd stare at the ground,She'd stare at the sky.She'd stare at you for hours,and you'd never know why.But after winning the local staring contest,she finally gave her eyesa well-deserved rest.
Irina Sopas|And in the end... Not even that old familiar sensation of emptiness. Just a hint of helplessness, a frustration for a lost time from a result prematurely injured and failed.
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|Right now, it's hard to imagine that it is raining anywhere in the world.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|I need you to know that no matter what happens, it was worth it to me. Being with you, loving you. It was all worth it.
Nancy Farmer, The House of the Scorpion|The truly scary thing about undiscovered lies is that they have a greater capacity to diminish us than exposed ones. They erode our strength, our self-esteem, our very foundation.
Lori Handeland, Nate|The sun glanced off a long, wicked looking knife in the Comanche's grip. At least Cash wouldn't have long to mourn. The other Indians held similar weapons, but they hung back as their leader knelt next to Sullivan. He muttered something, low and guttural, a single syllable that sounded like an insult, then picked up a lock of Sullivan's hair. The knife descended toward his scalp. "No!" Reese shouted. "Me." The Comanche paused and stared at him with a spark of interest, almost admiration. But that couldn't be since the Indian had no idea what Reese was saying. He continued to try anyway. "Me first." He struggled, wishing he could use his hands to point at himself. "Shut the hell up, Reese," Sullivan said. "What possible difference does it make who they kill first?" "Who knows what might happen. While they're working on me, anyone could show up and save the rest of you." "In that case, me first," Cash drawled. "Me." "No. Yo primero!""Kid, I'm the only one without a wife and far too many children. No one would miss me." "I would." The words were punctuated by the distinct sound of a rifle being cocked. All eyes turned toward the man who had appeared at the edge of the clearing. Cash's sigh of relief was in direct contrast to the sneer in his voice. "About damn time, Rev. We've been waitin' on you.
Rachel Corrie|By Rachel Corrie, aged 10 — 1990I’m here for other children.I’m here because I care.I’m here because children everywhere are suffering and because forty thousand people die each day from hunger.I’m here because those people are mostly children.We have got to understand that the poor are all around us and we are ignoring them.We have got to understand that these deaths are preventable.We have got to understand that people in third world countries think and care and smile and cry just like us.We have got to understand that they dream our dreams and we dream theirs.We have got to understand that they are us. We are them.My dream is to stop hunger by the year 2000.My dream is to give the poor a chance.My dream is to save the 40,000 people who die each day.My dream can and will come true if we all look into the future and see the light that shines there.If we ignore hunger, that light will go out.If we all help and work together, it will grow and burn free with the potential of tomorrow.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|A man breaking his journey between one place and another at a third place of no name, character, population or significance, sees a unicorn cross his path and disappear. That in itself is startling, but there are precedents for mystical encounters of various kinds, or to be less extreme, a choice of persuasions to put it down to fancy; until--"My God," says a second man, "I must be dreaming, I thought I saw a unicorn." At which point, a dimension is added that makes the experience as alarming as it will ever be. A third witness, you understand, adds no further dimension but only spreads it thinner, and a fourth thinner still, and the more witnesses there are the thinner it gets and the more reasonable it becomes until it is as thin as reality, the name we give to the common experience... "Look, look!" recites the crowd. "A horse with an arrow in its forehead! It must have been mistaken for a deer.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Have you been walking in the woods in the last few days?" Matt asked.Lola cleared her throat anxiously. What had she managed to do now, catch jungle fever? "We went hiking in the Greenhills on Wednesday. What's wrong?" Her voice sounded squeaky, so she closed her eyes and took a steadying breath."I don't suppose you've heard of poison ivy," Matt asked. He traced the curve of her knee, pushing the hem of her skirt up her thigh. "Small plant, three leaves, glossy green. Causes a rash of small bumps about a day after contact. Sound familiar?
|Whoever says that God is not great, surely hasn't called upon His Mighty name long enough to receive His heavenly blessings.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|To be acknowledged that we do not believe in their misleading notion and fallacy, today, tomorrow and forever even if it costs us our life. They have suffocated people for hundreds of years and if we don’t stop them today no one else would do it tomorrow.
Art Sobczak|In hypercompetitive world, the only way to make an impression on your customer is to break through the noise
Lysander Spooner|Texas is a great place to be rich and a terrible place to be poor. It's got the highest percentage of people without health insurance in the country. If you get injured on the job, good luck getting workers' comp. And God help you if you're poor and mentally ill.
Nikola Vaptsarov|...I was there when we opened the gates. Some of these poor wretches running out were so emaciated they actually died from the excitement of being liberated. I saw it happen several times. These people in the camps – they were like walking skeletons. You could see all their bones. The gates opened and the people ran out yelling, "I'm free! I'm free!" And some of them died right there. I was horrified to see what the SS had done to these people. - Roy Gates
Brom, The Child Thief|Christians. They’re determined to rid the land of any who worship the Horned One. Murdering all the druids, burning the temples, sometimes whole villages, and knocking over the standing stones.” The Lady’s face hardened. “This god of peace and love certainly likes to bathe the land in blood.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Service Beyond Self. Value others; have a heart of service and generosity. Rise above self-interest. Ask what you can do for others, not what they can do for you.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whether we like it or not, one day science will take God from us! This will be especially a great destruction for the weak minds!
Richard Lovelace, To Althea, from Prison|Stone walls do not a prison make, Nor iron bars a cage; Minds innocent and quiet take That for an hermitage; If I have freedom in my love And in my soul am free, Angels alone, that soar above, Enjoy such liberty.
Margaret Mallory, Claimed by a Highlander|I know you do not think very highly of me, but in some circles, I'm quite the thing.
Joel Osteen|Speak clearly, if you speak at all; carve every word before you let it fall.
Will Barnes, The Expansion of The Soul|Centered, open, and diverse, the universes correspondence to your hopes and dreams is the deliverance of your foremost thoughts and actions. Energetically you can create and destroy your immediate set of circumstances under the same laws. Posed as friends and foes, you will have obstacles, ones in which you must go through, over, under and aside sometimes to overcome. These are the stepping stones to your future reality. Overcome that which has weakened your state of mind and conquer the thoughts and actions that you have let lead your life.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|Coincidences happen, but only once
Paul Krugman|Certainly almost everything we do and think is colored in some way by memes, but it is important to realize that not everything we experience is a meme. If I walk down the street and see a tree, the basic perception that's going on is not memetic.
Veronika Jensen|everybody say's that blue eyed is a freak,but i say that my blue is unique!
Leo Tolstoy, The Kingdom of God Is Within You|In precisely the same way the specialty of government is not to obey, but to enforce obedience. And a government is only a government so long as it can make itself obeyed, and therefore it always strives for that and will never willingly abandon its power.
Mark O'Donnell, Hairspray: The Complete Book and Lyrics of the Hit Broadway Musical|Motormouth: So this is love? Well, love is a gift and a lot of people forget that. So you two better brace yourselves for a whole lot of ugly coming your way on a never ending train of stupid.Penny: So you met my mom?
Victoria Schwab, The Near Witch|Hey,' he said, touching my waist. 'Hey. It's okay.' I nodded and wiped my face with the back of my hand. 'He sucks.' I nodded again. 'I'll write you an epilogue,' Gus said. That made me cry harder. 'I will,' he said. 'I will. Better than any sh*t that drunk could write. His brain is Swiss cheese. He doesn't even remember writing the book. I can write ten times the story that guy can. There will be blood and guts and sacrifice. An Imperial Affliction meets The Prince of Dawn. You'll love it.' I kept nodding, faking a smile, and then he hugged me, his strong arms pulling me into his muscular chest, and I sogged up his polo shirt a little but then recovered enough to speak.
Joyce Meyer|[She] lost her patience, a thing she was all too prone to misplacing.
J.R.D. Tata|That morning he feels fresh-scrubbed and cleansed, as if he is being given yet another opportunity to live his life correctly.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I just can’t think of anybody abusing an animal; nor of allowing it to stay around, sick, hurt or hungry. I think that an animal is but a point short of human; and, having a skin varying but slightly from our own, will know as much pain from a whipping as would a human child. A blow upon any animal, if I am within sight, is almost as a blow upon my own body. You would think that, with that vast gap which Mankind is continually placing back of him in his onward march in improving this big world, Man would think, a bit, of his pals of hoof, horn and claw.
Collette Cameron, Highlander's Hope|It’s not goodbye, Sam. It’s see you in two days. I promise…” she said stroking his hair away from his dimpled cheek.“I’m counting on it. You will be missed,” he said as he put her hand on his chest near his heart. “You will be missed right here…
Byron Brown, Soul Without Shame: A Guide to Liberating Yourself from the Judge Within|As in most families, the mere struggle to have anything of one's own, to be one's self at all, creates an element of strain that keeps everybody almost at the breaking point.
Jennifer Dukes Lee, Love Idol: Letting Go of Your Need for Approval - and Seeing Yourself Through God's Eyes|There's a choice?""Always. It's the outcome that sadly limits things.
Genesis Quihuis|My next option is to only write a list of the books I like, but then again, I don’t read a book I don’t like so it doesn’t solve any of my problems.
Cece Bell, El Deafo|And being different? That turned out to the best part of all. I found that with a little creativity, and a lot of dedication, any difference can be turned into something amazing. Our differences are our superpowers.
Andrzej Sapkowski, The Last Wish|This is overdue. Quite a bit, I'm afraid. I apologize. We moved to Topeka when I was very small, and Mother accidentally packed it up with the linens. I have traveled a long way to return it, and I know the fine must be large, but I have no money. As it is a book of fairy tales, I thought payment of a first-born child would be acceptable. I always loved the library. I'm sure she'll be happy there.
Jim McGovern|All of my life I have stayed away from violence and the instruments of violence, and have seen a legal, democratic struggle as the only means to achieve change.
Joanna Walsh, Vertigo|There are so many of you, and you are still just the way I thought I'd grow up, with all that was enviably grown-up about you: the lace tops with modesty inserts, and the spangles as if for nights out, the stiff hair, the cardigans grown over with a fungus of secondary sexual characteristics--bristling with embroidery and drooping with labial frills.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|See the world as it is, not as you wish it would be
Paul Oxton|If you are not filled with overflowing love, compassion and goodwill for all creatures living wild in nature, You will never know true happiness.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|I live in my mind, such that whatever destroys me shall be a creature of my own invention.
Frazier Glenn Miller, A White Man Speaks Out|You don`t have to do anything. Why worry? It`s all god`s plan anyway. Just love everyone and believe. Be a limp-wristed wimp and recruit others to be the same. But, give unto Caesar that which is Caesar`s. When Caesar says drop bombs on christian babies in Berlin, or Muslim babies in Iraq, it`s okay. When Caesar says open your borders to tens of millions of dark immigrants, or to bus your children to jungle neighborhoods, or to accept legalized pornography an the abortion murder of babies, then it is Caesar`s responsibility, not the Christian`s. So don`t concern yourselves. 
Akira Mizuta Lippit, Electric Animal: Toward a Rhetoric of Wildlife|If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Happiness is like the rainbows of life... Rainbows aren't real. You can't walk up and touch one. It's a trick of light. That doesn't mean you've never seen one. And I bet every time it's happened, you smiled.
Robert A. Heinlein|There are a dozen different ways of delivering destruction in impersonal wholesale, via ships and missiles of one sort or another, catastrophes so widespread, so unselective, that the war is over because that nation or planet has ceased to exist. What we do is entirely different. We make war as personal as a punch in the nose. We can be selective, applying precisely the required amount of pressure at the specified point at a designated time . . . .We are the boys who go to a particular place, at H-hour, occupy a designated terrain, stand on it, dig the enemy out of their holes, force them then and there to surrender or die. We're the bloody infantry, the doughboy, the duckfoot, the foot soldier who goes where the enemy is and takes him on in person. We've been doing it, with changes in weapons but very little change in our trade, at least since the time five thousand years ago when the foot sloggers of Sargon the Great forced the Sumerians to cry "Uncle!"Maybe they'll be able to do without us someday. Maybe some mad enius with myopia, a bulging forehead, and a cybernetic mind will devise a weapon that can go down a hole, pick out the opposition, adn force it to surrender or die--without killing that gang of your own people they've got imprisoned down there. I wouldn't know; I'm not a genius, I'm an M.I. In the meantime, until they build a machine to replace us, my mates can handle that job--and I might be some help on it, too.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|And just as he said of me, the thing that his heart desired was not the thing that he professed to want.
Melissa Marr, Graveminder|You mean something like ‘truth or dare’? I haven’t played that in a long time.” She didn’t think he would ever get himself entangled in a game like that, but it was addictive, a compromising icebreaker featuring all the strategy of Poker, minus the cards, mixed with a dash of danger from Russian Roulette, without the revolver.
Akansh Malik|Maa" The only word that holds power to give you strength when you are in pain.
Sulaiman Sait, THE BLIND TRIAL|His mind was constantly thinking about her, while he decided to recite a poem that he had written for her long ago. While he narrated, the words conjured memories like ghosts into the room.
Kamand Kojouri|Your attention is so sacred that if you truly look for beauty and grace, you will find it in everything.
Jason Reitman|Is Valentine's Day a day to make cupcakes with your children? No, Valentine's is supposed to be a day about romantic love.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I know why there is no glass, in front of the watercolor picture of blue irises, and why the window opens only partly and why the glass in it is shatter-proof. It isn't running away they're afraid of. We wouldn't get far. It's those other escapes, the ones you can open in yourself, given a cutting edge.
Allan Bloom, The Closing of the American Mind|Error is indeed our enemy, but it alone points to the truth and therefore deserves our respectful treatment.
Tig Notaro|It's simple: You get a part. You play a part. You play it well. You do your work and you go home. And what is wonderful about movies is that once they're done, they belong to the people. Once you make it, it's what they see. That's where my head is at.
P.T. Macias|It was crazy. One minute my arms were around him in a very platonic friendly hug, the next, I was on fire, and no matter how he much touched me, it was not enough.
Javier Sierra, The Master of the Prado|With so much "Moos" from the herd, how you gon' get heard?
William Stafford|Literature is not a picture of life, but is a separate experience with its own kind of flow and enhancement.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Untalented people, unintelligent people go into politics. Those who are talented become artists, painters, poets, philosophers, mystics, dancers. They have a thousand and one other beautiful things to do, not politics. Only the third rate, the most unintelligent part of a country, moves into politics.
Richard Adams, Shardik|... that's how life should be, when one person loses heart, the other must have heart and courage enough for both.
Theodore Sturgeon, The Complete Stories of Theodore Sturgeon, Volume III: Killdozer!|I thumped her on the back, picked her up and dropped her on top of her dungarees. “Put them pants on,” I said, “and be a man.” She did, but she cried quietly until I shook her and said gently, “Stop it now. I didn’t carry on like that when I was a little girl.” I got into my clothes and dumped her into the bow of the canoe and shoved off.All the way back to the cabin I forced her to play one of our pet games. I would say something—anything—and she would try to say something that rhymed with it. Then it would be her turn. She had an extraordinary rhythmic sense, and an excellent ear.I started off with “We’ll go home and eat our dinners.”“An’ Lord have mercy on us sinners,” she cried. Then, “Let’s see you find a rhyme for ‘month’!”“I bet I’ll do it … jutht thith onthe,” I replied. “I guess I did it then, by cracky.”“Course you did, but then you’re wacky. Top that, mister funny-lookin’!”I pretended I couldn’t, mainly because I couldn’t, and she soundly kicked my shin as a penance. By the time we reached the cabin she was her usual self, and I found myself envying the resilience of youth. And she earned my undying respect by saying nothing to Anjy about the afternoon’s events, even when Anjy looked us over and said, “Just look at you two filthy kids! What have you been doing—swimming in the bayou?”“Daddy splashed me,” said Patty promptly.“And you had to splash him back. Why did he splash you?”“ ’Cause I spit mud through my teeth at him to make him mad,” said my outrageous child.“Patty!”“Mea culpa,” I said, hanging my head. “ ’Twas I who spit the mud.”Anjy threw up her hands. “Heaven knows what sort of a woman Patty’s going to grow up to be,” she said, half angrily.“A broad-minded and forgiving one like her lovely mother,” I said quickly.“Nice work, bud,” said Patty.Anjy laughed. “Outnumbered again. Come in and feed the face.
Atom Tate|If the Nazis are Socialists simply because they call themselves Socialists, then North Korea really is a Democratic Republic.
Jason Elliot, The Network|I notice I am taking risks with my own security and losing my sensitivity to danger. I don't know it at the time, but the effects of war are reaching into me in unexpected ways, and I am being changed by them. I am surrounded by destruction and the randomness of death, which I cannot fathom. I have felt the closeness of death as tangibly as the whisper of a murderous seducer, and felt the richness, twinged by guilt, of having escaped its grasp. I have seen too often the numb lost look of men consumed by undiluted grief, and heard the howl of children as their mothers are pulled from the rubble of a rocket-blasted home, and I am coming to understand the long dark pain of those who silently endure what first seems unendurable.
C.G. Jung|That you find Kierkegaard "frightful" has warmed the cockles of my heart. I find him simply insupportable and cannot understand, or rather, I understand only too well, why the theological neurosis of our time has made such a fuss over him. You are quite right when you say that the pathological is never valuable. It does, however, cause us the greatest difficulties and for this reason we learn the most from it.
Stefan Molyneux|If you spend time with crazy and dangerous people, remember – their personalities are socially transmitted diseases; like water poured into a container, most of us eventually turn into – or remain – whoever we surround ourselves with. We can choose our tribe, but we cannot change that our tribe is our destiny.﻿
Stephen McAndrew, Why It Doesn't Matter What You Believe If It's Not True: Is There Absolute Truth?|Having personality does not mean being violent, rather honouring life by taking a stand. In this era so devoid of values, where people think it is safe to do everything that comes to mind, there is a need for purity. Man can and must have direction. Jews and Catholics must work together to help the man who suffers, and most importantly, look ahead.
Lepota L. Cosmo|We sing lyrical excess, exacerbated expressionism, imponed objectivity,inventiveness, meta-baroque, extravaganza, super metaphor, sublimity, strident, exposure, super-pone, noise, super-objectivity, zillionism, fragmentation and aesthetics of facts, suractivism.
Steven Galloway, The Cellist of Sarajevo|When the facts change, I change my mind. What do you do, sir?
John Poindexter|The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed.
Thomas Dekker|The strength of self-reliance and self-development is that of science and technology, and the shortcut to implementing the five-year strategy is to give importance and precedence to science and technology.
Harsh Malik|Age never matters when there is a will to learn more will to learn better.!!Always remember, every success story begins with a START.!!Anyone can desire but there are few who DESERVE.!!Anyone can desire, be the one who DESERVE.!!
Charles Kennedy|Republicans working in leadership and the trenches are largely old, white, male, out-of-touch, out of ideas, technology averse, and living in the past.
Erin Hanson|It's not the endings that will haunt youBut the space where they should lie,The things that simply fadedWithout one final wave goodbye.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Look, without our stories, without the true nature and reality of who we are as People of Color, nothing about fanboy or fangirl culture would make sense. What I mean by that is: if it wasn't for race, X-Men doesn't sense. If it wasn't for the history of breeding human beings in the New World through chattel slavery, Dune doesn't make sense. If it wasn't for the history of colonialism and imperialism, Star Wars doesn't make sense. If it wasn't for the extermination of so many Indigenous First Nations, most of what we call science fiction’s contact stories doesn't make sense. Without us as the secret sauce, none of this works, and it is about time that we understood that we are the Force that holds the Star Wars universe together. We’re the Prime Directive that makes Star Trek possible, yeah. In the Green Lantern Corps, we are the oath. We are all of these things—erased, and yet without us—we are essential.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|The child you hold in your arms is your gift to a future that you will not see. Therefore, we must turn a blind eye to ourselves and selflessly pour the best of ourselves into our children while rigorously sifting out the worst of ourselves. And once we are utterly spent by such daring gestures, we will shockingly discover the resulting emptiness as astonishingly filled.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|I was sitting, starring into the sky with a tear in my eye thinking: what a beautiful world that the MAKER has allowed us to enjoy for a moment - not to destroy - to enjoy. So let us remove the strife, seize the moments we are blessed with and love this life.
John Keats, Keats: Poems|Maybe that's how it starts. You stumble upon something that helps you cope, fills a void. Makes you feel something different than what you currently feel. You know in the long run it probably won't be good for you, but you do it anyway. Tell yourself you can handle it.
Rick Perlstein|Whatever you think about his intelligence, what's unquestionable is that Reagan had extraordinary emotional intelligence. He could sense the temperature of a room, and tell them a story and make them feel good. And that's more fun, right? It's more fun to feel good than feel bad. That's part of our human state.
D.B.C. Pierre, Vernon God Little|For all the sirens, game-show buzzers, and drum-rolls of life, it is the nature of men to die quietly.
Maria Mitchell|I'm learning English at the moment. I can say 'Big Ben', 'Hello Rodney', 'Tower Bridge' and 'Loo'.
Sandra Neil Wallace|Milkers don’t spend half as long with their mothers." Eli spread his chore coat over Little Joe. "Not more than a few weeks. Sometimes one day. Maybe not even ... If you were a peeper, it’d be even worse. They don’t even get to see their mamas. They’re still jelly beans when they’re left alone to hatch.
Michele Bardsley, I'm the Vampire, That's Why|Patrick: Is fear rith maith nά drochseasamh.Jessica:And that means what?Patrick: A good run is better than a bad stand.Jessica: Oh. And that means what?Patrick: It means, Jessica, that life is about choices. Sometimes you fight, sometimes you flee, but you never surrender.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you see a child starving and you think government failed. But I think God failed , could not even fill the hunger of a child.
Brooke Hayward, Haywire|When it came to portraying couples who never directly connected, the Newmans were the Olympic gold champions
Richard Connell|All the habits of Man are evil. And above all, no animal must ever tyrannise over his own kind. Weak or strong, clever or simple, we are all brothers. No animal must ever kill any other animal. All animals are equal.
Fred Frith|If you desire ease, forsake learning.
Amy Poehler|If you are lucky, there is a moment in your life when you have some say as to what your currency is going to be. I decided early on it was not going to be my looks.
William Blake, The Complete Poems|Thoughts as warm as a silky summer rain, flowing over the edge of my soul's gentle.not tides returning them along the shoreline to laughing gulls.
Robert Penn Warren|The job of the poet is to render the world - to see it and report it without loss, without perversion. No poet ever talks about feelings. Only sentimental people do.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|In breaking away from the familiar and the expected, you'll be forced and privileged to face greater challenges, learn harder lessons, and really get to know yourself.
Isaac Hayes|I've always been a fan of movies well before I got involved in the industry. The magic that it brings and being able to, I guess, escape your troubles, escape whatever is going on in life and getting to live in this moment and in the story and live in the lives of these characters.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Most people have an abundance of dreams, but lack the courage to follow them. Help them find that courage by inspiring them with yours.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|What do you take me for? That fool Socrates, who upheld the law at the cost of his own death – just to be ironic? I suspect that act was actually the result of his secret embarrassment of his hideous nose.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Choosing to interpret all your experiences from a place of love will allow you to strengthen and empower yourself, while moving closer to the divine light.
Ann Brashares, The Second Summer of the Sisterhood|Carmen: “I want you to leave me alone, but not ignore me. I want you to miss me when I go away to college, but not be sad. I want you to stay exactly the same, but not be lonely or alone. I want to do the leaving, and not have you ever leave me.
Seth Dickinson, The Traitor Baru Cormorant|Trust, like money, needed a guarantee to back it.
Kim Jong-un|My mother and stepfather were married 43 years, so I have watched a long marriage. I feel like I had a very good role model for that. And, you know, it's just a number.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Origin|Nancy was so thrilled, I thought she was going to kiss me—and I thought I was actually going to have to hit a chick.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God’s manifest His mighty power, when we absolute depend on Him.
Bill Goldberg|I have spent my life on the road waking in a pleasant, or not so pleasant hotel, and setting off every morning after breakfast hoping to discover something new and repeatable, something worth writing about.
Morrissey|God, come down, if you're really there -Well, you're the one who claims to care!
Ilchi Lee, Calligraphic Meditation for Everyday Happiness|What appear to be depravity, injury, or extinction are merely traces of memory and experience obscuring the soul. These are merely shadows of the soul, never its substance. The soul itself is always pure and whole.
Rachel Joyce, The Love Song of Miss Queenie Hennessy|If ever there was a metaphor to illustrate the importance of the journey over the destination, it is life itself.For everyone who departs from birth is destined for death, so the journey IS life. Savor it!
Scott Adlerberg, Graveyard Love|Don't come, I was thinking now. Wherever you are, stay there. Because with her reduced to a fantasy, I could imagine a wonderful meeting. I could see her smiling, tossing her red-haired head, staring at me with inquisitive eyes. I'd say something meaningful to her, and she'd melt for me. Reality could not live up to that.
Olawale Daniel|Network marketing is not for everyone because, NOT EVERYONE has goals. Stop trying to make everyone around you goal-oriented.
Edward Said|All knowledge that is about human society, and not about the natural world, is historical knowledge, and therefore rests upon judgment and interpretation. This is not to say that facts or data are nonexistent, but that facts get their importance from what is made of them in interpretation… for interpretations depend very much on who the interpreter is, who he or she is addressing, what his or her purpose is, at what historical moment the interpretation takes place.
Sarah Wendell, Everything I Know About Love I Learned from Romance Novels|To quote French author Francois Mauriac, 'Tell me what you read and I'll tell you who your are' is true enough, but I'd know you better if you told me what you reread.
Anne Tyler, Breathing Lessons|Past is past... no it's not! People are always fond of saying that, but what's past is never past; not entirely.
Robert T. Kiyosaki|Real estate investing, even on a very small scale, remains a tried and true means of building an individual's cash flow and wealth.
Marcel Proust, Swanns Way|He had so long since ceased to direct his life toward any ideal goal, and had confined himself to the pursuit of quotidian satisfactions, that he had come to believe, though without ever formally stating his belief even to himself that he would remain all his life in that condition, which only death could alter.
Ramana Pemmaraju|If a ruler who wants to act honourably is surrounded by unscrupulous men, his downfall is inevitable.
Torkel Brekke, Faithonomics: Religion and the Free Market|Since the 1970s, there has been a continual tendency to over-estimate the surveillance capacities of new technologies. In the sense of the physical invasion of privacy, surveillance comprises five sequential events: the capacity to observe; the act of observation; comprehension of what is seen; intervention on the basis of that knowledge; and a consequent change of behaviour by the subject. Too often the final four have been assumed from the possibility of the first.
Herman Koch|I sometimes heard the parents of Michel's playmates sigh about how, after a busy day, they really needed "a moment to themselves." The children were in bed at last, and then came the magic moment, and not a minute earlier. I've always thought that was strange, because for me that moment began much earlier. When Michel came home from school, for example, and everything was as it should be.
Tom Rachman, The Imperfectionists|When she realizes that Nigel is having an affair, her first sentiment is satisfaction that she figured it out. Her second is that, despite all the palaver about betrayal, it doesn't feel so terrible.This is pleasing--it demonstrates a certain sophistication. She wonders if his fling might even serve her. In principle, she could leave him without compunction now, though she doesn't wish to. It also frees her from guilt about any infidelities she might wish to engage in. All in all, his affair might prove useful.
Kelly Rowland|Do your best, one shot at a time and then move on. Remember that golf is just a game.
Elizabeth George, A Wife After God's Own Heart|Your assignment from God is not to change your husband, but to love, follow, assist, and minister to him.
Jenny  Lawson, Let's Pretend This Never Happened: A Mostly True Memoir|It's true, I did say I wanted girlfriends," I capitulated hesitantly, "but couldn't we start with something smaller and less terrifying? Like maybe spend a weekend at a crack house? I heard those people are very nonjudgmental, and if you accidentally say something offensive you can just blame it on their hallucinations.
Karl Marx|Only in community with others has each individual the means of cultivating his gifts in all directions; only in the community, therefore, is personal freedom possible.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Contextual awareness represents a continuum of behaviors, which illustrates how and why groups of people unite or divide among cultures.
Lacey Alexander, Bad Girl by Night|I know we planned to walk down to Schubert's for burgers, but can we go upstairs first?' She raised her eyebrows. 'What for?' 'Because I need to be inside you. Like...now.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Religion is a means of exploitation employed by the strong against the weak; religion is a cloak of ambition, injustice and vice . . . . Truth breaks free, science is popularized, and religion totters; soon it will fall, in the course of centuries--that is, tomorrow. . . . In good time we shall only have to deal with r
Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success|The striking thing about Ericsson’s study is that he and his colleagues couldn’t find any ‘naturals,’ musicians who floated effortlessly to the top while practicing a fraction of the time their peers did. Nor could they find any ‘grinds,’ people who worked harder than everyone else, yet just didn’t have what it takes to break the top ranks. Their research suggests that once a musician has enough ability to get into a top music school, the thing that distinguishes one performer from another is how hard he or she works. That’s it. And what’s more, the people at the very top don’t work just harder or even much harder than everyone else. They work much, much harder. The idea that excellence at a complex task requires a critical minimum level of practice surfaces again and again in studies of excellence. In fact, researchers have settled on what they believe is the magic number for true expertise: ten thousand hours.
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life-Giving Mom: Replacing My Worst with God's Best|We honor our kids most when, while we guide or discipline them, we give them this gift of unconditional love by accepting them and respecting them for who they are, first and foremost.
Ginger Rogers|You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
Steven Magee|She knew what she was, but she wasn’t fully Unseelie. She was half human and that was the part that mattered the most.
Michael Dirda|We play everybody's Christmas records at our house, and sometimes you think, 'I'm not gonna play my own record; I'd be embarrassed.' But I'm gonna play our record this Christmas, because I love the songs!
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|Working with the morning pages, we begin to sort through the differences between our real feelings, which are often secret, and our official feelings, those on the record for public display.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Krishnamurtis Notebook|There is something about wills which brings out the worst side of human nature. People who under ordinary circumstances are perfectly upright and amiable, go as curly as corkscrews and foam at the mouth, whenever they hear the words 'I devise and bequeath.
Marilyn Monroe|Looking back, I guess I used to play-act all the time. For one thing, it meant I could live in a more interesting world than the one around me.
Philen Naidu, My Life My Africa|Every man reaches his destination, if he just keeps walking
George Orwell, 1984|A fundamental difference between modern dictatorships and all other tyrannies of the past is that terror is no longer used as a means to exterminate and frighten opponents, but as an instrument to rule masses of people who are perfectly obedient. Terror as we know it today strikes without any preliminary provocation, its victims are innocent even from the point of view of the persecutor. This was the case in Nazi Germany when full terror was directed against Jews, i.e., against people with certain common characteristics which were independent of their specific behavior. In Soviet Russia the situation is more confused, but the facts, unfortunately, are only too obvious. On the one hand, the Bolshevik system, unlike the Nazis, never admitted theoretically that it could practice terror against innocent people, and though in view of certain practices this may look like hypocrisy, it makes quite a difference. Russian practice, on the other hand, is even more "advanced" than the German in one respect: arbitrariness of terror is not even limited by racial differentiation, while the old class categories have long since been discarded, so that anybody in Russia may suddenly become a victim of the police terror. We are not concerned here with the ultimate consequence of rule by terror—namely, that nobody, not even the executors, can ever be free of fear; in our context we are dealing merely with the arbitrariness by which victims are chosen, and for this it is decisive that they are objectively innocent, that they are chosen regardless of what they may or may not have done.
Ayn Rand|When you are asked to love everybody indiscriminately, that is to love people without any standard, to love them regardless of whether they have any value or virtue, you are asked to love nobody.
Patti Williams, Author|Like a splendid mosaic of myriad colors, she in all her hues of sensitivity would paint her feelings in your mind’s gray skies. She was the butterfly making you run after her. She was the Zahir, a mirage that transcended borders and time-zones.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|There are just three things that you can do with Money: save, give, or invest. Somehow in here in America, with all our creativity, we have invented a fourth use for money: we can squander it
Roger Federer|My kind of wanting to be funny didn't come from need, necessarily. The closest I can analyze it is that it was an easy way to make friends, I found out. It was just a great kind of social tool.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|The sacred tree, the sacred stone are not adored as stone or tree they are worshipped precisely because they are hierophanies, because they show something that is no longer stone or tree but sacred, the ganz andere or 'wholly other.
George Sand, Correspondance|Le vrai est trop simple, il faut y arriver toujours par le compliqué."[Letter to Armand Barbès, 12 May 1867]
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|These dear souls came not to Sabbath school because it was popular to do so, nor did I teach them because it was reputable to be thus engaged. Every moment they spent in that school, they were liable to be taken up, and given thirty-nine lashes. They came because they wished to learn. Their minds had been starved by their cruel masters. They had been shut up in mental darkness. I taught them, because it was the delight of my soul to be doing something that looked like the bettering the condition of my race
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|You’d really give up your big, swanky apartment?”“If you don’t want to move in there with me, yes.”“But you love your apartment.”“I love you more, dumb ass.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|Men must endureTheir going hence, even as their coming hither.Ripeness is all.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Cat Who Walks Through Walls|Marrying Gretchen is a good idea, darling; I would enjoy bringing her up. Teaching her to shoot, helping her with her first baby, coaching her in how to handle a knife, working out with her in martial arts, all the homey domestic skills a girl needs in this modern world.
Susan C. Young|When we don’t qualify, it may be the perfect time to ask, “Do I really want it?” If you’re dedicated to making it happen, the only way you can fail is to stop trying. Be creative. Be constructive. Re-qualify. Never give up if it is for something you deeply, passionately, and enthusiastically desire
Forrest Curran|Our journey is our breath that makes up the seconds, the emotions that are in the minutes, and our purpose that make up the hours. Stay true to yourself in each moment, and remain vigilant to your purpose in every instant. Our journey begins with the first breath and thereby by every breath that follows.
Jan Mckingley Hilado, Rich Real Radical: 40 Lessons from a Magna Cum Laude and a College Drop Out|Everyone defends his treasure, and will do so automatically.The real questions are, what do you treasure, and how much do you treasure it? Once you have learned to consider these questions and to bring them into all your actions, you will have little difficulty in clarifying the means. The means are available whenever you ask. You can, however, save time if you do not protract this step unduly. The correct focus will shorten it immeasurably.
Ronald Reagan|We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Deyth Banger|After all, nobody could get out from the dangerous place, something was going bad and I could be felt... (Hidden 2015)
Vincent van Gogh|It always strikes me, and it is very peculiar, that, whenever we see the image of indescribable and unutterable desolation—of loneliness, poverty, and misery, the end and extreme of things—the thought of God comes into one's mind.
Thomas Sowell|An education system suits some more than others. It can lead you out into life or lead you on a wild goose chase. It can help to make you miserable, or dull and nasty and insipid, or profoundly stupid in the special way that 'brainy' people can be.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A birthday is a glorious day filled with good laughter, gladness and great memories.
Fakeer Ishavardas|The unwholesome may be otherwise, but the Whole is ever holy.
Wendy Owens, The Guardians Crown Parts One and Two|Michael felt as if his heart might burst. With the death of the council he had felt as though he had lost everything that mattered to him, but here in his arms, he found the last piece of hope he had left in the world. “We have to go back and help Gabe.
Mikhail Shishkin, Письмовник|There's a threshold of pain, a person loses consciousness in order not to die. And there's a threshold of grief, it suddenly stops hurting. And you feel nothing. Nothing at all.
Siri Mitchell, She Walks in Beauty|When I was a child, Mama had the best voice of all the members of the church. She had loved to sing. Her words had soared like an angel's over the swells of the organ. In fact, I now suspected, her entire theology had been taken from the hymnal.
Agatha Christie, Sad Cypress|When you're in the middle of a nightmare, something ordinary is the only hope. Anyway, ordinary things are the best. I've always thought so.
Howard Rheingold|Personal computers were created by some teenagers in garages because the, the wisdom of the computer industry was that people didn't want these little toys on their desk.
Mary Lindsey, Haven|He didn’t miss them. He didn’t miss any of his life, really, especially the last year. Time had simply been a bookmark. Something that held his place while he waited to finish the story.
Tijan, Home Torn|Frowning I playfully blow a fresh handful of bubbles at him as we walks back out, laughing over his shoulder at me.
Emma Mildon, The Soul Searcher's Handbook: A Modern Girl's Guide to the New Age World|That—this—is Orion’s secret. It’s not that the ship isn’t working, that we’re never going to make it.It’s that the ship has already arrived.We’re already here! There—there—is the planet that will be our home!It floats, so bright that it hurts my eyes. Giant green landmasses spread out across blue water, with swirls and wisps of clouds twirling over top. At the edge of the planet, where it turns away from the suns and starts to darken, I can see bright flashes of light—bursts of whiteness in the darkness—and I think: Is that lightning? In the center, where the light of the suns makes the planet seem to glow from within, I can see, very distinctly, a continent. A continent. On one edge, it’s cracked and broken like an egg, dark lines snaking deep into the landmass. Rivers. Lots of them. Maybe something too big to be rivers if I can see it from here. Fingers of land stretch out into the sea, and dots of islands are just out of their grasp. That area will be cool all the time, I think. Boats can go along the rivers, up and down. We can swim in the water.Because already, I can see myself living there. Being there.On a planet that looks up at a million suns every night, and at two every day.I want to scream, shout with joy. But the air is so thin now.Too thin.I’ve spent too long looking at Orion’s secret.The boop . . . boop . . . boop . . . fades away. There’s nothing to warn about now.Because there’s no air left.My sight is rimmed with black. My head pulses with my heartbeat, which sounds as loud to me as the alarm once did. I turn from the planet—my planet—and start pulling, hand over hand, against the tether, toward the hatch. The ship bobs in and out of my vision as my whole body jerks. I’m panicked now and fighting to stay awake. I try to suck in air, but there’s nothing there to suck. I’m drowning in nothing.
L. Lionel Kendrick|One of the luckiest things that can happen to you in life is, I think, to have a happy childhood.
Igor Stravinsky|When you work you are a flute through whose heart the whispering of the hours turns to music. Which of you would be a reed, dumb and silent, when all else sings together in unison?
Sarah Burton|How do people relate to movies now, when they're on portable devices or streaming them? It's not as much about going to the movies. That experience has changed.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Criticisms, Reflections and Maxims of Goethe|He who receives an idea from me, receives instruction himself without lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine, receives light without darkening me. That ideas should freely spread from one to another over the globe, for the moral and mutual instruction of man, and improvement of his condition, seems to have been peculiarly and benevolently designed by nature, when she made them, like fire, expansible over all space, without lessening their density in any point, and like the air in which we breathe, move, and have our physical being, incapable of confinement or exclusive appropriation.
Pat Schneider, How the Light Gets in: Writing as a Spiritual Practice|Jesus said, “But when you pray, go into your room and shut the door and pray to your Father who is in secret.
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|Maybe you've understood by now that for men like myself, that is, melancholy men for whom love, agony, happiness and misery are just excuses for maintaining eternal loneliness, life offers neither great joy nor great sadness.
Ally Carter, Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover|The hallway felt like time itself, and Patricia Buckingham and I were standing at opposite ends-her looking back on all she'd seen, me wondering what lay ahead.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Sympathetic joy is a practice. It takes time and effort to free ourselves of the scarcity story that most of us have learned along the way, the idea that happiness is a competition, and that someone else is grabbing all the joy.
Truman Capote, Truman Capote: Conversations|To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the music the words make.
Eugene England|A simpler form of the same objection consists in saying that death ought not to be final, that there ought to be a second chance. I believe that if a million chances were likely to do good, they would be given.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you don't know yourself, you may easily blow away opportunities meant for your success! Know who you are made of and save your dreams from premature death!
Larry McMurtry|Screws fall out all the time, the world is an imperfect place.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|In essence, innovation is the use of something that is new and unique, and you are able to create its business value.
Alan Cohen|As long as you allow your past to haunt you, you'll never be free to pursue your future. You won't even be able to focus on your present.
Heather Brooke|Al Unser Sr. was one of the smartest drivers I've ever raced against. And I often said, I wish I could've had some of his patience. I know it would have worked for me many times.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I made a conscious effort to name my needs and desires. To carefully listen to and accurately identify what I felt. Hunger, exhaustion, cold, lower-back ache, thirst. The ephemeral pangs: wistfulness and loneliness. Rest fixed most things. Sleep was my sweet reward. I treated bedtime as both incentive and sacrament.
Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven|But love your enemies, do good to them, and lend to them without expecting to get anything back. Then your reward will be great, and you will be sons of the Most High, because he is kind to the ungrateful and wicked” (Luke 6:35).
Cameron West, First Person Plural: My Life as a Multiple|Janna knew - Rikki knew — and I knew, too — that becoming Dr Cameron West wouldn't make me feel a damn bit better about myself than I did about being Citizen West. Citizen West, Citizen Kane, Sugar Ray Robinson, Robinson Crusoe, Robinson miso, miso soup, black bean soup, black sticky soup, black sticky me. Yeah. Inside I was still a fetid and festering corpse covered in sticky blackness, still mired in putrid shame and scorching self-hatred. I could write an 86-page essay comparing the features of Borderline Personality Disorder with those of Dissociative Identity Disorder, but I barely knew what day it was, or even what month, never knew where the car was parked when Dusty would come out of the grocery store, couldn't look in the mirror for fear of what—or whom—I'd see. ~ Dr Cameron West describes living with DID whilst studying to be a psychologist.
Nayyirah Waheed|Just because someone desires you, it does not mean that they value you.Read it over.Again.Let those words resonate in your mind.
Rachel Deering|The evil that is in the world always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence, if they lack understanding. On the whole, men are more good than bad; that, however, isn't the real point. But they are more or less ignorant, and it is this that we call vice or virtue;
Sarah Dunn|If your diet is dialed in, you can train in a pretty subpar manner and still get passable results. On the other hand, if your training is fantastic but your diet is crap, you have a harder road ahead of you.
Marcel Schwob, The Book of Monelle|Do not be surprised,' she said. 'It is I, and it is not I; You shall find me again, and you shall lose me; Once more shall I come among you; for few men have seen me, and none has understood me; And you shall forget me, and you shall recognize me, and you shall forget me.
Stacey Kade, The Ghost and the Goth|She shrugged and flipped her glossy hair behind her shoulders. "What else do you have to do with your time besides think about stuff like this? It's not like you're real heavy into extracurriculars. Besides, you're all, like, goth and into the dead, right?"Alona Dare, queen of the insult-compliment. "Wow. Thanks. Anyone ever tell you you're good with people?"She frowned. "No.""Good. I'm not goth.""Your hair is black, you have piercings, you wear black all the time and act all freaky-""My hair is naturally this color. I have three earings in one ear, that's it. This shirt" -I tugged at the fabric across my chest- "is navy blue, and if I act weird all the time, it's because of ghosts like you.
Simon Bolivar|Is being single hard? It depends where your mind is. If you are focused, being single is an enjoyable experience, but if you hate being alone, you'll hate being single. I think it depends on the individual are where they are in life.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|Why does it have to be like this?' I asked bitterly. 'Why does life have to be so short, with all the good things passing quickly. Is it worth living at all?
A.E. Samaan, From a "Race of Masters" to a "Master Race": 1948 to 1848|The Pledge of Allegiance (1892) was the origin of the raised arm salute adopted later by the National Socialist German Workers Party (Nazis). The Pledge was written by Francis Bellamy, cousin to Edward Bellamy (the author), and both were self-proclaimed national socialists in the United States. The original Pledge began with a military salute that was then extended out toward the flag. In practice, the second gesture was performed palm down. The gesture was not an ancient Roman salute. All of these are discoveries of the symbologist Dr. Rex Curry (author of "Pledge of Allegiance Secrets").
C. JoyBell C.|I've always liked Belgian waffles, but I must say, I didn't think I would one day be having Belgian waffles in Belgium! I just sort of POOF found myself there and there I was with a gigantic Belgian waffle in my hands, standing on a sidewalk in Belgium!
Frank Herbert, Dune|Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|....a good book can teach you about the world and about yourself. You learn more than how to read better; you also learn more about life. You become wiser. Not just more knowledgeable - books that provide nothing but information can produce that result. But wiser, in the sense that you are more deeply aware of the great and enduring truths of human life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Immorality is glorified today. The Scripture teaches that God hates immorality! The ideal of purity is scorned, immorality is laughed at in school—“God is old-fashioned!” What else can we expect but that thousands of our young people are growing up to be immoral?7
Fred Kaplan, The Singular Mark Twain: A Biography|As became a young sinner, Sam [Mark Twain] had a special interest in Satan. He asked his Sunday school teacher questions about Eve in the garden, wondering "if he had ever heard of another woman who, being approached by a serpent, would not excuse herself and break for the nearest timber." Twain recalled, "He did not answer my question, but rebuked me for inquiring into matters above my age and comprehension.
Charles M. Blow|Trump’s America is not America: not today’s or tomorrow’s, but yesterday’s.Trump’s America is brutal, perverse, regressive, insular and afraid. There is no hope in it; there is no light in it. It is a vast expanse of darkness and desolation.And that is a vision of America that most of the people in this country cannot and will not abide.
A.J. Flowers, Fallen to Grace|He towered over the Queen with his wings fanned out. Azrael realized he was threatening her, like a peacock intimidating its adversary.
Mahatma Gandhi|What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans and the homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or in the holy name of liberty or democracy?
Ibrahim Emile|Everyone needs to calm down! Okay, you got a weird cookie. So what? I don’t mean to swat your ego here, buddy, but this smacks a little narcissistic for me. God is not trying to communicate to you through a cookie. It doesn’t work that way. God’s not all Jack-and-the-magic-beans and tooth-beneath-the pillow voodoo. You don’t just close your eyes, flap open your Bible, and slam a steak knife into a verse. It’s that sort of thinking that leads to witch trials and Senate probes.
Epictetus, Enchiridion and Selections from the Discourses|He who exercises wisdom, exercises the knowledge which is about God.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|This self-confident generation has produced more alcoholics, more drug addicts, more criminals, more wars, more broken homes, more assaults, more embezzlements, more murders, and more suicides . . .it is time all of us . . . begin to take stock of our failures, blunders, and costly mistakes. It is about time that we place less confidence in ourselves and more trust and faith in God.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|There were pecans, there were cashews and then there was just plain nuts.
Khalil Gibran|Plato is my friend; Aristotle is my friend, but my greatest friend is truth.
Joseph Campbell, An Open Life: Joseph Campbell in Conversation with Michael Toms|You really can't follow a guru. You can't ask somebody to give The Reason, but you can find one for yourself; you decide what the meaning of your life is to be. People talk about the meaning of life; there is no meaning of life--there are lots of meanings of different lives, and you must decide what you want your own to be.
Aristotle|Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
Andrea Lavinthal, Your So-Called Life: A Guide to Boys, Body Issues, and Other Big-Girl Drama You Thought You Would Have Figured Out by Now|Unfortunately, some family members are so psychotic that no matter how hard you try to forge a healthy relationship, nothing will help. Now that you're an adult, take refuge in the fact that some things are beyond your control. You owe it to yourself to steer clear of people who are harmful to your health.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|I didn’t know. I feel sometimes like…there are all these rules. Just to be a person. You know? You’re supposed to carry a shoulder bag, not a backpack. You’re supposed to wear headbands, or you’re not supposed to wear headbands. It’s okay to describe yourself as likeable, but it’s not okay to describe yourself as eloquent. You can sit in the front of the school bus, but you can’t sit in the middle. You’re not supposed to be with a boy, even when he wants you to. I didn’t know that. There are so many rules, and they don’t make any sense, and I just can’t learn them all
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|so that the monotonous fall of the waves on the beach, which for the most part beat a measured and soothing tattoo to her thoughts seemed consolingly to repeat over and over again...
Roland Huntford, The New Totalitarians|Such is the control, and such the public mentality, enjoyed by the Swedish planners. The rulers of the Soviet Union, although favoured by despotic power, are not so fortunate. Obstructively resentful of officialdom, the Russian, in the words of the Spanish saying, has always known how orders are 'to be obeyed but not carried out'. To the Swede, that sort of compromise is downright immoral. His elected leaders have received those political blessings denied the autocrats in the Kremlin: compliant citizens and an unopposed bureaucracy.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|everybody feels the evil, but no one has courage or energy enough to seek the cure
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Written over the gate here are the words 'Leave every hope behind, ye who enter.' Only think what a relief that is! For what is hope? A form of moral responsibility. Here there is no hope, and consequently no duty, no work, nothing to be gained by praying, nothing to be lost by doing what you like. Hell, in short is a place where you have nothing to do but amuse yourself.
Sunday Adelaja|Judgment refers to a sound mind. When there is no sound mind in a society, people in that society don’t think straight. They are perverted in their thoughts
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You must love. When you love, you have self control. When you have self control, you have freedom. Freedom leads to intimacy sharing. Remember you are responsible for your own choice, decision and limit.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|Lacey?" He bowed his head until his face was inches from mine. His smile was still in place, and as his eyes swept over my face, it widened. "Uh-oh. Did you break?
Jean-Dominique Bauby, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly|Seated here in contemplations lost, my thought discovers vaster space beyond, supernal silence and unfathomed peace
Rainer Maria Rilke|Solitude is the path to visit yourself, it is the path to yourself!
Ramana Maharshi|What I call my 'self' now is hardly a person at all. It's mainly a meeting place for various natural forces, desires, and fears, etcetera, some of which come from my ancestors, and some from my education, some perhaps from devils. The self you were really intended to be is something that lives not from nature but from God.
Edmund S. Morgan|In proportion as the machine is improved and performs man's work with an ever increasing rapidity and exactness, the labourer, instead of prolonging his former rest times, redoubles his ardour, as if he wished to rival the machine. O, absurd and murderous competition!
Jake Vander-Ark, Lighthouse Nights|sometimes life isn’t worth the pain. i’m going for a swim. goodbye, my love.
R. A. Delmonico|Power and control are an illusion, all we have are the relationship of measured things and incomplete descriptions.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|this blue shirt i have is practically the same color as my jeans, and looking all-blue is something only cookie monster can pull off.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Once we open our eyes to the infinite magic that the universe has in abundance, we are sure to be enthralled by what we see and this miraculous creation gets us closer to our dreams and to the world as a whole.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|An average man is egoistic, proud and has strong self esteem. They always require partners who massage their ego not those who will drag their ego to the mud.
Clare Vanderpool|Speed is simply the rite that initiates us intoemptiness: a nostalgic desire for forms to revert to immobility, concealed beneath the very intensification of their mobility. Akin to the nostalgia for living forms that haunts geometry.
Peter Siviglia, Writing Contracts: A Distinct Discipline|If you don't have integrity, you have nothing. You can't buy it. You can have all the money in the world, but if you are not a moral and ethical person, you really have nothing.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Abe held my gaze a bit longer and then broke into an easy smile. ʺOf course, of course. This is a family gathering. A celebration. And look: hereʹs our newest member.ʺ Dimitri had joined us and wore black and white like my mother and me. He stood beside me, conspicuously not touching. ʺMr. Mazur,ʺ he said formally, nodding a greeting to both of them. ʺGuardian Hathaway.ʺ Dimitri was seven years older than me, but right then, facing my parents, he looked like he was sixteen and about to pick me up for a date. ʺAh, Belikov,ʺ said Abe, shaking Dimitriʹs hand. ʺIʹd been hoping weʹd run into each other. Iʹd really like to get to know you better. Maybe we can set aside some time to talk, learn more about life, love, et cetera. Do you like to hunt? You seem like a hunting man. Thatʹs what we should do sometime. I know a great spot in the woods. Far, far away. We could make a day of it. Iʹve certainly got a lot of questions Iʹd like to ask you. A lot of things Iʹd like to tell you too.ʺ I shot a panicked look at my mother, silently begging her to stop this. Abe had spent a good deal of time talking to Adrian when we dated, explaining in vivid and gruesome detail exactly how Abe expected his daughter to be treated. I did not want Abe taking Dimitri off alone into the wilderness, especially if firearms were involved. ʺActually,ʺ said my mom casually. ʺIʹd like to come along. I also have a number of questions—especially about when you two were back at St. Vladimirʹs.ʺ ʺDonʹt you guys have somewhere to be?ʺ I asked hastily. ʺWeʹre about to start.ʺ That, at least, was true. Nearly everyone was in formation, and the crowd was quieting. ʺOf course,ʺ said Abe. To my astonishment, he brushed a kiss over my forehead before stepping away. ʺIʹm glad youʹre back.ʺ Then, with a wink, he said to Dimitri: ʺLooking forward to our chat.ʺ ʺRun,ʺ I said when they were gone. ʺIf you slip out now, maybe they wonʹt notice. Go back to Sib
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|If quick, I survive.If not quick, I am lost.This is "death.
Doug Larson|I'm a big fan of gallows humor. When my aunt passed away, she was in a coma for a day before my cousins pulled the plug. And the amount of joking and base humor that went on that day around her bed was so insane. It's crazy how people talk when something horrible is happening.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|The only people who can ever put ideas into context are people who don't care; the unbiased and apathetic are usually the wisest dudes in the room. If you want to totally misunderstand why something is supposedly important, find the biggest fan of that particular thing and ask him for an explanation. He will tell you everything that doesn't matter to anyone who isn't him. He will describe paradoxical details and share deeply personal anecdotes, and it will all be autobiography; he will simply be explaining who he is by discussing something completely unrelated to his life.
Reza Aslan, No god but God: The Origins, Evolution and Future of Islam|Einige Leute gedenken Allah beim Essen, während andere beim Beten an das Essen denken. Beide essen und beten, sind aber so weit entfernt voneinander, wie es die Himmel von der Erde sind. Some people remember Allah when they are eating while some people think about food when they are praying. Both eat and pray, but they are as far apart from each other as the heavens are from the earth.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|She realized that Rowan saw each of those thoughts and more as he reached into his tunic and pulled out a dagger. Her dagger. He extended it to her, it's long blade gleaming as if he'd been secretly polishing and caring for it these months.And when she grasped the dagger, it's weight lighter than she remembered, Rowan looked into her eyes, into her very core of her, and said, 'Fireheart'.
Neal Shusterman, Everfound|Mooooon!” said the Ogre. “Tranquility …” Then he pointed at the full moon. “Neil Armstrong walked in a sea of Tranquility.” Then he added, “It’s made of cheese. But you have to take off the plastic before you put it on a burger.”Mickey sighed.“What’s his story?” the wraith asked.“He’s chocolate,” Mikey said.
Jim Rohn|Being brave means to know something is scary, difficult, and dangerous, and doing it anyway, because the possibility of winning the fight is worth the chance of losing it.
William Blake|If the doors of perception were cleansed, everything would appear to man as it is - infinite.
Aristotle|In South Korea, they believe that when you turn 60, you've become a baby again and the rest of your life should be totally about joy and happiness, and people should leave you alone, and I just think that that's the height of intelligence.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Plateaus are a manifestation of the law of diminishing returns, and when we reach one it simply means that it is time to adjust our methods.
Emma Nichols, Sin at Sea|I understand now, why sometimes, you have to lose happiness to find it again…
Sharron Angle|Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|Though your dream may be birth by you, it has eternal potential to impact lives and generations even after you.
Marcus Luttrell|I come from a family where soccer has always been very present. My uncles, my father and my brother were all players.
Tiffany McDaniel, The Summer that Melted Everything|The morning after my mother’s death, I was surprised to see the sunrise. From behind the curtain of my bedroom window I was surprised to see the people leave their homes and begin the day. Downstairs, the hands of the grandfather clock continued to tick, marking each passing hour with a chime that echoed over the black and white chessboard tiles of the front hall. I was surprised to see the mail come at the same time as the day before and, later that evening, the sun set once more as it did since the beginning of time. My mother’s death did not disturb the planets in their courses. And, though everything kept moving like she never existed at all, my world erupted into chaos until the universe swirled around me like a whirlpool of scattering stars.
Dave  Wilson, Masterly Batting: 100 Great Test Innings|Considering the fact that the Harappan script may have been proto-Brahmi, the underlying language to be expected should be Sanskrit, or proto-Sanskrit, or derivatives of Sanskrit. Many of the rules of evolution that apply to scripts are equivalently true for languages too. Like scripts, languages too render themselves to similar evolutionary inspections, as they too carry imprints of their journey down the ages.
Terry Wogan|A talk show is about having a look at a famous face, a bit of stand-up comedy, knockabout stuff - an interview is what Barbara Walters or Connie Chung does in the States, in-depth, done properly.
Heather Corinna, S.E.X.: The All-You-Need-To-Know Progressive Sexuality Guide to Get You Through High School and College|Not only weight loss surgery is unnecessary but also it deprives human being a normal life. People after surgery would never be able to enjoy their food ever for the rest of their life whether it is Christmas or they are on their holidays or their child birthday or any other festival. List of problems and complications after the weight loss surgery operation are endless as one may get additional problems such as Hernia, Internal Bleeding, Swelling of the skin around the wounds, etc. I wonder how many weight loss surgeons advice about weight loss surgery to their own family members.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Harold had become, over the past week, a connoisseur of silences. He was an expert at differentiating the particulars; was this a Tranquil Silence, marked by slow sighs and peaceful smiles? Or was it a Tired Silence, marked by ornery chair shifting? Or a Tense Silence, full of tight breaths and cautious glances?
Charles L. Whitfield, Boundaries and Relationships, Knowing, Protecting and Enjoying the Self|By choosing recovery and risking to be real, we set the healthy boundaries that say, "I am in charge of my recovery and my life, and no one else on this Earth is.
Richard Feynman|For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.
Heather Graham, Home in Time for Christmas|Actually, Jake said, isn't life what we make it, wherever we are, whenever we may be - wherever it is that we are?
Colin Nissan|I believe in Supreme Being, a Creator, whoever he may be, it's of no importance to me, who put us here on earth to do our duty as citizens and fathers; but I don't need to go to church and kiss silver platters and dig into my pocket to fatten up a lot of humbugs who eat better than you or I do! Because he can be worshiped just as well in a wood, a field, or even just gazing at the ethereal vault, like the ancients.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a Scientist Who Found Himself by Getting Lost|Every man is subconsciously promiscuous, but it is the conscious mind that keeps those primordial urges in check. A healthy brain creates a healthy mind, which keeps your relationship strong, safe and healthy.
Lexi Blake, A Dom is Forever|However impatient she might be in the day, however filled with little sudden angers, at night she was all tenderness.
Charles Le Gai Eaton, King of the Castle: Choice and Responsibility in the Modern World|So many ruins bear witness to good intentions which went astray, good intentions unenlightened by any glimmer of wisdom. To bring religion to the people is a fine and necessary undertaking, but this is not a situation in which the proposed end can be said to justify the means. The further people have drifted from the truth, the greater is the temptation to water down the truth, glossing over its less palatable aspects and, in short, allowing a policy of compromise to become one of adulteration. In this way it is hoped that the common man – if he can be found – will be encouraged to find a small corner in his busy life for religion without having to change his ways or to grapple with disturbing thoughts. It is a forlorn hope. Standing, as it were, at the pavement’s edge with his tray of goods, the priest reduces the price until he is offering his wares for nothing: divine judgement is a myth, hell a wicked superstition, prayer less important than decent behaviour, and God himself dispensable in the last resort; and still the passers-by go their way, sorry over having to ignore such a nice man but with more important matters demanding their attention. And yet these matters with which they are most urgently concerned are, for so many of them, quicksands in which they feel themselves trapped. Had they been offered a real alternative, a rock firm-planted from the beginning of time, they might have been prepared to pay a high price.
Michele Jennae|With wine ideas flow, without ideas wine flows.
John Ruskin|No one can get an education, for of necessity education is a continuing process.
Clive Barker|The importance of solitude is to help you to differentiate your own thoughts from those you have studied, read, heard, or unintentionally absorbed.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|The eye of true equality often seems to have some degree of disrespect for the supposedly accomplished, privileged high and lofty to the supposedly accomplished, privileged high and lofty, although in reality, it's simply irrespectiveness.
Donna Lynn Hope|She’s a sickness in my head.”Then get well.What you feel is self-made and attended to over time. You want to let go but are unwilling to let go because you are getting something from it; An escape? An excuse? Bondage?You are idealizing another person, building up the idea of them, and making them a legend in your own mind.Is it really a sickness or something you can control?The question is: do you even want to?Each time a thought creeps into your mind, you choose whether to give it freedom to remain or to wander. You can rebuke it or replace it. After all, it’s your mind.
Genieve Dawkins|Great treasures bring out great greed in the hearts of men and great greed has been the downfall of many nations. - from "Opoponax Dreams
Ilchi Lee, Human Technology: A Toolkit for Authentic Living|When peace has thoroughly permeated our brain, mind, and body, we can create it as our reality. I firmly believe that every person is a peacemaker, once thy have developed their self-awareness and creativity. Peace must not be left to government leaders or gurus. It must spring from the brains, hands, and minds of the people.
Shannon L. Alder|Its circumference was tiny, but he had a life, and he would not give it up.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|You can truly have it all, just not all at the same time.
Aaron Neville|My favorite was the one about 'Snow White'. Those funky little guys with the beards. The poisonous apple. And that cool mirror the evil stepmother used to talk to. You know, she'd ask it all these questions: Who's the nicest? Who's the sweetest... Who's the fairest of them all? And for a while, everything was hunky-dory.
Yogi Berra, When You Come to a Fork in the Road, Take It!: Inspiration and Wisdom from One of Baseball's Greatest Heroes|Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
Christopher Paul Meyer, Icarus Falling: The True Story of a Nightclub Bouncer Who Wanted to Be a Fucking Movie Star But Settled for Being a Fucking Man|Another abstinence book claims, "A woman is far more attracted by a man's personality, while a man is stimulated by sight. A man is usually less discriminating about those to whom he is physically attracted.
Robin McKinley, The Hero and the Crown|If you are not going to be a comfort, have the decency to be an empty space.
Rehan Waris|What you need, is an Event, to remember for a lifetime.
Solon|The more difficulties one has to encounter, within and without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be.
Frederik Pohl, Man Plus|I was worried about sex," he went on. "But you know what, Sulie? It's like being told I can't have any caviar for the next couple years. I don't even like caviar. And when you come right down to it, I don't want sex right now. I supposed you punched that into the computer? 'Cut down sex drive, increase euphoria'? Anyway, it finally penetrated my little brain that I was just making trouble for myself, worrying about whether I could get along without something I really didn't want. It's a reflection of what I think other people think I should want.
Gustav Stickley|In architecture, Palladio is the game. It means hard thought all through - if it is labored, it fails.
Milan Kundera|And they...LIVED! Life isn't always ‘Happily Ever After’, rather, loving FOREVER, regardless.
Claude Lévi-Strauss|[T]here is really nothing 'out there' to get because, already, within this moment, everything is whole and complete.
Colleen McCullough, The Thorn Birds|There is a legend about a bird which sings just once in its life, more sweetly than any other creature on the face of the earth. From the moment it leaves the nest it searches for a thorn tree, and does not rest until it has found one. Then, singing among the savage branches, it impales itself upon the longest, sharpest spine. And, dying, it rises above its own agony to outcarol the lark and the nightingale. One superlative song, existence the price. But the whole world stills to listen, and God in His heaven smiles. For the best is only bought at the cost of great pain… Or so says the legend.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|I want my own will, and I wantsimply to be with my will,as it goes toward action.And in the silent, sometimes hardly moving times,when something is coming near,I want to be with those who knowsecret things or else alone...I want to unfold.I don’t want to be folded anywhere,because where I am folded,there I am a lie.
Allie Brosh|It’s weird for people who still have feelings to be around depressed people. They try to help you have feelings again so things can go back to normal, and it’s frustrating for them when that doesn’t happen.
Eric Topol|Of course, the medical profession doesn't like D.I.Y. anything.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|I'm human. That's how humans spend their time, doing shitty things.
Winston S. Churchill|If this long island story of ours is to end at last, let it end only when each one of us lies choking in his own blood upon the ground.
Holly Hood, Polar|If I'd been a cowboy, it might've ended well.Somewhere on the ramble, I'm sure I'd have to sellMy guns along the highway. My coins to the table To make a gambler's double, I'd double debts to pay.Prob'ly shrink and slink away, It mightn't've ended well.What If I'd been a sailor? I think it might've ended well.From August to MayFor a searat of man drifting through eternal blue, aboard the finest Debris.I might've called the shanties. From daybreak to storm's set, lines stay Taught, over rhythm unbroken.But, oh, there's a schism unspoken, a mighty calling of the lee.An absentminded Pirate, unaccustomed to the sea;To the land, a traitor. I think it mightn't've ended well. What might've worked for me? What might've ended well?Soldier, to bloody sally forth through hell?Teacher of glorious stories to tell?Man of gold, or stores to sell?Lover to a gentle belle? Maybe a camel;A seashell.What mightn't've been a life where it mightn't've ended well?
Bryn Greenwood, All the Ugly and Wonderful Things|I had several girlfriends, but nothing lasted. I’d date one for a few months, and then start thinking: This isn’t what I want.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|It is this, not the spirits, that frightens us; shall we never be free, even after we die?
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind," Leviticus says. From where I was standing, though, there was no "lying with mankind" going on; it looked more like "one mankind plowing another mankind from behind.
Rae Carson, The Bitter Kingdom|You look beautiful," Alodia says. I startle at the compliment. Then I smile. "I’m beautiful to the one person who matters."She nods. "Hector’s mouth is going to drop open when he sees you.”“I hope so. But I meant me. I’m beautiful to me.
Will Thomas|America's state religion, is patriotism, a phenomenon which has convinced many of the citizenry that 'treason' is morally worse than murder or rape.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|Patience, friend. They're coming for you.
Nadine Gordimer|They say (she had read somewhere) that no one ever disappears, up in the atmosphere, stratosphere, whatever you call space--atoms infinitely minute, beyond conception of existence, are up there forever, from the whole world, from all time.
Yotam Ottolenghi|Republicans are relentless and they're smart, too - they're not all dumb - and on Election Day, they'll be up at five in the morning.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|In all proper relationships there is no sacrifice of anyone to anyone... Men exchange their work by free, mutual consent to mutual advantage when their personal interests agree and they both desire the exchange. If they do not desire it, they are not forced to deal with each other. They seek further. This is the only possible form of relationship between equals. Anything else is a relation of slave to master, or victim to executioner.
John Irving, Last Night in Twisted River|For the sake of my country, and perhaps a little for the sake of my soul, I have given up the deep peace of being in opposition.
Scott Hastie|The light needs only our trustAnd, of course, the darknessTo work its eternal alchemy.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,& Sharing the success with all!
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|All differences in this world are of degree, and not of kind, because oneness is the secret of everything.
R. M. Drake|Somewhere inside that hurting body, there is something better, something stronger, something real.
Kurt Elling|The great work must inevitably be obscure, except to the very few, to those who like the author himself are initiated into the mysteries. Communication then is secondary: it is perpetuation which is important. For this only one good reader is necessary.
Salman Rushdie|Students are rewarded for memorization, not imagination or resourcefulness.
Leonard Slatkin|I welcome and seek your ideas, but do not bring me small ideas; bring me big ideas to match our future.
Ilchi Lee, Bird of the Soul|The Soul bird sang:"My beloved Jay, Look into my eyes. Look deeply, and you will remember hope.You will remember the power of your mind,The great power, big as the sky, that makes all things possible. Look straight into my eyes.I can restore to you the hope you've lost.I can enable restore to you the hope you've lost. I can enable you to meet your infinite, eternal min. That is what I can do for you.I am your soul.I, who restore your lost hope, am your soul.
Dr. Seuss|Fill your house with stacks of books, in all the crannies and all the nooks.
Sydney Croft, Riding the Storm|Evil is a disease able to spread from one person to another, as each convinces the other that might makes right, moral short-cuts are good things, and your enemies are not human but other
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When gorillas smell danger, they run around and call out to the rest of the primates in the jungle to warn them something evil is coming. And when one of their own dies, they mourn for days while beating themselves up in sadness for failing to save that gorilla, even if the cause of death was natural. And when one colony is mourning, their chilling echoes migrate to other colonies — and those neighbors, even if they are territorial rivals, will also grieve with them. When faced with a common danger, rivals turn into allies. And when faced with death, the loss of just one gorilla becomes the loss of the entire jungle.
Sunday Adelaja|We must all have a ministry we can function in, no matter how small
Kathryn E. Livingston, Yin, Yang, Yogini:  A Woman's Quest for Balance, Strength, and Inner Peace|care for your body as you care for your home, and care for your home as you care for your body.
Khaled Hosseini|For you, a thousand times over!
Lydia Dare, The Taming of the Wolf|Within moments she stood naked before him,aside from her garters and stockings."Why is it that ye always strip me bare but leave these things on?" she asked absently as he stepped back to work at his own clothing."To give you something to complain about?" he said with a big grin.
Iris Murdoch, Under the Net|As soon as we are alone,...inner chaos opens up in us. This chaos can be so disturbing and so confusing that we can hardly wait to get busy again. Entering a private room and shutting the door, therefore, does not mean that we immediatel;y shut ou all our iner doubts, anxieities, fears, bad memories, unresolved conflicts, angry feelings and impulsive desires. On the contrary, when we have removed our outer distraction, we often find that our inner distraction manifest themselves to us in full force. We often use the outer distractions to shield ourselves from the interior noises. This makes the discipline of solitude all the more important.
Horace Greeley|It is impossible to enslave, mentally or socially, a bible-reading people. The principles of the bible are the groundwork of human freedom.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When people are not passionate about their goals, everything is more of a struggle.
Atul Purohit|After a while you learn the difference between holding a hand and falling in love.. You begin to learn that kisses don't always mean something, Promises can be broken just as quickly as they are made, and goodbyes sometime really are forever!
Samantha Young, Down London Road|Cam and I just broke up."Cam laughed, hugging me even tighter into his side.I huffed, trying to wriggle free. "What are you doing?""Getting back together with you.
Andrew Barrett, A Long Time Dead|Stay home and the crooks win. They get the night, by default and concession, the night which should rightly belong to all of us.
Sarah J. Maas|That was when they noticed that every musician on the stage was wearing mourning black. That was when they shut up. And when the conductor raised his arms, it was not a symphony that filled the cavernous space.It was the Song of Eyllwe.Then Song of Fenharrow. And Melisande. And Terrasen. Each nation that had people in those labour camps.And finally, not for pomp or triumph, but to mourn what they had become, they played the Song of Adarlan. When the final note finished, the conductor turned to the crowd, the musicians standing with him. As one, they looked to the boxes, to all those jewels bought with the blood of a continent. And without a word, without a bow or another gesture, they walked off the stage.The next morning, by royal decree, the theatre was shut down.No one saw those musicians or their conductor again.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|Everywhere is home, let is go home
Sunday Adelaja|In today's world, a strong pair of hands is no longer enough for men to succeed just as a beautiful face doesn't guarantee lasting love for women. Times have changed. People now look for values everywhere. From their government to their lovers. From their phones to even the websites they visit. The 21st century game is played around value. It is slightly shifting from the package-era of the 20th century. This is one of the reason for the huge instability that has affected the modern society. From instability in relationships to quick changes in government. Value, in today's world is the difference maker between the things that will stay and the ones that won't.
Margaret Fuller|Many people have their reputations as reporters and analysts because they are on television, batting around conventional wisdom. A lot of these people have never reported a story.
Pharrell Williams|Preventing global warming from becoming a planetary catastrophe may take something even more drastic than renewable energy, superefficient urban design, and global carbon taxes.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|He may be a Christian by common profession; but, in a saving sense, no man is a Christian, in whose soul any thing hath a greater and higher interest than God the Father, and the Mediator (352).
Theodore Roethke, The Collected Poems|I wake to sleep, and take my waking slow. I feel my fate in what I cannot fear. I learn by going where I have to go.
Kat Green, Strings|Money can't buy true love. Those promises. A real person who loves you, loves you from the heart.
Brian Leaf, Misadventures of a Garden State Yogi: My Humble Quest to Heal My Colitis, Calm My ADD, and Find the Key to Happiness|The more you know, the more you don't know," the further you go in your training, learning, and experience as a yoga teacher, the more you'll realize that there's an infinite universe of knowledge and wisdom to bring to the practice.
Catherine Coulter, Tail Spin|You know, a cell phone's like a guy; if you don't plug him in every night, charge him good, you got nothing at all.
Keith Ablow, Denial|We are, all of us, crippled and twisted. Most of us strive desperately to keep our grotesqueries out of sight and mind. Our suffering is transformed by an alchemy of the soul into addiction, ulcers, strokes, hatred, even war.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|...she could not stick by the golden mean...was always anxious to experiment in extremes...to find out what was enough by indulging herself in too much." (Gordon Lameyer)
Pamela Grim, Just Here Trying to Save a Few Lives: Tales of Life and Death from the ER|We even save a few lives, but only a fraction of the lives that need to be saved. Soon, we will leave and when we leave there will be nothing to take our place. The meningitis epidemic, cholera, measles, typhoid fever, all preventable diseases, will return and continue as before. The only solution is a political solution, national public health programs, responsible corporations who reap only as much as they sow. Shell Oil with a conscience. Nigeria doesn't need us. What we do here is less than nothing. We take the pressure off the powers that be, making it easier for those who plunder to keep on plundering. This is the humanitarian aid paradox.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It's harder to pick and choose when you're dead. It's like a photograph, you know. It doesn't matter as much.
Safa Shaqsy, The Finite|When my stomach grumbled, I filled up on hamburgers, hot dogs, gyros, tacos, jerk chicken, pizza, and a side salad because I was watching my figure
Danielle Monsch, The Rooftop: A Story of Fallon and Reign|He looked her over with blatant intent, his gaze containing an edge that had her swallowing hard before she could stop herself. "Do you know what I think?" he said at last."I live to hear such things."He stepped forward, only a handful of steps, but enough that the full force of his gaze grabbed and held held hers, enough that she could almost believe she could fell his breath, hear the beat of his heart under his chest. "I think I am done with anticipation.
Criss Jami|He is terribly bright; he is handsome; he is charming; and you have spoiled him horribly. In other words, he has all the makings of a true monster.
Ale3ia|Λαθρανθρωπία = το να συν~κατα~λέγεται λαθραῖα ἒνα ἂτομο/α, στο εἲδος των ἀνθρῶπων.~ Lathranthropia = the smuggled inclusion of a person or persons within the Human species. neology by Ale3ia
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|If you try and lose then it isn't your fault. But if you don't try and we lose, then it's all your fault.
M.J. Ryan, Attitudes of Gratitude: How to Give and Receive Joy Every Day of Your Life|Tea- The sweetness of love,The fragrance of flowers,The comfort of a friend,The warmth of a hug-Such great delight gingerly poured from a single pink teapot.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is no battle or engagement with any institution, company or government; it is always an engagement of ideas.
Graham Chapman, Monty Python and the Holy Grail (Book): Mønti Pythøn Ik Den Hølie Gräilen|When danger reared its ugly head, He bravely turned his tail and fled.
Harrish Sairaman|If you open your eyes in the morning, it is just another day of opportunity to improve your Life!
Billy Strayhorn|As a kid I quite fancied the romantic, Bohemian idea of being an artist. I expect I thought I could escape from the difficulties of maths and spelling. Maybe I thought I would avoid the judgement of the establishment.
Henry James, Washington Square|Circumambulate the city of a dreamy Sabbath afternoon. Go from Corlears Hook to Coenties Slip, and from thence, by Whitehall, northward. What do you see?—Posted like silent sentinels all around the town, stand thousands upon thousands of mortal men fixed in ocean reveries. Some leaning against the spiles; some seated upon the pier-heads; some looking over the bulwarks glasses! of ships from China; some high aloft in the rigging, as if striving to get a still better seaward peep. But these are all landsmen; of week days pent up in lath and plaster— tied to counters, nailed to benches, clinched to desks. How then is this? Are the green fields gone?
Edward S. Greenberg, The Struggle for Democracy|Still others worry that news organizations may pull their punches when reporting about the activities of their corporate parents or partners. Will ABC News go easy on problems at Disney, for example, which owns ABC?
Krzysztof Kieslowski|I didn't see myself any different from my white counterparts in school. I just didn't! I thought I could do what they did. And what I didn't do well, I thought people were going to give me the opportunity to do well, because maybe they saw my talent, so they would give me a chance. I had no idea that they would see me completely different.
|Don't be troubled or discouraged by your weaknesses, because we all have them. Change them gradually as you move higher and higher to the pinnacle of your true destiny.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|What are we going to do when we get into the temple, anyway? Are we going to fight our way through the Necromancers on our
H.L. Mencken|On the 26th of January 1950, we are going to enter into a life of contradictions. In politics we will have equality and in social and economic life we will have inequality.In politics we will be recognizing the principle of one man one vote and one vote one value.In our social and economic life, we shall, by reason of our social and economic structure, continue to deny the principle of one man one value.How long shall we continue to live this life of contradictions? How long shall we continue to deny equality in our social and economic life? If we continue to deny it for long, we will do so only by putting our political democracy in peril. We must remove this contradiction at the earliest possible moment or else those who suffer from inequality will blow up the structure of political democracy which this Assembly has so laboriously built up.
Patrick Overton|If you play it safe in life, you've decided that you don't want to grow anymore.
Trevor Ravenscroft, The Spear of Destiny|I have tried to understand what crucifixion must feel like. I just know that the pain must be beyond what I have ever experienced. I respect, love, and trust the One who endured all this when He didn't have to. I understand Jesus with my heart, and the rest of the world can think of Him as it will.
S.E. Cupp|You can either buy clothes or buy pictures," she said. "It's that simple. No one who is not very rich can do both. Pay no attention to your clothes and no attention at all to the mode, and buy your clothes for comfort and durability, and you will have the clothes money to buy pictures.
Mark F. LaMoure|You are the artistic painter of your success. Paint your life day-by-day, into the masterpiece of excellence you want.
Robert Redford|I started modeling when I was - not older, but not 12. I have a mom who's a feminist - she's an English professor, an intellectual. She really gave me the equipment to understand that you can celebrate yourself without putting yourself down or needing to apologize for the way you look. I think that attitude is really crucial for a model.
Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle|One-third to one-half of humanity are said to go to bed hungry every night. In the Old Stone Age the fraction must have been much smaller. This is the era of hunger unprecedented. Now, in the time of the greatest technical power, is starvation an institution. Reverse another venerable formula: the amount of hunger increases relatively and absolutely with the evolution of culture.
Selena Gomez|I think there is a break down of trust generally, between people and politicians. I think that's come about for a whole variety of reasons.
Arthur Rimbaud, A Season in Hell/The Drunken Boat|Love...no such thing.Whatever it is that binds families and married couples together, that's not love. That's stupidity or selfishness or fear. Love doesn't exist. Self interest exists, attachment based on personal gain exists, complacency exists. But not love. Love has to be reinvented, that’s certain.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Those who teach the most about humanity, aren’t always human.
Ilchi Lee, Human Technology: A Toolkit for Authentic Living|I say this because all religions, accurately understood, will take away your fear of not being enough. I believe there is a way to understand the tenets of your religion, right now, that will take away your fear and make you feel loved and safe. The problem is that no matter what you believe or to which religion you belong, there are two ways you can experience your beliefs. There is a fear way you can experience your religion, and a love way to experience it. All religions can be experienced both ways. All life philosophies can be experienced both ways too.If you search your personal books of scripture, you will find both ideas equally represented. There will be verses or sections that validate a fear-based view of God and there will be some that validate a love-based view of God. Don’t be confused by this. Both ideas had to be represented for you to have free agency. Anything less than equal representation of each idea would take away your freedom to choose.
Mulk Raj Anand, Untouchable|Your story matters. The thoughts you think matter. The words you use matter. It can be the difference between getting everything you truly need and want, and not achieving or experiencing those things at all.
James Patterson, Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas|Good memories are like charms...Each is special. You collect them, one by one, until one day you look back and discover they make a long, colorful bracelet.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|After you're gone, people will forget your name, no matter how important it was, and your face, no matter how pretty it was, and what you said, no matter how clever any of it sounded.The things you've done will crumble and fade and the places you once loved, will change and be given new names.You are only here for one moment and it lasts exactly one lifetime.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens|Bring it down." Veteran leader Han Solo's correction to the overbearing swagger bike which his protégé is attempting to force his will on others.
Tom Upton, Tiny Voices|Other than the voices in my head, I think I’m pretty normal.
Amy Engel, The Revolution of Ivy|When he opens his mouth to speak, I place a finger on his
Joseph Epstein|The Bible is man in a nutshell. Good and evil live side by side in the same book. That's why it's cherished. The good find in it encouragement, the weak solace, the evil, justification.
Aristotle|Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The near side of a galaxy is tens of thousands of light-years closer to us than the far side; thus we see the front as it was tens of thousands of years before the back. But typical events in galactic dynamics occupy tens of millions of years, so the error in thinking of an image of a galaxy as frozen in one moment of time is small.
Joe Torre|I know what it is to feel unloved, to want revenge, to make mistakes, to suffer disappointment, yet also to find the courage to go forward in life.
John Green, Paper Towns|She laughed. ''You seem pretty normal.''''You've never seen Ben snort Sprite up his nose and then spit it out of his mouth,'' I said.''I look like a demented carbonated fountain,'' he deadpanned.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The beautiful is as useful as the useful." He added after a moment’s silence, "Perhaps more so.
Kathryn Lasky, Watch Wolf|Apparently, denial isn't just a river in Egypt.
Peter Stamm, All Days Are Night|That’s the thing with reality, he said, you can’t repeat it to order, you can’t correct it. Perhaps we should read more books.
Paul Kriwaczek, Babylon: Mesopotamia And The Birth Of Civilization|Today...major actors and actresses develop their own projects or, at the very least, cherry-pick their roles carefully to suit not only their tastes but also whatever image they have cultivated to present to their public. Most major stars have their own production companies through which such projects are developed and even financed. While the biggest male stars of that time did in fact have their own production companies--Jimmy Stewart, Kirk Douglas, John Wayne, and Burt Lancaster, to name a few--and thus exerted creative and financial control over their careers, that was not the case with female stars. But Marilyn Monroe was about to change that.
Isaac Asimov|Above all, never think you're not good enough. Never think that. In life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Ama Ata Aidoo, Changes: A Love Story|My lady Silk, remember that a man always gains in stature any way he chooses to associate with a woman - including adultery...but in her association with a man, a woman is always in danger of being diminished.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|Their love story had ended long ago, and yet one smile from him brought it all back, the joy, the heartache, everything. True love stories never have endings.
Stefan Zweig, Letter from an Unknown Woman and Other Stories|...My husband made my dreams come true, and because he could do that I married him."Then he says softly, as if to himself, "But what about love?"She heard that. A slight smile comes to her lips."Do you still have all the ideals, all the ideals that you took to that distant world with you? Are they all still intact , or have some of them died or withered away? Haven't they been torn out of you by force and flung in the dirt, where thousands of wheels carrying vehicles to their owners' destination in life crushed them? Or have you lost none of them?
Elie Wiesel, Night|Cowboy Rodeo was a very simple man. He liked his life simple. He liked his ranch full of animals, he liked the breeze across the plains, and he liked when the sun rose and set. He liked strong, cold whiskey and the stars at night.Cowboy Rodeo realized at that moment he also really, really liked corsets and black pencil skirts that showed off the curve of the hip.
John Hersey, Hiroshima|Do not work primarily for money; do your duty to patients first and let the money follow; our life is short, we don't live twice; the whirlwind will pick up the leaves and spin them, but then it will drop them and they will form a pile.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Never let your desire to have an accepting heart towards others keep you from your strong boundaries. The hurricane may come blasting at our door; yet it doesn’t mean we have to invite it in for tea. Sometimes, it’s important to recognize that the hurricane is a powerful and damaging storm, not a light spring shower.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Death, No Fear|The daily mindfulness, consistency, and discipline is ultimately more important than the amount of time. In other words, it’s more about quality than quantity. If you use 15 minutes effectively, you’ll accomplish more than you would be able to with two hours of unfocused, random actions.
Bob Taft|We want the digital world to bend to your physical life, your real emotional life as a person, and we don't want you to bend to computers.
Michael Grant, Light (Gone Series, #6) Chapter Twenty-Eight | 1 Hour, 10 Minutes|I was a king for a while. I wasn't a very good one. I wanted all kinds of things. I wanted, well, you know. Power. Glory. To be feared. All that good stuff. But you know what? When the gaiaphage did it to me, when she made me cry and grovel and beg for mercy, I realized: There's no end to this for me. There's no end to the FAYZ. If we get out alive, there's still no end. And what happens to me out there in the world?" "No, you're wrong they can't blame you for everything that happened." He laughed. "Yeah, well, actually, they can. A king, warrior, whatever I was, I want to go out in a blaze of glory. I've risen as high as I'm ever going to. And if I survive, I'm just going to end up as prisoner number three-one-two-whatever. You coming to see me on visiting days."  "But I will come see you. And I will wait for you." "No," he said firmly. "I get my big finish. And you get your life. Move on, Diana.
Stephen Richards|Many folks describe arrogant people as jerks, idiots, creeps, and much worse. A person that treats you like you are stupid and says the only right way is their way – even when it clearly is not – is arrogant. They try to make up for their own lack of confidence by hammering away at others.
Holli True, Reckless|Everything about her always seemed to dance. Her lips as she spoke, her eyes as she laughed, even her hands as she made the cup of coffee I just ordered.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|It is important to realize that you are fundamentally made up of Life Particles, as is everyone else. Please realize that you, like everyone you meet, possess a MindScreen. Making use of this powerful asset will help you cultivate a healthier, happier and more peaceful life, and it will help you do the same for others.
David Kinnaman|[E]very heresy is due to an overemphasis upon some truth, without allowing other truths to qualify and balance it.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Dance resides within us all. Some find it when joy conquers sorrow, others express it through celebration of movements; and then there are those... whose existence is dance,
Susan C. Young|Is there something which you have lost and miss terribly? Would the quality of your life improve if you regained it? Would it make you happier or healthier? Would you be more effective, efficient, or productive if it came back? If there is something which once was and you yearn for its return, find ways to regain its presence and place in your world.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Sometimes what not to do is more important than what to do. Sometimes when you are in crisis, when frustration are high or when you are under pressure, what you don't do is more important than what you do. Don't be afraid. ....
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|And now in my tenderness of remembering it all again, I think I am still there with him too. I am there with all the others, most of them gone but some who are still here, who gave me love and called forth love from me. When I number them over, I am surprised how many there are. And so I have to say that another of the golden threads is gratitude.I was grateful because I knew, even in my fear and grief, that my life had been filled with gifts.
François Fénelon, Spiritual Letters|You solve it as you get older, when you reach the point where you've tasted so much that you can somehow sacrifice certain things more easily, and you have a more tolerant view of things like possessiveness (your own) and a broader acceptance of the pains and the losses.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The real you is not you, the real you is what is within you. What is behind your joy or your melancholy. What gives you the reason to ponder. What moves or stops you. What makes you you is you.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|Reality is infinitely diverse, compared with even the subtlest conclusions of abstract thought, and does not allow of clear-cut and sweeping distinctions. Reality resists classification.
Kathleen Rooney, Lillian Boxfish Takes a Walk|If you love something, know that it will leave on a day you are far from ready.
Twiggy|Jazz in itself is not struggling. That is, the music itself is not struggling... It's the attitude that's in trouble. My plays insist that we should not forget or toss away our history.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|Let us eat, drink, and love for tomorrow we die, would be in fact the language of reason, the morality of life; and who but a fool would part with a reality for a fleeting shadow?
Allison Williams|I could be hit by a Sara Lee truck tomorrow. Which is not a bad way of going: 'Richard Simmons Found in a Freeway in Pound Cake and Fudge, With a Smile on His Face.' Let's face it. We don't know anything.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|[W]hen men have both done and suffered injustice and have had experience of both, not being able to avoid the one and obtain the other, they think that they had better agree among themselves to have neither; hence there arise laws and mutual covenants; and that which is ordained by law is termed by them lawful and just. This they affirm to be the origin and nature of justice;—it is a mean or compromise, between the best of all, which is to do injustice and not be punished, and the worst of all, which is to suffer injustice without the power of retaliation; and justice, being at a middle point between the two, is tolerated not as a good, but as the lesser evil…
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Prejudices, mysticism, bigotry these things only distort religion, like they have actually done to the most religions of the world.
Langston Hughes|Pleasured equallyIn seeking as in finding,Each detail minding,Old Walt went seekingAnd finding.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Knock on the heart’s emotions and its gates will be widely opened, but nock on reason and doubt will come charging at you
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|They trespassed upon my thoughts. They were intruders whose knowledge of life was to me an irritating pretense, because I felt so sure they could not possibly know the things I knew. Their bearing, which was simply the bearing of commonplace individuals going about their business in the assurance of perfect safety, was offensive to me like the outrageous flauntings of folly in the face of a danger it is unable to comprehend. I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces, so full of stupid importance.
Daniel J. Rice, The Unpeopled Season: Journal from a North Country Wilderness|I often wonder what happened to those few I spent my youth in battle beside, those select individuals whom I was drawn to simply by coincidence, whom I joined forces with against an unknown future and a world so large that we depended upon each other because none of us knew a damn thing, and we were all so wise.
Gordon B. Hinckley|There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.
Maria Dahvana Headley, Magonia|It was––how shall I put it?––a painfully solitary building. Let me explain. Say we have a concept. It goes without saying that there will be slight exceptions to that norm. Now, over time these exceptions spread like stains until finally they form a separate concept. To which other exceptions crop up. It was that kind of building, some ancient life form that had evolved blindly, toward who knows what end.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|He trailed through hallways, ducking under arms no longer there, excusing himself as he pressed through conversations long since ended.
Lindsay Paige, Sweetness|My love is of a birth as rareAs 'tis, for object, strange and high;It was begotten by DespairUpon Impossibility.
Tatyana K. Varenko, Elfineness|I don’t believe in soul mates, not exactly. I think it’s ridiculous to think that there’s only one person out there for us. What if your ‘soul mate’ lives in Zimbabwe? What if he dies young? I also think ‘two souls becoming one’ is ridiculous. You need to hold onto yourself.
Irin Carmon, Notorious RBG: The Life and Times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg|When a handful of students came to RBG in 1970 and asked her to teach the first-ever Rutgers class on women and the law, she was ready to agree. It took her only about a month to read every federal decision and every law review article about women’s status. There wasn’t much. One popular textbook included the passage “Land, like woman, was meant to be possessed.
Molière|When life gets you down, improvise as if crawling was part of the choreography.
David Chiles, The Principles Of Netiquette|I used to have a lot of faith in humanity before the advent of the website "comment" section.
Harry Dean Stanton|You don't go around grieving all the time, but the grief is still there and always will be.
Vincent H. O'Neil, Death Troupe|I’ve never liked the term ‘actor’.” Barron spoke slowly, joining hands with the cast members to his left and right. The rest of them formed a circle, also holding hands, and he continued. “Seriously now, is anyone here ‘acting’? Is anyone here pretending? “Me, I’m a theater director. One hundred percent, all the time. I’m not pretending, or acting, or trying to fool anyone. This is what I do, and I give it my all—just like you. I look around me, and I don’t see a single phony. I see people who give their hearts, their minds, and their very lives to being serious performers on the stage. In the last weeks I’ve watched every one of you give up the easy life to come here and bust a gut to make this show a reality. “That’s why I call you performers. Not actors—performers. Because when it’s time to prepare, you work out every nuance of a role. When it’s time to step in front of the crowd, you reach out and pull them in with both hands. When it’s time to say your lines, you deliver them with skill and meaning. That’s performance. And there’s nothing phony about that. There’s nothing pretend about that. There’s no acting that will take the place of that. “And so that’s my wish for you tonight: Have a great performance. You’ve done the work, you’re ready, and now it’s time to show off. Have fun out there, gang. Perform.” --Jerome Barron's opening night pep talk to the cast of Death Troupe
Jay-Z|I don't want a life without my mom in it, but I'm not someone who curls up in the fetal position and says, 'Mommy, take care of me!' I don't like people catering to me. It feels so awkward and uncomfortable.
Ava Harrison, Imperfect Truth|I know it feels like you have all these options and when you make a decision, you lose a world of possibilities. But the reality is, until you make a decision, you have nothing at all.
Ahmed Mostafa|Without purpose, we're zombies aimlessly roaming the earth.
Penelope Fitzgerald|I never presume to give advice on writing. I think the best way to learn to write is to read booksand stories by bood writers. It's a hard thing to preach about. As Thelonious Monk once said abouthis field, "Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines|...courage wasn’t something you were bequeathed at birth, and it wasn’t a lack of fright. It was overcoming your fear, because the ones you love mattered more.
Pierre Janet|over and over victims are blamed for their assaults. and when we imply that victims bring on their own fates - whether to make ourselves feel more efficacious or to make the world seem just - we prevent ourselves from taking the necessary precautions to protect ourselves. Why take precautions? We deny the trauma could easily have happened to us. And we also hurt the people already traumatized. Victims are often already full of self-doubt, and we make recovery harder by laying inspectors blame on them.
Danny Mekić|To a lot of children, school is currently mostly a place to learn what you aren’t any good at.
W.B. Yeats|I never really thought about how when I look at the moon, it's the same moon as Shakespeare and Marie Antoinette and George Washington and Cleopatra looked at.
Jeff Tikari|Revolution and youth are closely allied. What can a revolution promise to adults? To some it brings disgrace, to others favor. But even that favor is questionable, for it affects only the worse half of life, and in addition to advantages it also entails uncertainty, exhausting activity and upheaval of settled habits.Youth is substantially better off: it is not burdened by guilt, and the revolution can accept young people in toto. The uncertainty of revolutionary times is an advantage for youth, because it is the world of the fathers that is challenged. How exciting to enter into the age of maturity over the shattered ramparts of the adult world!
Jeffrey Gitomer|The more people you help and the more value you create, the more your business will fly - and the quicker you'll win.
Richard Nelson, The Island Within|I’ve often thought of the forest as a living cathedral, but this might diminish what it truly is. If I have understood Koyukon teachings, the forest is not merely an expression or representation of sacredness, nor a place to invoke the sacred; the forest is sacredness itself. Nature is not merely created by God; nature is God. Whoever moves within the forest can partake directly of sacredness, experience sacredness with his entire body, breathe sacredness and contain it within himself, drink the sacred water as a living communion, bury his feet in sacredness, touch the living branch and feel the sacredness, open his eyes and witness the burning beauty of sacredness
Valerii A. Kuvakin|After debating with a religious scholar you leave the room but suddenly you are pushed and about to hit the ground. If you fall and hit the ground; they will tell you, you saw the power of God he made you fall and now you are on the ground. If you fall but not hit the ground; they will tell you he just gave you a warning, he pushed you but later stopped you from hitting to ground to prove you his power. If you fall but not hurt; they will tell you, he hit you to the ground and as he is kind he didn’t let you to be hurt. If you fall and hurt; they will tell you, you saw the power of God, how he teaches the hypocrites, he just punished you by hitting you to the ground. If you even didn’t fall and walked away; they will tell everyone, God will show him one day his power; and certainly we all fall one day or another. The foundation of religion is on misbelieve and misunderstanding of the reality of nature and physics; it is not the God that changes things, but the one who takes the credit.
Richard Matheson, The Shrinking Man|But now, in the final hours, even hope had vanished. Yet he could smile. At a point without hope he had found contentment. He knew he had tried and there was nothing to be sorry for. And this was complete victory, because it was a victory over himself.
Debasish Mridha|Before believing something, check the facts. False beliefs can infect and affect the mind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t believe those who say, ‘you can’t’. You can make it in life.You can realise all your dreams.
David W. Earle|When you wear a mask, you are not real.
Manel Loureiro, Apocalypse Z: The Beginning of the End|Here, just like in my own world, popularity was power; survival required the occasional sacrifice of a damaged limb—or a damaged cousin—and alliances were crucial.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|She cries,I laugh,She becomes numb,I become filled with joy,She slowly crumbles,I feel on top of the world,Yet somehow in the end,Out of the ashes,She rose like a Phoenix,As if nothing had ever touched her
Chris Burkmenn|We often lose ourselves to where we think we should be, rather than celebrate where we already are.
Diogo Mainardi, The Fall: A Father's Memoir in 424 Steps|My words to Anna, as we stood contemplating the Scuola Grande di San Marco, moments before entering Venice Hospital, came true: 'With a façade like that, I could even accept having a deformed child.' I accepted Tito's cerebral palsy.I accepted it as if it were the most natural thing in the world. I accepted it with delight. I accepted it with enthusiasm. I accepted it with love.
Norman Lear|From a parent's right to know what their children are doing, to protecting citizens across the country from the growing threat of gang violence, the House Democrat leadership is simply out to lunch.
Philippa Gregory, The Lady of the Rivers|Everything that highly educated men can do to obscure a simple truth, to make a woman doubt her feelings, to make her own thoughts a muddle, they do to her. They use their learning as a hurdle to herd her one way and then the other and then finally trap her in contradictions of which she can make no sense.
Joanna Cannon, The Trouble with Goats and Sheep|Solomon had good days and he had bad days, but the good had far outnumbered the bad since Lisa and Clark had started coming around. Sometimes, though, they'd show up and he's look completely exhausted, drained of all his charm and moving in slow motion. They could do that to him—the attacks. Something about the physical response to panic can drain all the energy out of a person, and it doesn't matter what causes it or how long it lasts. What Solomon had was unforgiving and sneaky and as smart as any other illness. It was like a virus or cancer that would hide just long enough to fool him into thinking it was gone. And because it showed up when it damn well pleased, he'd learned to be honest about it, knowing that embarrassment only made it worse.
Melody Beattie, Codependent No More: How to Stop Controlling Others and Start Caring for Yourself|Don't cry for the dead, for the dead is deaf, dumb, blind, lame, unemotional and dead.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Nobody thought it could be done, so nobody had tried before. Standing with one foot in the abyss and the other with a foothold in her dreams, she stood on the edge of a cliff. She took one look behind and with one last deep breath, she leapt with reckless certainty and decisive confidence. Blurring through the sky, for a moment she looked like she would fade into darkness, but in the very last moment when everyone else had given up on her, from her back spread wings. With a leap of faith, she learned to fly.
Sophie Page, To Marry a Prince|Marriage is a partnership, not a corporate venture.
Herman Hesse|What I mean by that is that the point of life, as I see it, is not to write books or scale mountains or sail oceans, but to achieve happiness, and preferably an unselfish happiness.
T. J. Perkins|I know my dad always wanted to heal the world, and so I think it would be great to follow in his footsteps.
Anne Sullivan|A good teacher who can take the zero pay and help kids develop physically, emotionally, socially, is literally an angel.
Sarah Colliver|The worst reviews, by my mind, are those from individuals who enjoy entertaining themselves by writing something bad about books they actually never read, which is as clear as day from what they’re saying. It’s even more puzzling for an author to check some of these “honest” reviewers’ pages and see that they created their profile with one goal in mind; to post you a bad review, as there’s nothing else they wanted to rate.
Howard Tayler|Maxim 30: A little trust goes a long way. The less you use, the further you'll go.-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries
Kate DiCamillo, Raymie Nightingale|Oh, my goodness,” said Louisiana. “I’m just all filled up with feathers and regrets. And fears. I have a lot of fears.
Tessa Dare, A Night to Surrender|No, Susanna, " he said. "I cannot love you just a little. If that's what you want, you must find a different man." His green eyes were breathtaking in their intensity. His thumb brushed her bottom lip. "Because I can only love you entirely. With everything I am, and everything I ever will be. Body, mind, heart, soul.
Orison Swett Marden|Your outlook upon life, your estimate of yourself, your estimate of your value are largely colored by your environment. Your whole career will be modified, shaped, molded by your surroundings, by the character of the people whom you come in contact everyday.
Margaret Cho|Am I gay, am I straight? No, I'm just slutty. So, where's my parade? What about slut pride.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|I do not say that democracy has been more pernicious on the whole, and in the long run, than monarchy or aristocracy. Democracy has never been and never can be so durable as aristocracy or monarchy; but while it lasts, it is more bloody than either. … Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide. It is in vain to say that democracy is less vain, less proud, less selfish, less ambitious, or less avaricious than aristocracy or monarchy. It is not true, in fact, and nowhere appears in history. Those passions are the same in all men, under all forms of simple government, and when unchecked, produce the same effects of fraud, violence, and cruelty. When clear prospects are opened before vanity, pride, avarice, or ambition, for their easy gratification, it is hard for the most considerate philosophers and the most conscientious moralists to resist the temptation. Individuals have conquered themselves. Nations and large bodies of men, never.
M.F. Moonzajer|So tell me i'm wrong, cursed me when i'm started being a douchebag and all. Then i'll let you know how much i love you, lads.
Elementary|Sherlock: They came out of EROC with $33 million dollars in small bills. They loaded their haul into an ambulance, American-made, in the late '90s. They haven't been gone more than an hour.Joan: The driver has a lazy eye, the other two met in basketball camp and one has canine lupus. You see how it feels? Just tell me how you know.Elementary Season 1Snow Angels
Christopher Hitchens|There is nothing in our book, the Koran, that teaches us to suffer peacefully. Our religion teaches us to be intelligent.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|If you feel depressed for an hour, you've produced approximately eighteen billion new cells that have more receptors calling out for depressed-type peptides and fewer calling out for feel-good peptides.
Anthony Liccione|They throw rice at a new marriage, then give him beans in a divorcement.
Angie  Smith, Mended: Pieces of a Life Made Whole|It means the God who worries about our sins is not only God the judge, but also God the caretaker. He worries about sin because He craves righteousness, but also, simply, because He loves us.
Rachael Wade, Preservation|Stumbling closer, I held up the manuscript, the pages flapping frantically in the wind. “I take it this is a murder mystery? You killed the ex-fiancée and thanked her in the dedication? Mighty dignified of you, I must say.”“Nah. It’s a horror novel. But yeah, the bimbo dies in the end. Bob Hall says it’s going to be a bestseller, so I figured I owed her some thanks for the inspiration.” He edged a few feet closer, his smile spread from ear to ear. The glimmer in his eyes flickered toward the ocean, breaking our connection. He hung his head, licked his lips, then returned his eyes to mine, restoring the connection with an intense smolder. “Are you gonna get over here, or what?”Letting out a soft chuckle, the tears began to blind me. “Make me.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|He had also been demonstrative and intelligent from the very beginning, his questions startlingly insightful. She would watch him absorb a new idea and wonder what effect it would have on him, because, with Edgar, EVERYTHING came out, eventually, somehow. But the PROCESS – how he put together a story about the world’s workings – that was mysterious beyond all ken. In a way, she thought, it was the only disappointing thing about having a child. She’d imagined he would stay transparent to her, more PART of her, for so much longer. But despite the proximity of the daily work, Edgar had ceased long before to be an open book. A friend, yes. A son she loved, yes. But when it came to knowing his thoughts, Edgar could be opaque as a rock.
Ahmed Ben Bella|Many folks think they aren't good at earning money, when what they don't know is how to use it.
Susan Sontag|The writer is either a practicing recluse or a delinquent, guilt-ridden one--or both. Usually both.
Tracy Engelbrecht, The Girl Who Couldn't Say No|As long as, Woman presents herself weak, She is master of everything.
Stefan Grabiński, In Sarah's House|The nostalgia I have been cherishing all these years is a hypertrophied sense of lost childhood, not sorrow for lost banknotes.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature
Caryll Houselander, The Reed of God|In the world as it is, torn with agonies and dissensions, we need some direction for our souls which is never away from us; which, without enslaving us or narrowing our vision, enters into every detail of our life. Everyone longs for some such inward rule, a universal rule as big as the immeasurable law of love, yet as little as the narrowness of our daily routine. It must be so truly part of us all that it makes us all one, and yet to each one the secret of his own life with God.To this need, the imitation of Our Lady is the answer; in contemplating her we find intimacy with God, the law which is the lovely yoke of the one irresistible love.
Saint Augustine|I think the most important thing in life is your health. If you haven't got your health, you haven't got anything.
Jimmy Buffett|Believe in yourself, Follow your dreams, and all things are possible!
Henry B. Eyring|Even a moment's reflection will help you see that the problem of using your time well is not a problem of the mind but of the heart. It will only yield to a change in the very way we feel about time. The value of time must change for us. And then the way we think about it will change, naturally and wisely. That change in feeling and in thinking is combined in the words of a prophet of God in this dispensation. It was Brigham Young, and the year was 1877, and he was speaking at April general conference. He wasn't talking about time or schedules or frustrations with too many demands upon us. Rather, he was trying to teach the members of the Church how to unite themselves in what was called the united order. The Saints were grappling with the question of how property should be distributed if they were to live the celestial law. In his usual direct style, he taught the people that they were having trouble finding solutions because they misunderstood the problem. Particularly, he told them they didn't understand either property or the distribution of wealth. Here is what he said: With regard to our property, as I have told you many times, the property which we inherit from our Heavenly Father is our time, and the power to choose in the disposition of the same. This is the real capital that is bequeathed unto us by our Heavenly Father; all the rest is what he may be pleased to add unto us. To direct, to counsel and to advise in the disposition of our time, pertains to our calling as God's servants, according to the wisdom which he has given and will continue to give unto us as we seek it. [JD 18:354] Time is the property we inherit from God, along with the power to choose what we will do with it. President Young calls the gift of life, which is time and the power to dispose of it, so great an inheritance that we should feel it is our capital. The early Yankee families in America taught their children and grandchildren some rules about an inheritance. They were always to invest the capital they inherited and live only on part of the earnings. One rule was "Never spend your capital." And those families had confidence the rule would be followed because of an attitude of responsibility toward those who would follow in later generations. It didn't always work, but the hope was that inherited wealth would be felt a trust so important that no descendent would put pleasure ahead of obligation to those who would follow. Now, I can see and hear Brigham Young, who was as flinty a New Englander as the Adams or the Cabots ever hoped to be, as if he were leaning over this pulpit tonight. He would say something like this, with a directness and power I wish I could approach: "Your inheritance is time. It is capital far more precious than any lands or stocks or houses you will ever get. Spend it foolishly, and you will bankrupt yourself and cheapen the inheritance of those that follow you. Invest it wisely, and you will bless generations to come.	“A Child of Promise”, BYU Speeches, 4 May 1986
Seth Godin, The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?|I notice I may have somehow mixed up two events, my visit with Rita to Briceland on our way to Cantrip, and our passing through Briceland again on our way back to New York, but such suffusions of swimming colors are not to be disdained by the artist in recollection.
Deyth Banger|World is getting stranger and stranger... I think there is interesting perspective in the series "Falling Water".
Cassidy Calloway, Secrets of a First Daughter|Hey, Max," I whispered. "I love you, too."The smile that lit up his face was brighter than the neon lights radiating from the London Eye. But mine felt even brighter.Like my future.
Lonny Price|My 21st birthday was awesome. I was in L.A., and it was great. I had a bunch of friends that came out. The night ended up in a completely different direction than we thought it was going to go.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Tennis is mostly mental. Of course, you must have a lot of physical skill, but you can't play tennis well and not be a good thinker. You win or lose the match before you even go out there.
A.M. Arthur, Stand By You|Like I said, hearts can be tricky things. Sometimes gender doesn't matter when two souls connect.
Danielle LaPorte|As the legend goes, when the Phoenix resurrects from the flames, she is even more beautiful than before.
William Nicholson|Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.
George Lucas|I've never been that much of a money guy. I'm more of a film guy, and most of the money I've made is in defense of trying to keep creative control of my movies.
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|My husband was very eager to take me out of purdah. One day I said to him, "What do I want with the outside world?""The outside world may want you," he replied.
Christine Grey, Whisper|MY DEAREST MY EVER CRUSH I couldn’t have wished anything moreThan that the spaces between my fingers Were filled with yoursAs I strolled and sample the best of NYC todayI wish that every wish become real, and all dreams trueBecause in my dreams I am always with youOur friends both envy us and rejoice for usWe are ever madly in love and think less of who caresI can’t wait to see you againTrue Love
Saji Ijiyemi|MANDELA: " a man deemed to be the greatest icon in Africa. his life thought me couple of lessons that always inspires me to strive hard for respect and to make an impact on humanity. may his footsteps continue to live for ever on the sands of time.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|You be the sun, I'll be the moon, let's share the stars and dance in the sky.
James H. Douglas, Jr.|6,000 people were killed, crippled, and wounded during the War of Independence. The economy was devastated - there was no milk, just milk powder. No eggs, but egg powder. Meat was only once a week.
Karl Marx, Selected Letters: The Personal Correspondence 1844-1877|...[G]reat progress was evident in the last Congress of the American 'Labour Union' in that among other things, it treated working women with complete equality. While in this respect the English, and still more the gallant French, are burdened with a spirit of narrow-mindedness. Anybody who knows anything of history knows that great social changes are impossible without the feminine ferment. Social progress can be measured exactly by the social position of the fair sex (the ugly ones included).
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|No, honestly, my mouth shouldn't be able to function unless my brain's engaged.
Alan Bradley, The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag|I remembered that Beethoven's symphonies had sometimes been given names... they should have call [the Fifth] the Vampire, because it simply refused to lie down and die.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|The intense roller coaster of emotions will gradually lesson over time. But there is no timeframe for the grieving process, and it will not be rushed, no matter how fast you'd like to "get over it." The reality is that there is no getting over it; you can only walk through it.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|She told me that if magic gives people what they want, then not using magic can give them what they need.
Sucher chaturvedi|If she stays she stays if she goes jst let her go,making her pregnant won't stop her from leaving
Saket Assertive|Jokes are hilarious only when you take them unreal and dreamlike, otherwise it becomes painful. So I always live otherworldly...
|The essence of acquiring knowledge is not just to have it, but to consistently apply it in your day to day life.
Todd Stocker|When you join teams that changes lives, yours will be the first.
Aniruddha Sastikar|What day is it?” It’s today, squeaked Piglet. My favorite day, said Pooh.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|Heisenberg and Bohr and Einstein strike me as being like gifted retriever dogs. Off they go, not just for an afternoon, but for ten years; they come back exhausted and triumphant and drop at your feet... a vole. It's a remarkable thing in its way, a vole—intricate, beautiful really, marvellous. But does it... Does it help? Does it move the matt
Lois McMaster Bujold, Diplomatic Immunity|Four things do not come back: the spoken word, the sped arrow, the past life, and the neglected opportunity.
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|Most people say if you tell a wish it won't come true. But I don't think wishes work like that. I don't believe there's some bad-tempered wish-fairy with a clipboard, checking off whether or not you've told...But it's a long shot I'll get my wish, so even if there is a fairy in charge of telling, it won't matter.'I wish everyone had the same chances,' I say. 'Because it stinks a big one that they don't. What about you? What did you wish for?''Grape soda.'I can't help smiling. 'You wished for grape soda?' He doesn't answer, and I pull my hand from my pocket. Taking one of his fluttering hands, I wrap his fingers tightly around a dollar. 'Wish granted, toad.'He takes off running and Dad runs after him.I close my eyes and make a new wish.I wish the refreshment stand has grape soda.
Sunday Adelaja|We stumble in sin, when we fail to read the scriptures.
Vivienne Westwood|By improving health, empowering women, population growth comes down.
Willa Blair, Highland Healer|Her blonde tresses now lay unbound and flowing in comely waves down her back, like pale serpents against the blue sea of her costume.
Charles R. Swindoll|While I wholeheartedly believe in choosing to approach every challenge with a great attitude, I don't mean that we should abandon authenticity and live in fantasyland.
Villiers de L'Isle-Adam|Nature was quick to pass the sponge of her deluges over these awkward sketches (dinosaurs), these first nightmares of Life.
Nikki Rowe|Sometimes the only way forward is to let go and sometimes those things you are forced to let go of are people and places that have been of great significance. Life is painfully uncanny like that, some moments last a lifetime whilst others have an expiry date.
Massimilla Harris, Into the Heart of the Feminine: Facing the Death Mother Archetype to Reclaim Love, Strength, and Vitality|Serious spiritual practice is more than serene walks in the woods, lit candles and incense. You have to be committed. You have to be willing to enter into your own darkness and transcend it.
Linkin Park|Nonetheless, love is a funny thing. More specifically, second loves are a funny thing. For no matter how special that second or third or even fourth love is, no matter how much you can’t live without him, the first one always creeps in.
Thomas Hardy, The Return of the Native|We are in misery because we are creatures of self - the self that is unyielding and narrow, that reflects no light, that is blind to the infinite. Our self is loud with its own discordant clamour - it is not the tuned harp whose chords vibrate with the music of the eternal. Sighs of discontent and weariness of failure, idle regrets for the past and anxieties for the future are troubling our shallow hearts because we have not found our souls, and the self-revealing spirit has not been manifest within us. Hence our cry.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|Overhead hung a summer sky furrowed with the rush of rockets; and from the east a late moon, pushing up beyond the lofty bend of the coast, sent across the bay a shaft of brightness which paled to ashes in the red glitter of the illuminated boats.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|The truth is, there are not two kinds of people. There’s only one: the kind that loves to divide up into gangs who hate each other’s guts. Both conservatives and liberals agree among themselves, on their respective message boards, in uncannily identical language, that their opponents lack any self-awareness or empathy, the ability to see the other side of an argument or to laugh at themselves. Which would seem to suggest that they’re both correct.
Carol Ann Duffy, The World's Wife|The bed we loved in was a spinning world of forests, castles, torchlight, clifftops, seaswhere we would dive for pearls. My lover’s wordswere shooting stars which fell to earth as kisseson these lips; my body now a softer rhymeto his, now echo, assonance; his toucha verb dancing in the centre of a noun.Some nights, I dreamed he’d written me, the beda page beneath his writer’s hands. Romanceand drama played by touch, by scent, by taste.In the other bed, the best, our guests dozed on,dribbling their prose. My living laughing love -I hold him in the casket of my widow’s headas he held me upon that next bes
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|This human body is the perpetual home of God’, what does it mean? Where God is visualized – this body, not anywhere. So this human body is the perpetual home of God. What is happening for this reason? This human body is infinite and the world is also infinite.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Remember that you own what happened to you. If your childhood was less than ideal, you may have been raised thinking that if you told the truth about what really went on in your family, a long bony white finger would emerge from a cloud and point to you, while a chilling voice thundered, "We *told* you not to tell." But that was then. Just put down on paper everything you can remember now about your parents and siblings and relatives and neighbors, and we will deal with libel later on.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|Scrimgeour: "It's time you learned some respect!" Harry: "It's time you earned it.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|That woman," Grimm said quietly, "drives me quite insane."Kettle grunted. "Why'd you marry her, then?
Saurabh Sharma|Let's stop judging others, and relieve them of the heavy burden they are carrying on their shoulders because of us.
Mike Schmoker, Focus: Elevating the Essentials to Radically Improve Student Learning|worksheets - the archenemy of abundant, purposeful reading (and discussion and writing).
Robin McKinley, Pegasus|...there remained a strange formality between them, and her pleasure in his presence felt too much like missing him had felt during the last week.
Lori Deschene|Then again, I was never any good at plumbing the depths of a woman's heart.
Nalo Hopkinson, Sister Mine|Never expect people to understand, respect or love you , they are just a bunch of dirty flesh and fake skins. Staring to eat you when you are fat enough.
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|But replacing hunger for divine connection with Double Stuf Oreos is like giving a glass of sand to a person dying of thirst. It creates more thirst, more panic.
Juhani Peltonen|Life is full of disparate details arbitrarily joined together by dreams, pain and yearning. I do not long for sense, but I call for emotion and imagination amidst this chaos.
Christina Sunley|Just start at the beginning, you say? And what beginning might that be? I've come to the conclusion all starts are false ones. Tap the fragile shell of any beginning and you'll find another nested inside.
Geoff Dyer, Yoga for People Who Can't Be Bothered to Do It|You know that feeling when you first arrive in a new city? However tired you are, however shattered by the flight, you are impatient to get out and sample the streets, the life, the action.
Joan D. Chittister, Wisdom Distilled from the Daily: Living the Rule of St. Benedict Today|War within ourselves is always a prelude to war outside ourselves. All war starts within our own hearts. When our egos are inflated or our desires insatiable, we go to war with the other for the sad joy of maintaining our one-dimensional worlds.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t want to leave your home, how can you begin your journey to what you want?
Kasey Van Norman, Raw Faith: What Happens When God Picks a Fight|Most times, the best thing people deserve from us is our silence.speak through silence and it will be more powerful than harsh words
Jeb Bush|When the fishbowl gets too small, it's time to pack up and leave and jump into the lake or ocean.
Rob Liano|Perseverance is everything. We all stumbled when we took our first steps yet we were running sooner than we realized, and then we couldn’t stay still. Why stay still now?
Carroll Bryant|To believe that man’s aggressiveness or territoriality is in the nature of the beast is to mistake some men for all men, contemporary society for all possible societies, and, by a remarkable transformation, to justify what is as what needs must be; social repression becomes a response to, rather than a cause of, human violence. Pessimism about man serves to maintain the status quo. It is a luxury for the affluent, a sop to the guilt of the politically inactive, a comfort to those who continue to enjoy the amenities of privilege.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If there is something we need more than anything else during grief, it is a friend who stands with us, who doesn’t leave us. Jesus is that friend.
Margaret Atwood, Bottle|There is this certain rawness of soul that puts the polished ones on edge. Some of us just step out and the sunlight illuminates our bones, nerves, veins, cells! And that's just it, we're just like that! Then the others are tinted, polished, honed and well-contemplated; when they see you walk in and they can see all of your bones, even the tiniest ones, illuminated and outlined by the sunlight, it makes them feel shaded-in, it makes them feel hidden, it makes them turn their faces away. The way you bleed yourself all over the lines just makes it too uncomfortable for them, I guess.
Biz Stone, Things a Little Bird Told Me: Confessions of the Creative Mind|Once true passion hits you, you can recognize all the times in your life you were chasing the wrong dream. And after you've experienced that sustained fulfillment, you'll never want to settle for anything less.
Kitarō Nishida|It may be that DMT makes us able to perceive what the physicist call "dark matter" - the 95 per cent of the universe's mass that is known to exist but that at present remains invisible to our senses and instruments.
Love The Stacks Bookstore|I don't want to stay here overnight,' said Harry angrily, sitting up and throwing back his covers. 'I want to find McLaggen and kill him.
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|What do you have in mind?	It was too dark for her to see his smile, but she could hear it in his voice. Probably too many things for the amount of time that we've got, but you never know. I'm an ambitious man.
C.J. Mahaney, Humility: True Greatness|As we grow in the Christian life we face increasing danger of spiritual pride. We know the correct doctrines, the right methods, and the proper do's and don'ts. But we may not see the poverty of our own spiritual character. We may not see our critical and unforgiving spirit, our habit of backbiting, or our tendency to judge others. We may become like the Laodiceans of whom our Lord said, 'You say, "I am rich; I have acquired wealth and do not need a thing." But you do not realize that you are wretched, pitiful, poor, blind, and naked' (Revelation 3:17).
Terry Spear, A Highland Wolf Christmas|When the holly’s in the redAnd the pine is in the green,When the mornings all are frosty,In a brilliant silver sheenThen I love to go a’ walkingRambling here and there, quite slow,Plucking greenery and berries;Wishing for a Christmas snow
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much—the wheel, New York, wars and so on—whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man—for precisely the same reasons.
Hannah Fielding, Burning Embers|Gradually the mist had lifted, and the sun burst forth, a ball of fire radiating the sky with unnaturally incandescent hues. Coral was reminded of the strident brushwork and wild colours of the Fauvist paintings that filled her mother's gallery, which Coral had always loved. The scene was now set for the show to begin: the drama in which the broad, breath-taking landscapes of Africa were the stage and the animals the actors.
Angele Ellis|...It is only now that memory works both ways. Which of us dreamed it - those from the country of nights five times as warm and as cold, or those who turned away and woke?
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|Why did adults have to be so thick? They always say 'tell the truth,' and when you do, they don't believe you. What's the point?
Scott L. Vanatter|For us to progress, we must be community in liberty, equality and fraternity.
Kris Garden, Body Sharing: Our First Time|And so she remained, like everything that mattered to me then, secret—to be pursued in the woods by moonlight, when I was supposed to be studying.
Bremer Acosta, Blood of Other Worlds|All the latchkey children cursed and smashed bottles, teased about underwear, and puffed on those unfiltered cigarettes that only the cowboys could roll.
J.M. Darhower, Sweetest Sorrow|He overheard the director talking to one of the cameramen. The cameraman was explaining that he couldn’t get a good long shot on the exterior because someone had set up a fake graveyard right in the plaza.“Kids just playing around, I guess, but it’s morbid; we’ll have to get rid of it, maybe bring in some sod to—”“No,” Albert said.“We’re almost ready for you,” the director assured him.“That’s not a fake graveyard. Those aren’t fake graves. No one was playing around.”“You’re saying those . . . those are actually . . .”“What do you think happened here?” Albert asked in a soft voice. “What do you think this was?” Absurdly, embarrassingly, he had started to cry. “Those are kids buried there. Some of them were torn apart, you know. By coyotes. By . . . by bad people. Shot. Crushed. Like that. Some of those kids in the ground there couldn’t take it, the hunger and the fear . . . some of those kids out there had to be cut down from the ropes they used to hang themselves. Early on, when we still had any animals? I had a crew go out and hunt down cats. Cats and dogs and rats. Kill them. Other kids to skin them . . . cook them up.”There were a dozen crew people in the McDonald’s. None spoke or moved.Albert brushed away tears and sighed. “Yeah. So don’t mess with the graves. Okay? Other than that, we’re good to go.
Rachael Wade, Amaranth|Do you really want to put yourself through this? Is loving me really enough to endure everything you have to just to be with me?"Meeting his fiery gaze, I ran my fingers through his hair, kissed him gently before I attempted to set us both free. "It will always be enough.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|My face responds without authorization from my brain, so the resulting smile feels like the biggest, most unguarded, goofiest smile I’ve ever unleashed in my entire life. I didn’t even know my face could do this. It’s like there were hidden zippers in my cheeks. Jesus. This must be what feelings are. This is why people write poems! I get it now. I get it, and I want more.
Debasish Mridha|To accomplish great things we must first dream, then visualize, then plan...believe...act!
Anne Wilson Schaef|I believe that singing is the key to long life, a good figure, a stable temperament, increased intelligence, new friends, super self-confidence, heightened sexual attractiveness, and a better sense of humor.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To give light to others, you must first take light from others!
M.F. Moonzajer|If the United Nations wants to do something to be remembered forever, I guess that would be freeing people from insanity of religion.
Barbara Wersba, Walter: The Story of a Rat|Dear Miss Pomeroy, I am saddened by the things I do not know. There are hundreds--thousands--of books in the world and I will never be able to read all of them.I am old.Walter
V.S. Carnes|I know I am flaky, I accept that—and I know, as well, that I can mangle the good king’s English like no one else in my or the next ten governesses’ acquaintances, but that will not prevent me from speaking! I may not be as wise as you in the ways of the world, I may not have wounds that run as deeply or scars to wear upon my chest like medals of valor, but at least I don’t retreat and hide the moment a soul comes within reach of my fingers!
D.R. Ranshaw, Gryphon's Heir|To be just, a law has to be flexible.
Kristen Ashley, Sweet Dreams|We cook, we fight, we win. That simple.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|Sometimes, humans were more monstrous than anything else.
Laurie Viera Rigler, Confessions of a Jane Austen Addict|So what should we do with our last few days?”“I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you,” Peete replies.“Come on, then,” I say, pulling him into my room.It feels like a luxury, sleeping with Peeta again. I didn’t realize until now how starved I’ve been for human closeness. For the feel of him beside me in the darkness.
William Branks|If God wanted to forgive our sins, why not just forgive them, without having himself tortured and executed in payment—thereby, incidentally, condemning remote future generations of Jews to pogroms and persecution as 'Christ-killers': did that hereditary sin pass down in the semen too?
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|But the past cannot be changed, and we carry our choices with us, forward, into the unknown. We can only move on.
Henny Youngman|When you battle with your conscience and lose, you win. -Henny Youngman, comedian and violinist (1906-1998)
Michael Holbrook|The Grinch hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season!Now, please don’t ask why. No one quite knows the reason.It could be his head wasn’t screwed on just right.It could be, perhaps his shoes were too tight.But I think that the most likely reason of allMay have been that his heart was two sizes too small.
Robert Kraft|Happiness is a state of mind, you know. I don't think you are permanently happy. One is happy about certain things and not so happy about others.
Scott Jonathan Nixon, Cities of Love, Salt & Alchemy|The city they are building asks you to stay; remind yourself what is worth keeping, while the lighthouse of your moan warns the ship of your heart that he is a stone.
T.L. Martin, Touched by Death|It is a sad state of affairs in the USA that for the sick and the poor that jail offers better benefits than the freedom of no healthcare, bills that cannot be paid and starvation.
Yuval Noah Harari, Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind|We believe in a particular order not because it is objectively true, but because believing in it enables us to cooperate effectively and forge a better society. Imagined orders are not evil conspiracies or useless mirages. Rather, they are the only way large numbers of humans can cooperate effectivelyy.
Michael Coren, Why Catholics are Right|I'm afraid your literary prizes don't give you any jurisdiction in this particular instance, sir.
Bluenscottish|Leadership is when you build the team,have the tools,teach the trade,use their skills to ready them for success.~Bluenscottish
Arwen Elys Dayton, Seeker|•	They’re like chickens who get out of the henhouse, and they’re so proud of themselves, and so puffed up from being able to eat all the worms and beetles and caterpillars they want, that they never think about foxes.
Alan Froggatt|God created you to be useful for a mighty purpose. He wants you to be the light and the salt of the world. It is in your DNA to be a champion, a winner, a conqueror and a light-bearer. You were born to rule, to soar high like the eagle and be energetic like a young lion. He has deposited you on earth to be a solution, a problem solver and a service provider.
George Elliott|The early months of marriage often are times of critical tumult, - whether that of a shrimp pool or of deeper water, - which afterwards subside into cheerful peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God Almighty, I don’t want to ask for more. But to say more thanks.
William S. Burroughs, The Cat Inside|The noisy jay swoops by and reviles me, he complains of my meow and my malingering.I too am not a bit subdued, I too am uncontrollable,I sound my splenetic yowl over the roof of the h
Bradley Whitford|I have a political attitude, but I'm certainly not a politician.
Arthur K. Flam|It means, Day, that you're dying.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|I'm pretty, but I'm not beautiful. I sin, but I'm not the devil. I'm good, but I'm not an angel.
Lillian Hellman|Townes Van Zandt is the best songwriter in the whole world, and I'll stand on Bob Dylan's coffee table in my cowboy boots and say that.
Eoin Colfer, The Lost Colony|No matter what dimension you're in, there's a big-headed male trying to take over the world.
Debasish Mridha|Your heart has all the feelings, all the perception, and all the love that the universe ever had.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Those things for which the most money is demanded are never the things which the student most wants. Tuition, for instance, is an important item in the term bill, while for the far more valuable education which he gets by associating with the most cultivated of his contemporaries no charge is made.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|The choices we’re working with here are a block universe, where past, present and future all coexist simultaneously and everything has already happened; chaos, where anything can happen and nothing can be predicted because we can’t know all the variables; and a Christian universe in which God made everything and it’s all here for a purpose but we have free will anyway.
Ashok  Kallarakkal|The world is round, and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
Leo Tolstoy|To tell the truth is very difficult, and young people are rarely capable of it.
Dada Bhagwan|What is samkit (enlightened view; right belief)? One has to realize the complete authoritative power, and accept everyone’s worldly authority. People abuse their acquired authority and consequently loose their right for human birth (manushyapanu). Accept whatever authority one has.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The journey of success requires a map for effective navigation. Establish a destination by defining what you want. Once you have a destination, take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination.
Karina Halle, Dirty Angels|Today you closed your eyes on violence, tomorrow, the violence will close your eyes on you.
Kathryn Lasky|I tell people I'm on a diet. If somebody sees me with a muffin, they'll think I'm off my diet. It's like secret little police that I've made for myself.
Tana French, Broken Harbour|Now I recall my emotions at that moment, children seem to me a remarkable race. They want so much to murder so many people, and they so rarely murder anybody at all.
Jeff Miller|I think the greater responsibility, in terms of morality, is where leadership begins.
Felicity Heaton|His mouth was a little too wide and snaked from corner to corner. His nose had been broken a few times, and when you looked at him straight on like I was doing as I stared at him across the circle bar, you could really tell. But his eyes were beautiful, cunning and otherworldly. His hair was a controlled mess; wispy dark strands that swooped across his forehead with long sideburns. He had high cheekbones, a strong jawline. When you combined all the parts, they equaled so much more than the sum. He was exotically, dangerously beautiful. He'd been mine once. He'd broken my heart once. And he was here to kill me. He only needed to do that once, too.
Margaret Terry, Dear Deb: A Woman with Cancer, a Friend with Secrets, and the Letters That Became Their Miracle|I've been a storyteller since I was six years old when my mother had her first series of electroshock therapy treatments. I made up stories to keep my sisters quiet while mom slept." Dear Deb"I didn't know how it felt to have cancer, but I knew about fear." Dear Deb"Two people have tried to kill me. The first person was my mother." Dear Deb"I used to believe there were big miracles and little miracles. But, I'm not so sure God measures miracles." Dear Deb"I was raised to believe forgiveness was a gift I was supposed to give the person who hurt me, but that felt like giving a bully an ice cream cone after he pushed me down on the playground." Dear Deb"Miracles are one of God's ways of getting our attention. I know he got mine. It's a miracle I'm here." Dear Deb
Karl Marx, Wage-Labour and Capital/Value, Price and Profit|I know I’m not the patron saint of etiquette and me attitude stinks of arse, but at least I don’t dictate to nay cunt how they ought to spend their days. There are six billion of us on this rock. Why should we all like vanilla ice cream, wear supermarket denim and set our alarm clocks for the nine to five grind?
Henry T. Blackaby, Experiencing God: Knowing and Doing the Will of God, Workbook|Sow the help of God into your daily battles, and reap a harvest of victory.
Paula Boock, Dare Truth or Promise|The God of Imagination lived in fairytales. And the best fairytales made you fall in love. It was while flicking through "Sleeping Beauty" that I met my first love, Ivar. He was a six-year-old bello ragazzo with blond hair and eyebrows. He had bomb-blue eyes and his two front teeth were missing.The road to Happily Ever After, however, was paved with political barbed wire. Three things stood in my way.1. The object of my affection didn't know he was the object of my affection.2. The object of my affection preferred Action Man to Princess Aurora.3. The object of my affection was a boy and I wasn't allowed to love a boy.
Liturgy Training Publications|When you're finally up at the moon looking back on earth,all those differences and nationalistic traits are pretty well going to blend, and you're going to get a concept that maybe this really is one world and why the hell can't we live together like decent people?
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|Love gives us a heightened consciousness through which to apprehend the world, but anger gives us a precise, detached perception of its own.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|Days of slow walking are very long: they make you live longer, because you have allowed every hour, every minute, every second to breathe, to deepen, instead of filling them up by straining the joints…
Ella Leya, The Orphan Sky|I desire to know you. Every breath of your heart, every fleeting look on your face, the rhythm of your joys, and the melancholy of your sorrows.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Toadstool mandarins are a form of toxic jellyfish whose tentacles are loaded with entheogenic venom. The effects of a mandarin sting are threefold. The first is a sharp stinging sensation; the second a nasty red welt, which may fester if not treated with a salve of toadstool mandarin doodoo. And the third is a bold of self-awareness, thanks to the entheogens in the venom. Having been stung, a victim's typical reaction will be something like:Owww. Zark, that hurts.Then:Oh no. Look at this nasty red welt. I'm in the swimsuit competition later.And finally:What? I'm a latent misogynist with father issues!If a person is allergic to mandarin venom, one sting will prompt total self-awareness, leading to either immediate catatonia or a career as a talk show pundit.
Brodi Ashton, Neverfall|Subconsciously, we all want to be nebula... In the end, we’re all connected. We’re all going to become one cloud of light whether you like it or not. We’re all made of the same star dust.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|Although it would lead me to believe otherwise, fear has little interest in intimidating me. Rather, it much prefers to enslave me.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Prison Poems|Who am I? They often tell me I would step from my cell's confinement calmly, cheerfully, firmly, like a squire from his country-house.Who am I? They often tell me I would talk to my warden freely and friendly and clearly, as though it were mine to command.Who am I? They also tell me I would bear the days of misfortune equably, smilingly, proudly, like one accustomed to win.Am I then really all that which other men tell of, or am I only what I know of myself, restless and longing and sick, like a bird in a cage, struggling for breath, as though hands were compressing my throat, yearning for colors, for flowers, for the voices of birds, thirsting for words of kindness, for neighborliness, trembling with anger at despotisms and petty humiliation, tossing in expectation of great events, powerlessly trembling for friends at an infinite distance, weary and empty at praying, at thinking, at making, faint and ready to say farewell to it all.Who am I? This or the other? Am I one person today, and tomorrow another? Am I both at once? A hypocrite before others, and before myself a contemptibly woebegone weakling? Or is something within me still like a beaten army, fleeing in disorder from victory already achieved?Who am I? They mock me, these lonely questions of mine.Whoever I am, Thou knowest, O God, I am thine!
Richelle Mead, Storm Born|Hhhmm. A sense of humor.” He cocked his head to the side.“That actually might annoy me.”She frowned, ignoring the teasing sound to that oh-so-low voiceand, with heavy sarcasm answered, “Oh, well, that’ll keep me upnights.
Phil Strongman, Pretty Vacant: A History of UK Punk|May your Valentine’s Day be filled with adoration, pampering, and a pair of gorgeous, tiny-heeled Jimmy Choo sandals that are completely useless in this weather. Just remember: You are totally worth it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Love is prayerfulness groping toward godliness. Love is poetry born out of the sheer joy of being. Love is song, dance, celebration: a song of gratitude, a dance of thankfulness, celebration for no reason at all, for this tremendous gift that goes on showering on us, for this whole universe, from the dust to the divine.
Unarine Ramaru|Honor, More charged, 'is the religion of tragedy.' Emotions such as love, hate, ambition, pride, and jealousy, 'form a dazzling system of worldly morality,' which contradicts 'the spirit of that religion whose characteristics are charity, meekness, peaceableness, longsuffering, gentleness, forgiveness.
Jamie Zawinski|I think of it as a good opportunity to let, in particular, school kids know that this job and other interesting jobs in science and engineering are open to anyone who works hard in school and gets a good education and studies math and science. And that it's not just for a select group of people.
Karen Marie Moning, Dreamfever|My city. I pondered that phrase, wondered why Barrons felt that way. He never said “our world.” He always said “your world.” But he called Dublin his city. Merely because he’d been in it so long? Or had Barrons, like me, been beguiled by her tawdry grace, fallen for her charm and colorful dualities?I looked around “my” bookstore. That was what I called it. Did we call the things of our heart our own, whether they were or not?
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|I call these lessons ‘learned on the fly’ because the knowledge gained from the experiences connected with them were very much akin to the spirit of the centerfielder in baseball running backward at full speed, looking towards the heavens, trying to not lose sight of the ball or fail to notice the sensation of gravel from the warning track under his cleats as he knowingly approaches the blindside impact of an outfield wall. His focused intention guides him into trying to make the catch that will save the game for his team, his city and the harmony of the moment, despite the foreboding threat of a pending collision. Decisions in these situations are made in an instant. One weighs the purpose of the game, the success of the catch and one’s own safety of survival in a fleeting moment, and in all hopes one lives to tell about it in the glow of great success.
Robert Penn Warren, The Collected Poems of Robert Penn Warren|BeautyIs the fume-track of necessity. This thought Is therapeutic.If, after severalApplications, you do not findRelief, consult your family physician
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sit on the train tracks and really believe a train won’t come; lie in your house when it is inflamed and tell yourself that it really isn’t burning; go ahead, neglect all sort of reason and continue to tell yourself that what you believe is the irrefutable truth and the day will come when you are wakened by a piercing whistle and scorching flames.
Annabelle Selldorf|Architecture has curled up in a ball and it's about itself. It has found itself either as a freakshow, where you're not sure if it's good or bad but at least it's interesting, or at the behest of forces of commerce.
Jennifer Sky|I'm a good son, a good father, a good husband - I've been married to the same woman for 30 years. I'm a good friend. I finished college, I have my education, I donate money anonymously. So when people criticize the kind of characters that I play on screen, I go, 'You know, that's part of history.'
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|Accepting the fact that she did indeed have Alzheimer's, that she could only bank on two unacceptably effective drugs available to treat it, and that she couldn't trade any of this in for some other, curable disease, what did she want? Assuming the in vitro procedure worked, she wanted to live to hold Anna's baby and know it was her grandchild. She wanted to see Lydia act in something she was proud of. She wanted to see Tom fall in love. She wanted one more sabbatical year with John. She wanted to read every book she could before she could no longer read.She laughed a little, surprised at what she'd just revealed about herself. Nowhere in that list was anything about linguistics, teaching, or Harvard. She ate her last bite of cone. She wanted more sunny, seventy-degree days and ice-cream cones.
Kishore Bansal|Don't think, just feel it. I know you do; I can see it on your face.
C.J. Langenhoven|Friends should be like books, few, but hand-selected. 
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|Sascha nodded. "Want me to wait?""Do I want my mate to wait in a deserted forest while a dangerous Psy fugitive remains on the loose? Wait, let me think.""Sarcasm does not suit you." She kissed him again, laughter in her eyes.
Daniel Silva|Is it not possible — I often wonder — that things we have felt with great intensity have an experience independent of our minds; are in fact still in existence? And if so, will it not be possible,in time, that some device will be invented by which we can tap them? …Instead of remembering here a scene and there a sound, I shall fit a plug into the wall; and listen in to the past
John Patrick Hickey|On your journey to achievement, you should never be without good positive materials and people who will encourage you, excite you and give you a reason to move forward.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|But it was not the room’s disorder which was frightening; it was the fact that when one began searching for the key to this disorder, one realized that it was not to be found in any of the usual places. For this was not a matter of habit or circumstance or temperament; it was a matter of punishment and grief.
Paul Christensen, The Heretic Emperor|Documentary evidence says where there is smoke there is fire, be it holy smoke or otherwise.
Anne Robinson|My mum wants me to get married - and have children, of course. She's met Gaga; we've been dating a while. We're in a committed relationship, and I'm really happy in my relationship. I'm a very lucky guy. As far as having more of a domestic life and settling down into my relationship, we have to see what happens.
Sunday Adelaja|He who sees what is done in secret, rewards in the light
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|Many legal experts note that prosecutors regularly seek indictments of people or companies for destroying evidence or impeding investigations, even if they cannot prove other charges.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|She put one hand on mine. “When someone is in your heart, they’re never truly gone. They can come back to you, even at unlikely times.
Alan W. Watts, The Wisdom of Insecurity: A Message for an Age of Anxiety|He'd kept this silence because his own secrets were darker, more hidden, and because he believed that his secrets had created hers.
Stephen Colbert|I may be just an empty flesh terminal reliant on technology for all my ideas, memories and relationships, but I am confident that all of that everything that makes me a unique human being is still out there somewhere, safe in a theoretical storage space owned by giant, multinational corporations.
Dennis M. (Pap) Dupuis, Lobster Tales, Life Lessons, and Laughter|The thing I've never understood about dancing till now is that it only looks stupid when you're on the outside, watching other people do it. When you're part of the crowd, moving along with everyone else, I can't imagine anything else being quite as much fun.
Richie Norton|Don’t worry about getting credit, do the work anyway.
Josh Stern|Revenge! The stupidest motive on earth, just an attempt to change history.
M.F. Moonzajer|The death of American soldiers is as painful as the death of civilians in Afghanistan, and what makes our world a better place is not pouring more guns and weapons in this country, but educating the uneducated population. Since, those guns can ended up in the hands of dangerous group that can take the lives of many poor people in Afghanistan and everywhere else.
Bud Abbott|I don't have a TV or watch movies. I don't like to be broadcast to, I want to participate.
Jennifer Weiner, Fly Away Home|The only thing more unthinkable than leaving was staying; the only thing more impossible than staying was leaving. I didn't want to destroy anything or anybody. I just wanted to slip quietly out the back door, without causing any fuss or consequences, and then not stop running until I reached Greenland.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The ‘fact’ of my actions frequently collide with the ‘fiction’ of my words. And at what point will I live what I say, so I will avoid what I do?
Tom Petty|Steroids can seem necessary to compete at the highest levels, and the quick rewards can outweigh the long term consequences to the user's health.
John Ortberg|Jesus is why women have traveled continents, spent decades learning a strange language so they could translate the Gospel, planting churches, caring for the sick, educating the illiterate, and marching for the oppressed.
Malcolm X|I have often reflected upon the new vistas that reading has opened to me. I knew right there in prison that reading had changed forever the course of my life. As I see it today, the ability to read awoke inside me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive.
David C. Holley, Write like no one is reading|Women do not lie about their age. In fact, no woman ever has, its just that memory is the first thing to go.
Kiara Knopfmacher|the lights that show me the way maybe so simple, but for me they're enough to reach my way, to find the right path, I won't give up until my last breath.
Debasish Mridha|Like a bird, fly against the wind of opinions to reach your destination.
Vin Diesel|To be honest, the fact that people trust you gives you a lot of power over people. Having another person's trust is more powerful than all other management techniques put together.
Leonardo da Vinci|What is fair in men, passes away, but not so in art
Auliq Ice|Happiness is long-lasting, a condition of the soul, the foundation on which the circumstances of life are experienced, endured, or enjoyed.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|You can order yourself to treasure a moment, to cling tight to a feeling and never let it fade, but it’s your brain, that three-pound lump of hamburger, that makes the final call.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Adeline was really rather charming, she always had a man in her life, but it never worked out: either they were nice but she didn't find them very exciting; or they were exciting but she didn't find them particularly nice, or they were neither nice nor exciting and she wondered why she was with them at all. She found a way of making the exciting men nicer and that was by leaving them. But then, they weren't exciting anymore either.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Sometmes when you pull knives on people, they get this impression that you're going to hurt them, and then they're completely terrified. Crazy, I know!""Okay," said Nick. He turned to Jamie & popped his left wrist sheath again. "Look."Jamie backed up. "Which part of 'completely terrified' did you translate as 'show us your knives, Nick'? Don't show me your knives, Nick. I have no interest in your knives."Nick rolled his eyes. "This is a quillon dagger. That's a knife with a sword handle. I like it because it has a good grip for stabbing.""Why do you say these things?" Jamie inquired piteously. "Is it to make me sad?""I didn't have you cornered," Nick went on. "You could've run. And this dagger doesn't have an even weight distribution; it's absolute rubbish for throwing. If I had any intention of hurting you, I'd have used a knife I could throw."Jamie blinked. "I will remember those words always. I may try to forget them, but I sense that I won't be able to.
Jessa Crispin, Why I Am Not a Feminist: A Feminist Manifesto|There are advantages to being labeled the victim. You are listened to, paid attention to. Sympathy is bestowed upon you.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|The human heart is the first home of democracy. It is where we embrace our questions. Can we be equitable? Can we be generous? Can we listen with our whole beings, not just our minds, and offer our attention rather than our opinions? And do we have enough resolve in our hearts to act courageously, relentlessly, without giving up--ever--trusting our fellow citizens to join with us in our determined pursuit of a living democracy?
Ellen Ullman|You look at 30 Seconds to Mars, and you don't think, 'Ooh, I bet they're angry.' No one really does anger these days. I suppose it's a turn-off.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many people today have discarded the Bible’s clear teaching on sexual relations outside of marriage, simply because they are absorbed only in their own pleasures and desires.
Louise Hawes, The Language of Stars|If grief could burn outLike a sunken coal,The heart would rest quiet, The unrent soulBe still as a veil; But I have watched all nightThe fire grow silent, The grey ash soft:And I stir the stubborn flintThe flames have left, And grief stirs, and the deftHeart lies impotent.
Susan Vaught, Going Underground|Sometimes stories get on my nerves--especially the ones where unfair things keep happening to the hero over and over, for no reason at all, and he valiantly overcomes it all.Life isn't like that.Not every hero can stay valiant. Sometimes, they can't even stay a hero, so what does that make them? A failure? A pussy? A total failure jerkwad with no hope on the horizon save finding a cemetery and digging rectangles in the ground for the town drunk?
Marshawn Lynch|To me, Sid Vicious is cool. Super chill.
Steph Jagger, Unbound: A Story of Snow and Self-Discovery|The place we get lost is the very place that we're found, all we need to do is put one foot in front of the other.
Hans Christian Ørsted|Parts of you are phobic of anger and generally terrified and ashamed of angry dissociative parts. There is often tremendous conflict between anger-avoidant and anger-fixated parts of an individual. Thus, an internal and perpetual cycle of rage-shame-fear creates inner chaos and pain.
Joseph Smith Jr., The Book of Mormon: Another Testament of Jesus Christ|For he that diligently seeketh shall find; and the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto them, by the power of the Holy Ghost, as well in these times as in times of old as in times to come; wherefore, the course of the Lord is one eternal round" - 1 Nephi 10:19
V.C. Andrews, Seeds of Yesterday|I had heard the wind from the mountains calling me last night, telling me it was my time to go, and I woke up, knowing what to do.
|No matter how high you climb on the ladder of success, never forget those who helped you when things were very rough in your life.
Camille Cabujat|I'm usually a bit awkward in houses that I haven't been to before, so it's a way to not look weird. If I find something I've read before it automatically makes me more comfortable.
Albert Einstein|If you made a better rat than a human, it’s not much to boast about, Peter.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|Elise Vasquez and I stand shoulder to shoulder, watching the woman we both feel we lost, and may be never really had.
Tanith Lee, Night's Master|The things I’ve seen," he continues easily, "have shown me that the only constant is change. Too much power in one place is a fool’s errand. Eventually, and inevitably, no matter how good the intentions, or how long the life, power always wins out, and everyone suffers for it. The only true path of rational existence is balance; a constant re-assessment of the burdens of power, if you will.
Zack Fair|Embrace your dreams ... If you wanna be a hero, you gotta have dreams.
Pawel Pawlikowski|'Black Messiah' is a hell of a name for an album. It can easily be misunderstood. Many will think it's about religion. Some will jump to the conclusion that I'm calling myself a Black Messiah. For me, the title is about all of us. It's about the world. It's about an idea we can all aspire to. We should all aspire to be a Black Messiah.
John Ortberg, The Life You've Always Wanted: Spiritual Disciplines for Ordinary People|True joy, as it turns out, comes only to those who have devoted their lives to something greater than personal happiness.
Laurie R. King, The Beekeeper's Apprentice|XVXVI, or 10-5-10-5-1, yielded H-E-H-E-A, which, unless she wanted to show her derisive laughter, made no sense.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|There was only one reality, and Christ was Lord over all of it, or none.
Anamika Mishra|Mirror mirror on the wall,Show me the one who can conquer it all
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|Difficulties were fires. If you kept them in check, you could learn from them. You simply had to know how to fan them the right way.
Corey Taylor|Music is not a fucking soda. It is not a fucking insurance rate. It is not a fucking T-shirt. It is the only real religion that is worth devoting your soul to. It is the last remnant of the primal scream, the funeral dirge, and the wedding march. It is the light that keeps me out of the shadows, and it is the reason my immortal soul is not in dire straits.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|From the moment any of us utter our first goo-goo's and ga-ga's, we are as good as gone. At that precise instant, any possibility that It will ever arise in us is irrevocably crushed. If any proof is needed, consider how immune to strong emotion our society has grown. At your next visit to the local funeral parlor, glance at the mourners, who can more properly be defined as spectators. Notice how they smell, how well-dressed and dignified they are. This is because viewing the dead has become overwhelmingly acceptable as a social function. Yes, even the corpse is part of the festivities, lying there as the guest of honor, laid out in his best clothes, pumped full of chemicals and smeared with make-up as the patrons file by and nurse their long buried consciences with silk handkerchiefs.
Mary Buchan, Over iT: How to Live Above Your Circumstances and Beyond Yourself|Be great, read great books.
Alex Berenson|Did anyone in the White House or the N.S.A or the C.I.A. consider flying to Hong Kong and treating Mr. Snowden like a human being, offering him a chance to testify before Congress and a fair trial?
Mary Midgley, Animals and Why They Matter|The symbolism of meat-eating is never neutral. To himself, the meat-eater seems to be eating life. To the vegetarian, he seems to be eating death. There is a kind of gestalt-shift between the two positions which makes it hard to change, and hard to raise questions on the matter at all without becoming embattled.
Erwin Schrödinger, What Is Life? with Mind and Matter and Autobiographical Sketches|Our [Western] science has cut itself off from an adequate understanding of the Subject of Cognizance, of the mind. This is precisely the point where our present way of thinking needs to be amended, perhaps by a bit of blood-transfusion from Eastern thought.
S.W. Lothian, The Cursed Nile|The smell of dead fish lingered in the air, and excited flies darted from fish to fish lapping up the decay.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Once you cross the threshold, you will never be the same. That is a fact.
Jacques Lacan|The printed page conveys information and commitment, and requires active involvement. Television conveys emotion and experience, and it's very limited in what it can do logically. It's an existential experience - there and then gone.
Debasish Mridha|To add more power to your light, don’t fear the darkness of the night.
John McNee, Prince of Nightmares|Growing up, imagination gave way to cynicism. Ignorance was traded in for world weariness. Fears remained, but they were the dull, suburban fears of illness, destitution, and death. The visceral terror of the unknown- of unseen things lurking under the bed or creeping out of the cupboard- became a fuzzy memory.
Gina Greenlee, The Whole Person Guide to Your First Marathon: A Mind Body Spirit Companion|But such a person also has that annoying voice in the back of her head constantly reminding her that merely "coasting by" in life isn't an accomplishment.
Homer, The Odyssey|I will never do this, says one, yet does it: I am resolved to do this, says another; but flags upon second Thoughts: Or does it, tho’ awkwardly, for his Word’s sake: As if it were worse to break his Word, than to do amiss in keeping it.
S. Usher Evans|I have found the more fantastic the setting, the more truthful the confessions.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|In the dark, the little live Christmas tree, two feet tall, sparkled with tiny coloured lights, like the tears I saw glistening in my brother's eyes.
Saaif Alam|A definition of a term indicates its original meaning from the language the person reads, writes and speaks in daily life settings. However, an intellectual persons interpretation and perspective can modify its context so he or she can sound creative and compelling when he or she educates his or her audience by forming a connection with a particular vocabulary word scholars/ innovative thinkers would use specifically in a particular field of study.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Grades are still important, but they are not the most important things. As clichéd as it is, the things you learn outside class is more important than the textbooks you blindly memorize in time for exams.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|When two men live together they usually maintain a kind of shabby neatness out of incipient rage at each other. Two men alone are constantly on the verge of fighting, and they know it.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Look, it's easy to outsmart a werewolf or a vampire," Jace said. "They're no smarter than anyone else. But faeries live for hundreds of years and they're as cunning as snakes. They can't lie, but they love to engage in creative truth-telling. They'll find out whatever it is you want most in the world and give it to you—with a sting in the tail of the gift that will make you regret you ever wanted it in the first place." He sighed. "They're not really about helping people. More about harm disguised as help.
Nikki Rowe|I used that black magical elixir as amulet against all bad things and thoughts for that day. On the other hand, it was a liquid talisman for everybody else, to save them from being strangled by me.
Lynn Emanuel, Hotel Fiesta|The SleepingI have imagined all this:In 1940 my parents were in loveAnd living in the loft on West 10thAbove Mark Rothko who painted cabbage rosesOn their bedroom walls the night they got married.I can guess why he did it.My mother’s hair was the color of yellow applesAnd she wore a velvet hat with her pajamas.I was not born yet. I was remote as starlight.It is hard for me to imagine thatMy parents made love in a roomful of rosesAnd I wasn’t there.But now I am. My mother is blushing.This is the wonderful thing about art.It can bring back the dead. It can wake the sleepingAs it might have late that nightWhen my father and mother made love above RothkoWho lay in the dark thinking Roses, Roses, Roses.
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|Walking purposefully, in the knowledge that no one with their sleeves rolled up who walks purposefully with a piece of paper held conspicuously in their hand is ever challenged, he set off across the wood and canvas wonderland of Interesting and Instructive Kinematography.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|(Kate) had found multiple titles by individual authors scattered willy-nilly through the collection. It made her want to pull her hair out. Obviously!- an individual author's body of work all belonged on one shelf, the works arranged, in turn, by whatever system was most suitable: by volume number, alphabetically by title, or by the year of publication, or, in case of playwrights, works grouped by genre- tragedies with tragedies, comedies with comedies, histories with histories, and so on.
Gilbert Sorrentino|Outside of the dreary rubbish that is churned out by god knows how many hacks of varying degrees of talent, the novel is, it seems to me, a very special and rarefied kind of literary form, and was, for a brief moment only, wide-ranging in its sociocultural influence. For the most part, it has always been an acquired taste and it asks a good deal from its audience. Our great contemporary problem is in separating that which is really serious from that which is either frivolously and fashionably "radical" and that which is a kind of literary analogy to the Letterman show. It's not that there is pop culture around, it's that so few people can see the difference between it and high culture, if you will. Morton Feldman is not Stephen Sondheim. The latter is a wonderful what-he-is, but he is not what-he-is-not. To pretend that he is is to insult Feldman and embarrass Sondheim, to enact a process of homogenization that is something like pretending that David Mamet, say, breathes the same air as Samuel Beckett. People used to understand that there is, at any given time, a handful of superb writers or painters or whatever--and then there are all the rest. Nothing wrong with that. But it now makes people very uncomfortable, very edgy, as if the very idea of a Matisse or a Charles Ives or a Thelonious Monk is an affront to the notion of "ain't everything just great!" We have the spectacle of perfectly nice, respectable, harmless writers, etc., being accorded the status of important artists...Essentially the serious novelist should do what s/he can do and simply forgo the idea of a substantial audience.
Frederik L. Schodt, Dreamland Japan: Writings on Modern Manga|I’m very headstrong. Once I’ve caught fire, there’s no dousing the flames—all engines full speed ahead.
Manis Friedman, Doesn't Anyone Blush Anymore: Love, Marriage and the Art of Intimacy|It's like the old question, "Do you lock your house to keep people out, or to protect what's inside?" Should a person act modestly and dress modestly in order to prevent intrusion from the outside, undesirable things from happening, or to preserve and maintain what is inside: the delicate and sensitive ability to have and maintain an intimate relationship.
Stuart Haddon|The Scottish sun, shocked by having its usual cloudy underpinnings stripped away, shone feverishly, embarrassed by its nakedness.
L.A. Weatherly|Alex took a silent step closer to the kitchen door and watched unseen as willow spooned instant coffee into a pair of mugs.With another yawn, she scraped her hair off her face and stretched. She looked so entirely human, so drowsy and sleep-rumpled.For a moment, Alex just gazed at her, taking in her long tumble of hair, her wide green eyes and pixieish chin. Fleetingly, he imagined her eyes meeting his, wondering what she'd look like if she smiled
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, All In|The truth is, new furniture or a better house will never really satisfy - they will just set new, higher standards for what is acceptable to us for our comfort and contentment. When you take care of what you have and find joy right where you are, you set the right tone and expectations for contentment in all circumstances moving forward. Whether things get better or worse, our standard will be to love what we have and be grateful for it (even when we might not like it).
Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things|Is Obama Anything but Black?So lots of folk—mostly non-black—say Obama’s not black, he’s biracial, multiracial, black-and-white, anything but just black. Because his mother was white. But race is not biology; race is sociology. Race is not genotype; race is phenotype. Race matters because of racism. And racism is absurd because it’s about how you look. Not about the blood you have. It’s about the shade of your skin and the shape of your nose and the kink of your hair. Booker T. Washington and Frederick Douglass had white fathers. Imagine them saying they were not black.Imagine Obama, skin the color of a toasted almond, hair kinky, saying to a census worker—I’m kind of white. Sure you are, she’ll say. Many American Blacks have a white person in their ancestry, because white slave owners liked to go a-raping in the slave quarters at night. But if you come out looking dark, that’s it. (So if you are that blond, blue-eyed woman who says “My grandfather was Native American and I get discrimination too” when black folk are talking about shit, please stop it already.) In America, you don’t get to decide what race you are. It is decided for you. Barack Obama, looking as he does, would have had to sit in the back of the bus fifty years ago. If a random black guy commits a crime today, Barack Obama could be stopped and questioned for fitting the profile. And what would that profile be? “Black Man.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|God has not been trying an experiment on my faith or love in order to find out air-quality. He knew it already. It was I who did. In this trial He makes us occupy the dock, the witness box, and the day all at once. He always knew that my temple was a house of cards. His only way of making me realize that fact was to knock it down.
Prasetya Ramadhan|hit with your fist, not with your finger spread
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|Here she comes, running, out of prison and off the pedestal: chains off, crown off, halo off, just a live woman.
Paul Miller, Love Walked Among Us: Learning to Love Like Jesus|I pictured the two of them alone. Perhaps showering together, as Rome and I liked to do. My stomach clenched painfully, amusement forgotten. “Cody, will you take me to the nearest clinic? I need someone to dig the knife out of my back. Lexis might need it again. And the good doctor might want to give me a tetanus shot. I think she bled on me.” Stunned silence. I often had that effect.
David Gemmell|Charms and oaths and guardian spirits were all the product of a need for something to believe in because people didn’t believe in themselves, a need to let problems resolve on their own rather than confront them. People were predominantly fearful of disruption, even of the things they found overbearing, even as they attempted to wish them away. It was why they invented heroes. It was why the world suffered through long periods of stagnation between innovations. Because rather than change the things that needed change, people preferred to cower and wait until a hero arrived to do it for them. Assuming by that point it was not already too late.
Alyson Serena Stone, Once|Once upon a time, there had been a seventeen-year-old assassin who had never let anyone get closer to her. Then, with the turning of a page, her story changed forever.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Crawling out of the flophouseI saw the mayor stealing my junkI doth protest, citizen's arrestNow my body's in his trunkWhere's the shadow government when you need it?Where's the shadow government?It's a bad, bad world!
Charlie Higson, The Hunted|How to describe the excitement I felt when I saw this beautiful work and realized its potential? I guess it's like when, after a long journey, suddenly a mountain peak comes in full view. You catch your breath, take in its majestic beauty, and all you can say is "Wow!" It's the moment of revelation. You have not yet reached the summit, you don't even know yet what obstacles lie ahead, but its allure is irresistible, and you already imagine yourself at the top. It's yours to conquer now. But do you have the strength and stamina to do it?
Laura Munson, This Is Not The Story You Think It Is: A Season of Unlikely Happiness|Lennie rolled off the bunk and stood up, and the two of them started for the door. Just as they reached it, Curley bounced in."You seen a girl around here?" he demanded angrily.George said coldly, "'Bout half an hour ago maybe.""Well, what the hell was she doin'?"George stood still, watching the angry little man. He said insultingly, "She said--she was lookin' for you."Curley seemed really to see George for the first time. His eyes flashed over George, took in his height, measured his reach, looked at his trim middle. "Well, which way'd she go?" he demanded at last."I dunno," said George. "I didn't watch her go."Curley scowled at him, and turning, hurried out the door.George said, "Ya know, Lennie, I'm scared I'm gonna tangle with that bastard myself. I hate his guts. Jesus Christ! Come on. There won't be a damn thing left to eat.
Abraham Lincoln|I may be president of the United States, but my private life is nobody's damned business.
Gordon Korman, Schooled|They don't have regular time at school, you know. They have periods. All of a sudden an alarm goes off and you're supposed to drop what you're doing and rush off to a different room with a different teacher to do something completely different! How can anybody learn like that?
Ben Monopoli, The Painting of Porcupine City|Through pain and growth, I have come to appreciate -no, more than that-I've come to love my fence, even though it may be different than the neighbors'. The concept of perfection is not flawless or ripped from a magazine. It's happiness. Happiness with all itsmessiness and not-quite-thereness. It's knowing that life is short, and the moments we choose to fill our cup wiht should be purposeful and rich. That we should be present for life, that we should drink deeply. And that's perfection. And my dad and my mom and my family-my past, present, and future with Nella, what the world may view as broken or damaged-have taught me what true beauty really is.
Malcolm X|History is a people's memory, and without a memory, a man is demoted to the lower animals.
Chuck Palahniuk|It is said that man doesn't live by bread alone. Sometimes this is unfortunate, because people who cannot live by bread alone too often kill other people in consequence of the fights they get into.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When I quote Scripture, I know I am quoting the very Word of God.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|God had mercy, he knew. The Mongols had none.
Steven J. Lawson, The Kind of Preaching God Blesses|We've taken the lifeblood out of Christianity and put Kool-Aid in its place so that it tastes better to the crowds, and the consequences are catastrophic. ~Follow Me, pg. 7
Cathy Lamb, Such A Pretty Face|silence across the field. When they reached the edge of the forest, Claire’s anxiety faded. It really would be easier
Vijaya Bharathy|If values are woven into the very concept of education, where is the need for separate value education?
LL Cool J|Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams.
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|He knew that when someone loves someone this much that they forgive everything. They will not even be aware that forgiveness is needed because they see you as perfect in all that you are and in all that you do. They live their lives in total love for themselves and for you, so that nothing you do can hurt or harm them because their love is stronger than anything that can happen. This level of love wipes every slate clean and becomes the basis of a love that will grow and grow until it is bigger and stronger than anything that could ever threaten to destroy it.
Prem Rawat|When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|Maybe that was the secret to happiness, I thought, being free of the responsibility of yourself.
Nick Hornby|Love is a noun as well as a verb, a treacherous construct.
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|Nature in her green, tranquil woods heals and soothes all affliction,’ wrote John Muir. ‘Earth hath no sorrows that earth cannot heal.’ Now I knew this for what it was: a beguiling but dangerous lie. I was furious with myself and my own conscious certainty that t his was the cure I needed. Hands are for other humans to hold. They should not be reserved exclusively as perches for hawks. And the wild is not a panacea for the human soul; too much in the air can corrode it to nothing.
Hideaki Sorachi|That's a good attitude. You should hate me more, curse me more, and detest me! Then you should take the power of that hatred and use it to survive this rotten world.
Louis L'Amour, Westward the Tide|So many things that are so dramatic or exciting when you read about them actually happen so simply and quietly. We humans like to consider ourselves important to creation and to the world, and we expect that whenever death comes it should be with a crash of thunder and wild shouts or something, or with soft music around and people looking grave and serious. We always have it that way in the theatre because it makes us believe in our importance. Most of our life is a matter of dressing ourselves up to believe in just that, dressing ourselves in attractive clothes, in titles, in reputations. Actually, at base we all realize that we're just a frightened bundle of animals, still afraid of the unknown, and still afraid of thousands of things that can separate us from life, and trying to shield ourselves from our own smallness.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|All these angels start coming out of the boxes and everywhere, guys carrying crucifixes and stuff all over the place, and the whole bunch of them - thousands of them - singing “Come All Ye Faithful” like mad. Big deal. It’s supposed to be religious as hell, I know, and very pretty and all, but I can’t see anything religious or pretty, for God’s sake, about a bunch of actors carrying crucifixes all over the stage. When they all finished and started going out the boxes again, you could tell they could hardly wait to get a cigarette of something. I saw it with old Sally Hayes the year before, and she kept saying how beautiful it was, the costumes and all. I said old jesus probably would’ve puked if he could see it.
Shel Silverstein|Pirate Captain Jim"Walk the plank," says Pirate Jim"But Captain Jim, I cannot swim.""Then you must steer us through the gale.""But Captain Jim, I cannot sail.""Then down with the galley slaves you go.""But Captain Jim, I cannot row.""Then you must be the pirate's clerk.""But Captain Jim, I cannot work.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|Wooing, wedding, and repenting is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a cinque-pace: the first suit is hot and hasty like a Scotch jig--and full as fantastical; the wedding, mannerly modest, as a measure, full of state and ancientry; and then comes repentance and with his bad legs falls into the cinque-pace faster and faster, till he sink into his grave.
Guatama Buddha|Even if you think you are thinking and acting globally, there is always more to learn and know!
Toby Reynolds|The way to be happy is totake pleasure in what you do and how you do it, not inimagining that happiness is some place at the end of the road.
Lauren Beukes, Zoo City|I got addicted. News, particularly daily news, is more addictive than crack cocaine, more addictive than heroin, more addictive than cigarettes. 
Lincoln Steffens|Brand is just a perception, and perception will match reality over time. Sometimes it will be ahead, other times it will be behind. But brand is simply a collective impression some have about a product.
Stephen Richards|Unless someone has lived your life, no one can live your dream!
John Langdon|Empathy is key in the design process, especially when you start expanding outside of your comfort zone to new languages, cultures, and age groups. If you try to assume what those people want, you're likely to get it wrong.
Rufi Thorpe, Dear Fang, With Love|Dissociative identity disorder is conceptualized as a childhood onset, posttraumatic developmental disorder in which the child is unable to consolidate a unified sense of self. Detachment from emotional and physical pain during trauma can result in alterations in memory encoding and storage. In turn, this leads to fragmentation and compartmentalization of memory and impairments in retrieving memory.2,4,19 Exposure to early, usually repeated trauma results in the creation of discrete behavioral states that can persist and, over later development, become elaborated, ultimately developing into the alternate identities of dissociative identity disorder.
Leila Janah|Sometimes people ask me why I began perestroika. Were the causes basically domestic or foreign? The domestic reasons were undoubtedly the main ones, but the danger of nuclear war was so serious that it was a no less significant factor.
Suzy  Davies|I thought I would write a love letter. But then, I wrote a book." - Suzy Davies, on "Johari's Window
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|...I have sometimes thought that the mere hearing of those songs would do more to impress some minds with the horrible character of slavery, than the reading of whole volumes of philosophy on the subject could do.I did not, when a slave, understand the deep meaning of those rude and apparently incoherent songs. I was myself within the circle; so that I neither saw nor heard as those without might see and hear. They told a tale of woe which was then altogether beyond my feeble comprehension; they were tones loud, long, and deep; they breathed the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with bitterest anguish. Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God for deliverance from chains. The hearing of those wild notes always depressed my spirit, and filled me with ineffable sadness. I have frequently found myself in tears while hearing them. The mere recurrence to those songs, even now, afflicts me; and while I am writing these lines, an expression of feeling has already found its way down my cheek. To those songs I trace my first glimmering conception of the dehumanizing character of slavery. I can never get rid of that conception. Those songs still follow me, to deepen my hatred of slavery, and quicken my sympathies for my brethren in bonds. If any one wishes to be impressed with the soul-killing effects of slavery, let him go to Colonel Lloyd's plantation, and, on allowance-day, place himself in the deep pine woods, and there let him, in silence, analyze the sounds that shall pass through the chambers of his soul, - and if he is not thus impressed, it will only be because "there is no flesh in his obdurate heart."I have often been utterly astonished, since I came to the north, to find persons who could speak of the singing, among slaves, as evidence of their contentment and happiness. It is impossible to conceive of a greater mistake. Slaves sing most when they are most unhappy. The songs of the slave represent the sorrows of his heart; and he is relieved by them, only as an aching heart is relieved by its tears. At least, such is my experience. I have often sung to drown my sorrow, but seldom to express my happiness. Crying for joy, and singing for joy, were alike uncommon to me while in the jaws of slavery. The singing of a man cast away upon a desolate island might be as appropriately considered as evidence of contentment and happiness, as the singing of a slave; the songs of the one and of the other are prompted by the same emotion.
John  Altman, In the Nick of Time - The Autobiography of John Altman, EastEnders' Nick Cotton|There is a power within and without. If you ask, it answers. It's just a matter of being calm and wise and listening. It takes years.
Whitney Barbetti, Ten Below Zero|I knelt and locked the door. I locked the door locking the world and time outside. I stretched my body across the mattress and Saskia drew in close to me and placed her open hand on my chest, her mouth near my shoulder; her breath, my breath blew out the candle, and I held my lost Wanderess with tenderness until sweet sleep overcame us.
Kylie Bisutti, I'm No Angel: From Victoria's Secret Model to Role Model|Had I been further along in my Christian walk and more focused on serving God rather than myself, I might have seen that. But I still had a long way to go in my faith. In my mind, being a Christian meant that God loved me and that He wanted me to be happy, healthy, and successful. I’d been listening to CDs that taught me how to transform my mind, when I should have been immersing myself in the Bible so God could transform my heart through His Word. Up to that point, I’d been treating God like a genie in a lamp, making childish wishes and then waiting for Him to deliver.But God didn’t send His Son to die on the cross so that one day I could become a famous fashion model. He doesn’t exist to serve me; I exist to serve Him.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Some people have abusive, negative, controlling tendencies in their blood; they are wired for havoc, bickering and deception.
Josh Ross, Scarred Faith: When Doubts Become Allies of Deep Faith|Faith can be stirred within the walls of church buildings, but faith is formed and nourished in the waiting rooms of hospitals, helplessly witnessing a thirty-one-year-old sister suffer, holding kids affected by the AIDS epidemic, and being stretched outside of our own social makeup.
Lauren F. Winner, Girl Meets God|Some days, I believe the Christian story even more than I believe in Australia. After all, I have never been to Australia, it is just a picture on a map. I don't know if I will ever go there, but I know that eventually I am going to Glory.Living the Christian life, however, is not about that Australia kind of believing. It is about a promise to believe even when you don't.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Home. It's being new and old all rolled into one. Measuring your new against old friends, old ways, old places, Knowing that as long as the old survives, you can keep changing as much as you want without the nightmare of waking up to a total stranger.
Susan Cain|For decades, parents were told by so-called parenting 'experts' that offspring would be best raised on the belief each is special and entitled to all life has to offer.
Bo Schembechler, Bo's Lasting Lessons: The Legendary Coach Teaches the Timeless Fundamentals of Leadership|Get fired, no one will call you a quitter.
Jenkin Lloyd Jones|We peruse one ideal, that of bringing people together in peace, irrespective of race, religion and political convictions, for the benefit of mankind.
Paul Gitwaza|The fame is birthed through the opposition. The success through the dynamism of fighting the despair. No fight, No lift!
Lee Spetner|To understand Darwin's work, you have to distinguish between his theory of descent and his theory of natural selection. THe full name of the first is the theory of descent with modification. Some call it the fact of evolution, and some call it the doctrine of evolution.
Jenny Lewis|After my second marriage failed... I said, 'You know, could I have a relationship with a man? A loving relationship with a man that would involve intimacy?' For a while, before I did get into a relationship, I saw, for a few years, either women or men. And I found that I could be attracted to both.
Alex Karpovsky|I have a saying: 'I'm good for three things: making fried bologna sandwiches, making money and picking out good movies.'
Diane Meier, The Season of Second Chances|There are photographs of people you don't recognize and photographs of you in ways you don't wish to be remembered, but they each contain elements of places or times you do not wish to forget.
Aaron Sorkin|When you're a pro athlete, life is very narcissistic - everything relates back to you and how you play. When you are getting out of pro sports, you suddenly have to get a little more mindful of what's going on around you and how you affect the rest of the world.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Phantom Phantasia: Poetry for the Phantom of the Opera Phan|True beauty lies not upon gilded veneers,But found in the soul within.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Consequence|That was the problem with ones actions. They would always remain ‘acted’. They always remained ‘being done’, and their influence on the world, whether small or big , would always be palpable. You couldn't refute the past. He would always remain liable for the consequences of his actions. Should anyone knock on his door and ask for reparation, he would give what was asked of him without question. There simply was no way of clearing the world of its history, and its history was simply a compilation of the existence of people and other organisms , and their actions. Of things which had been done.
Augusta Li, The Brush Whistler's Song|The Cat: When the wine drinks itself, when the skull speaks, when the clock strikes the right time, only then will you find the tunnel that leads to the Red Bull. There be a trick to it, of course.
Nouman Ali Khan|So dear to heaven is saintly chastity, That when a soul is found sincerely so, A thousand liveried angels lackey her, Driving far off each thing of sin and guilt, And in clear dream, and solemn vision Tell her of things that no gross ear can hear, Till oft converse with heavenly habitants Begin to cast a beam on the outward shape, The unpolluted temple of the mind, And turns it by degrees to the soul's essence, Till all be made immortal
James Thomson|True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
R.F. Georgy, Absolution: A Palestinian Israeli Love Story|I don’t subscribe to the notion of seeing no color, that we’re all the same and race doesn’t exist. It’s a social and political reality that we live in. The problem when people say we should concentrate on similarities is that they’re ignoring glaring parts of our humanness—our skin, perhaps the color of our hair, the way we speak, or even the shape of our eyes.
Claude Debussy|We accept it because we have seen the vision. We know that we cannot reap the harvest, but we hope that we may so well prepare the land and so diligently sow the seed that our successors may gather the ripened grain.
Kay Ryan, The Best of It: New and Selected Poems|The party in Alobar’s head, which agitation and anxiety were throwing, now was crashed by a notion: existence can be rearranged.
Atul Gawande, Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science|Science of yoga and ayurveda is subtler than the science of medicine, because science of medicine is often victim of statistical manipulation.
Terry Pratchett|The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head.
Sean O'Casey|I'm not looking at money, percentage points or grosses. This is my life, you know? To me, every day matters.
Nicholson Baker|It's time for bed. And here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to get in bed, and I don't have anyone to sleep with now, so what I do is I sleep with my books. And I know that's kind of weird and solitary and pathetic. But if you think about it, it's very cozy. Over a period of four, five, six, seven, nine, twenty nights of sleeping, you've taken all these books to bed with you, and you fall asleep, and the books are there.***Some of the books are thick, and some are thin, some of the books are in hardcover and some in paperback. Sometimes they get rolled up with the pillows and the blankets. And I never make the bed. So it's like a stew of books. The bed is the liquid medium. It's a Campbell's Chunky Soup of books. The bed you eat with a fork.
Mercy Brown, Stay Until We Break|The kiss I like the most is one of the slow ones. It's as much breath as touch, as much no as yes. You lean in from the side, and I have to turn a little to make it happen.
William Hazlitt|The strength of a man's virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts.
Rachel Field|Oh, well, it might look like a patterned world, laid out in prim design, but to those living there it could never be so simple. They were as alive as she: that old peasant contriving to outwit the cold; that woman anxiously counting her comical flock lest one goose escape her vigilance; all those who slept, or toiled, or loved under the low-hung roofs or the sharp turrets. Those people out there, if they caught sight of her own face pressed close to the window pane, might be speculating about her. To them she was part of the pattern of the lumbering train with its trail of smoke and little boxlike carriages. Perhaps they envied her, riding at ease to distant Paris. How little they knew of that! How little she herself know what awaited her at the end of the journey!
Rico Rodriguez|But for me, I thought you made a record, you got on a bus, went out and played your shows and made a lot of money. That was the way it was supposed to go down. But there's a lot more to it than that. There are a lot of early mornings, late nights, a lot of traveling, a lot of being away from home, being away from your family.
Tiffany Winfree|When you make up your mind that you want to be Great, you have to learn about the Great people of the past, the Great people who changed the world, and the Great people of each respective category of absolutely everything you can think of. You have to saturate your mind in greatness. You literally have to get a degree in it. Greatness is a journey into those who have come before you. ‪
Shawn L. Bird, Awakening Dreams|Good characters make you feel like you have new friends, don’t they? You have to re-read the books just to visit with them again. Grace Awakening. Book one: Awakening Dreams
Anonymous|Don’t tell me how educated you are, tell me how much you traveled.
Alex  Jackson, Labaerak|Good words alone does not make a person good, but good deeds makes a person great.
Deborah Norville|People are complaining of having rags and not riches, but I find it a blessing just to have rags, to wipe away the dirt and dust that may come in the course of life.
Pamela Clare, Skin Deep|If you think your scars bother me, you're wrong. In my eyes, you're a hero. Your scars are just proof of that.
Stephen Kendrick, The Love Dare|Love chooses to believe the best about people. It gives them the benefit of the doubt. It refuses to fill in the unknowns with negative assumptions. And when our worst hopes are proven to be true, love makes every effort to deal with them and move forward. As much as possible, love focuses on the positive.
Nina Guilbeau, Too Many Sisters|Everyone keeps telling me that time heals all wounds, but no one can tell me what I’m supposed to do right now. Right now I can’t sleep. It’s right now that I can’t eat. Right now I still hear his voice and sense his presence even though I know he’s not here. Right now all I seem to do is cry. I know all about time and wounds healing, but even if I had all the time in the world, I still don’t know what to do with all this hurt right now.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|She did understand, or at least she understood that she was supposed to understand. She understood, and said nothing about it, and prayed for the power to forgive, and did forgive. But he can't have found living with her forgiveness all that easy. Breakfast in a haze of forgiveness: coffee with forgiveness, porridge with forgiveness, forgiveness on the buttered toast. He would have been helpless against it, for how can you repudiate something that is never spoken? She resented, too, the nurse, or the many nurses, who had attended my father in the various hospitals. She wished him to owe his recovery to her alone—to her care, to her tireless devotion. That is the other side of selflessness: its tyranny.
Marc Jacobs|Whether it's an $11 flip-flop or a $2 key ring or a $2,000 dress, they're all done with integrity. They're all done with a design sense. As long as the creativity exists, then I don't think it's a sellout. A sellout is putting your name on any piece of crap and then expecting people to buy it because it's got your name on it.
Georges Bernanos|I'm not at the point where I'd feel safe in a house alone. I would be really scared. I'm the kind of person that when I get up to go use the bathroom I have this big long hallway, and I just know someone's going to jump out and get me.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone's Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Innovators are pioneers, great problem-solvers; and creators of a better context.
Rachel Caine, Carpe Corpus|What’s your name?' she asked, and surprised herself. But for some reason, she wanted to know.Dean’s brother—he hadn’t been just some nameless Bad Guy Number Four. This vampire wasn’t, either. He had a name, a history, maybe even people who cared what happened to him.'My name is none of your business,' he said, and continued to stare out the window, even though there was nothing but blurry brick out there.'Can I call you None for short?
Pearl S. Buck, The Good Earth|I am sure that if the mothers of various nations could meet, there would be no more wars.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be bold in mind, in spirit and in faith.
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|But I discovered that people like me -- they do, you know, if you like them -- and then it was all right.
Raylene Roybal|We have to be ready for the blessings God tosses at us. In order to catch your blessing, you have to let go of your burden.
Robert Greene, Mastery|the promise of pleasures so alluring that we may devote our lives to their pursuit, and then the haunting realization that these pleasures ultimately do not satisfy.
Cynan Jones, The Dig|He was just about to turn the light off, when there was a heavy, “Tappety, tap, tappety, tap,” on the door. It was the kind of loud sound that could only be made with a hoof. A moose’s hoof, that is." - Snugs The Snow Bear
Atul Gawande, Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science|In these days before antiseptics, doctors themselves also suffered high mortality rates. Florence Nightingale, a nurse during the Crimean War (1853-1856), watched one particularly inept surgeon cut both himself and, somehow, a bystander while blundering about during an amputation. Both men contracted an infection and died, as did the patient. Nightingale commented that it was the only surgery she'd ever seen with 300 percent mortality.
Wendy Mills, All We Have Left|People do terrible things. People do beautiful things. It's against the black backdrop of evil that the shining light of good shows the brightest. We can't just focus on the darkness of the night, or we'll miss out on the stars.
Max Born|I believe that ideas such as absolute certitude, absolute exactness, final truth, etc. are figments of the imagination which should not be admissible in any field of science... This loosening of thinking seems to me to be the greatest blessing which modern science has given to us. For the belief in a single truth and in being the possessor thereof is the root cause of all evil in the world.
Robert Pozen|But I do believe that a woman's truest place is in a home, with a husband and with children, and with large freedom, pecuniary freedom, personal freedom, and the right to vote.
Esmé Raji Codell, Educating Esmé: Diary of a Teacher's First Year|So much of teaching is sharing. Learning results in sharing, sharing results in change, change is learning. The only other job with so much sharing is parenting. That's probably why the two are so often confused.
Sheldon S. Wolin, Democracy Incorporated: Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism|The health of democracy, not its hate, is its best propaganda.
V. S. Naipaul|My restless, roaming spirit would not allow me to remain at home very long.
Robert McAfee Brown|True patriotism is not worship of our nation but rather, in the light of our worship of the God of justice, to conform our nation's ways of justice.
Nofal|Defy me not for gleam can only shine in my existence" said Darkness.
Jane Cousins, To Vex A Valkyrie|Brodie found herself frowning in confusion, the rugged handsome one was making no sense. “But I just want to have sex with you… no commitment, no sharing. If anything, I would prefer it if you didn’t talk at all, before, during, or after the act.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|He gave her a sly, sideways look. "Did youbring it?""My list? Heavens, no. What can you be thinking?"His smile widened. "I brought mine."Daphne gasped. "You didn't!""I did. Just to torture Mother. I'm going peruse it right in front of her, pull out my quizzing glass—""You don't have a quizzing glass."He grinned—the slow, devastatingly wicked smile that all Bridgerton males seemed to possess. "I bought one just for this occasion.""Anthony, you absolutely cannot. She will kill you. And then, somehow, she'll find a way to blame me.""I'm counting on it.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Leadership needs continuous learning from experience. Every time you learn something new, you re-wire your brain.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The Master said, "I have not seen a person who loved virtue, or onewho hated what was not virtuous. He who loved virtue, would esteemnothing above it. He who hated what is not virtuous, would practicevirtue in such a way that he would not allow anything that is notvirtuous to approach his person."Is any one able for one day to apply his strength to virtue? I havenot seen the case in which his strength would be insufficient."Should there possibly be any such case, I have not seen it.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Sometimes Vin imagined she was like the ash, or the wind, or the mist itself. A thing without thought, capable of simply being, not thinking, caring, or hurting. Then she could be...free.
Initially NO, Percipience: Outside the Range of Understood Sense|You can never take anything personally. Just a story. It’s not their fault they want to kick you and it’s certainly not yours. It’s just the way things are. Sometimes you need to hear the worst, so you have no fear in what you do and learn to work around the what-have-you.
Yiyun Li, Gold Boy, Emerald Girl|Never would I have a more memorable time than the month I spent in the mountains, though I wonder, when I say this, if it appears so only because it is our nature to make a heaven out of places to which we can never return.
Tali Alexander, Lost in Rewind|I got my heart checked, report says it's perfectly normal, there is no trace of love in it
Jason Schwartzman|I've learned how to look at things and not judge them, but respect them and use it in a way that people understand that I respect them, show them love and respect their reality.
C.S. Lewis|Thought is what we start from: the simple, intimate, immediate datum. Matter is the inferred thing, the mystery.
George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion and Related Readings|I should avoid that emotion, when I laugh I always think that I'm somehow an a guy who lowers his IQ.
Jerusalem Jackson Greer, A Homemade Year: The Blessings of Cooking, Crafting, and Coming Together|Hanging laundry on a line is a very ordinary task. It is as ordinary as scraped knees and lost keys, as fixing the same simple dish for supper again, and again. Ordinary is most days, and Lord helps is if we overlook them.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Evil would never bring Good, however much they wanted to believe that it would. By the time they discovered the truth, it would be too late.
Meg|Listen, I am someone who had chosen to earn their daily bread killing other people. I'm inclined to give people a bit of leeway when it comes to their actions and decisions.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|We stopped to browse in the cases, and now that William - with his new glasses on his nose - could linger and read the books, at every title he discovered he let out exclamations of happiness, either because he knew the work, or because he had been seeking it for a long time, or finally because he had never heard it mentioned and was highly excited and titillated. In short, for him every book was like a fabulous animal that he was meeting in a strange land.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Some bow to the spirit of collectivism, while you ascend to the spirit of your own eclectic rhythms.
William Kingdon Clifford, The Ethics of Belief and Other Essays|In like manner, if I let myself believe anything on insufficient evidence, there may be no great harm done by the mere belief; it may be true after all, or I may never have occasion to exhibit it in outward acts. But I cannot help doing this great wrong towards Man, that I make myself credulous. The danger to society is not merely that it should believe wrong things, though that is great enough; but that it should become credulous, and lose the habit of testing things and inquiring into them; for then it must sink back into savagery.
Søren Kierkegaard|Every mental act is composed of doubt and belief,but it is belief that is the positive, it is beliefthat sustains thought and holds the world together.
Giordano Bruno|Having plants and flowers in my space makes me feel very calm and Zen. For me, it's important to meditate every morning to be very clear in the head, and nature really helps me do the same thing.
Charli XCX|I have a lot of amazing women, you know, women in my life who have been an example for me of what not to do.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|Imagine trying to live in a world dominated by dihydrogen oxide, a compound that has no taste or smell and is so variable in its properties that it is generally benign but at other times swiftly lethal. Depending on its state, it can scald you or freeze you. In the presence of certain organic molecules it can form carbonic acids so nasty that they can strip the leaves from trees and eat the faces off statuary. In bulk, when agitated, it can strike with a fury that no human edifice could withstand. Even for those who have learned to live with it, it is an often murderous substance. We call it water.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|My artwork isn't evolving, it's deconstructing, and I don't know why.
Henry Miller|Whoever uses the spirit that isin him creatively is an artist. Tomake living itself an art, that isthe goal.
Matt L. Rawlins, There's an Elephant in the Room|If you can't talk about it, you can't change it.
Jim Gilliam, The Internet is My Religion|If you have half a nothing - sell it for a double something, resell half at double-price, and buy another something and a half - how much nothing will you have two days from then? Like three. Because three is the short version of π, and π is involved in virtually anything, in some form, if you believe what the internet tells you.
Jane Austen, Catharine and Other Writings|[I]f a book is well written, I always find it too short.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|Sincere and unspiteful laughter is mirth, but where is there any mirth in our time, and do people know how to be mirthful?... A man's mirth is a feature that gives away the whole man, from head to foot. Someone's character won't be cracked for a long time then the man bursts out laughing somehow quite sincerely, and his whole character suddenly opens up as if on the flat of your hand. Only a man of the loftiest and happiest development knows how to be mirthful infectiously, that is, irresistibly and goodheartedly. I'm not speaking of his mental development, but of his character, of the whole man. And so, if you want to discern a man and know his soul, you must look, not at how he keeps silent, or how he speaks, or how we weeps, or even how he is stirred by the noblest ideas, but you had better look at him when he laughs. If a man has a good laugh, it means he's a good man.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|The traditional Indian mind has been for centuries, and still is, first religious, and then everything else.
Tom Holt|After all, what else is scientific enquiry of any sort other than a controlled version of banging one's head against the universe until something gives?
Cambria Hebert, Whiteout|Whether we fall by ambition, blood or lustLike diamonds, we are cut with our own dust
Joel Robuchon|If someone offered me a free trip to the International Space Station, I would decline. I like Earth. I like the internet. I like Diet Coke. I have cats. I write about brave people - I'm not one of them.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Reality is infinitely complex, yet it is designed to experience in simplicity.
Sunday Adelaja|For the first time on Planet Earth (in 1964 America), a nation was made up of more college students than farmers. An unheard-of 42% of high school graduates sought higher education.
Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win|Used to be hewas my heart's desire.His forthright gaze,his expert hands:I'd lie on the couch with my eyesclosed just thinking about it.Never about the factthat everything changes,that even this,my best passion,would not be immune.No, I would bask on in aneternal daydream of the handsfinding me, the gaze like a windingstair coaxing me down. . . .Until I caught a glimpseof something in the mirror:silly girl in her lingerie,dancing with the furniture--a hot little bundle, flush withcliches. Into that pairof too-bright eyes I lookedand saw myself. And something else: would never look that way.
Tessa Shaffer, Heaven Has No Regrets|One thing I learned in life, the only true friend you have in this world is your self.
Nick Saban|If you're so afraid of failure, you will never succeed. You have to take chances.
Peyton Manning|From a relationship perspective, givers build deeper and broader connections.
Alex Finn|The seasons tell us, everything in organic life tells us, that there is no holding on; still, we try to do just that. Sometimes, though, we learn the kind of wisdom that celebrates the open hand.
Alexandra Katehakis|Right where you are, the potential of the universe is.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|You can’t substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship. Money is not a substitute for tenderness, and power is not a substitute for tenderness.
Judith Orloff, Second Sight|Sometimes violence cannot be stopped no matter what we do. But the more peaceful we are, the better chance we have of bringing out the peace in those around us.
Crystal Evans, Jamaican Acute Ghetto Itis|I write flawed characters. Ones that do not always make the best decisions and are driven by ambition or lust. They are not black or white, they are in the large space that exists between.
Bayard Taylor|My guilty pleasure is I like to watch a lot of HGTV. I really like watching design shows about houses, like extreme homes. Like buying a bridge and turning it into a house or something like that. I really am interested in home design or something like that... architecture.
Elsa Peretti|The very women who object to the morals of a notoriously beautiful actress, grow big with pride when an admirer suggests their marked resemblance to this stage beauty in physique.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, when no dualities affect one, when nothing affects him, and he attains the awareness of ‘I am absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma)’; one’s well-being [spiritual work] is done.
Chris Salamone|I never understood, what a starving artist was until I became one.
Friedrich Nietzsche|In truth,there was only one christian and he died on the cross.
Marilynne Robinson, Lila|Although stigmatizing attitudes are not limited to mental illness, the public seems to disapprove persons with psychiatric disabilities significantly more than persons with related conditions such as physical illness (34-36). Severe mental illness has been likened to drug addiction, prostitution, and criminality (37,38). Unlike physical disabilities, persons with mental illness are perceived by the public to be in control of their disabilities and responsible for causing them (34,36). Furthermore, research respondents are less likely to pity persons with mental illness, instead reacting to psychiatric disability with anger and believing that help is not deserved (35,36,39)."World Psychiatry. 2002 Feb; 1(1): 16–20.PMCID: PMC1489832Understanding the impact of stigma on people with mental illnessPATRICK W CORRIGAN and AMY C WATSON
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Go out in the woods, go out. If you don't go out in the woods nothing will ever happen and your life will never begin.
Novala Takemoto|Much of the stress and emptiness that haunt us can be traced back to our lack of attention to beauty. Internally, the mind becomes coarse and dull if it remains unvisited by images and thoughts that hold the radiance of beauty.
Howard Kerr, The Haunted Dusk|(Washington) Irving was only the first of the writers of the American ghostly tale to recognize that the supernatural, exactly because its epistemological status is so difficult to determine, challenged the writer to invent a commensurately sophisticated narrative technique.
Charles M. Schwab|Self-awareness is not the same thing as self-approval, any more than imagination is the same thing as day-dreaming.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|A Radical is a man with both feet firmly planted--in the air. A Conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned to walk forward. A Reactionary is a somnambulist walking backwards. A Liberal is a man who uses his legs and his hands at the behest--at the command--of his head.
Stevie Smith, Collected Poems|God the EaterThere is a god in whom I do not believeYet to this god my love stretches,This god whom I do not believe in isMy whole life, my life and I am his.Everything that I have of pleasure and pain(Of pain, of bitter pain and men's contempt)I give this god for him to feed uponAs he is my whole life and I am his.When I am dead I hope that he will eatEverything I have been and have not beenAnd crunch and feed upon it and grow fatEating my life all up as it is his.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|The world was fair, the mountains tallIn Elder Days before the fall...
Phil McGraw|While not impossible, it is especially challenging for teenage parents to develop bonds with their children. A high percent of them were themselves children of teenage parents and have never experienced appropriate parenting.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|The ideal project does not exist, each time there is the opportunity to realize an approximation.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Sign of Four|Only that I insist upon your dining with us. It will be ready in half an hour. I have oysters and a brace of grouse, with something a little choice in white wines. Watson, you have never yet recognized my merits as a housekeeper. ~ Sherlock Holmes
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|If Marilyn Monroe was alive right now, what would she be doing?'Clawing at the roof of her coffin.
Richard J.  O'Brien|They say that time is relative. I think the way it's treating me it's a distant one, maybe a bad uncle, and not welcome in my house this Christmas!!
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|After all, a homeless man has reason to cry, everything in the world is pointed against him.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When you're socially awkward, you're isolated more than usual, and when you're isolated more than usual, your creativity is less compromised by what has already been said and done. All your hope in life starts to depend on your craft, so you try to perfect it. One reason I stay isolated more than the average person is to keep my creativity as fierce as possible. Being the odd one out may have its temporary disadvantages, but more importantly, it has its permanent advantages.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Always prefer to be like Gold, so ductile as willing to be pulled to the limits, so malleable as the more you get beaten the more you get decorative.
Alice Hoffman, Skylight Confessions|Someone killed himself because of me once, Meredith said.People kill themselves because of what's inside of them, not because of other people.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|Music originated from God and was created solely for his worship, his glory, and his pleasure.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Family Tree|The river of his youth had been diverted and poured out broadly across the land to seep through dirt to the roots of crops instead of running in its bed. The river was no longer a river, and the desert was no longer a desert. Nothing was as it had been. He knew what had happened to the sagelands. He himself had helped burn them. Then men like his father had seized the river without a trace of evil in their hearts, sure of themselves but ignorant, and children of their time entirely, with no other bearings to rely on. Irrigators and fruit-tree growers, they believed the river to be theirs. His own life spanned that time and this, and so he believed in the old fast river as much as he believed in apple orchards, and yet he saw that the two were at odds, the river defeated that apples might grow as far as Royal Slope. It made no more sense to love the river and at the same time kill it growing apples than it made sense to love small birds on the wing and shoot them over pointing dogs. But he'd come into the world in another time, a time immune to these contradictions and in the end he couldn't shake old ways any more than he could shake his name.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|If you have true gratitude, it will express itself automatically. It will be visible in your eyes, around your being, in your aura. It is like the fragrance of a flower. In most cases if there is a beautiful flower, the fragrance will be there naturally. The flower and its fragrance cannot be separated.
Grace Gealey|At least through most of the 1960s, I basically lived in a man's world, hardly speaking to a woman all day except to the secretaries. But I was almost totally unaware of myself as an oddity and had no comprehension of the difficulties faced by working women in our organization and elsewhere.
Tanmaya Guru|When problems come, remain calm in two cases. One when you know you can solve them so smile; second when you know you can’t so be silent.
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|The bonds of family bind us up, support us, help us. And they are also a bond from which it is difficult, perhaps impossible to extricate oneself.
Kate Corsen, Men: The Field Guide|Reflection of the Past, Acceptance of What Was, and the Discovery of the Humor in All ThingsHeals Even the Deepest of Wounds
Steven Pinker, The Stuff of Thought: Language as a Window Into Human Nature|long middle finger resembling a twig that it could use for probing for grubs. There is a telling example of convergent evolution when an unrelated species (the Long-Fingered Possum from Papua New Guinea) devised a similar strategy to address the same problem. (Douglas was very intrigued by the implications of convergence. What need is there to posit a designer if the operation of random forces, constrained by the reality of the world, produces the same elegant solution, as if there were no choice in the matter?) We monkeys have
Vonnie Davis, Bearing It All|As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|Always strap in. As supernatural beings we're pretty much going to survive any crash, especially you, but the police are more likely to pull you over if you're not strapped in.""I'm certain they could pull you over for many other infractions," he murmured, doing as she instructed with the seatbelt.
David Graeber, The Utopia of Rules: On Technology, Stupidity, and the Secret Joys of Bureaucracy|If I interrupted violence, by all means I'll step back. Always nice to see bloodshed first thing in the a.m.
Martin Amis|How astonishingly intimate the business of fiction is, more intimate than anything that issues from the psychiatrist’s couch or even the lovers’ bed. You see the soul, pinned and wriggling on the wall.
Donna Lynn Hope|It's not the sort of thing one asks of a friend. He hasn't offered, and I will not ask it. I will not tear him that way. I am trying to let go. I don't know how.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|You should have called us. Desmond would have picked you up.''No I wouldn't,' Valkyrie's dad said, stepping into earshot. 'Sorry, Fletcher, but I had important fatherly duties to take care of, which included eating breakfast, showering, and finding my trousers. Of those three, I only managed two. Without looking down, can you guess which one I missed?'... Fletcher smiled back. 'I just want to borrow Stephanie for a moment.''Take our daughter,' Valkryie's dad said, waving a hand airily. 'We have another one now.
George W. Bush|This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Charity is fortune, avarice is poverty, peace is treasure, and happiness is wealth.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|If patriotism were defined, not as blind obedience to government, not as submissive worship to flags and anthems, but rather as love of one's country, one's fellow citizens (all over the world), as loyalty to the principles of justice and democracy, then patriotism would require us to disobey our government, when it violated those principles.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|5,6. The Moral Law causes the people to be in complete accord with their ruler, so that they will follow him regardless of their lives, undismayed by any danger.Excerpt From: Sunzi. “The Art of War.” iBooks. This material may be protected by copyright.
Mungo MacCallum|But perhaps his outstanding contribution to Australian politics was that, after a lifetime of switching sides, he put in place the basic two-party structure we have today: Labor versus anti-Labor. The anti-Labor parties have had many names, but always the same policy: to keep Labor out of office.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Nothing is more usual than for philosophers to encroach upon the province of grammarians; and to engage in disputes of words, while they imagine that they are handling controversies of the deepest importance and concern.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|That she made a point to eat only the gristliest chicken bits, the burned biscuits, the mealiest potatoes, while she complained that his children were, variously, weak-minded, hysterical or sickly, and seemed to imply that such afflictions were the result of the lack of a good piece of steak or a new bonnet, was only circumstance; were she installed on a throne at a twelve-course banquet table teaming with all of God's creatures brought from both air and field, trussed and roasted and swimming in their own succulent juices, she would heap her plate with the most exquisite victuals and lament that his feeble offspring were the way they were because they had it too well and what they really needed was a vat of cold porridge and a tureen full of dirt.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|In short, I am convinced, both by faith and experience, that to maintain one's self on this earth is not a hardship but a pastime, if we will live simply and wisely; as the pursuits of the simpler nations are still the sports of the more artificial. It is not neccessary that a man should earn his living by the sweat of his brow, unless he sweats easier than I do.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Avoid conflicts, Embrace cordiality.
Kevin James|There were years when I was a beer and tequila guy, then I got real fat. And then I found that you could actually go on a diet and drink scotch. Then I got hooked on scotch, and if you get hooked on scotch, then everything else just tastes wrong.
Rowan Blanchard|Woah,' I said, blocking the doorway. 'You can't come in here. This is the girls' r
Slavoj Žižek, Did Somebody Say Totalitarianism?: Five Interventions in the (Mis)use of a Notion|On the 'Celestial Seasonings' green tea packet there is a short explanation of its benefits: 'Green tea is a natural source of antioxidants, which neutralize harmful molecules in the body known as free radicals. By taming free radicals, antioxidants help the body maintain its natural health.' Mutatis mutandis, is not the notion of totalitarianism one of the main ideological antioxidants, whose function throughout its career was to tame free radicals, and thus to help the social body to maintain its politico-ideological good health?
Kenneth Oppel, This Dark Endeavor|Psychiatry is a strange field because, unlike any other field of medicine, you never really finish. Your greatest instrument is you, yourself, and the work of self-understanding is endless. I'm still learning.
Guy de Maupassant|Nevertheless man has found love, which is not a bad reply to that sly Deity, and he has adorned it with so much poetry that woman often forgets the sensual part of it. Those among us who are unable to deceive themselves have invented vice and refined debauchery, which is another way of laughing at God and paying homage, immodest homage, to beauty.
Holly Black, Tithe|For whatever we lose (like a you or a me),It's always our self we find in the sea.
Anne Tenino, Too Stupid to Live|As the nicknames get shorter, people come closer.
Shannon L. Alder|A very unwise man once said, “He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words.” A very annoyed woman once said, “He who does not want to communicate will never enjoy their silence for very long.
Tessa Bailey, Protecting What's His|...Tomorrow I'm going to destroy you. I'm going to mark your body and ruin your mind. By noon, you won't know whether to laugh or cry. But tonight? Tonight I will revere you. I will build an altar of myself. I will frame you in stars.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|And of the sixth day yet remainedThere wanted yet the master work, the endOf all yet done: a creature who not prone And brute as other creatures but enduedWith sanctity of reason might erect His stature and, upright with front serene,Govern the rest, self-knowing, and from thenceMagnanimous to correspond with Heaven, But grateful to acknowledge whence his good Descends, thither with heart and voice and eyesDirected in devotion to adore And worship God supreme who made him chiefOf all His works.
Brom, The Child Thief|When we seek daily spiritual guidance, we are guided toward the next step forward for our art. Sometimes the step is very small. Sometimes the step is, "Wait. Not now." Sometimes the step is, "Work on something else for a while." When we are open to Divine Guidance, we will receive it. It will come to us as the hunch, the inkling, the itch. It will come to us as timely conversations with others. It will come to us in many ways--but it will come.
Christina Dodd, Scent of Darkness|Pray as if all things depend on God, and work as if all things depend on you.
William McFee|We can decide our fate every day, when we love we will be loved.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I must say a word about fear. It is life's only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unnerving ease. It begins in your mind, always ... so you must fight hard to express it. You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it. Because if you don't, if your fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, you open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you.
J. Maarten Troost, Lost on Planet China: The Strange and True Story of One Man's Attempt to Understand the World's Most Mystifying Nation, or How He Became Comfortable Eating Live Squid|Don't get me wrong. Sacramento is a lovely place, particularly for those with a fondness for methamphetamines. For the meth-addled, Sacramento had conveniently placed a Greyhound bus station just yards from the statehouse where Austria's finest was sworn in as governor of the great state of California.
Derek Donais, MetalMagic: Talisman|Jaren found that, in doing balancing exercises, he could shut out not only the anxiety he felt but also the whisperings of the magic. The more he practiced, the better he could insulate himself from its insistent voice, and all other worries, and just focus on being...
