Robin Sacredfire|You must know your enemy to beat him at his own game, but be ready as well for the ultimate sacrifice, for nobody comes out of hell without a scratch.
Barry López, Arctic Dreams: Imagination and Desire in a Northern Landscape|Because you have seen something doesn't mean you can explain it. Differing interpretations will always abound, even when good minds come to bear. The kernel of indisputable information is a dot in space; interpretations grow out of the desire to make this point a line, to give it direction. The directions in which it can be sent, the uses to which it can be put by a culturally, professionally, and geographically diverse society are almost without limit. The possibilities make good scientists chary.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|The artist cannot hold back; it is impossible, because writing, or any other discipline of art, involves participation in suffering, in the ills and the occasional stabbing joys that come from being part of the human drama.
Craig Shaw Gardner, A Difficulty with Dwarves|No matter what danger you might face," the wizard resumed, "within this book is a magical solution."I did as Ebenzum bade, opening to a page titled "EZ Wizard's Index." I scanned quickly down the righthand column:Demons, who are about to eat you, 206, 211Demons, who are about to tear you limb from limb, 207Demons, who are about thrash you soundly, 206-7Demons, who have already begun to eat you, 208"As you can see," my master continued, "quick reference to this index can prepare you for virtually any eventuality.
Jasper Fforde, First Among Sequels|Time cannot be changed, but time can change you.  -YakupAdar
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|I was once in San Francisco, and I parked in the only available space, which happened to be on the other side of the street. The law descended on me. Was I aware of how dangerous the manoeuvre I’d just made was? I looked at the law a bit blankly. What had I done wrong? I had, said the law, parked against the flow of traffic. Puzzled, I looked up and down the street. What traffic? I asked. The traffic that would be there, said the law, if there was any traffic. This was a bit metaphysical, even for me, so I explained, a bit lamely, that in England we just park wherever we can find a parking space available, and weren’t that fussy about which side of the street it was on. He looked at me aghast, as if I was lucky to have got out of a country of such wild and crazy car parkers alive, and promptly gave me a ticket. Clearly he would rather have deported me before my subversive ideas brought chaos and anarchy to streets that normally had to cope with nothing more alarming than a few simple assault rifles. Which, as we know, in the States are perfectly legal, and without which they would be overrun by herds of deer, overbearing government officers, and lawless British tea importers.
C. JoyBell C.|There is no worse discriminator than envy. No worse traitor than envy. Even those who are seemingly righteous, are brought down low by their envy. A true man will be known by his absence of envy. An evil man will be known by the presence of envy within him.
Last Man Standing, WHEN YOU LIVE YOUR LIFE RIGHT, THERE'S NOTHING TO WRITE ABOUT|It turns out there is only one possible thing to do in this circumstance, to wait the only way there is to wait through eternity, and that is through creativity.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|In my experience, anybody besides your mom that feeds you is going to want something in exchange for it.
Joe Abercrombie|You can always make enemies of your friends,' said Sumael. 'Making friends of your enemies is harder labor.
John Wain|And I, a twister, love, what I abhor.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, He Forgot to Say Goodbye|The tragedy of life, Howard, is not that the beautiful die young, but that they grow old and mean. It will not happen to me.
Karen Armstrong, The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness|When the horror recedes and the world resumes its normal shape, you cannot forget it. You have seen what is "really" there, the empty horror that exists when the consoling illusion of our mundane experience is stripped away, so you can never respond to the world in quite the same way again."from Coleridge: Like one, that on a lonesome road Doth walk in fear and dread, And having once turned round walks on, And turns no more his head; Because he knows, a frightful fiend Doth close behind him tread
Lori Nawyn|Today I am so grateful that God knows my heart.Others may misunderstand my good intentions, judge my words or deeds, find fault,or blame what they truly do not understand.But God knows my heart. He knows I am learning, trying, endeavoring,to be all He created me to be.
Venus Williams|When you look at golf films before us they're all - garbage or satire. A lot of sports films tend to vilify the opposition. Where the opposition becomes this big angry monster, so big you can't beat him.
Jacques Lacan|By and large, the critics and readers gave me an affirmed sense of my identity as a writer. You might know this within yourself, but to have it affirmed by others is of utmost importance. Writing is, after all, a form of communication.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|But don't they say that all is fair in love and war? I heard that somewhere.""'They?' Who are 'they?'""I don't know. Just people.""That's what the victorious claim, not the defeated; the powerful, not the powerless. 'All is fair.' 'The end justifies the means.' Is that what you believe?
Bret Easton Ellis|I want to stay," and then, more weakly, "Need some more sun."A fly from a batch of seaweed lands on a white, bony thigh. She doesn't slap at it. It doesn't go away."But there's no sun, dude." I tell her.I start to walk away. So what, I mutter under my breath. When she wants to come in, she will. Imagine a blind person dreaming. I head back up toward the house. Wonder if Griffin will stick around, if Mona made reservations for dinner, if Spin will call back. "I know what the word dead means," I whisper to myself as softly as I can because it sounds like an omen.
Tad Williams, The Dragonbone Chair|He who is certain he knows the ending of things when he is only beginning them is either extremely wise or extremely foolish; no matter which is true, he is certainly an unhappy man, for he has put a knife in the heart of wonder.
Brian Christian, The Most Human Human: What Talking with Computers Teaches Us About What It Means to Be Alive|I think the reason novels are regarded to have so much more 'information' than films is that they outsource the scenic design and cinematography to the reader... This, for me, is a powerful argument for the value and potency of literature specifically. Movies don't demand as much from the player. Most people know this; at the end of the day you can be too beat to read but not yet too beat to watch television or listen to music.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 1: 1950-1952|And i've just kept dancing. I don't know if i've overcome these things, but the music never stopped, so neither did I.
Hedy Lamarr|Exuberant health is always, as such, sickness also.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|There are two kinds of patriotism -- monarchical patriotism and republican patriotism. In the one case the government and the king may rightfully furnish you their notions of patriotism; in the other, neither the government nor the entire nation is privileged to dictate to any individual what the form of his patriotism shall be. The gospel of the monarchical patriotism is: "The King can do no wrong." We have adopted it with all its servility, with an unimportant change in the wording: "Our country, right or wrong!" We have thrown away the most valuable asset we had:-- the individual's right to oppose both flag and country when he (just he, by himself) believed them to be in the wrong. We have thrown it away; and with it all that was really respectable about that grotesque and laughable word, Patriotism.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|One thing was certain: he was my one. Most people go on their whole lives and never find their one, but I found mine. I found him when I was twelve-years-old.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|We seek knowledge only because we desire enjoyment, and it is impossible to conceive why a person who has neither desires nor fears would take the trouble to reason.
Rachel Ward, Numbers|He loved me and I loved him, but the number in my head was telling me that he was going to die today. And the numbers had never been wrong.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... she exclaimed, the innate respectability of the middle-class housewife rising impulsively to the surface through the acquired dilettantism of the 'light woman.'People who enjoyed 'picking-up' things, who admired poetry, despised sordid calculations of profit and loss, and nourished ideals of honour and love, she placed in a class by themselves, superior to the rest of humanity.
Paulo Coelho|Forgive but do not forget, or you will be hurt again. Forgiving changes the perspectives. Forgetting loses the lesson.
David Michie, Mindfulness Is Better Than Chocolate: A Practical Guide to Enhanced Focus and Lasting Happiness in a World of Distractions|,,, let go of the real source of our unhappiness: our own self-obsession. Stress, loneliness, pessimism, financial worries, and unhappy relationships all have one thing in common: they're all about "me".
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|The data on organised abuse has been simplified or distorted in an attempt force it to conform to mechanical psychological models of dissociative obedience or else to the psychiatric framework of ‘paedophilia’. Psychopathology alone is an inadequate explanation for environments in which sexual abuse has a social and symbolic function for groups of adults. Abusive groups do not emerge in a vacuum but rather they are formed within pre-existing social arrangements such as families, churches and schools.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|MOM - noun - One who sacrifices her body, sleep, social life, spending money, eating hot meals, peeing alone, patience, memory, energy and sanity for LOVE!
W. Somerset Maugham|The funny thing about 'Take Shelter' is that a lot of people talk about how it was allegory for the economy and things that were to happen. And that was so on the nose in the movie for me. I was like, 'That's obvious.' It's the other stuff about marriage and commitment and those other things that I spent the most time thinking about.
Joyce Carol Oates|For obviously the advantage for most writers is that no one sees them. The writer is invisible, which confers power.
Lena Dunham|I have experienced jealousy, possessiveness, verbal abuse and violence from men, but I have also experienced jealousy, possessiveness, verbal abuse and violence from women, usually when I failed to respond to their advances.
Debolina Bhawal|the romance of solitude and small places, the blurring of identity.
Joyce Meyer|We need a backbone, not a wishbone.
Brent Green, Questions of the Spirit: The Quest for Understanding at a Time of Loss|My encounter with desperation while witnessing the death of a precious child changed me, teaching me that although we will have sad times, we can move on, chastened and changed but resilient and hopeful. Laurel showed me one way to live with hope as well as cancer as she thrived even when tumors grew within her small body. She exhibited how a child can push aside despair and appreciate as many moments as possible, to believe in the power of resurrection, both the human spirit and in a Biblical sense.
Twiggy|Most people see what they expect to see, what they want to see, what they've been told to see, what conventional wisdom tells them to see - not what is right in front of them in its pristine condition.
Deyth Banger|Writing a book isn't just about 'writing a book.' Unfortunately, it's about selling it, and getting it out to the masses.
Marcel Proust, The Captive: Part 2|From the pavement, I could see the window of Albertine’s room, that window, formerly quite black, at night, when she was not staying in the house, which the electric light inside, dissected by the slats of the shutters, striped from top to bottom with parallel bars of gold.
Perry Como|I'm actually a pretty decent human being, and when I'm home I'm straight as an arrow.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|The warm night claimed her. In a moment it was part of her. She walked on the grass, and her shoes were instantly soaked. She flung up her arms to the sky. Power ran to her fingertips. Excitement was communicated from the waiting trees, and the orchard, and the paddock; the intensity of their secret life caught at her and made her run. It was nothing like the excitement of ordinary looking forward, of birthday presents, of Christmas stockings, but the pull of a magnet - her grandfather had shown her once how it worked, little needles springing to the jaws - and now night and the sky above were a vast magnet, and the things that waited below were needles, caught up in the great demand. ("The Pool")
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you live in darkness, you live under the ruler-ship of the devil.
Anna Asche|You're only hurting yourself. Besides, the citizens like blood, don't they? They smell it.
A.G. Roemmers|The best way to solve a problem is not to think of it as a problem but just as a difficulty or a challenge. Technically, the obstacle is the same, but you'll be able to approach it with a positive attitude that sharpens the mind and beats a path towards more solutions in the future.
Matshona Dhliwayo|All these moments of sadness, of discomfort, of pain shall pass. The suffering you experience today will make you stronger for your tomorrows to come. You will be better. You will be Great . You will be happy and well and a success. You will finally touch the heavens that you aspired to
R.K. Lilley, In Flight|My past has shaped me, that's true of anyone.
C. JoyBell C.|The drone in my ear, it’s like the tornado drill in elementary school, the hand-cranked siren that rang mercilessly, all of us hunched over on ourselves, facing the basement walls, heads tucked into our chests. Beth and me wedged tight, jeaned legs pressed against each other. The sounds of our own breathing. Before we all stopped believing a tornado, or anything, could touch us, ever
Michael Swanwick, Chasing the Phoenix|So that, logically, in the brief time allotted to us, we should be as kind to one another as is humanly possible and face the harsh facts of reality without fear or flinching.
Sue Kipperman Pighini, Bootstraps: A Woman's Guide to Personal Power in a Victim-Driven World|You are here to light up the passion of your life and shine it as brightly as you possibly can for all to see. You are an example for all others on their path." - Bootstraps: A Woman's Guide to Personal Power
Arash Tabish|You know,They don't care how kind, honest, helpful and good person i am. As long as i don't believe what they believe, they will hate me, do means , try to hurt me and if they can , will do their best to kill me. And you know what is strange? When they did those horrible things and killed me after they Will say God is Great. And more strange and worse is when they say Islam is peace.
Scott Hahn, First Comes Love: Finding Your Family in the Church and the Trinity|Marriage and family life give us constant opportunities to deny ourselves for the sake of others. And yet self-denial is not a mask for self-contempt, but the necessary means for achieving self-mastery; for self-mastery makes possible our self-giving and self-fulfillment. Sin is not wanting too much, but settling for too little. It's settling for self-gratification rather than self-fulfillment.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|to live and leave indelible footprints, think of the rocks
A.O. Esther, Breath of Darkness|Have you ever been in a situation where you had to choose between your loved ones, knowing that whatever you decided, you would have to lie to one of them?’‘Yes. More than once.’ Elijah’s words sounded far too cold in the sudden silence. His finely chiselled face tensed up and his eyes grew cold. ‘And before you ask, I chose you every time.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|The funny thing about money is that you can't take it with you, so don’t try to.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Mason|Heat radiated from him, penetrating her like the sun warming her on hot midsummer days. It coiled inside her, low in her belly, and sank lower. She recognized it, the magic between lovers. Intoxicating and intense. An all-consuming attraction. The air between them shimmered with energy, an irresistible force connecting them.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|As long as a woman can look ten years younger than her daughter, she is perfectly satisfied
Gary Paulsen, Shelf Life: Stories by the Book|Why do I read?I just can't help myself.I read to learn and to grow, to laugh  and to be motivated.I read to understand things I've never  been exposed to.I read when I'm crabby, when I've just  said monumentally dumb things to the  people I love.I read for strength to help me when I  feel broken, discouraged, and afraid.I read when I'm angry at the whole  world.I read when everything is going right.I read to find hope.I read because I'm made up not just of  skin and bones, of sights, feelings,  and a deep need for chocolate, but I'm  also made up of words.Words describe my thoughts and what's hidden in my heart.Words are alive--when I've found a story that I love, I read it again and again, like playing a favorite song  over and over.Reading isn't passive--I enter the story with the characters, breathe their air, feel their frustrations, scream at them to stop when they're about to do something stupid, cry with them, laugh with them.Reading for me, is spending time with a friend.A book is a friend.You can never have too many.
Topsy Gift|YOUR PROGRESS IS THE ACTUAL PROGRESS OF HUMANITY. YOUR PROGRESS IS NOT YOURS ALONE, IT ADDS GRACE IN ENTIRE HUMANITY'S CREDIT.
Kwanele Booi|if someone gets jealous from you,dont think about that why they get jealous from you......because thats time time your journey of life to beng a successful person is started
William Branks|When God closes a door He does not always open a window. Sometimes He wants you to sit in the quiet darkness while He transforms your fear into trust. How long that takes, is often up to you!
Donna Lynn Hope|Joy – in the fall, winter, and always in the mountains where people are few, wildlife is abundant and there is peace in the quiet.
Edward T. Welch|Speaker says psychology has commandeered "everything hard" and partitioned it from Scripture with the assumption that its causes are biological
Arne Jacobsen|When I went to school at Emerson, I was completely charmed living there and loved the architecture of the Back Bay.
Umberto Eco|I seem to know all the cliches, but not how to put them together in a believable way. Or else these stories are terrible and grandiose precisely because all the cliches intertwine in an unrealistic way and you can't disentangle them. But when you actually live a cliche, it feels brand new, and you are unashamed.
Shahid Hussain Raja, The Syrian Crises: Past ,Present and Future|The racial terrorism of lynchings in many ways created the modern death penalty. America's embrace of speedy executions was, in part, an attempt to redirect the violent energies of lynching while ensuring white southerners that Black men would still pay the ultimate price.
Anthony Liccione|The sun which warms the plant can under other conditions also wither it. The rain which nourishes the flower can under other conditions rot it. The same sun shines upon mud that shines upon wax. It hardens the mud but softens the wax. The difference is not in the sun, but in that upon which it shines. The Divine Life which shines upon a soul that loves Him, softens it into everlasting life; that same Divine Life which shines upon the slothful soul, neglectful of God, hardens it into everlasting death.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God says that we can learn a great deal about Him just by observing nature. Because He has spoken through His universe, all men are without excuse for not believing in Him. This is why the Psalmist said: “The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God” [Psalm 14:1 KJV].
Scott Andrews, PiSlamistan|If you are against abortions, don't have one.
Douglas Adams|The world doesn't need more people to save the world, what it really needs is more people to kick asses of those who pollute.
Sebastian Pole, Discovering the True You with Ayurveda: How to Nourish, Rejuvenate, and Transform Your Life|I believe that marijuana, aka cannabis should be recognized for what it is - an effective herb, grown from soil and seed, nurtured by sun and rain.
Montel Williams|I think the NRA, they got it half-right when they say, 'Guns don't kill people, people kill people.' I change it to, 'Guns don't kill people, Americans kill people.'
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Rain, rain falling downDown, down on the goundAll the birds go in the treesThey don't like the rain, you see.
Neil Gaiman, Dream Country|For some folks death is release, and for others death is an abomination, a terrible thing. But in the end, I'm there for all of them.
Nabil N. Jamal|There will always be rough days and easy ones. Like a ship, we must sail through both.
Mamur Mustapha|Electricity should not be banned, it just needs much better government regulation and understanding by the medical profession of the full range of toxicity that it presents to the human.
Tom Althouse|Right!""Right!""You can get there!""I can get there!""You're a natural at counting to two!""I'm a nat'ral at counting to two!""If you can count to two, you can count to anything!""If I can count to two, I can count to anything!""And then the world is your mollusc!""My mollusc! What's a mollusc?
Cormac McCarthy|Freedom is a struggle, and we do it together. Not only together as black citizens, but black and white together.
Aberjhani|The reality of a serious writer is a reality of many voices, some of them belonging to the writer, some of them belonging to the world of readers at large.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In love, we are made perfect.
Jonas Salk|Reply when questioned on the safety of the polio vaccine he developed:It is safe, and you can't get safer than safe.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|how these words, wait to diein the arms of all the poetry..yet to be written.
Kay Rala Xanana Gusmao|My parents were concerned that I would not get good schooling, so they put me up in my uncle's house in Dharwad, and I spent about six years there. So at a very young age, I was away from my parents. I developed an amount of independence and learned to stand on my own feet.
Dada Bhagwan|If attachment becomes fixed on a 'Gnani' [The enlightened one], then it becomes Real attachment (prashastaraag). It will get one’s work done. It will uproot attachment in all other places. Because the Gnani is Vitarag, attachment-free. Attachment for a Vitarag gives liberation from all the suffering.
Carrie Fisher, Postcards from the Edge|She wanted so to be tranquil, to be someone who took walks in the late-afternoon sun, listening to the birds and crickets and feeling the whole world breathe. Instead, she lived in her head like a madwoman locked in a tower, hearing the wind howling through her hair and waiting for someone to come and rescue her from feeling things so deeply that her bones burned.
Jim Jensen, Threads of Evidence|All are failures makes us change our lives, but changes our will always be in our memories.
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|..[The] disclosure of the incest secret initiates a profound crisis for the family usually...the abuse has been going on for a number of years and has become an integral part of family life. Disclosure disrupts whatever fragile equilibrium has been maintained, jeopardizes the functioning of all family members, increases the likelihood of violent and desperate behavior, and places everyone, but particularly the daughter, at risk for retaliation.
Marc Maron, Attempting Normal|If you can't afford the good food or if you can't afford health care or if you don't have a job or if your car is dangerous because you can't get it fixed and you DIE, you just lost the game-bzzzzz-thanks for playing extreme capitalism.
Rahul Dravid|Sometimes fitness is a good thing to have, but you have to recognise that fitness takes you only so far, and skills are the most important thing. Fitness just helps you execute those cricketing skills for longer and more consistently, maybe.
Sunday Adelaja|I therefore submit to you that what qualifies a person to be called a man according to God, is the ability of the individual to live by the right standard and values that heaven values. Standards like, justice, judgement, truth and equity.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, smile with love like a flower.
Allison K. Williams, Get Published in Literary Magazines: The Indispensable Guide to Preparing, Submitting and Writing Better|At the day's end, a writer lives alone with her story, wrestling with characters and settings, and the way light filters into and out of a scene. The deeper messages often escape her.Sometimes I take for granted the journey through the telling. At other times I curse the muse's power. But through it all, I live each day in deep gratitude.
Henry David Thoreau|The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.
Tyler Knight, Burn My Shadow: A Selective Memory of an X-Rated Life|I personally don't think about jumping because things can't possibly get worse... To the contrary, I contemplate it because I believe things probably will.
Cyndi Goodgame, Yield|But the thought of New Zealand instantly sent her mind to Watson, the possibly-Australian, possibly-Kiwi, definitely paranormal young fellow with videos of dead guys on his phone.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|The little girl feels that her body is escaping her, that it is no longer the clear expression of her individuality: it becomes foreign to her; and at the same moment she is grasped by others as a thing: on the street, eyes follow her, her body is subject to comments; she would like to become invisible; she is afraid of becoming flesh and afraid to show her flesh.
Iain Duncan Smith|Remove advertising, disable a person or firm from proclaiming its wares and their merits, and the whole of society and of the economy is transformed. The enemies of advertising are the enemies of freedom.
Rea Lidde, Haven|Everyone in this world is nuts, the difference is some of them just really good at disguising it.
Bette Greene, Summer of My German Soldier|Its just a part of life , just a chapter , just a phase ; it is to be over and it will but i has taught the harsh realities of life. In the end , your support lies in yourself. No one comes to rescue you , you have to gird up your loin against all the odds and you are to raise by your own. You cant make people happy. You will die trying to come up to their marks and you ll end up losing your own identity. Losing your self to any other is like deing uselessly.
W.K. Hancock|The sun was shining, but Christ had hidden Himself, and all the world was black to you; or it was night, and since the bright and morning star was gone, no other star could yield you so much as a ray of light. What a howling wilderness is this world without our Lord! If once He hideth Himself from us, withered are the flowers of our garden; our pleasant fruits decay; the birds suspend their songs, and a tempest overturns our hopes.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I'll fight it. I'll fight it for you. Don't you worry about me, Hazel Grace. I'm okay. I'll find a way to hang around and annoy you for a long time.
L.J. Smith|Mary-Lynnette: "You have not read 'Pride and Prejudice'."Ash: "Why not?"Mary-Lynnette: "Because Jane Austen was a human."Ash: "How do you know?"Mary-Lynnette: "Well Jane Austen was a woman, and you're a chauvinist pig."Ash: "Yes, well, that I can't argue.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Dependency on stuff, on people and on things is one of the greatest things that could kill.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|Eventually, however, the denial turned into emptiness and my childhood ended.
Hannah Hurnard, Hinds' Feet on High Places|The heart knoweth its own sorrow and there are times when, like David, it is comforting to think that our tears are put in a bottle and not one of them forgotten by the one who leads us in paths of sorrow.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|If you believe something will make the world better, then it's always worth a try, even if you fail.
Khaled Ibrahim|وإذا أنْتَ أثْبَتتَ أنَّ الكَلْبَ أوْفى مِنْكَ، فَأنا ما زِلْتُ إنْسانًاAnd if you have proven that dog is more loyal than you, I am still human
Hafez|And still, after all this time,The sun never says to the earth,"You owe Me."Look what happens withA love like that,It lights the Whole Sky.
Mark Knopfler, Dire Straits - Brothers in Arms|There's so many different worlds, so many different suns. And we have just one world, but we live in different ones.
Kim Sowol|When you leave,weary of me,without a word I shall gently let you go.
Shay Leigh, Sinless Within|...the wind hums low with sweet exultation, sings its lullaby, while you sleep ...
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|In this world of half-jobs and liars, I will prevail.
Chris Cleave, Gold|It’s really difficult to talk about dead people, but it’s even harder to talk about dead young women. It’s because from the time they die, they’ll be young forever. On the other hand, for us, the survivors, every year, every month, every day, we get older.Sometimes, I feel like I can feel myself aging from one hour to the next. It’s a terrible thing, but that’s reality.
Richard Smyth, Wild Ink|I am not dead. Death does not exist. I am alive! That is the purpose of this tale, to let everyone know that they do go on and that they don't need to be afraid, as I was afraid. Yet I also have a selfish reason for wanting my story told. I was young when I died. I didn't have a chance to make my mark in the world. I didn't do anything unique, nothing that will change the course of history. But I wasn't a bad girl. I don't want to be forgotten. I want people to remember me.
Martin Suarez|Growth happens slowly, slow down today enjoy life without been in hurry
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|Waking up, for many people, is apparently a positive experience. There are twittering birds and the smell of fresh coffee fills the air.These people do not live at my house.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|Max, if you survive your final test, can you steal me one of those magic outfits for me?" I'll try to get one for each of us. Hey! 'If'?
Sofia Samatar, Tender: Stories|People talked about loneliness as if it were something alive and it could get you. But loneliness is something dead, it's deadness. Lonely people are slowly dying people.
Roger Mahony|The widespread diffusion of nuclear weapons would make many nations able, and in some cases also create the pressure, to aggravate an on-going crisis, or even touch off a war between two other powers for purposes of their own.
Azra T.|Amelie seemed to focus on her again. For a few seconds she regarded her, frowning, and then smiled just a little. "So I recall," she said. "Not all wars are waged with bullets and swords, indeed. Some are wars of wills and ideas. It's good we both remember that." The smile faded. "But not all ideas win the war, and not all wills are strong enough. Darkness can descend so easily.
Libby Bishop, Ghosts of Kingston Cottage|Gods, the love that saturated the room was so potent that Arabella couldn't breathe.This was what she wanted. Someone who wouldn't let go, someone who would love her so much he'd wait decades to be reunited with her.
Dhyana Stanley, The Human Experience Is the Dance of Heaven and Earth: A Call Home to Peace|But when the religious go within and discover God or Love directly, it is not possible to spread fear and hate. And, when those that are politically involved go within and discover Peace or Happiness directly, it is not possible to spread fear and hate. The 'religious' and the 'politically involved' are then speaking the same language ...
Clive Barker, Books of Blood, Volumes 4-6|The Harvester was the rustling of autumn leaves, there one minute, gone the next.
Cristin Harber, Revenge|But still she stood, ready to get back at it. Badass and admirable.
Helena Dela, The Count|People think that food cheers you up, that a doughnut cures all ills, but this only works for trivial complaints. When real disaster strikes, food chokes you.
Leon Kass|I don't wish that I was playing football. I love baseball, and the way I play is like it's my last day ever playing it. I do like football, but you've got to respect that it's not like baseball.
Carl Sagan|For me, the most ironic token of [the first human moon landing] is the plaque signed by President Richard M. Nixon that Apollo 11 took to the moon. It reads, ‘We came in peace for all Mankind.’ As the United States was dropping seven and a half megatons of conventional explosives on small nations in Southeast Asia, we congratulated ourselves on our humanity. We would harm no one on a lifeless rock.
Bill Keller|As information technology restructures the work situation, it abstracts thought from action.
Rebecca Boucher, Novel Hearts|Men don't fight for what is theirs. They work for it and they love it with all their hearts. When they do that, they want for nothing.
David Brooks|Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Without another word, we began to eat. I was hungry, but no appetite would excuse the way we set upon those dishes. We shoveled food into our mouths in a manner ill befitting our fine attire. Bears would have blushed to see us bent over our plates. The pheasant, still steaming from the oven, its dark flesh redolent with the mushroom musk of the forest floor, was gnawed quickly to the bone. It was a touch gamy - no milk-fed goose, this - but it was tender, and the piquant hominy balanced that wild taste as I had hoped it would. The eggs, laced pink at the edges and floating delicately in a carnal sauce, were gulped down in two bites. The yolks were cooked to that rare liminal degree, no longer liquid but not yet solid, like the formative moment of a sun-colored gem.
Giovanni Arduino|The true business of the philosopher, though not flattering to his vanity, is merely to ascertain, arrange and condense the facts.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|What am I at war with? My cancer. And what is my cancer? My cancer is me. The tumors are made of me. They're made of me as surely as my brain and my heart are made of me. It is a civil war, Hazel Grace, with a predetermined winner.
Joseph Dalton Hooker|If a good system of agriculture, unrivaled manufacturing skill, a capacity to produce whatever can contribute to either convenience or luxury, schools established in every village for teaching reading, writing, and arithmetic, the general practice of hospitality and charity amongst each other, and above all, a treatment of the female sex full of confidence, respect, and delicacy, are among the signs which denote a civilized people – then the Hindus are not inferior to the nations of Europe, and if civilization is to become an article of trade between England and India, I am convinced that England will gain by the import cargo.
Hannah Hart, My Drunk Kitchen: A Guide to Eating, Drinking, and Going with Your Gut|There are certain people who will always seek to criticize. This has nothing to do with you. It must be hard to be inside their head, you know? I mean if they find so much fault in everyone around them... then one can only imagine the faults they must see in themselves.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|If we look upon the earth as a place where our 'higher selves' have come to learn, to experience, or even to be judged, then the splitting of realities that occurs with the many-worlds interpretation is merely an extension of these functions.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Antipater, in a letter written upon the death of Aristotle, the philosopher, observes, "Amongst his other gifts he had that of persuasiveness"; and the absence of this in the character of Marcius made all his great actions and noble qualities unacceptable to those whom they benifited: pride, and self-will, the consort, as Plato calls it, of solitude, made him insufferable. With the skill which Alcibiades, on the contrary, possessed to treat every one in the way most agreeable to him, we cannot wonder that all his successes were attended with the most exuberant favour and honour; his very errors, at time, being accompanied by something of grace and felicity. And so in spite of great and frequent hurt that he had done the city, he was repeatedly appointed to office and command; while Coriolanus stood in vain for a place which his great services had made his due. The one, in spite of the harm he occasioned, could not make himself hated, nor the other, with all the admiration he attracted, succeed in being beloved by his countrymen.
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|It wasn't a sign of weakness to tell what happened to me. I feel guilt no longer, only regret. The other emotions are coming around too. How much further do I need to go? I'm not sure, but there is comfort in the fact that I am in the hands of expert guides, both in the doctor's office and at home with Sue.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|If you do not lend your car, your fountain pen or your wife to anyone, that is because these objects, according to the logic of jealously, are narcissistic equivalents of the ego: to lose them, or for them to be damaged, means castration.
John Berendt, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil|[Quoting Miss Harty:]"People come here from all over the country and fall in love with Savannah. Then they move here and pretty soon they’re telling us how much more lively and prosperous Savannah could be if we only knew what we had and how to take advantage of it. I call these people ‘Gucci carpetbaggers.
Lucy R. Lippard|I do write about men now and then, but I mostly write about women because that's the work I like best. When I became a feminist, I realized that somebody had to write all about this women's art that was out there ignored, and it was going to be me. And of course the ideas were particularly interesting to me, and the discoveries, about what women's art was and could be. I often say I'm more interested and mediocre art by women than in mediocre art by men – which is interpreted as I only like mediocre art or women only do mediocre art – all that shit. I don't write about mediocre art but I look at it and it does interest me for the information it gives me about women's imagery, women's psyches, women's lives, women's experience.
M.F. Moonzajer|As he himself said, "I will prove it to you, gentlemen, and i will prove it in two ways. First in the blinding clarity of the facts, and second, in the dim light cast by the mind of his criminal soul.
Nkem Paul, The Art of Achievement and Fulfillment: Fundamental Principles to Overcome Obstacles and Turn Dreams Into Reality!|We might think we know how we are being affected by the media—a book, a movie, a TV series. Ironically, this so-called awareness, the “third person effect,” is most common with, according to Gierzynski, “those with higher education.” He notes that “we think we know how the media affects us,” but in truth, it controls us more than we know.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The need for security and power riding on energies that should be making life better and easier for the masses remains a great error in leadership focus. Why should the discovery of uranium’s potential become a curse instead of a blessing? I am sure any type of power (nuclear and leadership included) in the wrong hands has the unfortunate potential to become a curse. A lot more is involved, including greed that causes the wealthy to sponsor violence and chaos. All, in order to profit from conflict, yet disregarding the harm caused to the vulnerable majority.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|One thing I do know about intimacy is that there are certain natural laws which govern the sexual experience of two people, and that these laws cannot be budged any more than gravity can be negotiated with. To feel physically comfortable with someone else's body is not a decision you can make. It has very little to do with how two people think or act or talk or even look. The mysterious magnet is either there, buried somewhere deep behind the sternum, or it is not. When it isn't there (as I have learned in the past, with heartbreaking clarity) you can no more force it to exist than a surgeon can force a patient's body to accept a kidney from the wrong donor. My friend Annie says it all comes down to one simple question: "Do you want your belly pressed against this person's belly forever --or not?
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Valuing knowledge above all else results in a lust for power, and that leads men into dark and empty places.
Margaret Aranda|After all it was for one justice which is short..., but the journey up to this justice was very long.(Red 2008 Film)
Bo Burnham, Egghead: Or, You Can't Survive on Ideas Alone|a long time ago when cataclysms were commonas sneezes and land masses slidaround the globe looking for placesto settle down and become continents,someone introduced us at a party.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|You're a dead man". I hear his voice again, and I see the words on my face when I get back in the cab and look in the rearview mirror.It makes me think of my life, my nonexistent accomplishments and my overall abilities in incompetence."A dead man", I think. He's not far wrong.
Robert H. Schuller|Don't violate the law, but don't reject an idea because it's illegal. You might be able to get the law changed.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|The keystone… some have called God, some Brahma, some Zeus… some even IAO… but in truth, O seeker, it is Thy-SELF.
Erin Hunter, Code of the Clans|Man is by instinct a lover, a hunter, a fighter.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|...no matter how much success you may experience in life, your eventual story - no offence intended - will be one of failure. Your bodily organs will fail, and you'll die.
Kamand Kojouri|Disappointment is a blessing. If you were never disappointed, you'd never know what was important to you.
J.M. Coetzee, Summertime|Why do you want to do this?" he asked curiously. "Why is this woman so important to you?"Saint-Germain blinked in surprise. "Have you ever loved anyone?" he asked."Yes," Tamnuz said cautiously, "I had a consort once, Inanna...""But did you love her? Truly love her?"The Green Man remained silent."Did she mean more to you than life itself?" Saint-Germain persisted."They do not love that do not show their love," Shakespeare murmured very softly.The French immortal stepped closer to the Elder. "I love my Jeanne," he said simply. "I must go to her.""Even though it will cost you everything?" Tamnuz persisted, as if the idea was incomprehensible."Yes. Without Joan, everything I have is worthless.""Even your immortality?""Especially my immortality." Gone were the banter and the jokes. This was a Saint-Germain whom neither Shakespeare nor Palamedes had ever seen before. "I love her," he said,
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|How is it that everyone on this train has so much alcohol?""We always head to Canada at the beginning of the season," she says taking her seat again. "Their laws are much more civilized. Cheers.
James Herbert, Creed|The photographer was lost for riposte, obvious though it should have been; instead he turned to run. At least his mind did. In fact, his mind had already scooted down the Broad Walk and was clambering over the railings at the end, whereas his body had remained rooted to the spot. With some effort he looked down at his feet as if to reprimand them. They refused to take notice.
Douglas Coupland|I always try to put a seed of hope into people's hearts. I'm not there to teach them doctrine necessarily, but to let them know that God is a good God, and has a plan for their lives. Hopefully, that will restore their faith, or draw them into faith.
John L. Jackson Jr.|Has anyone ever noticed that when ethnic Australians excel in sport they are heralded "Aussies"; but when something goes wrong they are thrown the "go back to where you came from" line? WAKE UP RACISTS.
Yusef Komunyakaa|I’ve been here before, dreaming myselfbackwards, among grappling hooks of light.True to the seasons, I’ve lived every wordspoken. Did I walk into someone’s nightmare?
Eugene V. Debs, Voices of a People's History of the United States|In every age it has been the tyrant, the oppressor and the exploiter who has wrapped himself in the cloak of patriotism, or religion, or both to deceive and overawe the People.", June 16, 1918)
Shannon L. Alder|Acquiring knowledge doesn't bring power into your life, until you apply what you have learned.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Poise: a graceful and elegant bearing in person; a composure of dignity and manner.Postures: the position of a person’s body when standing, sitting, or walking; carriage, bearing, and stance.Gestures: moving parts of your body to express an idea, opinion, emotion, or meaning.“Poise confirms purpose. Postures portray personality. Gestures express emotions. Your poise, postures, and gestures make a powerful statement about who you are and how you feel about yourself. This dynamic trio speaks volumes about you.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|There will be times when it seems that it would be best to just call him and see how he’s doing. Don’t deceive yourself, you don’t care about how he’s doing, you’re just craving him, don’t do it. You’ll only hurt yourself.
Sapphire Belucci|I need no alibi,I did steal your heart.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|A sixth sense is a miraculous thing, which in itself suggests a supernatural order. The human intellect, however, for all its power and triumphs, is largely formed by this world and is therefore corruptible.
Michael Bassey Johnson|There's no secret on how to attain a greater height, just keep climbing the ladder, don't look at the dreadful distance, lock up that negative thoughts today, and fulfil your dreams.
Amy Kuivalainen, Cry of the Firebird|Oh, and Aramis? There is something else about the girl that you should know.”“Yes?”“She is of Yanka’s blood line. That won’t be an issue for you will it?”“No sir.” Aramis hung up the phone quickly and tried not to drop it as he put it in his coat. His hands trembled as he tried to maintain a cool, professional façade. Yanka’s blood. He had to find her and fast.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|The numbness of his loss had passed, and the pain would hit me out of nowhere, doubling me over, racking my body with sobs. Where are you? I would cry out in my mind. Where have you gone? Of course, there was never any answer.
Monica Bellucci|Without a doubt, absolutely, a woman will be a president, and probably sooner rather than later. I am excited about that, and if what I did serves as a steppingstone for another woman down the course, I am very grateful to have had that chance.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The transitory and random quality of emotions (“Well, that’s just the way I feel about it”) is deeply connected to, and largely the cause of, random engagement of one’s values and priorities. This very randomness and inconsistency is actually the cause of deeper suffering, primarily through the accumulation of addictions and the indulgence in reactions that are disproportionately small in comparison to what is really being sacrificed for them. Curiously—and a major theme in my own work over decades—the casual association of emotions to love is part of the insanity in all this.
Dennis Lehane, Mystic River|I will not dream anymore, you said. I will not set myself up for the pain. But then your team made the playoffs, or you saw a movie, or a billboard glowing dusky orange and advertising Aruba, or a girl who bore more than a passing resemblance to a woman you'd dated in high school— a woman you'd loved and lost— danced above you with shimmering eyes, and you said, fuck it, let's dream just one more time.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|I kindly ask you to place your name in 1 Corinthians 13:4-6. And read it out loud. This verse will help you reflect on your own behavior, to become the right type of person for yourself and others.
Gerard Way|no matter how ugly the world gets or how stupid it shows me it is, I always have faith
Thomas C. Oden, After Modernity What?: Agenda for Theology|I won't pretend that I've arrived at humble orthodoxy. When I gain a bit of theological knowledge, I all too frequently get puffed up with pride. But I'll tell you what deflates my arrogance and self-righteousness faster than anything else: trying to live whatever truth I have.
Mark Brightlife, Overcoming Depression: Pragmatic Solutions to Deal with Suicidal Thoughts|...the only way out consists of using a social mask.This is why those under depression will smile more as well as make efforts to please and entertain compared to anyone else....If they could hide in public, and they do hide in other ways, both psychological and physical.The psychological feeling of being trapped comes afterwards from the need to have social life, and that's when the anti-social personality starts developing furthermore.
Tonya Kappes, A Ghostly Demise|There were two things Southerners hated to see knocking on their door. Jehovah Witnesses, because the majority of us were Baptist, and the undertaker. It was understandable that when Terk Rhinehammer opened the door, his face turned white as all the blood was drained from it after he looked past me and saw my hearse.	"What's wrong?" He used his hands to pat down his chest. "I'm not dead, am I?
Kevin Hearne, Hunted|The wind and the grass and something in the sky, sun, or moon, shining on our backs as we run: They are gifts that humans toss away like socks on Christmas morning, because we see them every day and don't think of them as gifts anymore. But new socks are always better than old socks. And the wind and grass and sky, I think, are better seen with new eyes than jaded ones. I hope my eyes will never grow old.
Lady Starlight|I think if we were going to worry about teen pregnancy being glamorized, we should worry about shows like 'Teen Mom'. If people are going to want to have children at a young age because they see it on TV, I think that depends on the type of person you're dealing with.
Auliq Ice|Feelings will get you out of control, but faith doesn't.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Our foibles, issues, lies, and idiosyncrasies are not the problem, I swear. Our hiding them is. It’s what leaves us not trusting each other and not developing ourselves to become trustworthy.
Lee Argus, Chance Escape|Where death follows, there’s life. When darkness surrounds you in a world of chaos, search and you’ll eventually find the light.
William Wordsworth|Society has parted man from man, neglectful of the universal heart.
Brian Andreas, Story People: Selected Stories & Drawings of Brian Andreas|I was waiting for the longest time, she said. I thought you forgot.It is hard to forget, I said, when there is such an empty space when you are gone.
Billy Crystal|I often go to bed in my birthday suit. But I like teddies and cute little undies that match. I like a sexy bra and panty set, or little shorts.
Katie Alender, Bad Girls Don't Die|I don't know," I said. "What else did you do for your first eighteen years?""Like I said," he said as I unlocked the car, "I'm not so sure that you should go by my example.""Why not?""Because I have my regrets," he said. "Also, I'm a guy. And guys do different stuff.""Like ride bikes?" I said."No," he replied. "Like have food fights. And break stuff. And set off firecrackers on people's front porches. And...""Girls can't set off firecrackers on people's front porches?""They can," he said... "But they're smart enough not to. That's the difference.
Tahereh Mafi, Furthermore|Alice couldn’t explain why, exactly, but she knew now that things had changed between them. Oliver had become her friend in an absolute, uncomplicated way. She was done fighting him, and he was done lying to her.
Angie karan|You have the power to make your own choices. Everything in this world depends upon you ... its all about how you want to spend your life .. once you understand this fact you can come out of illusions of life .. just ask yourself what you want !! Your heart will definitely tell you the truth, and then ... who stops you ??? Its a question and answer as well
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|If counseling is to be restored to the church, affection must be restored to reflection. If counseling is to be restored to the church, delight in God must be restored to doctrines about God. Savoring Christ must be restored to seeing Christ. Tender contrition must be restored to tough conviction. Communication with God must be restored to contending for God.
Edgar Allan Poe|The eye, like a shattered mirror, multiplies the images of sorrow.
Michelle Blanchard|That's life, You know . Dreams come true, just to get ripped away the millisecond you begin to let down your guard and let someone in. And thus the "circle" waits to begin anew.
Alfred Tennyson|~ Not every poem is meant for oral stimulation, some are better devoured mentally.
Thomas S. Monson|The storm stops at the door. Love reigns, peace dwells.
Barry Jenkins|Racism and injustice and violence sweep our world, bringing a tragic harvest of heartache and death.
Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' — which is just another way of saying that you can't.
Etta James|I wanna show that gospel, country, blues, rhythm and blues, jazz, rock ‘n’ roll are all just really one thing. Those are the American music and that is the American culture.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Matters of Convenience|Was she happy? She thought – yes, reasonably so. Then again, what was happiness but the vast terrain between ecstasy and agony? Was this too small an ambition?
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Don't judge me by first impression, You will surprise onward.
Alessia Cara|If you, like, consciously think about being cool, you're not cool. If you consciously think about being, like, different or original, you ain't different or original.
Andrew Klavan, The Great Good Thing: A Secular Jew Comes to Faith in Christ|Anyway, God is not susceptible to proofs and disproofs. If you believe, the evidence is all around you. If you don’t believe, no evidence can be enough.
Mary Balogh|Mastery is not something that strikes in an instant, like a thunderbolt, but a gathering power that moves steadily through time, like weather.
Julia Watts, Secret City|Great laughter rang from all sides. I wondered what the Spirit of the Mountain was thinking, and looked up and saw jackpines in the moon, and saw ghosts of old miners, and wondered about it. IN the whole eastern dark wall of the Divide this night there was silence and the whisper of the wind, except in the ravine where we roared; and on the other side of the Divide was the great Western Slope, and the big plateau that went to Steamboat Springs, and dropped, and led you to the western Colorado desert and the Utah desert; all in darkness now as we fumed and screamed in our mountain nook, mad drunken Americans in the mighty land. We were on the roof of America and all we could do was yell, I guess.
Henna Sohail|A man makes choices,” Tal said.“True, but what choices a man makes depends on what choices he is offered.
Colleen Curran|Nick spreads cream cheese on my bagel for me because it’s hard to do with one hand. You need to hold the bagel and everything.“You are the nicest boyfriend ever,” I tell him and kiss his cheek.“Gag,” Devyn says.“You’re just jealous,” Nick teases him and points his plastic knife at Devyn. “Which is ridiculous because you are the star of the school now that the wheelchair is totally gone. Everyone is talking about you.”“Star of the school?” Devyn asks. He takes a swig of Gatorade.“All the girls.” Nick gestures to the girls giggling behind them. “They like miracles. It’s sexy. Remember how much play Jay Dahlberg got when he came back from being abducted?” He does not add by pixies because he does not have to.“Really?” Devyn does this cheesy and really fake eyebrow wiggle thing so he looks like some sleezy porn dog.
Mary Russel|Don't Trust BlindlyIf in shark infested waters, don't assume the fin coming toward you is a dolphin.
Joy Katz|Art has been wrecked by a complete consciousness of the universe which shews that the world is to each man only a rubbish-heap limned by his individual perception. It will be saved, if at all, by the next and last step of disillusion; the realisation that complete consciousness and truth are themselves valueless, and that to acquire any genuine artistic titillation we must artificially invent limitations of consciousness and feign a pattern of life common to all mankind--most naturally the simple old pattern which ancient and groping tradition first gave us.
E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread|He had known so much about her once -what she thought, how she felt, the reasons for her actions. And now he only knew that he loved her, and all the other knowledge seemed passing from him just as he needed it most.
Maria Malonzo, Hello, Privet! #1 : Hello/Привет|Whatever crimes this man had committed, they weren't as egregious as his inflated self-image.
Michael Hayden|If we are going to conduct espionage in the future, we are going to have to make some changes in the relationship between the intelligence community and the public it serves.
Morihei Ueshiba|I think in art, but especially in films, people are trying to confirm their own existences.
Jane Yolen, Black Swan, White Raven|A story can fly like a bee, so straight and swift you catch only the hum of its passing. Or move so slowly it seems motionless, curled in upon itself like a snake in the sun. It can vanish like smoke before the wind. Linger like perfume in the nose. Change with every telling, yet always remain the same.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|Self-confidence is not the same thing as ego. This is not to say that the two don’t (frequently) dance hand in hand down the street, pushing over old ladies in crosswalks and kicking baby kittens. But they are definitely not the same entity. Ego is thinking you have all the answers. Self-confidence is knowing you don’t have the answers, but being pretty sure that you will be able to find them.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unmasked|No. Merely a trick of the light. But I had the impression you were seeking something more formal than‘Okay, go for it,’ as Ven would say,” Alaric said, a hint of a smile surfacing. “Looked pretty impressive,didn’t it? It’s a priest thing.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 1st Movement|They fell in love the way you do the first time, when you're young, and you feel as if you have nothing and everything to lose
Alice Sebold|She wasn't actually speaking to me, she was singing a kind of lullaby of talk. But, eventually, the music stopped. 
David Lee Roth|I used to have a drug problem, now I make enough money.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.
Venkatraman Ramakrishnan|People go into science out of curiosity, not to win awards. But scientists are human and have ambitions.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|He looked up at the reddening sky and said with a self-deprecating laugh, "You put me to shame, Seraphina. Your bravery always has.""It's not bravery; it's bullheaded bumbling."He shook his head, staring off into the middle distance. "I know courage when I see it, and when I lack it.
moolesh.k.dindoyal|I must send you into exile, that you may be the coal of her heart. No real thing can be so perfect as memory, and she will need a perfect thing if she is to survive. She will warm herself on the memory of you when there is nothing else, and be sustained.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Prayer, sacred supernatural act.
Jeffrey Perren, Death Is Overrated|Aren’t you at all curious about your past?” Rhys asked.“No, my present is who I am. Your identity is whoever you choose to be, not who your parents were.”“But as a scientist you know that prior events influence it, and the future.”“In physics, yes. In people, no.
Ludwig von Mises, The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality|It is irrelevant to the entrepreneur, as the servant of the consumers, whether the wishes and wants of the consumers are wise or unwise, moral or immoral. He produces what the consumers want. In this sense he is amoral. He manufactures whiskey and guns just as he produces food and clothing. It is not his task to teach reason to the sovereign consumers. Should one entrepreneur, for ethical reasons of his own, refuse to manufacture whiskey, other entrepreneurs would do so as long as whiskey is wanted and bought. It is not because we have distilleries that people drink whiskey; it is because people like to drink whiskey that we have distilleries. One may deplore this. But it is not up to the entrepreneurs to improve mankind morally. And they are not to be blamed if those whose duty this is have failed to do so.
S. Elle Cameron, A Tragic Heart|His smile is beautiful. It's the kind of smile that can take away all nervousness and tension in a room, no matter how big. I have no choice but to smile back.
Bryn  Hammond, Amgalant Two: Tribal Brawls|Tchingis, if you determine this is to be so, who can withstand you? You are poetry after an ugly day, and heal wounds I didn't know I had.
Lal Bahadur Shastri|The March on Washington was a March for Jobs and Freedom. There are still too many people who are unemployed or underemployed in America - they're black, white, Latino, Native American and Asian American.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|Now, as it happens, theology is actually a pitilessly demanding discipline concerning an immense, profoundly sophisticated legacy of hermeneutics, dialectics, and logic; it deals in minute detail with a vast variety of concrete historical data; over the centuries, it has incubated speculative systems of extraordinary rigor and intricacy, many of whose questions and methods continue to inform contemporary philosophy; and it does, when all is said and done, constitute the single intellectual, moral, spiritual, and cultural tradition uniting the classical, medieval, and early modern worlds.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|Hi, I'm Day. Hi, I'm June.
Michele Jennae|From our primary schools to secondary schools, to tertiary institutions, there must be a mass campaign to educate our people in the value of labour.
Arnaldur Indriðason, Jar City|Erlendur didn’t believe in premonitions, visions or dreams, nor reincarnation or karma, he didn’t believe in God although he’d often read the Bible, nor in eternal life or that his conduct in this world would affect whether he went to heaven or hell. He felt that life itself offered a mixture of the two.Then sometimes he experienced this incomprehensible and supernatural de´ja` -vu, experienced time and place as if he’d seen it all before, as if he stepped outside himself, became an onlooker to his own life. There was no way he could explain what it was thathappened or why his mind played tricks on him like this.
Terry Pratchett, Maskerade|Feminine intuition? Is that what you wanted the robot for? You men. Faced with a woman reaching a correct conclusion and unable to accept the fact that she is your equal or superior in intelligence, you invent something called feminine intuition.
O.R. Melling, The Book of Dreams|If you put good apples into a bad situation, you’ll get bad apples.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|For the first time, he heard something that he knew to be music. He heard people singing. Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhaps, it was only an echo.
Plutarch|While Leonidas was preparing to make his stand, a Persian envoy arrived. The envoy explained to Leonidas the futility of trying to resist the advance of the Great King's army and demanded that the Greeks lay down their arms and submit to the might of Persia. Leonidas laconically told Xerxes, "Come and get them.
Orson Scott Card, The Worthing Saga|I cut the wood however I like, but it's the grain that decides the strength and shape of it. You can add and subtract memories from people, but it isn't just your memory that makes you who you are. There's something in the grain of the mind.
Sam Tanenhaus|Just introduce a woman, conspiracies succeed; Of soldiers, or their weapons, there really is no need.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|God Will Save MeA terrible storm came into a town and local officials sent out an emergency warning that the riverbanks would soon overflow and flood the nearby homes. They ordered everyone in the town to evacuate immediately.A faithful Christian man heard the warning and decided to stay, saying to himself, “I will trust God and if I am in danger, then God will send a divine miracle to save me.”The neighbors came by his house and said to him, “We’re leaving and there is room for you in our car, please come with us!” But the man declined. “I have faith that God will save me.”As the man stood on his porch watching the water rise up the steps, a man in a canoe paddled by and called to him, “Hurry and come into my canoe, the waters are rising quickly!” But the man again said, “No thanks, God will save me.”The floodwaters rose higher pouring water into his living room and the man had to retreat to the second floor. A police motorboat came by and saw him at the window. “We will come up and rescue you!” they shouted. But the man refused, waving them off saying, “Use your time to save someone else! I have faith that God will save me!”The flood waters rose higher and higher and the man had to climb up to his rooftop.A helicopter spotted him and dropped a rope ladder. A rescue officer came down the ladder and pleaded with the man, "Grab my hand and I will pull you up!" But the man STILL refused, folding his arms tightly to his body. “No thank you! God will save me!”Shortly after, the house broke up and the floodwaters swept the man away and he drowned.When in Heaven, the man stood before God and asked, “I put all of my faith in You. Why didn’t You come and save me?”And God said, “Son, I sent you a warning. I sent you a car. I sent you a canoe. I sent you a motorboat. I sent you a helicopter. What more were you looking for?
Ramana Pemmaraju|The fact is very few men live harmoniously, while most of us survive miraculously!
Jonathan Winters|It's the uncertainty, the challenge and the willingness to put it all on the line that draws a lot of people to climb mountains. That can also apply to a lot of other challenges in life, whether it's running for office, starting a family, going to grad school or taking all of your cash and assets and starting a business.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Along the way I stopped into a coffee shop. All around me normal, everyday city types were going about their normal, everyday affairs. Lovers were whispering to each other, businessmen were poring over spread sheets, college kids were planning their next ski trip and discussing the new Police album. We could have been in any city in Japan. Transplant this coffee shop scene to Yokohama or Fukuoka and nothing would seem out of place. In spite of which -- or, rather, all the more because -- here I was, sitting in this coffee shop, drinking my coffee, feeling a desperate loneliness. I alone was the outsider. I had no place here. Of course, by the same token, I couldn't really say I belonged to Tokyo and its coffee shops. But I had never felt this loneliness there. I could drink my coffee, read my book, pass the time of day without any special thought, all because I was part of the regular scenery. Here I had no ties to anyone. Fact is, I'd come to reclaim myself.
Margaret Mallory, Captured by a Laird|David strode through the battle raging between his men and the castle defenders in the courtyard and headed straight for the keep, intent on his goal.The castle would fall quickly. The defenders lacked leadership and were in disarray. His only concern was whether the castle had a secret tunnel for escape. During the siege, he had spread his men out through the fields surrounding the fortress to keep watch. But he had concentrated his forces for the attack and most were now inside the castle. If there was a tunnel, he must secure the widow and her daughters before they had a chance to escape. He did not relish the idea of having to chase them down through the fields with dogs.The defenders had foolishly waited too long to withdraw to the keep, and most were caught in the courtyard when David’s men burst through the gate. He barely spared them a glance as he ran up the steps of the keep.With several of his warriors at his back, he burst through the doors brandishing his sword. He paused inside the entrance to hall. Women and children were screaming, and the few Blackadder warriors who had made it inside were overturning tables in a useless attempt to set up a defense.“If ye hope for mercy, drop your weapons,” David shouted, making his voice heard above the chaos.He locked gazes with the men who hesitated to obey his order until every weapon clanked to the floor, then he swept his gaze over the women. Their clothing confirmed what he’d known the moment he entered the hall. Blackadder’s widow was not in the room.“Where is she?” he demanded of the closest Blackadder man.“Who, m’lord?” the man said, shifting his gaze to the side.“Your mistress!” David picked him up by the front of his tunic and leaned in close. “Tell me now.”“In her bedchamber,” the man squeaked, pointing to an arched doorway. “’Tis up the stairs.”David caught a sudden whiff of urine and dropped the man to the floor in disgust. The wretch had wet himself.“Take him to the dungeon,” he ordered. The coward had given up his mistress far too easily.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|A marriage ends up being a business deal: no matter how long or short it is, somebody owes somebody money.
George Lucas, The Star Wars Trilogy|No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.
William Saroyan|Everybody has got to die, but I have always believed an exception would be made in my case.
S.B. Sebrick|Part-time effort, won't yield full-time results
Timothy West|I want a car that will last 10 years or longer because I totally hate the process of researching, shopping for a new car, and then haggling for the price. I wish I could just snap my fingers and my car is there.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|How quickly bodies came to love each other, promise themselves to each other always, without asking permission. From the mind! If only she could give up her mind, let her heart swell, inflamed, her brain stepping out for whole days, whole seasons, her work shrinking to limericks.
Andrew Wyeth|To sparkle its enough to be a Star, but to shine you have to be at Sky.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|His idleness was his refuge, and in this he was like many others in [occupied] France in that period; laziness became political.
Kevin J.  Donaldson|Even when the economy isn’t doing so well, people will still need good products and services. When you build a business around products and services that people will always need, then find innovative ways to let it run on autopilot while you grow it, then that’s a sure recipe for wealth.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|. . . have not some religions, including the most influential forms of Christianity, taught that the heart of man is totally corrupt? How could the course of religion in its entire sweep not be marked by practices that are shameful in their cruelty and lustfulness, and by beliefs that are degraded and intellectually incredible? What else than what we can find could be expected, in the case of people having little knowledge and no secure method of knowing; with primitive institutions, and with so little control of natural forces that they lived in a constant state of fear?
Napoléon Bonaparte|The hand that gives is among the hand that takes. Money has no fatherland, financiers are without patriotism and without decency, their sole object is gain.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I used to rush into strange dreams at night: dreams many-coloured, agitated, full of the ideal, the stirring, the stormy--dreams where, amidst unusual scenes, charged with adventure, with agitating risk and romantic chance, I still again and again met Mr. Rochester, always at some exciting crisis; and then the sense of being in his arms, hearing his voice, meeting his eye, touching his hand and cheek, loving him, being loved by him--the hope of passing a lifetime at his side, would be renewed, with all its first force and fire. Then I awoke. Then I recalled where I was, and how situated. Then I rose up on my curtainless bed, trembling and quivering; and then the still, dark night witnessed the convulsion of despair, and heard the burst of passion.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|Something about Bekka and Haylee reminded her of Candace's line between ingenious and insane. Ingenuity inspired their dreams, and insanity gave them the courage to pursue them. It was something Melody wanted for herself.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|Your mother wasn’t upset. “Scars stay with you so you don’t forget,” she said. She seemed almost satisfied.
Robin Bielman, Once Upon a Royal Christmas|Sweetheart, for you, I’d share whatever you asked.
Sophie Scholl|It’s the reductionist approach to life: if you keep it small, you’ll keep it under control. If you don’t make any noise, the bogeyman won’t find you. But it’s all an illusion, because they die too, those people who roll up their spirits into tiny little balls so as to be safe. Safe?! From what? Life is always on the edge of death; narrow streets lead to the same place as wide avenues, and a little candle burns itself out just like a flaming torch does. I choose my own way to burn.
George Bernard Shaw|A little learning is a dangerous thing, but we must take that risk because a little is as much as our biggest heads can hold.
Akshay Vasu|Everything you have said will not matter anymore one day, only those things that you never said will always haunt you and strangle you every time you see your world in someone else's hand.
Donna Quesada, Buddha in the Classroom: Zen Wisdom to Inspire Teachers|When you catch yourself slipping into a pool of negativity, notice how it derives from nothing other than resistance to the current situation.
Sara Levine, Touchstone Anthology of Contemporary Creative Nonfiction: Work from 1970 to the Present|...a writer without authority? Impossible. as Kenneth Burke says, creation implies authority in the sense of originator....
Vladimir Nabokov, Despair|She is a great gobbler of books, but reads only trash, memorizing nothing and leaving out the longer descriptions.
Barack Obama|Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Alexander Gordon Smith|Run, sweetheart, run.
Tina Brown|If you're somebody that gets a chance to go somewhere... that has to work somewhere or go to another city, then do your best to see it. Because I just think that's the best way to have an interesting life.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|It turned out this man worked for the Dalai Lama. And she said gently-that they believe when a lot of things start going wrong all at once, it is to protect something big and lovely that is trying to get itself born-and that this something needs for you to be distracted so that it can be born as perfectly as possible.
Milena Michiko Flašar, I Called Him Necktie|You can let yourself off the hook anytime you want, Liz. That's the divine contract of a little something we call free will.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Because...Beacause it's so good, and there's only one chance to read a book for the first time, and I want it to last. That experience. I'd finish it in a day otherwise, and that'd be like...like eating a carton of ice cream in one sitting. Too much richness over too quickly. This way, I can draw it out. Make the book last longer. Savor it. I have to since they don't come out that often.
Henry B. Eyring|Call it the Tiger Mom effect: In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Respect is a close relative of tolerance, and both go a long way to prevent and alleviate the negative interactions between and among people. Respect was a member of each Lakota household during the free-roaming buffalo-hunting days on the northern plains.
Margaret Mahy|Reading is very creative - it's not just a passive thing. I write a story; it goes out into the world; somebody reads it and, by reading it, completes it.
Virginia Woolf|For it is probable that when people talk aloud, the selves (of which there may be more than two thousand) are conscious of disserverment, and are trying to communicate but when communication is established there is nothing more to be said.
Donald Rumsfeld|I declare before you all that my whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong.
Alin Sav|You Need To Gauge, To Engage.
Francine Pascal, Fearless|It doesn't matter if you're 20, 40, 60, 80, or 100. Embrace your sexy-ass self and express it!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Glory went to look in on her father. He lay on his right side, his face composed, intent on sleep. His hair had been brushed into a soft white cloud, like harmless aspiration, like a mist given off by the endless work of dreaming.
Bluenscottish|Leaders who listen to their team ,encourage dreams, they inspire success by example andl ignite the passion needed to achieve ~Bluenscottish
Piet Mondrian|Mary and Jesus had this extraordinary relationship between them. What a teacher Mary is, really. It is the ultimate trusting; that she had to trust God, that she was so privileged to be the mother of the Savior, that she had to stand there as a mother and watch her son being murdered and trust that that is what he came to do.
Mehmet Murat ildan|My father once told me that American democracy is a people’s democracy at heart, and that it therefore can be as great as the American people, or as fallible. It depends on all of us. But our system is more fragile than we know. To sustain it, we must always cherish the ideals on which it was founded, remain vigilant against the dark forces that threaten it, and actively engage in the process of making it work.
Darrell Calkins, Re: [Kindle Edition]|Through the realization of the potentials and possibilities within and outside of you, one connects imagination with reality. What could be becomes so.
R.S. Sexton, Samuel Parker and the New Templars|If you never lie, you don't have to remember what you said.
Sidney W. Mintz, Sweetness and Power: The Place of Sugar in Modern History|Most of us, most of the time, act within plays the lines of which were written long ago, the images of which require recognition, not invention.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|Unlike Muir and Thoreau, McCandless went into the wilderness not primarily to ponder nature or the world at large but, rather, to explore the inner country of his own soul.
Ken Poirot|The longer you remain distant, the deeper, wider, and darker the chasm becomes making it all the more difficult to bridge.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Taking trips tore all of us up inside, for they seemed, each journey away from home, something that might have been less selfishly undertaken, or something that would test us, or something that had better be momentous, to justify such a leap into the dark. The torment and guilt - the torment of having the loved one go, the guilt of being the loved one gone - comes into my fiction as it did and does in my life. And most of all the guilt then was because it was true: I had left to arrive at some future and secret joy, at what was unknown, and what was no in New York, waiting to be discovered. My joy was connected with my writing; that was as much as I knew.
R. Kelly|I have got good films, and I am thankful to Aditya Chopra. He put a lot of faith in me.
Bolesław Prus|Don’t think about happiness. If it doesn’t come, there’s no disappointment; if it does come, it’s a surprise.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|It is your turn to say something now, Mr. Darcy. I talked about the dance, and you ought to make some kind of remark on the size of the room, or the number of couples.
Nancy Gibbs|Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes.
Rabin Mahmud|Before I shall have become a man again I shall probably exist as a park, a sort of natural park in which people come to rest, to while away the time. What they say or do will be of little matter, for they will bring only their fatigue, their boredom, their hopelessness.
Jean Déchanet, Christian Yoga|God forbid that I should boast of being poor, gentle, and meek. But I am striving to attain these virtues. Every day the exercises, and indeed the whole ascetic discipline of my Yoga, make it easier for the grace of Christ to flow in me. I feel my hunger for God growing, and my thirst for righteousness, and my desire to be a Christian in the full strength of the word- to be for Christ, to be of Christ, without any half-measures of reservations.
Kliph Nesteroff, The Comedians: Drunks, Thieves, Scoundrels, and the History of American Comedy|Theater owners dodged construction costs, cutting corners and employing nonunion labor. Shoddy methods caused the death of vaudeville comedian Rube Dickinson in Kansas City. Booked at a brand-new venue, Dickinson stepped outside to have a smoke and was standing underneath the large wooden marquee advertising him when it collapsed. As the marquee caved, so too did his head—killed under the weight of his own name.
Danabelle Gutierrez, & Until The Dreams Come|When his flame falls, my lightning rises, and so on.
Joan Didion|Normally, things are viewed in these little segmented boxes. There's classical, and then there's jazz; romantic, and then there's baroque. I find that very dissatisfying. I was trying to find the thread that connects one type of music - one type of musician - to another, and to follow that thread in some kind of natural, evolutionary way.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|The heat from his penetration sends a shockwave through my entire being.”—Sofia Herrera (Total Abandonment, Unbearable Passion, #4)
Malori Howell|The decision is mine, and I choose happiness
R.A. Salvatore, Streams of Silver|Nostalgia is a necessary thing, I believe, and a way for all of us to find peace in that which we have accomplished, or even failed to accomplish. At the same time, if nostalgia precipitates actions to return to that fabled, rosy-painted time, particularly in one who believes his life to be a failure, then it is an empty thing, doomed to produce nothing but frustration and an even greater sense of failure.
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Deary me, boys, why? Why would someone with so much going for him have... have... ended it all in the way he appears to have done? 'Oh father, you see, it could be for any number of reasons ,' Andy said, serious and fluent, as if he was an expert on the subject. 'Personally I think it's a miracle that any of us survives.' What do you mean? said the Priest.'I mean' continued Andy, 'there's this one moment as you're growing up when the world suddenly feels more or less pointless- when the terribleness of reality lands on you, like something falling from the sky.''Something falling? Like what? asked Father Frank, trying his best.'Something big, like a piano, say, or a fridge. And when that happens, there's no going back to the time when it hadn't landed on you.'‘But what about the pleasures and the joy and the purpose, like sport, music, girls and the like?’ Father Frank was nearly pleading now.‘Fiction,’ sighed Andy. ‘Mirages in the desert of life, to make people feel like it might be worth it.’ ‘Oh,’ said Father Frank. ‘Oh I see, and do all you youngsters get this feeling?’‘Yes, I think so,’ said Andy, not even asking anyone else for their opinion, but most of us learn to live with it.’‘Well that’s a relief, I suppose.
Jack Canfield|But my experience is that people who have been through painful, difficult times are filled with compassion.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Calling out the supposed ‘abuse’ of welfare by blacks and other people of color is a time-honored tactic for distracting the general public from actual national issue. It also taps into latent, subconscious racism, which is what right-wing politicians would call a ‘win-win.
Eddie Van Halen|The hell with the rules. If it sounds right, then it is.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Your repressed feelings desperately try to climb to the surface but fail to do so, and in therapy we seek to reveal -- to uncloak, if you will -- these unconscious desires, the things that your mind tries to repress, those secrets of your soul.
Echo and the Bunnymen, Echo And The Bunnymen|In starlit nights I saw you,So cruelly you kissed me.Your lips a magic world,Your sky all hung with jewels.The killing moonWill come too
Enza Vita|Realization is the direct seeing that this entity you have believed yourself to be has its roots in something infinitely vast and that this entity is not separate from that vastness, the source, the absolute.
Widad Akreyi|The free worker receives a wage; the slave an education, food, care, clothing; the money that the master spends to keep the slave is drained little by little and in detail; one hardly perceives it.1
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Ask anyone and they'll most likely say their family is crazy, and if they don't say their family is crazy, their friends are crazy. That's because everyone is crazy after taking the mask off. People are most themselves when not really trying to fit in, when either alone or around those already closest to them, and that is crazy.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|I'm bad at this," she said with a laugh as she glanced up at him. "But I do know that people normally like to talk about themselves."Laith was enamored. Totally, completely. Utterly. "What do you want to know?""Everything." Her gaze slowly lifted to meet his once again.
Jonathan Franzen, Farther Away|Love or hatred calls for self-surrender. He cuts a fine figure, the warm-blooded, prosperous man, solidly entrenched in his well-being, who one fine day surrenders all to love—or to hatred; himself, his house, his land, his memories.
Madeleine L'Engle|The true reader must be an extension of the author. He is the higher court that receives the case already prepared by the lower court. The feeling by means of which the author has separated out the materials of his work, during reading separates out again the unformed and the formed aspects of the book—and if the reader were to work through the book according to his own idea, a second reader would refine it still more, with the result that, since the mass that had been worked through would constantly be poured into fresh vessels, the mass would finally become an essential component—a part of the active spirit.Through impartial rereading of his book the author can refine his book himself. With strangers the particular character is usually lost, because the talent of fully entering into another person’s idea is so rare. Often even in the author himself. It is not a sign of superior education and greater powers to justifiably find fault with a book. When receiving new impressions, greater sharpness of mind is quite natural.
Mitt Romney|All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
Alice Walker|It is growing up different. It is extreme hypersensitivity. It is a bottomless pit of feeling you're failing, but three days later, you feel you can do anything, only to end the week where you began. It is not learning from your mistakes. It is distrusting people because you have been hurt enough. It is moments of knowing your pain is self inflicted, followed by blaming the world. It is wanting to listen, but you just can’t anymore because your life has been to full of people that have judged you. It is fighting to be right; so for once in your life someone will respect and hear you for a change. It is a tiring life of endless games with people, in order to seek stimulus. It is a hyper focus, so intense about what bothers you, that you can’t pay attention to anything else, for very long. It is a never-ending routine of forgetting things. It is a boredom and lack of contentment that keeps you running into the arms of anyone that has enough patience to stick around. It wears you out. It wears everyone out. It makes you question God’s plan. You misinterpret everything, and you allow your creative mind to fill the gaps with the same old chains that bind you. It narrows your vision of who you let into your life. It is speaking and acting without thinking. It is disconnecting from the ones you love because your mind has taken you back to what you can’t let go of. It is risk taking, thrill seeking and moodiness that never ends. You hang your hope on “signs” and abandon reason for remedy. It is devotion to the gifts and talents you have been given, that provide temporary relief. It is the latching onto the acceptance of others---like a scared child abandoned on a sidewalk. It is a drive that has no end, and without “focus” it takes you nowhere. It is the deepest anger when someone you love hurts you, and the greatest love when they don't. It is beauty when it has purpose. It is agony when it doesn’t. It is called Attention Deficit Disorder.
Mark Hamill|I love Jared Hess' movies. He's such a weirdo and such a nice, funny guy.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Billionaire Mindset (for MoneyMaking Mommies): How to make your Billions and build your legacy|In the end it's up to you - it's about what you see, it's about what you are looking for. If you're expecting Chaos, then you will see chaos, if you're expecting to make money then you will find ways to make money. But you need to be clear about your thoughts.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|Believe what you wish, but prove what you can.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|A five-week sand blizzard?" said Deep Thought haughtily. "You ask this of me who have contemplated the very vectors of the atoms in the Big Bang itself? Molest me not with this pocket calculator stuff.
Sanjo Jendayi|Some are drawn to the light of your strength but can't handle the darkness of your weaknesses. If they run when the light gets dim, don't chase them. They have no understanding of how dark is necessary for light to shine its brightest.
Ovid|But too much love is poison, especially when that love is not returned
Agnostic Zetetic|The worst choice you can make, is no choice at all.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|To God be the glory, great things He has done and greater things He will do.
Darin Strauss, Half a Life|The part of the brain that isn't automatic is an imagining machine, feeling all possibilities of feelings: it keeps pushing its way into this marshy, pleasant terrain. You struggle against that push, and start to feel your stomach protest. It's not so much even a type of seriousness as it is a circumstance, into which you pass by slow degrees. I've never seen this sufficiently examined. It mutates into a less-unreal reality that still seems different, somehow, than being fully present. Self hate is rarely unconditional.
Charlie Higson, The Fear|If we make our own history, if we tell stories that bring us together, we'll be stronger. It'll give us something to believe in. The sickos can't do that – they're no better than animals – but we can. Every battle we win we have to tell the story over and over, so that we can win more battles. People love stories. They've told stories since even before they could write. Myths and legends, stories of heroes and villains, gods and monsters. Real things happened, the story got told and then the stories became legends. That's what we've got to do – tell our own heroic stories.
William Shakespeare, The Two Gentlemen of Verona|Oh, William, what pitiable creatures we men are! When we go to church we make the devil angry, when we enjoy ourselves in the inns, we make God angry; we are the unlucky lot stuck between two fires!
Andrzej Sapkowski, Krew elfów|You can't stop a soldier from being frightened but you can give him motivation to help him overcome that fear. I have no such motivation. I can't have. I'm a witcher: an artificially created mutant. I kill monsters for money. I defend children when their parents pay me to. If Nilfgaardian parents pay me, I'll defend Nilfgaardian children. And even if the world lies in ruin - which does not seem likely to me - I'll carry on killing monsters in the ruins of this world until some monster kills me. That is my fate, my reason, my life and my attitude to the world. And it is not what I chose. It was chosen for me.
Noam Chomsky|...if you ask me whether or not I'm an atheist, I wouldn't even answer. I would first want an explanation of what it is that I'm supposed not to believe in, and I've never seen an explanation.
Mary E. Pearson, The Adoration of Jenna Fox|The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others.
Christina L. Barr, Sunrise Sunset|In life, when you have a partner–someone you can rely on and trust with everything that you are–there isn’t anything you can’t accomplish. I will always be there for you, if you let me.
Robert  Black|Successful long term relationships are all about power levels. A high power level male will attract and succeed with a high level power female.How do we define those power levels? We can’t, they are inherently in us, and invisible to scientists, accountants, psychologists and spiritualists alike. None can explain the Universe in its entirety, and it is more than chemistry, biology, physics, genetics, horoscopes, religion, in-laws, fame, psychology and spirituality.We may be infatuated by a person, but as soon as we hold their hands, kiss their lips, and especially, make love or have sex with them, their power levels will be instantly exposed.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|There's a story behind every "I don't believe in love""Period
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|He might have hurt me a little,' Atticus conceded, 'but sn, you'll understand folks a little better when you're older. A mob's always made up of people, no matter what. Mr Cunnignham was part of a mob last night, but he ws still a man.Every mob in every little Souhern town is always made up of people you know - doesn't say much for them, does it?''I'll say ot, ' said Jem.'So it took an eight-year-old child to bring 'em to their senses, didn't it?' said Atticus. 'That proves something - that a gang of wild animals can be stopped, simply because they're still human. Hmp, maybe we need a police force of children.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|And so the problem remained; lots of people were mean, and most were miserable, even the ones with digital watches.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In your most desperate moments where you crawl on the ground like worms, sometimes you suddenly hear the voice of a savior, the voice of the Music which immediately carries you away to the stars!
Leslie Marmon Silko, Almanac of the Dead|The truth of course was otherwise, but Lecha had never felt she owed anyone the truth, unless it was truth about their own lives, and then they had to pay her to tell them.
Wogu Donald|when you conspire with your inspirations, you have a lead to success
Mikoto Kuga|The World is an organization that was created for peacekeeping and management of this land. Its origin and science easily exceeds the civilization on the surface. This ship was provided to us by the World, and we're responsible for its operations.
Mitt Romney|I suppose there are many, but I cannot imagine ever having a more perfect collaboration than that which Penn-san and I shared. It was based upon mutual trust, respect, and a desire to have our own work pushed to new places. And it always resulted in delight.
Desmond Morris|As a former Commander, I gave an oath to defend the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. As a state senator, I gave that same oath. As a Congressman, I gave an oath to defend the Constitution. There are some things that are not negotiable: Faith, my family, and the Constitution are dead center. It is nonnegotiable to me.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|People didn’t love all of this when they still had it. If you love something, you do what’s best for it. You don’t destroy it.
Gary Kowalski, The Souls of Animals|The rooms of his apartment were full with the dog home again, convalescing. He was satisfied to know, even when she was out of sight, that somewhere in the apartment she was sleeping or eating or sitting watchfully. It was family, he guessed, more or less. Did most people want a house of living things at night, to know that in the dark around them other warm bodies slept?Such a house could even be the whole world.
Gabriel García Márquez|The corn was orient and immortal wheat, which never should be reaped, nor was ever sown. I thought it had stood from everlasting to everlasting.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Like most modern people, we no longer bothered to make the distinction between events in real life and the dramas of fictional worlds, and so the cliff-hanger that inevitably, reliably ended the hour held just as much or more importance to us as the newspaper that usually went from doorstep to garbage bin unread, and we speculated about the future lives of the characters that populated decayed mansions or desert isles as if they weren't inventions of other human minds.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for by doing that some have entertained angels without knowing it.
Katie Holmes|It's hard because people always say, 'Follow your dreams,' but it's not a perfect world, and things don't always work out. But you've just got to work hard, and you can't take things for granted.
Lawrence G. Lovasik|In my experience, not just in shooting films but in the commercials I've done, initially, it's very exciting for the community, and its a real novelty. Very quickly, though, they realize there's a buck to be had, and it becomes annoying, and they lose their patience pretty quick.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Before her marriage she had thought that she had love within her grasp; but since the happiness which she had expected this love to bring her hadn’t come, she supposed she must have been mistaken. And Emma tried to imagine just what was meant, in life, by the words “bliss,” “passion,” and “rapture” - words that had seemed so beautiful to her in books.
D.E.M. Emrys|I hold the biscuits in front of his face and he stands up."What do I have to do?" he says."Nothing," I say. "They're for you.""Are they poisoned?" he says."No," I say."Eat one," he says.So I do."Probably the others are poisoned," he says. "Eat a fraction of each."I eat a corner off each biscuit. He looks at the reminders suspiciously, then sniffs them."I'm not sure it's worth it," he says. "How I wish you'd never come. Perhaps you've left the poison off of just those corners."I begin to realize I'll doubt whatever information he gives me."Lick the entire biscuit," he says. "Then give them to me."So I lick each biscuit."Both sides," he says.I lick both sides of each biscuit. I give him the wet biscuits and he cracks them open and sniffs them. Then he puts them in his pocket. "What do you want?" he says. "Now that you've failed to poison me to death.
Robert A. Heinlein|The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'
Lailah Gifty Akita|True knowledge makes a man reject the wrong , by chosen what is right.
ANIKOR Daniel|Do not be discourage by the height of the mountain, one step at a time will lead you there; and now is the time to begin tomorrow may be too late.
Jean Said Makdisi|I had been brought up to be something of an intellectual, but there seemed at the time no connection between my newly formed ideas and the world to which I had returned. Indeed, I did not even recognize my ideas as ideas at all: they seemed to be culled from somewhere else and did not belong to me. I did not know then what I am just beginning to know now: that my ideas were indeed mine, that I had reacted and changed and moved, that I had already analyzed and synthesized, rejecting some thoughts, adopting others, putting yet others away for a while to be thought on. I did not recognize how mentally active an individual I had become, already divorced from the world through my own thoughts, my own perceptions of right and wrong, of honour and justice, of what mattered and what did not. (2007: 117)
Catherine Louise Birmingham, Ride for Life; The Three Golden Principles for Riders|Your medal is there already in your heart, in how you think, feel and act toward yourself.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|Isn't it what life is about, after all? A series of images that pass us by like towns as you cross along a long road? Then suddenly, a scenario stands and we know that image, that moment and all the feelings connected to it will remain alive no matter what?
Debasish Mridha|We have many goals, but only one ultimate purpose of life. That purpose is to be happy.
Jazz Feylynn, Colorado State of Mind|Affection is a much profound emotion, which is inexplicable but can be fathomed through our pores. It percolates down our skin slowly.
Lana Del Rey|Every time I close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise. No one compares to you, but there's no you, except in my dreams tonight
Matsuri Hino|One day, Kaname's lips will lightly touch this neck of yours, and slowly, Kaname's teeth will sink in... If you hear the sound of Kaname drinking your own blood, Yuki-chan, then, for sure, you'll feel ecstasy.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|Andrea: "....I think a dog is a great idea. I just never pictured you with a mutant poodle.” Kate: “He isn’t a poodle. He’s a Doberman mix."Andrea: “Aha. Keep telling yourself that.
James Patterson|Save your world. Love it. Protect it, and respect it and don't let haters represent it. Don't leave the saving to anyone else, ever, because, exhibit A - why, hello there - it's way too much for one person. And if you want to skip out on the responsibility train, my whole life - and death - will have been in vain.It's yours. It's all yours for taking!You're not going to waste it now, are you?
Nicole Dennis-Benn, Here Comes the Sun|And if the best you can do is quote the Bible in defence of your prejudice, then have the humility to be consistent. The same book that exhorts against the abomination of one man lying with another also contains exhortations against the eating of pork and shell-fish and against menstruating women daring to come near holy places. It’s no good functionalistically claiming that kosher diet had its local, meteorological purposes now defunct, or that the prejudice against ovulation can be dispensed with as superstition, the Bible that you bash us with tells you that much of what you do is unclean: don’t pick and choose with a Revealed Text — or if you do, pick and choose the good bits, the bits that say things like ‘Let he who is without sin cast the first stone’, or ‘Love thy neighbour as thyself’.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Life Algebra 101 - I truly value my own ignorance of what is to come for me, It is those unknown variables the shape my future based on my knowns of today and yesterday.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Clearly outline your plans, acknowledge God and he will direct them for you. If you can have it planned, you can achieve it; if you have it planned big, you will achieve it big. Make your choice!
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|I would prefer a sword to fight duel, but a pen to plan a war.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: Der Tragödie erster und zweiter Teil. Urfaust|What matters creative endless toil, When, at a snatch, oblivion ends the coil?
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney|For the hand of a beauty with honest words and sensibilities so mighty.“Though your mother and father had hoped for something more fragile (and flighty),
Laurence Gonzales, Flight 232: A Story of Disaster and Survival|He saw at least a dozen people still in their seats. Their clothes were torn or blown or burned from their bodies, “completely naked in front, missing limbs, missing faces, some breathing, some moaning, and others just deader than a door nail.
Valerie Frankel, The Girlfriend Curse|Women get into a relationship hoping a man will change, and he never does; men get into a relationship hoping the woman don't change, but she always does. Men want their partners to be consistent. That they won't make impromptu impossible demands nor baffle him with classically female sudden-onset hysterical behavior.
Matthew Holbert|There is only one moment; its events are infinitely unfolding, increasing at every passing second—meaning that they were somehow compressed before. This moment was never smaller, but less beauty was exposed in the physical form, yet still this flower blooms. I think we tend to see time as the events alone; in this sense, we view objects as a means of measurement to time. But we forget the place of events in time is change. I am the measurement to my own happiness; time is the breadth of that beauty, and that beauty is the measurement of this moment’s grandeur. Somehow compressed, potential beauty was enfolded infinitely from the start of time, and now waits in vain for its fullest blossoming.The fact that there is a progression to time proves that time is not infinite; you can’t approach infinity. Time is more like a dot, expanding on a plane that is infinite; but that dot may as well not be growing, because the plane that its on is growing too. Stagnant, this explains what we call “now” that moment, ever unfolding; matter changes, but not the moment; the only proof that a past exists is our memories. What did it feel like to be four? Like now. My memories of a past are an illusion, because they take place in the now, the one moment.
Sam Wazan, Trapped in Four Square Miles|She was the type who chased, who danced into your life like a spring storm, and left you battered and quaking in the wake.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|There are no preconditions for jealousy. You don't have to be right, you don't have to be reasonable. Take Othello. He was neither right nor reasonable, and Desdemona ended up dead. I wouldn't mind Leanne ending up dead. I wouldn't mind exploding her into fireworks of peacock and pearl.
Aron Christensen, Whisperworld|One of these days, I would doubt the Gardeners a little too much and Zach was going to play handball with my head.
Joan Crawford|I think that the most important thing a woman can have- next to talent, of course- is her hairdresser.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We’re constantly presented with opportunity, or the opportunity to create opportunity.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to answer the question “Where am I going?” one needs to work for self-improvement, to possess decisiveness, to have a will to win and dedication to achieve the goal at all cost
Honoré de Balzac|The more he saw, the more he doubted. He watched men narrowly, and saw how, beneath the surface, courage was often rashness; and prudence, cowardice; generosity, a clever piece of calculation; justice, a wrong; delicacy, pusillanimity; honesty, a modus vivendi; and by some strange dispensation of fate, he must see that those who at heart were really honest, scrupulous, just, generous, prudent or brave were held cheaply by their fellow-men.	‘What a cold-blooded jest!’ said he to himself. ‘It was not devised by a God.’	From that time forth he renounced a better world, and never uncovered himself when a Name was pronounced, and for him the carven saints in the churches became works of art
Tom Waits|I don't want to clip on the armour every morning. I've seen some politicians do this and they get a bit mangled and bitter. I just refuse to do that. I refuse to be angry or bitter or complain, and I remain open. I may sometimes be a bit too open but I'm not going to change that one bit.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|As soon as one promises not to do something, it becomes the one thing above all others that one most wishes to do.
Robert Darnton, The Case for Books: Past, Present, and Future|Having learned to write news, I now distrust newspapers as a source of information, and I am often surprised by historians who take them as primary source for knowing what really happened. I think newspapers should be read for information about how contemporaries construed events, rather than for reliable knowledge of events themselves.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but it doesn't mean that they are right and you should listen to them.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|I am an invisible man. No, I am not a spook like those who haunted Edgar Allan Poe; nor am I one of your Hollywood-movie ectoplasms. I am a man of substance, of flesh and bone, fiber and liquids -- and I might even be said to possess a mind. I am invisible, understand, simply because people refuse to see me. Like the bodiless heads you see sometimes in circus sideshows, it is as though I have been surrounded by mirrors of hard, distorting glass.When they approach me they see only my surroundings, themselves, or figments of their imagination -- indeed, everything and anything except me.
Tom Keneally, The Daughters of Mars|Sometimes, Freud argued, people need a history enema.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|The day, a compunctious Sunday after a week of blizzards, had been part jewel, part mud. In the midst of my usual afternoon stroll through the small hilly town attached to the girls' college where I taught French literature, I had stopped to watch a family of brilliant icicles drip-dripping from the eaves of a frame house. So clear-cut were their pointed shadows on the white boards behind them that I was sure the shadows of the falling drops should be visible too. But they were not. ("The Vane Sisters")
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Everything I know, I know because of love.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|I see the cultural messaging everywhere that says an ordinary life is a meaningless life. . . . I know the yearning to believe that what I'm doing matters and how easy it is to confuse that with the drive to be extraordinary. I know how seductive it is to use the celebrity culture yardstick to measure the smallness of our lives. And I also understand how grandiosity, entitlement, and admiration-seeking feel like just the right balm to soothe the ache of being too ordinary and inadequate.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|I'd have my happy ending, whether I deserved it or not. But this land, these people - they would have their happy ending too. The first few steps toward healing. Toward peace. And then things would be fine. Then I'd be fine.
Elizabeth Peters, A River in the Sky|The men had scattered in all directions, which men are inclined to do when women leave them to their own devices for any length of time. I believe they are easily bored.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|It was the first time I discovered that some girls actually sneak out of the house during slumber parties and meet up with boys. I would’ve never known if I hadn’t gone to the bathroom at midnight and caught Macy and Adrienne climbing through the bathroom window. They had on eyeliner, perfume, and cut-off shorts. Their only goodbye a glare that promised retribution if I didn’t keep my mouth shut.
David Michie, Mindfulness Is Better Than Chocolate: A Practical Guide to Enhanced Focus and Lasting Happiness in a World of Distractions|Reading teaches us receptivity....It teaches us to receive, in stillness and attentiveness, a voice possessed temporarily, on loan....And as we grow accustomed to receiving books in stillness and attentiveness, so we can grow to receive the world, also possessed temporarily.
Noel Coward  Sir|Alma didn’t want Isabel to start singing the praises of their pet, a rescue beagle, or she wouldn’t shush until sundown. “I’ve found the missing lady,” Alma said. “Say welcome home, Betsy Sweet.
Robert E. Svoboda, Aghora II: Kundalini|Where even ravi (the sun) cannot reach, there will go a kavi (poet)." - Vimalananda
Stephanie Rawlings-Blake|Every Mother Counts is a nonprofit organization dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for every mother. We inform, engage, and mobilize audiences to take action and raise funds that support maternal health programs around the world.
Ally Carter, Uncommon Criminals|The cry of the poor is is not always just, but if you don't listen to it, you will never know what justice is.
Linda Gask, The Other Side of Silence: A Psychiatrist's Memoir of Depression|Perhaps my depression coincided with the start of every academic year and the subsequent increase in my workload. Or maybe there was a more biological explanation linked to the fact that I, like many people with depressed mood, find the absence of light at these latitudes intolerable in the winter months. I didn't know the answer - I still don't. This is who I am. I cope most of the time; I am well for months, sometimes even for more than a year; but there are recurring periods in my life when the world seems a darker, more hostile and unforgiving place. I am a person who gets depressed.
William Manchester|There was nothing green left; artillery had denuded and scarred every inch of ground. Tiny flares glowed and disappeared. Shrapnel burst with bluish white puffs. Jets of flamethrowers flickered and here and there new explosions stirred up the rubble. While I watched, an American observation plane droned over the Japanese lines, spotting targets for the U.S. warships lying offshore. Suddenly the little plane was hit by flak and disintegrated. The carnage below continued without pause.Here I was safe, but tomorrow I would be there. In that instant I realized that the worst thing that could happen to me was about to happen to me.
Anasazi Foundation|I speak of the Creator. He has walked with me often in my journeys, and it has been by learning to walk with Him that I have learned to walk forward.
Susan Sontag|Read a lot. Expect something big, something exalting or deepening from a book. No book is worth reading that isn't worth re-reading.
James Morris Robinson, Genesis: A New World Order|True heroism is not reserved solely for men and women in uniform. Heroes come in all genders, shapes, sizes and colors. We thank these world heroes for their sacrifices, courage and acts of valor that have made a difference in the world.
Edgar Allan Poe|To me, beauty and makeup and color is like the finishing touch on everything.
Shreve Stockton, The Daily Coyote: Story of Love, Survival, and Trust In the Wilds of Wyoming|It's so egotistical to believe that we know more about someone else's reality than they do, and such a waste of time.
John Shearman, Mannerism|Where would I be (and what would happen to me), if I could see all round me and above and below at once ?
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|You may be ableto fly to heaven with my love.But for real, my love is onlya cheap wine.Seriously,Only God’s love is the precious wine.And She evengives it to everyone.For free!
Talib Kweli|How sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank!Here will we sit and let the sounds of musicCreep in our ears: soft stillness and the nightBecome the touches of sweet harmony.Sit, Jessica. Look how the floor of heavenIs thick inlaid with patines of bright gold:There's not the smallest orb which thou behold'stBut in his motion like an angel sings,Still quiring to the young-eyed cherubins;Such harmony is in immortal souls;But whilst this muddy vesture of decayDoth grossly close it in, we cannot hear it."- Lorenzo, Acte V, Scene 1
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|Miracles are like pimples, because once you start looking for them you find more than you ever dreamed you'd see.
Ann Benjamin, Life After Joe|I remember the teacher telling us that Ukraine was part of the Soviet Union, alongside Russia. “The Soviet Union is the largest and most glorious empire that the world has ever seen,” the teacher lectured. “We’re all proud comrades. We’re all like brothers. We’re so lucky to be part of the greatest nation that has ever existed. We love our country and our country loves us like a mother loves her children.
Ellen J. Barrier|Living in the past, can only hold those who live there, as its prisoners.
Ellie Lieberman, Solving for X|... she wore a masterpiece smile with smudges of paint and graphite across her cheek, and her eyes were a Jackson Pollock painting.
John Zakour, The Plutonium Blonde|Stupid Ape: I had to quantify this with the word “stupid” so as not to offend the ape community. Large of limb, impotent of intellect, he was the kind of guy who lettered in leg-breaking at thug school but flunked the written exam because he didn't know which end of the e-pencil to use.
Maximillian Robespierre|To change the world by bullets or ballots was a useless procedure. If the workers ever did get a majority of either, they would have the envy and greed in their hearts and would be chained by these as much as by the chains of the master class. And the State which they would like to call a Cooperative Commonwealth would be based on power; the state would not wither away but would grow. Therefore the only revolution worthwhile was the one-man revolution within the heart. Each one could make this by himself and not need to wait on a majority.
Michelle Franklin|The absence of life is not the same as material privation: we will never again see the same soul occupying the same space. The world refers to them as pets, but that is what we do, not really what they are. Affection pays for itself in proportion to the love we offer, and if the love we lavished on him was any indication, we are inconsolable. The suffering is more on our side now, for he led an enormously happy and productive life, and we are left to remember and agonize. It is all wretchedness now. Grief is the currency for death, leaving us in emotional debt perhaps forever, but love is the tax we happily pay toward the investment of another's company, and we would all rather pay it and be happy and poor than be rich in a friendless life. He is gone, and we are now beholden to him, but we are so much happier for his having been here than we deserve to be.On the death of Ted, beloved cat
Anthony T Hincks|When you change your dress,you want to look your best.But when you change your lover,it's simply for another.
D.S. Mixell|I sometimes find myself sitting here not watching an uninteresting movie and contemplating the future. I don't always know what to do, but I have faith that I'll figure it out somehow.
Mira Lyn Kelly, Waking Up Married|Who do those boys think they are, treating us as if we are their property, taking away our innocence?
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|Good night, belovedest. Your sleep will be sweet if there is any influences in the wishes of your own.
Isaac Asimov, The Robots of Dawn|Never explain yourself to people, just make them feel you.
Francis Crick|Where two principles really do meet which cannot be reconciled with one another, then each man declares the other a fool and a heretic
Madeline Sheehan, Undeniable|Sam and Caine were left standing side by side, bruised and battered, to stare over Penny's sickening corpse, at the face of their mother.
Harlan Coben|I love the concept of the romance that exists when people are broken. Like, the promise of a romance when you're at the bottom. I think that's infinitely compelling and romantic.
Hozier|Before I started writing about food, my focus was really on the human relationship to plants. Not only do plants nourish us bodily - they nourish us psychologically.
Emil M. Cioran|Nothing sweeter than to drag oneself along behind events; and nothing more reasonable. But without a strong dose of madness, no initiative, no enterprise, no gesture. Reason: the rust of our vitality. It is the madman in us who forces us to adventure; once he abandons us, we are lost; everything depends on him, even our vegetative life; it is he who invites us, who obliges us to breathe, and it is also he who forces our blood to venture through our veins. Once he withdraws, we are alone indeed! We cannot be normal and alive at the same time.
Warsan Shire, Our Men Do Not Belong To Us|The only darkness we should allow into our lives is the night, for even then, we have the moon.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Have you ever imagined walking with me? A long walk on an empty road, on a cold night. Where there is no one around, except us. My hand touches yours, in the name of sweet accidents. The stars decide to shine and the galaxies decide to burst inside me, instead of the sky. And all of a sudden, my hands try to play with your fingers. Until my fingers fill the gaps between yours.
Ravi Ranjan, My Experience with 498A: Are all marriages made in heaven?|You see it dying, you feel helpless while it fades,You tend to lose hope lest you forget, a ripple is all, and that's all it takes...#MyExperiencewith498A
Ellen Hopkins|I love the way she feels inthe curve of my arm. I loveher unpretentious beauty,her intelligence, her nerve.But could I ever love her?The concept of falling in loveis completely foreign, somethingI can’t bring myself to accept. Her hair pillows my cheek and her hand on my leg is warm. I care about you, Conner, and I hate to see you hurting. I want to respond but can’tfind the pretty words I need.
Ellis Peters, The Heretic's Apprentice|They sell courage of a sort in the taverns. And another sort, though not for sale, a man can find in the confessional. Try the alehouses and the churches, Hugh. In either a man can be quiet and think.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Jessamine blew out her cheeks in exasperation. "I think you ought to let me take poor Tessa into town to get some new clothes. Otherwise, the first time she takes a deep breath, that dress will fall right off her."Will looked interested. "I think she should try that out right now and see what happens.
Ralph Marston|There are two tests in life, more important than any other test. On Monday morning, when you wake up, do you feel in the pit of your stomach you can't wait to go to work? And when you're ready to go home Friday afternoon, do you say, 'I can't wait to go home?'
Sun Tzu|The Cold War isn't thawing; it is burning with a deadly heat. Communism isn't sleeping; it is, as always, plotting, scheming, working, fighting.
Thomas Clifford Allbutt|Another source of fallacy is the vicious circle of illusions which consists on the one hand of believing what we see, and on the other in seeing what we believe.
Joe Bageant, Rainbow Pie|There, in the unconscious, we sleep upon the psyche's oceanic floor, together like some vast bed of kelp, each wavering strand an individual American, swaying in the currents of national suggestion. In the form of a giant Portuguese man-of-war, our government hovers, rippling above us, showering freshly produced national memory spores on the fertile bed of our forgetfulness. Schools of undulating corporate jellyfish pass over, sowing the brands of products and services ... followed by the octopi called media and marketing, issuing milky clouds of sperm to fertilise the seeds with the animating plasma of The Great Dream.
Anthony T Hincks|It is a hot summer day in Tennessee in the midst of the sixth decade of this century. The girl has climbed the fence to get to the swimming hole she has visited so many summers of her life in the time before this part of the land was enclosed. She stands now at the edge of it. Her body is sticky with heat. The surface of the water moves slightly. Sunlight shimmers and dances in a green reflection that seems as she stares at it to pull her in even before her skin is wet with it. Drops of water on the infant’s head. All the body immersed for baptism. Do these images come to her as she sinks into the coolness? The washing of hands before Sunday’s midday meal. All our sins washed away. Water was once the element for purification. But at the bottom of this pool, There is no telling what is there now. This is what the girl’s father will say to her finally: corroded cans of chemical waste, some radioactive substances. That was why they put the fence there. She is not thinking of that now. The words have not yet been said, and so for her no trouble exists here. The water holds up her body. She is weightless in this fulsome element, the waves her body makes embracing her with their own benediction. Beneath her in the shadowy green, she feels the depth of the pond. In this coolness as the heat mercifully abates, her mind is set free, to dream as the water dreams.
Raphael Zernoff|While there will always be someone who may dislike you, there are others who will like you for who you are.
William S. Wilson|In good truth he had started in London with some vague idea that as his life in it would not be of long continuance, the pace at which he elected to travel would be of little consequence; but the years since his first entry into the Metropolis were now piled one on top of another, his youth was behind him, his chances of longevity, spite of the way he had striven to injure his constitution, quite as good as ever. He had come to that period of existence, to that narrow strip of tableland, whence the ascent of youth and the descent of age are equally discernible - when, simply because he has lived for so many years, it strikes a man as possible he may have to live for just as many more, with the ability for hard work gone, with the boon companions scattered, with the capacity for enjoying convivial meetings a mere memory, with small means perhaps, with no bright hopes, with the pomp and the circumstance and the fairy carriages, and the glamour which youth flings over earthly objects, faded away like the pageant of yesterday, while the dreary ceremony of living has to be gone through today and tomorrow and the morrow after, as though the gay cavalcade and the martial music, and the glittering helmets and the prancing steeds were still accompanying the wayfarer to his journey's end. Ah! my friends, there comes a moment when we must all leave the coach with its four bright bays, its pleasant outside freight, its cheery company, its guard who blows the horn so merrily through villages and along lonely country roads. Long before we reach that final stage, where the black business claims us for its own speecial property, we have to bid goodbye to all easy, thoughtless journeying and betake ourselves, with what zest we may, to traversing the common of reality. There is no royal road across it that ever I heard of. From the king on his throne to the laborer who vaguely imagines what manner of being a king is, we have all to tramp across that desert at one period of our lives, at all events; and that period is usually when, as I have said, a man starts to find the hopes, and the strength, and the buoyancy of youth left behind, while years and years of life lie stretching out before him. The coach he has travelled by drops him here. There is no appeal, there is no help; therefore, let him take off his hat and wish the new passengers good speed without either envy or repining. Behld, he has had his turn, and let whosoever will, mount on the box-seat of life again, and tip the coachman and handle the ribbons - he shall take that journey no more, no more for ever. ("The Banshee's Warning")
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|There was nowhere to go, but I turned to go and met Atticus's vest front. I buried my head in it and listened to the small internal noises that went on behind the light blue cloth: his watch ticking, the faint crackle of his starched shirt, the soft sound of his breathing.'Your stomach's growling,' I said.'I know it,' he said.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The more a mind thinks upon something, the deeper it will take root and affect all subsequent and related thought.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We become the product of our recurrent thoughts. Writing is one method of explicating upon our thoughts, condensing multiple scenes, times, and ideas, and editing our fragmented beliefs.
Michael  Collins, Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journey|I am alone now, truly alone, and absolutely isolated from any known life. I am it. If a count were taken, the score would be three billion plus two over on the other side of the moon, and one plus God knows what on this side.
Dana Marton, Deathwish|The instant Isabella Cortez left the safety of the FBI building, goose bumps skittered across her skin and her senses went on high alert.
Gordon B. Hinckley, Standing for Something: 10 Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes|If we are worried about the future, then we must look today at the upbringing of children.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Live in the light, Child of God.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|There are some who said I should have fought harder or longer than I did for my marriage, but in the end fighting for love that was already gone felt like trying to live in the ruins of a lost city.
Ben Jonson|A writer must always be the no.1 fan of their book,
Christina Milian|I've never had a divorce, but I've seen so many of my friends, my sister, my family go through that stuff, so I try to write for the people that can't write about it. I take on their sorrow, so I'm able to kind of express it, or their joy.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|Our opponent is an alien starship packed with atomic bombs," I said. "We have a protractor.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|Their bodies continued to move together as one, making rhythmic love to each other slowly and thoroughly. And with each thrust, each deliberate movement, the air around them grew thicker, the bind connecting them grew stronger, and their blossoming love grew richer, reaching the depths of their very souls."-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|Knowledge is power is time is money. Meaning that if I shared knowledge, it would tantamount to sharing power or money.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|Grant not my prayers, when they are contrary to Thy will, which at all times must be the best. Oh, hear them not;
Deyth Banger|Have faith in the powers at work, Cressa, because when you do, you’ll believe. And when you believe, mountains become like feathers.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|It’s all society is, the repressed sex drives of men, the objectification of women, their paranoia, the posturing, the macho stances, the beauty standard, it’s all just one charade masking a never ending hard on.
James MacDonald|If we are to use the Bible effectively, then we must use it the way God wrote it – in narrative form. Our team rejects the notion that the Bible is simply an encyclopedia of disconnected Bible verses. God's Word is less like a cookbook and more like a novel.
Tim Sanders, Today We Are Rich: Harnessing The Power Of Total Confidence|There’s a lot of dirty theology out there, the religious counterpart to dirty politics and dirty business, I suppose. You might call it spiritual pornography—a kind of for-profit exploitative nakedness. It’s found in many of the same places as physical pornography (the Internet and cable TV for starters), and it promises similar things: instant intimacy, fantasy and make-believe, private voyeurism and vicarious experience, communion without commitment. That’s certainly not what we’re after in these pages. No, we’re after a lost treasure as old as the story of the Garden of Eden: the...
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|He would have liked to know that somebody wanted to keep him alive, that someone remembered him. He used to say that we exist as long as somebody remembers us.
Tanmaya Guru|How many innocent victims of hate crime does it take before it becomes wrong?For us, one is already too many. For them, a thousand is not enough.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|I used to be afraid about what people might say or think after reading what I had written. I am not afraid anymore, because when I write, I am not trying to prove anything to anyone, I am just expressing myself and my opinions. It’s ok if my opinions are different from those of the reader, each of us can have his own opinions. So writing is like talking, if you are afraid of writing, you may end up being afraid of talking
G&A Security|In the police’s defense, the Riot aren’t wearing their cuts, but I’m disappointed. The Riot watching the store are big names and we know them by face and road name in order to stay safe. I’d think the police would have done their homework, especially with Violet’s life on the line.
Duncan Harper, Witch of the Fall|Colm was a good sleeper. But if there was one sound at night that should wake him, and any sensible man who loved his family, it was the barking of dogs. The noise was coming from the village. It was not just one or two dogs, but surely every mangy cur and mongrel that lived there. Something was abroad, and in this time of the dying of the year, when fell creatures roamed the countryside as hunger began to bite, it was not likely to be anything good.
William  L. Shirer|We could see in our own country as late as the 1960's and 1970's how good Christian and Jewish men, the pillars of our society, when they acceded to political and military power, could sit calmly and cooly in their air-conditioned offices in Washington and cold-bloodedly, without a qualm or a moral quiver, plan and order the massacre of hundred of thousands of men, women and children and the destruction of their homes, farms, churches, schools and hospitals in a faraway Asian land of poor peasants who had never threatened us in the slightest, who were incapable of it. Almost as savage was the acceptance by most of us citizens of such barbarism, until, toward the end, our slumbering - or should one say, cowardly? - consciences were aroused.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Always the wild child, conceived in flames, born of fire. Drawn to the forbidden, witch, warlock, burning stones. Her blood is made of moonlight; part dark, part light. Her heart, it's a sword; fiercely loyal and will fight to the death for those whom she loves. You can throw her in the fire, she always returns as a flame: the fervor is her anchor, her safe-haven... her blood.
Tess Gerritsen|My dad's cooking was magic in the kitchen. But eventually over the years, his personality changed and his ability to remember recipes failed. He became paranoid and thought people were stealing from him, when often he was just misplacing things.
Sabrina Zbasnik|Why? Why did you kill them?”He laughed, recognizing it bore a frightening coldness. “Because you walked through the wrong door, and they paid you to do it. You will be a testament to the terror that arrives the moment you or anyone else crosses the invisible line you didn’t know existed until tonight. Spread the word.
Joanne Fluke, Peach Cobbler Murder|The secret of high finance...if you really need a loan, you won't qualify. And if you don't need a loan, all the lenders will line up to give you money.
Rita Dove|Bleak House is just the most astounding piece of work. There's huge, visionary poetry in it.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|To be your companion.""Companion?" He said the word as if he were spitting a bad taste from his mouth. "I am a killer. A monster! Can you not see that?
W. Ian Thomas|The mysterious, invisible authority of the divine child over human hearts is more solidly grounded then the visible and resplendent power of earthly rulers. Ultimately all authority on earth must serve only the authority of Jesus Christ over humankind.
Lyndsay Faye, Dust and Shadow: An Account of the Ripper Killings by Dr. John H. Watson|Cecelia, as with every look and gesture she let us know, was entirely at ease only in the company of her equals – a company that included, besides herself, only her sister. And of course Cecelia held some secret doubts about herself; you can’t dislike nearly everybody and be quite certain that you have exempted yourself.
Birdy|I travel to a lot of schools, and I see firsthand that while we do still have a lot of traditional readers, we don't have as many as we used to. And we're missing an awful lot of kids entirely... Do I want to get rid of the Internet? Obviously, I don't want that because of all the amazing things it brings.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as your mind has the contemplation ‘the tiger is a violent animal’, it will remain violent. And if your contemplation is, ‘the tiger is a pure soul’, then it will not remain violent. Everything is possible.
Hans-Ulrich Obrist|To come to England in the 1970s was to return to this strange other-world of half-known history. I found the imperial architecture curiously familiar: the post office, the town hall, the botanic gardens.
Margaret Atwood, The Heart Goes Last|But you'll see, you can feel time on the wind it whips up as it passes. We don't worry about time or the wind. Nothing can touch us any more. As long as people remember us, we are here. Anyway, it's the wind that tells us, lets us know about the thigs we've left behind.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|i believed that imagination is stronger than knowledge, sometimes that dreams are more powerful than fact,stronger dreams may seized peoples heart with full of amore/love
Meghan Markle|To be able to travel the world, especially to places I never thought I'd be... it's really, you know, still fascinating for me.
Debbie Macomber, The Snow Bride|You do this often?" she asked."Drink or hijack women?
Brooke Burke|I don't like going out on a date unless I know the broad a little bit beforehand. By the way, 'broad' to me is not a detrimental term for women; it's simply another word for female. Anyway, I don't really go out a whole lot, because there aren't many girls I like to take out and spend a whole evening with - at least not an evening in public.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Jane Jameson."He grinned. "Like the porn 
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Go oft to the house of thy friend, for weeds choke the unused path.
Anna Godbersen, Splendor|He turned his dark eyes on the girl whom he had dreamed of so often over the previous months. Beside him, at that very moment of existence, at the heart of torrential downpour, she was exquisitely real, and she, too, seemed content to go on sitting there forever.
Christopher Hitchens|You can walk around this culture now, as a proud supporter of the so called anti-war movement and it's made up of a lot of people I used to know … I'd like for them to be asked more often than they are, if your advice had been taken over the last 15 or so years; Slobodan Milosevic would still be the dictator of not just Serbia but also of a cleansed and ruined Bosnia and Kosovo. Saddam Hussein would still be the owner of Kuwait as well as Iraq, he would of nearly have doubled his holding of the worlds oil. The Taliban would still be in charge of Afghanistan. Don't you feel a little reproach to your so called high principle anti-war policy? Would that really have led to less violence, less cruelty?
George Herbert|Nothing kills a CEO's credibility faster than legal, regulatory, and/or ethical questions.
Patrick Rothfuss|Whether you call it Buddhism or another religion, self-discipline, that's important. Self-discipline with awareness of consequences.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|I've told you two things : First, you're much more insignificant than you ever imagined and second, the future is miserable. But you should be happy, because we may live in a universe without purpose but that means the purpose in our lives is the purpose we create. And we should consider ourselves fortunate to have evolved in this place in the middle of nowhere and evolved a consciousness so we can understand the universe from the earliest moments of the big bang to the far future. So instead of being depressed, you should enjoy your brief moment in the sun.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|Nothing in life was ever clearly drawn, obviously just, or totally emotionally satisfying, but the moment-to-moment stuff of reality featured infinitely more complication, sleaze, struggle, true beauty, unfairness, profundity, passion, and depth of consciousness than she, in her frantic struggle to be somebody other than her unspectacular self, had been previously aware of. page 302
Nancy J. Cavanaugh, Just Like Me|Sometimes people don't want to look back because they are afraid of facing the truth. But sometimes, facing the truth we're afraid of is what makes us who we're really supposed to be.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|The past had already been dealt with, to one end or another, it was certain, fixed, the horror of it was already over.For the living at least. They grieved, yes, but they were not trapped in the terror of the moment.Not so for my poor, elegant wraiths. They were like the old-fashioned zoetropes you find at the seaside: a tiny slice of a world in a box, brief yet somehow also eternal.
Deepak Chopra, The Return of Merlin|I was very afraid at the beginning, until Master told me that pain isn't the truth; it's what you have to get through in order to find the truth.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|It is by studium that I am interested in so many photographs, whether I receive them as political testimony or enjoy them as good historical scenes: for it is culturally (this connotation is present in studium) that I participate in the figures, the faces, the gestures, the settings, the actions.
Jamie L. Harding|Writers are not just writers, they are creators of worlds, sculptors of the mind, they are architects of language.
Charity Santiago, Return|I once knew a girl who was like a dying rainbow. Her colors were incomparable, her countenance a whirlwind of brilliance. As much as she shone, however, she faded into nothingness, at times so quickly that I was unsure whether she had existed at all.
Ray Bradbury, Quicker Than the Eye|Forgive, I hope you won't be upset, but when I was a boy I used to look up and see you behind your desk, so near but far away, and, how can I say this, I used to think that you were Mrs. God, and that the library was a whole world, and that no matter what part of the world or what people or thing I wanted to see and read, you'd find and give it to me.
Anne M. Mulcahy|Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond.
Robert Louis Stevenson, A Child's Garden of Verses|Over the years our mother has beaten us with belts, shoes, rulers, extension cords, hair brushes, a wooden spoon, a fly swatter, a toilet brush, wire coat hangers, wooden coat hangers and sometimes one of our own toys. When you get whacked by your own paddleball paddle or you have to watch your sister getting spanked with a badminton racquet that she asked Santa Claus (AKA Grandma) to bring, you don't feel much like playing with those things ever again.
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The Runaway King|Above all else, I think that you are a compulsive liar."My laughter was tense, but sincere. "Hardly. In fact, I consider myself a compulsive truth teller. It's only that everyone else seems compelled to misunderstand me.
Angela Duckworth, Grit|Follow your passion was not the message I heard growing up. Instead, I was told that the practical realities of surviving "in the real world" were far more important than any person living a "sheltered life" such as my own could imagine. I was warned that overly idealistic dreams of "finding something I loved" could in fact be a breadcrumb trail into poverty and disappointment.
Brie Larson|As a graduate student, I wrote a long paper connecting the dots between mathematical models of learning and language development in children. It was published in a major journal.
Jeff Shear, The Trinity Conspiracy: Part One - Betrayal at Black Mesa|Kemp: I demonstrated conclusively this morning that invisibility--I.M: Never mind what YOU'VE DEMONSTRATED!--I'm starving, said the voice, and the night is--chilly for a man without clothes.
Denis Johnson, Already Dead|He didn’t like having to start the fire again, that was the source of this small sadness. You get tired of these endless beginnings.
Machine Gun Kelly|All my life, I ain't understand shit about what was going on. A thing just happen, then something else happen, then something else, an so on, and half the time nothing making any sense. But Dan say it is all part of a scheme of some sort, and the best way we can get along is figure out how we fit into the scheme, and then try to stick to our place. Somehow knowing this, things get a good bit clearer for me.
Maria Faustina Kowalska|It is a beautiful offering to Me when you lay down your judgement and choose compassion. When you love others the way I love you, when you hold back the consequences they could have deserved, and when you treat them the way you’d like to be treated, the you shall receive mercy as well.
David Adams Richards, Mercy Among the Children|What should I get from books?” Alcide asked in French.That you are not alone — even along this broken tractor road. You need to know nothing else,” my father answered in French.
George Eliot|So many times, people told me I can't do this or can't do that. My nature is that I don't listen very well. I'm very determined, and I believe in myself. My parents brought me up that way. Thank God for that. I don't let anything stand in my way.
Tonya Hurley, Homecoming|You are your own worst enemy. If you can learn to stop expecting impossible perfection, in yourself and others, you may find the happiness that has always eluded you.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|It's hard to know what's right in this life,' she said. 'We do what we can, but what we really need is mercy. Do you know who taught me that?' A grin. 'You.
Nick|One, two, three, Im gon be crazy and free.
Melvin Helitzer|Life has no smooth road for any of us  and in the bracing atmosphere of a high aim the very roughness stimulates the climber to steadier steps till the legend  "over steep ways to the stars " fulfills itself.
Kelly Gallagher, Readicide: How Schools Are Killing Reading and What You Can Do About It|What do teachers and curriculum directors mean by 'value' reading? A look at the practice of most schools suggests that when a school 'values' reading what it really means is that the school intensely focuses on raising state-mandated reading test scores- the kind of reading our students will rarely, if ever, do in adulthood.
J. Daniels|With every breath i take, I take one for her.
Loretta Chase, Scandal Wears Satin|A kiss? A fucking kiss got me tortured to within the last inch of sanity? Maybe you could have laid out the rules for messing around with you? You know, before I did that?" (Arik to Limos)
John T. Chambers|Air travel is the safest form of travel aside from walking; even then, the chances of being hit by a public bus at 30,000 feet are remarkably slim. I also have no problem with confined spaces. Or heights. What I am afraid of is speed.
Gyula Krúdy, Sunflower|.. she believed a great happiness awaited her somewhere, and for this reason she remained calm as the days flew by.
Frank Herbert|If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself. A dependence on the people is, no doubt, the primary control on the government; but experience has taught mankind the necessity of auxiliary precautions.
M. H. Abrams|Even when poetry has a meaning, as it usually has, it may be inadvisable to draw it out... Perfect understanding will sometimes almost extinguish pleasure.
Dave Barry|There is at Christmas time a great deal of hypocrisy, honourable hypocrisy, hypocrisy undertaken pour le bon motif, c'est entendu, but nevertheless hypocrisy!
Sunday Adelaja|There is no place where those striving after consciousness could find absolutely safety. Doubt and insecurity are indispensable components of a complete life. Only those who can lose this life really can gain it. A complete life does not consist in a theoretical completeness, but in the fact that one accepts, without reservation, the particular fatal issue in which one finds oneself embedded, and that one tries to make sense of it or to create a cosmos from the chaotic mess into which one is born. If one lives properly and completely, time and again one will be confronted with a situation of which one will say, ‘This is too much. I cannot bear it any more.’ Then the question must be answered, ‘Can one really not bear it?
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Your best friends should bring out the best in you. If they don't, lose them; they are no friends.
Sylvain Neuvel, Sleeping Giants|Perhaps, deep down inside that rugged shell of yours, there is a little girl desperately waiting for her Prince Charming to propose.""Of course there is. Only until now, I'd been pretty successful at keeping that little brat's mouth shut.
Jeff Zentner, The Serpent King|Writing is something that you can learn only by doing. To become a writer, you need an imagination, which you clearly have. You need to read books, which you clearly do. And you need to write, which you don't yet do, but should.
Marlee Matlin|What is a television apparatus to man, who has only to shut his eyes to see the most inaccessible regions of the seen and the never seen, who has only to imagine in order to pierce through walls and cause all the planetary Baghdads of his dreams to rise from the dust.
Kamand Kojouri|I don’t mind losing in this game of love, if it means You will be the winner.
Dada Bhagwan|You will especially not find anyone who speaks bitterly to you. All the 'diseases' [worldly suffering] remains due to the sweetness. Bitterness will remove the disease, sweetness will increase it. Your life should be such that you will not have to listen to bitter words. If however, you have to listen to bitter words, then you should listen to it. It is always beneficial.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|... Hoping like hell she was wrong about Dominic, and he was just a secretive man with a strange skin disorder.
Adam P. Knave, Crazy Little Things|Once the frontiers of horror have been crossed, one will pass from form to form beyond the human and from metamorphosis to metamorphosis to accomplish, in the anguish of an impossible return, the most terrible journey to the depths of darkness.
Max Heindel|I was actually accepted into medical school in Italy. But then I wanted to come back and learn medicine in Germany. And while waiting, I decided to join a business school. I figured it would be useful for doctors to know some business as well!
Yayoi Kusama, Infinity Net: The Autobiography of Yayoi Kusama|All of my works are steps on my journey, a struggle for truth that I have waged with pen, canvas, and materials. Overhead is a distant, radiant star, and the more I stretch to reach it, the further it recedes. But by the power of my spirit and my single-hearted pursuit of the path, I have clawed my way through the labyrinthine confusion of the world of people in an unstinting effort to approach even one step closer to the realm of the soul.
Ann Rule, The Stranger Beside Me: Ted Bundy The Shocking Inside Story|But names no longer meant anything. On Lunamere, everyone became a number in the end.Deep in the belly of hell incarnate Valen became 377.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|The essential cultural discrimination is not between having and not having or haves and have-nots, but between the superfluous and the indispensable. Wisdom, it seems to me, is always poised upon the knowledge of minimums; it might be thought to be the art of minimums. Granting the frailty, and no doubt the impermanence, of modern technology as a human contrivance, the man who can keep a fire in a stove or on a hearth is not only more durable, but wiser, closer to the meaning of fire, than the man who can only work a thermostat.
Laura  Oliva, A World Apart|Sometimes, when you sleep with the enemy, waking up is the hardest part." ~ Muse
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|We can always find each other, we girls with secrets.
Thomas Hobbes|I dream, sometimes I think that's the only right thing to do.
Robert Zubrin|Mars is key to humanity's future in space. It is the closest planet that has all the resources needed to support life and technological civilization. Its complexity uniquely demands the skills of human explorers, who will pave the way for human settlers.
Jackie Kay, Trumpet|It's not the right word, Eva," he pressed on stubbornly, his lips at my ear. "That's why I haven't said it. It's not the right word for you and what I feel for you.""Shut up. If you care about me at all, you'll just shut up and go away.""I've been loved before--by Corinne, by other women...But what the hell do they know about me? What the hell are they in love with when they don't know how fucked up I am? If that's love, it's nothing compared to what I feel for you.
Wynne McLaughlin|Everything seems so small, so trivial, when you're on the right altitude.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You may perform poorly, but your "poorly" may not be as "badly" as others may say it is. Your "poorly" is "excellent" provided you make amendments on it!
Barbara W. Tuchman, Practicing History:  Selected Essays|The writer of history, I believe, has a number of duties vis-à-vis the reader, if he wants to keep him reading. The first is to distill. He must do the preliminary work for the reader, assemble the information, make sense of it, select the essential, discard the irrelevant- above all, discard the irrelevant - and put the rest together so that it forms a developing dramatic narrative. Narrative, it has been said , is the lifeblood of history. To offer a mass of undigested facts, of names not identified and places not located, is of no use to the reader and is simple laziness on the part of the author, or pedantry to show how much he has read.
Charmaine J. Forde|A modern woman sees a piece of linen, but the mediaeval woman saw through it to the flax fields, she smelt the reek of the retting ponds, she felt the hard rasp of the hackling, and she saw the soft sheen of the glossy flax. Man did not see 'just leather', he saw the beast - perhaps one of his own - and knew the effort of slaughtering, liming and curing.Communities were smaller and whether our man lived on the outskirts of some feudal system, had escaped from it, or was entirely isolated, he would work alone, or daily with the same fellow-workers - conversation would soon languish.But THINK he must.
Jan Zwicky, Thirty-Seven Small Songs & Thirteen Silences|Even the rain in its night singing, / the night rain in its forgetting, / is a kind of light.
Karen Armstrong|From the FA to UEFA and FIFA, there's a naivety, a lack of knowledge and understanding and packed with people who are out of touch.
John Darnielle|It's sad to be constantly judged for every move you make after your first success. If you wear your hair differently, you have changed.
Menie Muriel Dowie, Gallia|Sorrow like a ceaseless rainBeats upon my heart.People twist and scream in pain,—Dawn will find them still again;This has neither wax nor wane,Neither stop nor start.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, In the Long Run: Reflections from the Road|Conscious breathing anchors us into the nowness of life and gives us a fresh outlook, no different from how a baby observes reality without mental commentary. The baby enjoys watching the world and human activity without any limiting mental concepts spoiling his or her perception. Naturally, we all have to evolve from the helpless state of babyhood, but to be able to tap into that wonderful ability and truly BE in the moment is immensely liberating.
James Green Somerville|I was going to be an architect. I graduated with a degree in architecture and I had a scholarship to go back to Princeton and get my Masters in architecture. I'd done theatricals in college, but I'd done them because it was fun.
Christopher Isherwood, Lions and Shadows: An Education in the Twenties|There is no moral to my song,I praise no right, I blame no wrong;I tell of things that I have seen,I show the man that I have beenAs simply as a poet canWho knows himself poet and man.
Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing|No one can tell you what your life is goin to be, can they?No. It's never like what you expected.Quijada nodded. If people knew the story of their lives how many would then elect to live them?
Arthur C. Clarke, Rendezvous with Rama|Feeling extremely foolish, the acting representative of Homo sapiens watched his First Contact stride away across the Raman plain, totally indifferent to his presence.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Light is formless, but pierces the eyes.Wisdom is formless, but pierces the mind.Faith is formless, but pierces the heart.Love is formless, but pierces the soul.
Nescio, Amsterdam Stories|One time, on a pleasure cruise, he saw a young couple, fiancés, sitting and looking at the water--the boy had his right arm around the girl's shoulder and held her right wrist tight and she had put her left hand on his right hand, and they sat like that, pressed close together. The little poet looked at them, it's so lovely to see a nice young couple like that. That these children are excited because they want more, that they are only getting each other worked up for what they can't do and don't dare to do, that they never know where to stop--no one ever notices that or thinks about that. It was very lovely, and maybe the truth was that they had just recently gotten engaged and were still satisfied with being madly in love with each other.
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|...I'm a modern mountebank - I believe in Physiognomy - after all, we are in control of our face - it's the map of where we've been...
Steven Pressfield, Gates of Fire: An Epic Novel of the Battle of Thermopylae|Here is what you do, friends. Forget country. Forget king. Forget wife and children and freedom. Forget every concept, however noble, that you imagine you fight for here today. Act for this alone: for the man who stands at your shoulder. He is everything, and everything is contained within him. That is all I know. That is all I can tell you.--Dienekes at Thermopylae
Jonas Eriksson|Believe in human beings - not all are good, but deep down all can be. But that doesn't mean you need to hang around crappy people and try to turn them around.
Zig Ziglar|First thing I do in the morning, after I have my breakfast and do my spiritual work, is put on my makeup and fix my hair, and I can do my makeup in 15 minutes.
Thomas Jefferson|General benevolence, but not general friendship, made a man what he ought to be.
Pittacus Lore, The Revenge of Seven|In its purest form, a union becomes part of our very essence. And when that bond is broken, our essence is forever changed.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Every industrious man, in every lawful calling, is a useful man. And one principal reason why men are so often useless is that they neglect their own profession or calling, and divide and shift their attention among a multiplicity of objects and pursuits.
Karla M. Nashar, Bellamore: A Beautiful Love To Remember|Another summer day has come and gone away in Paris and Rome, but I wanna go home..." Home-Alan Chang; Amy Foster-Gillies; Michael Buble
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|Then he dreamed that he was in the open door of a plane several thousand feet above the earth and he had to jump holding a baby in his arms. It was his baby. He jumped, pulled the rip cord on the parachute, and it didn’t open. The emergency release didn’t work. He was falling fast. The wind tore at him fiercely. He was gripping the baby as tightly as he could but the wind pried under his arms, strained at his muscles, and suddenly the baby was loose, falling beside him, just out of reach. He flailed and groped in the air, trying to reach it. The baby was falling just a little bit faster than he was. It was below him, falling away from him as he fell after it. The earth screamed up at him. He knew that the baby was going to hit first and he would see it, would know it for a whole fraction of a second before he was smashed into a pulp himself. The terrible millisecond of that grief burst in him and he woke shrieking. He couldn’t get the dream out of his head. He prayed that he would have the dream again but that this time he would fall faster and be allowed to die first.
A.J. Compton, This Old Heart of Mine|I'm terrified that if I let myself go there again, if I explore these out-of-control emotions, that there will be no turning back. It's like looking into a giant abyss. There's no end in sight. There's no bottom to the well, and if I allow myself to fall in...""He'll catch you," Jordan whispered. "But you have to trust him, and you have to trust in yourself. That's love, my friend - leaping into the mighty unknown because your heart overtakes your mind. That's what life is all about, but we can't and don't do it alone. Give Ronan a chance, Maddy.
Toni Sorenson|If you want to feel the truest spirit of Christmas, go out and find someone sadder than you, lonelier than you, poorer than you … and give what you can in a smile, in time, in compassion. The best Christmases always require the gift of self.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|Success doesn't just happen. It is a product of hard work, grit and ingenuity.
Mada Eliza Dalian|To live in joy and fully manifest our true potential, we must let go of our desires and attachment to the past and the future and be excited about living in the unknown.
Plato|I don't think human beings learn anything without desperation. Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything or creating anything. Period. If you ain't desperate at some point, you ain't interesting.
Kalu Ndukwe Kalu|The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Wake up early, do your best, practice self-care, and finish strong.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Peeta opens his mouth for the first bite without hesitation. He swallows, then frowns slightly. "They're very sweet.""Yes they're sugar berries. My mother makes jam from them. Haven't you've ever had them before?" I say, poking the next spoonful in his mouth."No," he says, almost puzzled. "But they taste familiar. Sugar berries?""Well, you can't get them in the market much, they only grow wild," I say. Another mouthful goes down. Just one more to go."They're sweet as syrup," he says, taking the last spoonful. "Syrup." His eyes widen as he realizes the truth. I clamp my hand over his mouth and nose hard, forcing him to swallow instead of spit. He tries to make himself vomit the stuff up, but it's too late, he's already losing consciousness. Even as he fades away, I can see in his eyes what I've done is unforgiveable.I sit back on my heels and look at him with a mixture of sadness and satisfaction. A stray berry stains his chin and I wipe it away. "Who can't lie, Peeta?" I say, even though he can't hear me.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|If loneliness was a choice, what was the other option? To settle for second-best and try to be happy with that? And was that fair to the person you settled for?
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|The longer they stayed on, and the better they knew each other, the better she at least could see their mistake, and the more misguided their lives became—like a long proof in mathematics in which the first calculation is wrong, following which all other calculations move you further away from how things were when they made sense.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Storytelling has been around since men and women were first created. Stories give meaning to life and provide people with history, information, and entertainment.
Charlotte Eriksson|Yesterday it was sun outside. The sky was blue and people were lying under blooming cherry trees in the park. It was Friday, so records were released, that people have been working on for years. Friends around me find success and level up, do fancy photo shoots and get featured on big, white, movie screens. There were parties and lovers, hand in hand, laughing perfectly loud,but I walked numbly through the park, round and round, 40 times for 4 hoursjust wanting to make it through the day.There's a weight that inhabits my chest some times. Like a lock in my throat, making it hard to breathe. A little less air got throughand the sky was so blue I couldn’t look at it because it made me sad, swelling tears in my eyes and they dripped quietly on the floor as I got on with my day. I tried to keep my focus, ticked off the to-do list, did my chores. Packed orders, wrote emails, paid bills and rewrote stories,but the panic kept growing, exploding in my chest. Tears falling on the desktick tick tickme not making a soundand some days I just don't know what to do. Where to go or who to see and I try to be gentle, soft and kind,but anxiety eats you up and I just want to be fine.This is not beautiful. This is not useful. You can not do anything with it and it tries to control you, throw you off your balance and lovely waysbut you can not let it.I cleaned up. Took myself for a walk. Tried to keep my eyes on the sky. Stayed away from the alcohol, stayed away from the destructive tools we learn to use. the smoking and the starving, the running, the madness,thinking it will help but it only feeds the fireand I don't want to hurt myself anymore.I made it through and today I woke up, lighter and proud because I'm still here. There are flowers growing outside my window. The coffee is warm, the air is pure. In a few hours I'll be on a train on my way to sing for people who invited me to come, to sing, for them. My own songs, that I created. Me—little me. From nowhere at all. And I have people around that I like and can laugh with, and it's spring again. It will always be spring again.And there will always be a new day.
Asoka Nimal Jinadasa|Success has six holistic dimensions symbolized by: Heart, Mind, Body, Passion, Focus and Health.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|A metallic money, the augmentation or diminution of the quantity of metal available for which is independent of deliberate human intervention, is becoming the modern monetary ideal. The significance of adherence to a metallic-money system lies in the freedom of the value of money from State influence that such a system guarantees.
David E Hoffman|And I said, 'Do I have leprosy?' And they said, 'You are a dangerous element.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|People form close friendships by knowing private things about each other, and the reason most people don't make close friends is because they're too embarrassed to share anything really important about themselves.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|I love man as my fellow; but his scepter, real, or usurped, extends not to me, unless the reason of an individual demands my homage; and even then the submission is to reason, and not to man.
Adam Fletcher, Meaningful Student Involvement Guide to Students as Partners|It is not enough to simply listen to student voice. Educators have an ethical imperative to do something with students, and that is why meaningful student involvement is vital to school improvement.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, Fall on Your Knees|She's no lady. Her songs are all unbelievably unhappy or lewd. It's called Blues. She sings about sore feet, sexual relations, baked goods, killing your lover, being broke, men called Daddy, women who dress like men, working, praying for rain. Jail and trains. Whiskey and morphine. She tells stories between verses and everyone in the place shouts out how true it all is.
Bill Gates|There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Three great actions; explore, experiment and experience.
Colum McCann, Zoli|I love you Tory. I know I say it a lot, but...""I know baby. I feel the same way about you. Those words never convey what goes through my mind and heart every time I look up and see you sitting in my house. Funny thign is, I always thought my house was full and that there was nothing missing in my life. I had a job I loved. Family who loved me. Good friends to keep me sane. Everything a human could want. And t hen I met an infuriating, impossible man who added the one thing I didn't know wasn't there.""Dirty socks on the floor?"She laughed. "No, the other part of my heart. The last face I see before I go to sleep and the first one I see when I get up. I'm so glad it was you." Those words both thrilled and scared him. Mostly because he knew firsthand that if love went untended it turned into profound hatred. --Tory and Acheron
Chari Twitty-Hawkins|If it isn't one blessing, it's another!
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I have now been married ten years. I know what it is to live entirely for and with what I love best on earth. I hold myself supremely blest - blest beyond what language can express; because I am my husband's life as fully as he is mine. No woman was ever nearer to her mate than I am: ever more absolutely bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. I know no weariness of my Edward's society: he knows none of mine, any more than we each do the pulsation of the heart that beats in our separate bosoms; consequently, we are ever together. To be together is for us to be at once free as in solitude, as gay as in company. We talk, I believe, all day long: to talk to each other is but more animated and an audible thinking. All my confidence is bestowed on him, all his confidence is devoted to me; we are precisely suited in character - perfect concord is the result.
Tammy Wooster|Don't judge my past base on my present action, remember past and present are of two different timeline
Stephen King|The first principle of value that we need to rediscover is this: that all reality hinges on moral foundations. In other words, that this is a moral universe, and that there are moral laws of the universe just as abiding as the physical laws. (from "Rediscovering Lost Values")
Eugene O'Neill, The Iceman Cometh|We all got pushed into doing some bad stuff. And some people would blame all of that stuff on their circumstances. Maybe most people do. They come from shit and then do some shit. But you and I know better than that. It's not right. The stuff that's done to us is one thing. But the stuff we do because of it is a different story. There are very few things that are really beyond a person's control in life."-Caesar
Paul Ryan|When I exercise, I like to take lots of different classes because I want to really apply myself and feel like I'm learning a new skill. Not that I ever want to have to demonstrate any of those skills!
Thomas Robert Malthus, An Essay on the Principle of Population|The real perfectibility of man may be illustrated, as I havementioned before, by the perfectibility of a plant. The object of theenterprising florist is, as I conceive, to unite size, symmetry, and beautyof colour. It would surely be presumptuous in the most successfulimprover to affirm, that he possessed a carnation in which thesequalities existed in the greatest possible state of perfection. Howeverbeautiful his flower may be, other care, other soil, or other suns, mightproduce one still more beautiful.
Roger Ailes|Wealth, religion, military victory have more rhetorical than efficacious worth.
Leo Tolstoy, The Forged Coupon|Proshka was a man of self-esteem. He considered himself a cut above the rest, and had a degree of personal pride. His spell in prison was a humiliating experience for him. No longer could he strut with pride before his fellows, and his spirits sank at once.Proshka went home from prison embittered not so much against Pyotr Nikolayevich as against the whole world.Everyone said the same thing: after he came out of prison, Proshka went to pieces. He grew too lazy to work, took to drink, and was soon caught stealing clothes from the trademan's wife. Once again he ended up in prison.
James Ragan, Too Long a Solitude|And sometimes, and only in spring,a dove from the river's soft vale of lilieswill fly as close to you as trust,and a calm in the great reds of autumnwill, as often as you need, lie downbeside you, raising a brow you've knownabove the eyes of the only womanyou will ever have a need to dream or touch.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|The really important kind of freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every day.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|You may know how to do it, but you have to choose to do it.
Michael Caine’s character ‘Alfred’ in the Batman movie, “The Dark Knight’|We do not guess outcomes nor consider if consequences are right, wrong or ethical. We execute our orders. We do not question them. We are soldiers and we are at war against all terrorists…foreign and domestic. ~Seasoned Loyal Solider – United States Armed Forces~
Louise Erdrich, The Master Butchers Singing Club|When you are born--what you are born into, the place, the history of the place, how that history mates with your own-- stamps who you are, whatever the pundits of globalisation have to say.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|I didn't just wake up one morning and think, "I'm a boy!" It sort of crept up on me and tapped me on the shoulder a few times before I started to pay attention I began to think that the word "girl" didn't quite fit me. It was like a shoe that was too small -- it pinched me.
Lauren Groff|We need a mass of ancestors at our backs like a balast. Sometimes, we feel it's impossible to push into the future without such a weight behind us, without such heaviness to keep us steady, even if it is imaginary. And the more frightening the future is, the more complicated it seems to be, the more we steady ourselves with the past.
John M Sheehan|When you embrace the things you do not understand, you understand what is embraced
John Geddes|Be patient, darling, and try to trust both your heavenly and your earthly father. You know that no trial can come to you without your heavenly Father's will, and that He means this for your good. Look to Him and he will help you to bear it, and send relief in His own good time and way.
Sarah Bartlett, Mythical Lovers, Divine Desires: The World's Great Love Legends|We have been cut off from our souls in the West, and because romantic love has become our religion, we think we can find fulfillment through this extraordinary and powerful force that draws us into an illusion of permanence. Passion makes us feel alive, makes us sing, makes us feel in touch with something powerful and wonderful, just as it would if we followed this meaning in life in a more spiritual practice. In the West it is often through such relationships, through another human being, that we search desperately for something, not knowing it is to be found within ourselves.
Stefan Emunds|A vibrant body, a radiant mind, a loving heart, and an honorable life.
Ron Paul|When the federal government spends more each year than it collects in tax revenues, it has three choices: It can raise taxes, print money, or borrow money. While these actions may benefit politicians, all three options are bad for average Americans.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Unlocking the power of your subconscious mind is a simple process, requiring only your willingness and effort.
Simon Mainwaring|We now see numerous examples of brands working together to address issues such as environmental degradations, climate control, pollution, poverty and disease.
Jack Kingston|In the US, you even lose legal rights if you store your data in a company's machines instead of your own. The police need to present you with a search warrant to get your data from you; but if they are stored in a company's server, the police can get it without showing you anything.
Stephanie Hudson, The Triple Goddess|Such strength behind these eyes, that your soul glows through. Blinding. Captivating. Torturing. You may be as stubborn as a mule on a cliff side but any man would find the true meaning of foolishness to ever forget these facts.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Alas, where in the world have there been greater follies than with the compassionate?And what in the world has caused more suffering than the follies of the compassionate?Woe to all lovers who cannot surmount pity!Thus spoke the Devil to me once: Even God has his Hell: it is his love for man.And I lately heard him say these words: God is dead; God has died of his pity for man.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|But sleep didn't come. She could hear Jace's soft piano playing through the walls, but that wasn't what was keeping her awake. She was thinking of Simon, leaving for a house that no longer felt like home to him, of the despair in Jace's voice as he said 'I want to hate you', and of Magnus, not telling Jace the truth: that Alec did not want Jace to know about his relationship because he was still in love with him. She thought of the satisfaction it would have brought Magnus to say the words out loud, to acknowledge what the truth was, and the fact that he hadn't said them - had let Alec go on lying and pretending - because that was what Alec wanted, and Magnus cared about Alec enough to give him that. Maybe it was true what the Seelie Queen had said, after all: Love made you a liar.
John Burnside|My poems tend to be more celebratory and lyrical, and the novels so far pretty dark. Poetry doesn't seem to me to be an appropriate tool for exploring that.
Robertson Davies|They were untouched by modern education, but their government was striving with might and main to procure this inestimable benefit for them; anticlericalism and American bustle would soon free them from belief in miracles and holy likenesses.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|I loved the flowers that die, I loved the charm of the sky.
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Dragon|When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Strategic Spiritual Warfare|I like strong people. The ones who have gone through immense pain and hardened like a clay pot. They feel pain, but they smile. They faced problems and emerged victorious. Maybe, they lack materialistic things, but they are the ones with 'peace of mind' - one thing I long, everyone longs.I like strong people. The ones who have peace of mind. The ones who know not having things is ok.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|One of the fundamental causes of the disintegration of society is copying, which is the worship of authority.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|There may be hostility and ambivalence, there may even be no responses and those are the worst because it means people do not care. Yet all of these are part of the parcel of land that we call human experience and spirituality. The deep lows and pinnacled heights as well as the wonderful things in what one priest called the lowlands of mundania. This book is not for you if you are looking for hatred on atheists, religionists or just looking for reasons to justify yourself.
Henry Ford|The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
Keith Haring, Keith Haring Journals|There is one question George is asked about life and art and which is more important, and George said art is more important because it is immortal. This struck a very deep note inside me. For I am quite aware of the chance that I have or will have AIDS.	The odds are very great and, in fact, the symptoms already exist. My friends are dropping like flies and I know in my heart that it is only divine intervention that has kept me alive this long. I don’t know if I have five months or five years, but I know my days are numbered.		This is why my activities and projects are so important now. To do as much as possible as quickly as possible. I’m sure that what will live on after I die is important enough to make sacrifices of my personal luxury and leisure time. Work is all I have and art is more important than life.
Shane L. Koyczan|It’s not magic. I remember because I make comparisons. Not in terms of better or worse, just different. And not all of these memories are great, but they’re mine.Which lends way to believe, that none of our lives are put together on an assembly line. We’re not pre-packaged with memories or programmed with stories. We have to make our own.
Lee Child, First Thrills: High-Octane Stories from the Hottest Thriller Authors|The moment you stop smoking, everything that goes wrong in your life is blamed on the fact that you’ve stopped smoking. Now when you have a mental block, instead of just getting on with it you start to say, ‘If only I could light up now, it would solve my problem.’ You then start to question your decision to quit smoking.
علي الماجد|His intense blue gaze held hers, willing her to believe. She pulled in a shaky breath. Each second, he’d said. This second, then another, then another, until she believed all the time. She closed her eyes. She wanted to trust in him, in them. Why did it have to be so darn hard?Using his hold on her wrist, he drew her closer, leaned down to rest his cheek against hers. “I’m yours,” he murmured near her ear. “You have me. Believe that, baby.”She nodded and slipped her arms about his neck, holding on hard. “I’m trying.”“I know.” He rested a hand against her spine, dropped a kiss on the curve of her shoulder. “One second at a time, Angel. We have all the time you need.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|I assert most unhesitatingly, that the religion of the south is a mere covering for the most horrid crimes, - a justifier of the most appalling barbarity, - a sanctifier of the most hateful frauds, - and a dark shelter under, which the darkest, foulest, grossest, and most infernal deeds of the slaveholders find the strongest protection. Were I to be again reduced to the chains of slavery, next to enslavement, I should regard being the slave of a religious master the greatest calamity that could befall me. For of all slaveholders with whom I have ever met, religious slaveholders are the worst. I have ever found them the meanest and basest, the most cruel and cowardly, of all others.
Lisa Factora-Borchers, Dear Sister: Letters From Survivors of Sexual Violence|...if it was scandalous for girls in the 1960s to wear pants to school, what else will we look back on & shake our heads at? What else can't we see in the future? And at that, what else can we dream up?
Stephen Richards|To get something different, you must do something different.
C. JoyBell C.|Living is about capturing the essence of things. I go through my life every day with a vial, a vial wherein can be found precious essential oils of every kind! The priceless, fragrant oils that are the essence of my experiences, my thoughts. I walk inside a different realm from everybody else, in that I am existing in the essence of things; every time there is reason to smile, I hold out my glass vial and capture that drop of oil, that essence, and then I smile. And that is why I have smiled, and so you and I may be smiling at the same time but I am smiling because of that one drop of cherished, treasured oil that I have extracted. When I write, I find no need to memorize an idea, a plot, a sequence of things: no. I must only capture the essence of a feeling or a thought and once I have inhaled that aroma, I know that I have what I need.
Mary Schmich|Ladies and gentlemen of the class of '97:Wear sunscreen.If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it. The long-term benefits of sunscreen have been proved by scientists, whereas the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience. I will dispense this advice now.Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth. Oh, never mind. You will not understand the power and beauty of your youth until they've faded. But trust me, in 20 years, you'll look back at photos of yourself and recall in a way you can't grasp now how much possibility lay before you and how fabulous you really looked. You are not as fat as you imagine.Don't worry about the future. Or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubble gum. The real troubles in your life are apt to be things that never crossed your worried mind, the kind that blindside you at 4 p.m. on some idle Tuesday.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|I don't know what laws of physics are involved, but if you fill a gym with teenagersand tell them to stare at one object, heat is actually produced. I half expected tospontaneously combust.Katrina
Henry Rollins|To the former child migrants, who came to Australia from a home far away, led to believe this land would be a new beginning, when only to find it was not a beginning, but an end, an end of innocence - we apologise and we are sorry. To the mothers who lost the maternal right to love and care for their child - we apologise, and we are sorry.
Fakeer Ishavardas|The 'Good News' is, the messiah cometh. The bad news is, he never does.
Camile Souza|Love does whatever it does, whenever it wants to do it.
Emily Dickinson|Love is like the wild rose-briar;Friendship like the holly-tree.The holly is dark when the rose-briar blooms,But which will bloom most constantly?The wild rose-briar is sweet in spring,Its summer blossoms scent the air;Yet wait till winter comes again,And who will call the wild-briar fair?Then, scorn the silly rose-wreath now,And deck thee with holly's sheen,That, when December blights thy brow,He still may leave thy garland green.
Suzanne Woods Fisher, The Keeper|The cure for a broken heart is simple, my lady. A hot bath and a good night's sleep.
Richard C. Carrier, Sense and Goodness Without God: A Defense of Metaphysical Naturalism|Colonization of the world, more often than not by robbery and warfare, spread Christianity into the Americas and other corners of the earth, just as Islam was spread throughout Asia and Africa. lt is not a coincidence that the two most widespread religions in the world today are the most warlike and intolerant religions in history. Before the rise of Christianity, religious tolerance, including a large degree of religious freedom, was not only custom but in many ways law under the Roman and Persian empires. They conquered for greed and power, rarely for any declared religious reasons, and actually sought to integrate foreign religions into their civilization, rather than seeking to destroy them. People were generally not killed because they practiced a different religion. Indeed, the Christians were persecuted for denying that the popular gods existed — not for following a different religion. In other words, Christians were persecuted for being intolerant.
Albert Camus|Ignorance, as they say, is usually fatal, but sometimes it can be bliss.
Peter Rees|If you are lucky, home is not only a place that you leave, but also a place where you someday arrive.
Stephen Hawking|t is generally recognized that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multitasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics. It is not politically correct to say such things....But it cannot be denied that there are differences between men and women. Of course, these are differences between the averages only. There are wide variations about the mean.
Pedro Calderón de la Barca|one may know how to gain victory, and know not how to use it
Kiersten White, Mind Games|I should curl up in a ball and cry. Instead i think about everything in the whole entire world that makes me angry - There is a lot, oh, there is a lot - and I start singing Justin Bieber at the top of my lungs.
Kiran  Joshi, Beyond forever...in love|She is such a blade—-beautiful, powerful, and deadly to her enemies-—as well as her bond-mate due to her fatal flaw. The questions are—How deep is her flaw and can it be healed? After all, a mortal is not a mearcair blade to be discarded if forged improperly. (Kagan Donmall regarding Tessa Montgomery)
David Nicholls, Us|Our biographies involve each other so intrinsically now that we're both on nearly every page. We know the answers because we were there, and so curiosity becomes hard to maintain; replaced, I suppose, by nostalgia.
Ian Fleming, Casino Royale|People are islands,' she said. 'They don't really touch. However close they are, they're really quite separate. Even if they've been married for fifty years.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Look to your heart and soul first, rather than looking to your head first, when choosing. Rather than what you think, consider instead how you feel. Look to the nature of things. Feel your choices and decisions. It just might change everything.
Bruce Pittman|There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening, that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Circle of Betrayal|Elise, you're taking this too seriously. We're men. If we have a problem, we punch one another. It's just how we handle things.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Sometimes it hurts to look at you,” I said. I loved that I could say that and he knew exactly what I meant.
Sunday Adelaja|The reason why a person does not have success can be found inside him. It is his worldview, conscience, and perception of life
Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future|When you travel, appreciate the culture of the people in the land.
|Living miserably isn't what your destiny is made of. Therefore, always give yourself enough reasons why your life is nothing but a blissful journey.
Paracelsus, Paracelsus: Selected Writings|Medicine rests upon four pillars—philosophy, astronomy, alchemy, and ethics. The first pillar is the philosophical knowledge of earth and water; the second, astronomy, supplies its full understanding of that which is of fiery and airy nature; the third is an adequate explanation of the properties of all the four elements—that is to say, of the whole cosmos—and an introduction into the art of their transformations; and finally, the fourth shows the physician those virtues which must stay with him up until his death, and it should support and complete the three other pillars.
Courtney Cole, If You Leave|It’s always been you and me, Red. Even before we were us. You’ve always had the control in this relationship. Some things may distract us, but I’ll always come back to you
Kameron Hurley, Rapture|Light doesn’t always keep the dark things away,” Nyx said.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|Feel free to check out the hotel and talk to the staff," he said slipping out of bed. "And I'm happy to give you an up-close look at what we're doing." When she didn't answer, he glanced over his shoulder. Then cleared his throat.Her attention jumped from his ass to his face. "Sorry, what did you say/""I said---"She sat up, letting the sheet fall to her waist. And damn if she wasn't the most gorgeous thing with her creamy skin, pert breasts, and mussed hair.He moaned like a guy totally whipped and stalked back to the bed where he climbed on top of her."Connor." She giggled and wiggled beneath him. Her arms went around his neck. "What are you doing?""Forgetting the time." He kissed her and didn't leave until they'd both had their fill.
Jules Cassard, Dirt Nap Rhapsody|Did somebody die?”“Yes,” I replied.“Who?” he asked, starting to freak out. I pulled out my notepad and asked him if he knew a Marcie Tucker. “Marcie? Hm, Marcie, it doesn't ring a bell but… Oh yeah, the temp who's filling in while my regular assistant is out, I think her name is Marcie. In fact, she was supposed to be here today. I was actually starting to worry that… Wait. Is she…”“Unfortunately yes,” I said, “Marcie was found in her apartment late last night uh… no longer alive.” My bedside manner has never been my strong suit.Dr. Taggart looked distressed and began to ramble incoherently for a minute. I let him work through it though, I figured it was his way of grieving. I wouldn't have even paid attention to it except for the fact that it was kind of goofily, ineptly… well, poignant:"Oh, uh, Oh my God. That's terrible. I uh… I hope she didn't have any family. I mean, I don't hope she didn't have any family, what I mean is, if she uh… if she didn't have any family then there would be nobody to get all bummed out about this and uh… you know, when something like this happens, you always think about the poor, heartbroken family, so uh… if she doesn't have any family then uh… the bright side would be that nobody would, you know, have to be all bummed out."Hm. I guess I never thought of it that way. Awkward wording aside, he's kind of got a point there.
Rachel McAdams|As with the onset of sudden celebrity, for the newly rich, the world often becomes a darker, narrower, less generous place; a paradox that elicits scant sympathy, but is nonetheless true.
Hakeem Olajuwon|Of all the characteristics needed for both a happy and morally decent life, none surpasses gratitude. Grateful people are happier, and grateful people are more morally decent.
Frans de Waal|The truth is, I never travel without cash. I always take a few tens with me in case of an emergency. There's never been an emergency, and in time, I realized that Americans don't want to touch customers' dirty bills. They also don't want to touch your credit card: you have to put it through the machine yourself, with your own fingers.
Nikki Rowe|You leave home, I have learned, counting the trip day by day. If you ever get to return, you count the trip miracle by miracle.
Charles R. Cross, Heavier Than Heaven: A Biography of Kurt Cobain|Though Kurt would later claim that his graffiti messages were political, in fact, most of what he wrote was nonsensical. He enraged a neighbor with a boat by painting “Boat Ack” in red letters on the ship’s hull; on the other side he lettered, “Boat people go home.
Ernest F. Kevan, Grace of Law: A Study in Puritan Theology|The deepness and consistency of your repenting will have a direct impact on the liveliness of your faith and the brightness of your confidence. This is not because you repent so well, but because in repenting you know the darkness and trouble of your own sin, and the great work of grace in Jesus that overcomes it all.
Robert Patrick Lewis, Love Me When I'm Gone: The true story of life, love and loss for a Green Beret in post-9/11 war|It is something that cannot be explained or even understood until you’ve lived it; a man can’t know or fully appreciate his life until he’s been close enough to taste the end of it, and the bonds forged in battle are some of the strongest a man could ever have. We are brothers, the men of ODA 022, and though we didn’t have the same blood running through our veins, we had all shed the blood of others together, and knew that none of us would hesitate to step in the way of fate and take a round or jump on a grenade to save one another.
Jennifer Gooch Hummer, Girl Unmoored|Love doesn't always mean rings and veils and walks down the aisle.Sometimes love means broken windows and broken hearts,and not being able to fix either. And sometimes love means telling you, there's no such thing as time in Heaven so don't rush to meet me. Stay a while, and pick, girl, the roses.
Primo Levi, Survival in Auschwitz|The conviction that life has a purpose is rooted in every fibre of man, it is a property of the human substance. Free men give many names to this purpose, and think and talk a lot about its nature. But for us the question is simpler. Today, in this place, our only purpose is to reach the spring. At the moment we care about nothing else. Behind this aim there is not at the moment any other aim. In the morning while we wait endlessly lined up in roll-call square for the time to leave for work, while every breath of wind penetrates our clothes and runs in violent shivers over our defenceless bodies, and everything is grey around us, and we are grey; in the morning, when it is still dark, we all look at the sky in the east to spot the first signs of a milder season, and the rising of the sun is commented on every day: today a little earlier than yesterday, today a little warmer than yesterday, in two months, in a month, the cold will call a truce and we will have one enemy less. Today the sun rose bright and clear for the first time from the horizon of mud. It is a Polish sun, cold, white, distant, and only warms the skin, but when it dissolved the last mists a murmur ran through our colourless numbers, and when even I felt its lukewarmth through my clothes I understood how men can worship the sun.
Stephen R. Covey|I know there is strength in the differences between us. I know there is comfort, where we overlap.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|Moving beyond past wounds and hurts and building a culture of respect, dignity, and flowering love
E.M. Forster, The Longest Journey|Male or female, what did it matter, really, when the body yearned?
Bruce Cameron|The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|Is Jase already gonna marry you?” I start coughing again. “Uh, No. No, George. I’m only seventeen.” As if that’s the only reason we’re not engaged. “I’m this many.” George holds up four, slightly grubby fingers. “But Jase is seventeen and a half. You could. Then you could live in here with him. And have a big family.” Jase strides back into the room, of course, midway through this proposition. “George. Beat it. Discovery Channel is on.” George backs out of the room but not before saying, “His bed’s really comfortable. And he never pees in it.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Anyone who wants to join the GLEE CLUB, gets to join.
Anne Rice, Vittorio, The Vampire|We all suffer under a curse, the curse that we know more than we can endure, and there is nothing, absolutely nothing we can do about the force and the lure of this knowledge.
Miranda Liasson, Heart and Sole|Whatever you say, sweetheart.” He sent her a wink, a devilish one, the same one he no doubt used to sear the panties off his dates.
Scarlett Avery|I selected you because you’re very beautiful and you have an incredibly curvaceous body. I was turned on by you the second I saw your photo. – Bryce Van Der Linden | Unbearable Passion (Book 1), Never Say Never
Veronica Roth|Everyone has bad days...'my Dear MIDDLE FINGER, Thanks for sticking up for me!
Uma Shanker|God calls a man, ‘man’ only if he identifies himself with God’s values ad stands for truth and justice
Eminem|I try to apply colors like words that shape poems, like notes that shape music.
Doug Jones|If you look at the history of communication, new technologies like the phone and e-mail didn't just let people do things faster; it fundamentally changed the scope of the kinds of projects people dared to take on.
Peter Singer, Writings on an Ethical Life|To say that life is meaningless is to express an attitude, not to state a fact
Nicolás Gómez Dávila|In the intelligent man faith is the only remedy for anguish.The fool is cured by “reason,” “progress,” alcohol, work.
Amélie Nothomb, Stupeur et tremblements|Many of these new readers were not yet college-educated, but in terms of their seriousness about the world, their own literacy, and above all their ambitions for their children, they might as well have been.
Roger Zelazny, The Guns of Avalon|It was almost a mystical experience. I do not know how else to put it. My mind outran time as he neared, and it was as though I had an eternity to ponder the approach of this man who was my brother. His garments were filthy, his face blackened, the stump of his right arm raised, gesturing anywhere. The great beast that he rode was striped, black and red, with a wild red mane and tail. But it really was a horse, and its eyes rolled and there was foam at its mouth and its breathing was painful to hear. I saw then that he wore his blade slung across his back, for its haft protruded high above his right shoulder. Still slowing, eyes fixed upon me, he departed the road, bearing slightly toward my left, jerked the reins once and released them, keeping control of the horse with his knees. His left hand went up in a salute-like movement that passed above his head and seized the hilt of his weapon. It came free without a sound, describing a beautiful arc above him and coming to rest in a lethal position out from his left shoulder and slanting back, like a single wing of dull steel with a minuscule line of edge that gleamed like a filament of mirror. The picture he presented was burned into my mind with a kind of magnificence, a certain splendor that was strangely moving. The blade was a long, scythe like affair that I had seen him use before. Only then we had stood as allies against a mutual foe I had begun to believe unbeatable. Benedict had proved otherwise that night. Now that I saw it raised against me I was overwhelmed with a sense of my own mortality, which I had never experienced before in this fashion. It was as though a layer had been stripped from the world and I had a sudden, full understanding of death itself.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I travel back in time, falling back into what I know for certain, the historical data I cling to in order to not go mad, not assume I made a suicidal and well-informed error in marrying this man.
John Lennon|I wasn't saying whatever they're saying I was saying. I'm sorry I said it really. I never meant it to be a lousy anti-religious thing. I apologize if that will make you happy. I still don't know quite what I've done. I've tried to tell you what I did do but if you want me to apologize, if that will make you happy, then OK, I'm sorry.
Kurt W. Bubna, Epic Grace: Chronicles of a Recovering Idiot|If you haven’t figured it out by now, the words grace, love, and forgiveness are nearly synonymous.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|How grand, to be a Doctor of whatever and to weigh up and decide people's future.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|There are no verdicts to childhood, only consequences, and the bright freight of memory.
Victoria Abbott, The Christie Curse|The letting of blood, for him, like the letting of semen.
Bill Moyers|Injustice, poverty, slavery, ignorance - these may be cured by reform or revolution. But men do not live only by fighting evils. They live by positive goals, individual and collective, a vast variety of them, seldom predictable, at times incompatible.
Socrates|Are you not ashamed of caring so much for the making of money and for fame and prestige, when you neither think nor care about wisdom and truth and the improvement of your soul?
Lori Copeland, The Christmas Lamp|Sometimes in the company of others I find a disagreeable spirit of competitiveness kicks in and each person is shamed into spending rather more than he would have wished. This is a historically established syndrome, of course. One Magus going to Bethlehem would probably have sprung for a box of After Eights. Three Magi on the same trip found themselves laden with gold, frankincense and myrrh and bitterly comtemplating their overdrafts.
Sube Singh|If you take care of someone, it does not mean that one should take care of you,someone other will be/has been sent by the God for you
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Stored personal memories along with handed down collective memories of stories, legends, and history allows us to collate our interactions with a physical and social world and develop a personal code of survival. In essence, we all become self-styled sages, creating our own book of wisdom based upon our studied observations and practical knowledge gleaned from living and learning. What we quickly discover is that no textbook exist how to conduct our life, because the world has yet to produce a perfect person – an ideal observer – whom is capable of handing down a concrete exemplar of epistemic virtues. We each draw upon the guiding knowledge, theories, and advice available for us in order to explore the paradoxes, ironies, inconsistencies, and the absurdities encountered while living in a supernatural world. We mold our personal collection of information into a practical practicum how to live and die. Each day we define and redefine who we are, determine how we will react today, and chart our quest into an uncertain future.
Pam Godwin, Beneath the Burn|There are a holyfuckton of women crowing about your unapologetic fucking. They even named your famous positions." Oh Jesus, she knew about that. "Don't-" "The Limp Away From Jay Lay
Robert W. Service, Rhymes of a Rolling Stone|I have no doubt at all the Devil grins,As seas of ink I spatter. Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins --The other kind don't matter.
Tracie Peterson|That attitude that I wouldn't succeed didn't come from my family; it came from school and then the township we lived in. I wasn't going to settle for that, and my mother warned us not to settle for less, to make the most of our lives.
Jack Kerouac, Windblown World: The Journals of Jack Kerouac 1947-1954|You just want to give up, he said when he was able to speak. Only you keep going. You still have to get up in the morning and pour the cereal in the bowls. You keep on breathing, whether you want to or not. Nobody's around to tell you how it's supposed to work. The usual rules just don't apply anymore. He was still talking, but she wasn't even sure if it was to her. When it started, he said, I thought nothing could be worse than those first days. And it wasn't only us, but everyone else you'd see, wandering around like they'd landed on a whole different planet. Instead of just dealing with your own heart getting ripped into pieces, wherever you looked you knew there were other people dealing with the same thing. You couldn't even be alone with it. Like you're out in the ocean and the undertow catches you and you start yelling for help, but then you look around, and all around you in the water for as far as you can see, there's all these other people flailing too. He sat there for a moment, shaking his head. You keep getting up in the morning and knowing this will continue maybe ten thousand more mornings. You wish you were the one who died. How much better would that be?
Jason W. Blair|But above all, an author must write passionately and edit passionately.
Hudson Taylor, A Retrospect|I sat in the darkness, where there is not any created thing, and to you I was only a voice commanding valour and an unnatural virtue. You heard the voice in the dark, and you never heard it again. The sun in heaven denied it, the earth and sky denied it, all human wisdom denied it. And when I met you in the daylight I denied it myself.… But you were men. You did not forget your secret honour, though the whole cosmos turned an engine of torture to tear it out of you. I knew how near you were to hell. I know how you, Thursday, crossed swords with King Satan, and how you, Wednesday, named me in the hour without hope.
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|There are two kinds of guilt: the kind that drowns you until you’re useless, and the kind that fires your soul to purpose.
Susanne Bier|I would say 80% of the scripts I get are dramas and not comedies or romantic comedies, which is funny because that's what I do every week.
N.K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season|So not every person fits into the little rooms we build to hold them. There are infinite combinations of human and inhuman, male and female, brown and white.
Thabo Katlholo, The Mud Hut I Grew Upon|There, in the Levantine crossroads between Europe, Africa, and Asia, the sovereign nation of Israel would exemplify what right looks like.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If we wish to wrest an advantage from the enemy, we must not fix our minds on that alone, but allow for the possibility of the enemy also doing some harm to us, and let this enter as a factor into our calculations.
Suzy  Davies, Snugs The Snow Bear|Oh my boy, you are so huggable and snuggable, is that why they callyou Snugs Bear?”“I’ve simply always been Snugs,” Snugs said, with an unusual, mysterious air, for it was nearly time to go to bed.
Elizabeth George, A Mom After God's Own Heart: 10 Ways to Love Your Children|Remember to say what you mean, but don't say it meanly.
Auliq Ice|You gotta be optimistic to be single. Stupid! You have to be stupid. That's what optimistic means, you know. It means stupid. An optimist is somebody that goes, 'Hey, maybe something nice will happen!' Why the fuck would anything nice ever happen? What are you, stupid?
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|by now you've already formed your own impression. you believe that an act committed a lifetime ago defines a man, or you believe that a person's past has nothing to do with his future. you think i am either a hero, or a monster. maybe knowning more about circumstances will make you think differently about me, but it won't change what happened twenty-eight years ago.
Kemi Sogunle|What you feed your mind, will lead your life.
William Sansom|What is the colour of Christmas?Red? The red of the toyshops on a dark winter’s afternoon,Of Father Christmas and the robin’s breast?Or green?Green of holly and spruce and mistletoe in the house, dark shadow of summer in leafless winter?One might plainly add a romance of white, fields of frost and snow;thus white, green, red- reducing the event to the level of a Chianti bottle. But many will say that the significant colour is gold, gold of fire and treasure, of light in the winter dark; and this gets closer, For the true colour of Christmas is Black.Black of winter, black of night, black of frost and of the east wind, black of dangerous shadows beyond the firelight.I am not sure who wrote this. I got it from page nine of “A Book of Christmas” by William Sansom. Google didn’t help. It is rather true I think, that the true color of Christmas is black. For like the author said in succeeding sentences “The table yellow with electric light, the fire by which stories are told, the bright spangle of the tree- they all blazé out of shadow and out of a darkness of winter
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Do you ever sit back and wonder how and why other people are so successful, productive, or accomplished? What is the driver that inspires them to go for the gold, seize opportunities, and make things happen?
Jacob Grimm, Household Stories by the Brothers Grimm|Meanwhile, the mole goes on with its subterranean daydreams,The dogs lie around like rugs
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|I glimpsed the man's face with the shine of death on it. They laid him down there in the open. They had brought him there to be close to his death, I understood this also at the same moment. For who would wish to see a companion gasp his last on a jolting cart? We desire to keep the dying and the newly dead close before our eyes so as to give them full meed of pity. Our Lord was brought down to be pitied, on the Cross He was too far away.
Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny|Not accomplishing your Life Plan is a tragic act of free will. It is akin to charting an elaborate vacation itinerary before arriving at your holiday destination, with all kinds of plans for outdoor adventures and intentions to go sightseeing and shopping, but then ending up spending the whole trip in your hotel room ordering from room service and watching television. In a similar fashion the unconscious soul spends a lifetime in the semi-conscious state of Divine Disconnection and then returns home mostly ‘empty-handed’.
Mohsin Hamid, Exit West|The news in those days was full of war and migrants and nativists, and it was full of fracturing too, of regions pulling away from nations, and cities pulling away from hinterlands, and it seemed that as everyone was coming together everyone was also moving apart. Without borders nations appeared to be becoming somewhat illusory, and people were questioning what role they had to play.
Halsey|I don't like getting up in the morning, getting in a car, driving on a freeway, and stopping at a gate where two guards are standing there, then walk into a studio that looks like a bunch of airplane hangars.
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|The way he looked at you. I got it then. He loved you, and it was killing him. He won't get over you, Clary, he can't.
Margarita Engle, The Surrender Tree: Poems of Cuba's Struggle for Freedom|The past week, Mother had denied her a pass to the market for some minor, forgettable reason, and she’d taken it hard. Her market excursions were the acme of her days, and trying to commiserate, I'd said, “I'm sorry, Handful, I know how you must feel.” It seemed to me I did know what it felt to have one's liberty curtailed, but she blazed up at me. “So we just the same, me and you? That's why you the one to shit in the pot and I'm the one to empty it?
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I pulled myself from his mind, day by day, piece by piece, memory by memory, until there was nothing of Ruby left to weigh him down or keep him bound to my side..
William Shakespeare, Henry V|O for a Muse of fire, that would ascendThe brightest heaven of invention!
Johnny Worthen, Beatrysel|The perplexity, the potential— God’s own crucible was not for angels.
Jonathan Freedman|He's already tan, and leaning on the rail in his yellow linen shirt, with the pure glory of Venice racing behind him, I think he looks like someone I'd like to run off with, if I already hadn't.
Julia Crane, Keegan's Chronicles Trilogy Set|Her heart fluttered. It had only been a few hours, but it felt like a lifetime since she saw him last. She seriously felt addicted to that boy.
Emily Dickinson, Selected Poems|After great pain, a formal feeling comes – The Nerves sit ceremonious, like Tombs – The stiff Heart questions was it He, that bore,And Yesterday, or Centuries before?The Feet, mechanical, go round – Of Ground, or Air, or Ought – A Wooden way Regardless grown, A Quartz contentment, like a stone – This is the Hour of Lead – Remembered, if outlived, As Freezing persons, recollect the Snow – First – Chill – then Stupor – then the letting go –
Nathan Myhrvold|I think, as a child, there weren't dreams. I can't recall as a child having some ultimate dream and thinking that it was possible.
Kathleen Peacock, Hemlock|Okay, so maybe sometimes the real world is smiles and miracles.
Arundhati Roy|I would be pleased if someone would invent a pill to remove my impatience, moodiness, and occasional bursts of anger. But if they did, I wouldn't be able to write my novels or paint.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|No animal, according to the rules of animal-etiquette, is ever expected to do anything strenuous, or heroic, or even moderately active during the off-season of winter.
Jodi Picoult|It's never fifty-fifty in a marriage. Someone falls in love first. Someone puts someone else up on a pedestal. Someone works hard to keep things rolling smoothly, someone else sails along for the ride. Someone who would do anything to keep it the way it was in the beginning.
Joanne Fedler|Teenagers are complicated and at times stubborn, yes, but we are not dumb. We see the world in a different light than the rest do, and sometimes, we’re misunderstood because of it. And that’s alright. That must be the definition of ‘human being’: Misunderstood. But neither of us should tolerate degradation in any of it forms.
Brie Larson|We lived in just a studio apartment with just a room and a bed that came out of the wall, and my mom couldn't afford even a Happy Meal. We ate Top Ramen. I had no toys, and I had, like, two shirts, a pair of jeans, and that was it. But I had my mom to myself, and I remember it being the coolest period of time. I loved it. I really loved it.
R.S Grey|Three months before I met you, I was looking for the next thrill, the next party, the next girl. And then I walked in and found you perched in my kitchen like the most beautifully confident creature I'd ever seen, and I knew you'd be a wildfire.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|The old Amy, the girl of the big laugh and the easy ways, literally shed herself, a pile of skin and soul on the floor, and stepped this new, brittle, bitter Amy ... a razor-wire knot daring me to unloop her, and I was not up to the job with my thick, numb, nervous fingers. Country fingers. Flyover fingers untrained in the intricate, dangerous work of 'solving Amy'. When I'd hold up the bloody stumps, she'd sigh and turn to her secret mental notebooks on which she tallied all my deficiencies, forever noting disappointments, frailties, shortcomings.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|Nobody can guarantee that it's going to be okay, but - and I don't know if this will be comforting to anyone else - the possibility exists that there's a piece of corn on a floor somewhere that will make you just as confused about why you were laughing as you have ever been about why you are depressed.
Dean Cavanagh|We can depend on nobody in this world, and sometimes we even betray ourselves
A.P., Sabine|Christian pop culture can be worthwhile if done well, but bad Christian pop culture isn't redeemed merely by the fact that it's Christian.
Bert McCoy|Books are silent, but have the ability to scream.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Those that control the definitions, steer the culture as they please.
T.S. Joyce, Red Havoc Bad Bear|This life required scars,...Some were on the outside, and some they carried on the inside. But scars weren’t shameful. They meant survival. They meant putting in work. They meant sticking around and getting through the hard stuff just on the chance that things could get better.
Helen Keller, How I Became a Socialist?: Helen Keller's Articles|For 70 years Democrats bitterly denied being "socialists". Bernie Sanders has done the service of exposing them.
Charles de Lint, The Blue Girl|The thing to remember when you're writing is, it's not whether or not what you put on paper is true. It's whether it wakes a truth in your reader.
Jackie Kennedy|Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
Joel N. Ross, The Lost Compass|If Chess is the switch,” Loretta said, “how does he turn the Fog off?” Bea bit her lower lip. “I don’t know—ask Chess.” “How would I know?” I said. “You try being a switch.
Kat Kruger, The Night Has Teeth|The thought of my mother talking to me about sex makes me want to stab my eyes out with a fork, gouge even deeper and scramble my brains to prevent the conversation from ever happening.
Debasish Mridha|When we share intelligence, wealth, or love, we grow.
D.B.C. Pierre|Boy you really missed the boat. I’ll make it simple, so’s even fuckin you can understand. Papa God growed us up till we could wear long pants; then he licensed his name to dollar bills, left some car keys on the table, and got the fuck outta town”. Water rushes to his eye-holes. “Don’t be lookin up at no sky for help. Look down here, at us twisted dreamers”. He takes hold of my shoulders, spins me around, and punches me towards the mirror on the wall. “You’re the God. Take responsibility. Exercise your power
T. D. Jakes|I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age.
Shannon L. Alder|If you have to make a daily choice to be in a relationship then you are married to the past, not the person.
Anne McCaffrey, Nerilka's Story|Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
Richelle Mead|Things on the essential list: vodka, Nine Inch Nails, a steady supply of mortal men, and an all-purpose bitchy attitude.
Sherwood Boehlert|I would say Gary Snyder, who is from my part of the world as a poet and environmental thinker, will be read just as Henry Thoreau as John Muir will continue to be read.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|She put her tongue out and felt the raw edges of the torn silk. She looped her tongue around them and drew them into her teeth. Just a little bit, she thought, that's all I need to free my eyelids. She pulled the tasteless web between her teeth and ground, pulling her jaw down in a grimace - it felt as it she was eating the very skin off her face. But the silk over her eyelids shifted.
Natalie Lloyd|If you're brave enough to love, and forgive, and call up the factofabulous memories... there's no curse in the world that has any power over you.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Pure|You can not go back. That's why it's hard to choose. You have to make the right choice. As long, as you don't choose, everything remains possible.
Rhian J. Martin|What a man loves may be his ruin, but what a man ruins he can never truly love.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|Mom?" Mother turned to Grandmother."What?""She's going to lunch with her kidnapper!""Take a picture for me," Grandma said.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|whenever the sun is going up, it's not going down
Henri Matisse|We need to steer clear of this poverty of ambition, where people want to drive fancy cars and wear nice clothes and live in nice apartments but don't want to work hard to accomplish these things. Everyone should try to realize their full potential.
Misty May-Treanor|My mother always gives the best advice. When I left Puerto Rico to pursue my dreams, she always supported me and said to me, 'I'm never going to cut your wings, so don't let anyone else do that to you.' That has been my philosophy through life. I want to share that valuable lesson with my little girl someday.
Maya Angelou|Words are things. You must be careful, careful about calling people out of their names, using racial pejoratives and sexual pejoratives and all that ignorance. Don’t do that. Some day we’ll be able to measure the power of words. I think they are things. They get on the walls. They get in your wallpaper. They get in your rugs, in your upholstery, and your clothes, and finally in to you.
Edward M. Wolfe, Hell on Ice|One consequential change is that people used to get most of their calories at breakfast and midday, with only the evening top-up at suppertime. Now those intakes are almost exactly reversed. Most of us consume the bulk--a sadly appropriate word here--of our calories in the evening and take them to bed with us, a practice that doesn't do any good at all.
Mary Balogh, Simply Love|Draw, Antonio; draw, Antonio; draw and don’t waste time.
Krista Ritchie, Addicted for Now|I can't help but laugh into my next sip of water. For the first time, mine doesn't seem so bad."I don't know why you're fucking laughing. You have a girl's name and no middle name.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|How you accessorize your wardrobe can transform the plainest outfit into a dazzling, unforgettable impression. It can be the mark of your own unique style, an extra splash of fashion, or an expression of your mood.
Chaske Spencer|Well, I think that part of being young is not exactly knowing why you do some of the things that you do. And it's by exploring your life or experimenting or making mistakes and learning from them hopefully that you start to forge an identity.
George Best|Robert Ashford possessed one of the key character flaws necessary to a traitor. He thought he was smarter than everyone else. This allowed the overeducated career bureaucrat to sell out his own country, because he believed he knew what was best for his nation and its people.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Don't ask for guarantees. And don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were heading for shore.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|Last night I missed two free throws which would have won the game against the best team in the state. The farm town high school I play for is nicknamed the "Indians," and I'm probably the only actual Indian ever to play for a team with such a mascot.This morning I pick up the sports page and read the headline: INDIANS LOSE AGAIN.Go ahead and tell me none of this is supposed to hurt me very much.
Valerie Solanas, SCUM Manifesto|The male is a biological accident: the Y (male) gene is an incomplete X (female) gene, that is, it has an incomplete set of chromosomes. In other words, the male is an incomplete female, a walking abortion, aborted at the gene stage. To be male is to be deficient, emotionally limited; maleness is a deficiency disease and males are emotional cripples.
Elizabeth Berkley|I'm not a pretty princess, and I'm aware of that, so I like music that is really intense, really bold, and characters that in a way almost have a dark side and are kind of evil because, for me, that's when I feel my strongest and fiercest, when I'm not necessarily the good girl.
John le Carré|If there's no sea-gull there's no meeting, Wicklow had said. No sea-gull means abort. That's my epitaph, thought Barley. 'There was no sea-gull, so he aborted.
Kerrelyn Sparks, The Vampire With the Dragon Tattoo|Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bound together. All things connect.
Taryn Leigh, Perfect Imperfections|I’ve been the queen of symmetry and everything had to be in identical balance, no matter how you looked at it. But I’ve realized that sometimes things can be a little different, almost vastly different, yet make perfect sense when they are brought together. Sometimes differences are what make things symmetrical.
Larry Doyle, Go, Mutants!|Jelly had no brain per se but was in essence all brain, a shared consciousness programmed for desire. He had an appetite for everything, voraciously absorbing the culture that surrounded him and becoming it, only louder. In other words, he was extremely teenaged.
Enna Margo|With my limited understanding what I think happened was that God decided to play a fun game. He created a great experiment and BANG and Kapoof! He exploded into millions of trillions of little pieces and they are each one of them us, scattered all over the universe. This would mean that we are all pieces of each other. We all belong to each other. I am part of you, you are part of me, always have been, always will be. If you put us all together, well, maybe that is God.
T.J. Klune, Into This River I Drown|The bastard. How dare he? I was drowning in a fucking river that he was still attempting to save me from, and he was telling me he was going to push me back in and hold me under. My father's death had nearly destroyed me. Cal's death would finish me.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|He dressed quickly in silence, refusing her tissues. He shakily pulled a wad of uncounted notes from his wallet, abandoned them in the no man’s land between, and escaped in an indecent haste, leaving the shameful tableau in his wake.
James Adomian|I play knowing that there is somebody watching me out there in the crowd that has never had the opportunity to watch a game before and it might be the only chance they ever to see one, live in person. Michael Jordan once said that in an interview, and I really took it to heart; whenever I step on the floor, I play for that person.
Michael Chabon, The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay|There was something unmistakably exultant about the mess that Rosa had made. Her bedroom-studio was at once the canvas, journal, museum, and midden of her life. She did not “decorate” it; she infused it.
Eudora Welty, The Golden Apples|The author refers to a player's affected nonchalance and comments he is, "too young to realize you are what you pretend to be.
|If you constantly brush shoulders with great minds, sooner or later you would surely become very familiar with what it takes to dwell in the land of greatness.
Andrew Bonar, Memoir and Remains of R.M. M'Cheyne|Even as individuals become families and families become communities, and communities become nations, so eventually must the nations draw together in peace.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|He'd stopped trying to bring her back. She only came back when she felt like it anyway, in dreams and lies and broken-down déjà vu.
Gerard Way, The Umbrella Academy, Vol. 1: The Apocalypse Suite|There was nothing physical she could do to stop Mario from carrying out whatever he wished. She shivered at the thought of what that sleazy, other world leftover might do should she launch an attack on him.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Then as we passed down this Passage we were knocked against certain Women of the Town, who gave us Eye-language, since there were many Corners and Closets in Bedlam where they would stop and wait for Custom: indeed it was known as a sure Market for Lechers and Loiterers, for tho' they came in Single they went out by Pairs. This is a Showing-room for Whores, I said.And what better place for Lust, Sir Chris. replied, than among those whose Wits have fled?
Eric Dinerstein, What Elephants Know|If the shrike did not eat the grasshoppers, then the grasshoppers would eat all the grass, and there would be none left for the deer...and the deer are food for the tiger. Life in the jungle is a giant spiderweb; if you touch one strand, it will vibrate at the other end. We cannot separate nature into good and bad, Rita. The gods do not will it so.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|IT’S THE HOME OF THE FUTURE!! WHERE YOUR SAFTY IS ASSURED, AND YOUR HAPPINESS IS GUARANTEED!!
Douglas Rees, Vampire High: Sophomore Year|What is that?" Dad said, looking at the doll."It’s called the Scream," I said."I know that, but what us it?” Dad said.“Maybe she sleeps with it,” I said to Dad as he tucked it under his arm.“Then no wonder it’s screaming,” he said.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|I used to think if I could be free I should be the happiest woman," a young Mississippi woman recalled. "But when my master come to me, and says 'Lizzie, you is free!' it seems like I was in a kind of daze. And when I would wake up in the morning I would think to myself, Is I free? Hasn't I got to get up before daylight and go into the field and work?
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|[i]We were fighting so very hard and achieving so very little aside from staying alive. BUT THAT’S EVERYTHING, my father wrote to me, when I told him that in a letter.[/i]
Steve Maraboli|Most people talk, but say nothing. That’s ok because nobody is listening anyway. Let today be the day you stop with words and take ACTION! Shut-up and say something with your behavior... Dream. Plan. Act.
Alice Walker|There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|He has come to seduce the god of seduction, and oh, has he come prepared.
Agnostic Zetetic|It’s the process of being minimized, invalidated, silenced. It’s the process of being subjected to whatever someone else thinks I owe them. It’s the process of being used, examined, explored, and thrown away. It’s the process of being convinced to comply with the orders of someone who does not see me as their equal, someone who sees nothing wrong with the notion that I’m somehow lesser than they are. Rape isn’t about sex; it’s about all those other things. It’s about power.
Simone Freier, Birthday Experience: A Celebration of Openness and Submission Among Adventurous Friends|I breathed deeply of Sam’s manly scent – his pheromones – as his tongue burned in my mouth, his lips joined mine with violent softness, and his hands pulled my head even closer to him.
Ahmed Zewail|When a person's religious beliefs cause him to deny the evidence of science, or for whom public policy morphs into a battle with the devil, shouldn't that be a subject for discussion and debate?
Rush Limbaugh|The presidency is the most visible thread that runs through the tapestry of the American government. More often than not, for good or for ill, it sets the tone for the other branches and spurs the expectations of the people.
Sarah Brightman|In the past, I always used to be looking for answers. Today, I know there are only questions. So I just live.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|My body shakes with a million different fires. Feet that look like yours warp and the corns split so you see craters of infinite variety, some pus-filled Lake Toba. The weakness in my limbs, the thick weight on my head and chest and the slow burning inside me that never reaches the skin, bring me closer to you. My afflictions bring me closer to you.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|It's supposed to go bing-bing or bong-bong or ding-ding when tires go over it. The one at Dave's stopped working several years ago, and he won't have it fixed because he feels as I do - that none of us need to be reminded we exist.
Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart|When it comes to the heart and soul, only the Bible can bring true and lasting changes.
Andrew Breitbart|I don't have anything to prove to anybody else other than myself and my supporters and my loved ones, so if my health is good, I'm going to go out there and kill it.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|When I kissed Brooks, it was like I’d been stun-gunned. But I was still conscious.”Debbie Mae’s eyebrows had gone way up. “Awake but nobody home?”“Well, maybe awake but somebody home with really, really bad judgment.
Gerry Geek, Ice Breakers for Project Managers: Jokes, Quotes, and Brainteasers|More you know, better advice you give. Less you know, more advice you give.
Charles Barkley|I'm a football fan, a sports fan, a fan of competition.
Gabrielle Union|We have a habit of turning to scientists when we want factual answers and artists when we want entertainment, but where are the facts about the nature of the self? Neurologists peering at PET scans and fMRIs know they aren't seeing the soul in there.
Vera Farmiga|I am not married, no. I wasn't really into the notion when I was younger, but now I think a proposal is the ultimate romantic gesture.
Sue B. Zimmerman|Done is better than none. You could have all the ideas in the world, but without execution, you will go nowhere.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|I was planning a death, not a burglary, but in many ways that just made it easier. Taking a life was, in my experience, a damned sight less complicated than taking jewels from a hidden strongbox.
M.A. George, Relativity|I paused for a moment, debating whether to turn and look what was happening. My senses told me Obo’s presence was still at my side, and turning my face into the barrel of a gun seemed like an ill-advised way to cap off this day of monumentally stupid decisions.
B.R. Maycock, It Started With A Snub|She raised an eyebrow. "You're very sure of yourself."	"When I want something, I go for it and I don't let anything stand in my way." He was silent for a moment as they stared at each other. She knew he was talking about more than the deal and damn her traitorous body, her nipples tightened at the thought of being on the receiving end of his pursuing nature.
Dennis Sharpe, Blood & Spirits|But once in a while, you pick the right thing, the exact best thing. Every day, the moment you open your eyes and pull off your blankets, that's what you hope for. The sunshine on your face,warm enough to make you heart sing.
John Gardner|People will tell you that writing is too difficult, that it's impossible to get your work published, that you might as well hang yourself. Meanwhile, they'll keep writing and you'll have hanged yourself.
Marlee Matlin|I enjoy my money, and I'm not ashamed to admit it. I'd certainly rather be rich than poor.
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad's Cashflow Quadrant: Rich Dad's Guide to Financial Freedom|If you don’t know where you are going, you’ll end up someplace else.
Israel S. Dudley|They were kissing again, carefully at first, learning the shape and texture of each other's lips, testing the sharpness of the teeth behind them.It's too fast, said a panicky voice in his mind. And too dangerous. He'll drink your juices, taste your brain, crack your soul open like an egg!Hell, I think I want him to do all that.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|At that time, there was only one thing better that a good fight, and that was having a good fight and getting paid for it.
Tony Randall|Paul persuaded me to join the band. I would never have had the courage otherwise. It was fun at the beginning. We were playing just for fun, with Paul's group.
Kelly R. Michaels, Archer of the Lake|When she turned to accept her crown from Gwyndolyn, Feraan saw that her face was flushed from drink and excitement. Her pale hair cascaded over her shoulders, shining like glittering moonlight. She was warm and soft, and he knew that because he had felt her lips before. The green stems from her flower crown rested above her pointed ears, and though Caelfel was not the picture of nobility, Feraan could admit she was beautiful.
John Knowles|She will never submit to any thing requiring industry and patience, and a subjection of the fancy to the understanding.
Kate Avery Ellison, The Curse Girl|You're ruining that book!" He pointed to the page I'd torn out. "That's a perfectly good book!" Holding his gaze, I reached down and ripped another page out. "I'm making roses." "Well, it's my book." "Sorry." I tore out another.
R.L. Mathewson, Perfection|If I can do things right, I don't see why everyone else can't.
Gene Edward Veith Jr.|In pursuing a ‘way,’ Japanese typically move beyond an interest in craftsmanship to a kind of sacred search for the ultimate.
Anthony T. Hincks|When they have something to hide, they put it in the F.O.I. cabinet.
Warsan Shire|Besides, I'm looking for a man who doesn't have quite the mileage and the wear and tear on him as you do!
David G. McAfee, Mom, Dad, I'm an Atheist: The Guide to Coming Out as a Non-Believer|Without cultural indoctrination, all of us would be atheists. Or, more specifically, while many may dream up their own gods as did our ancestors, they would certainly not be ‘Christian’ or ‘Jewish’ or ‘Muslim’ or any other established religion. That’s because, without the texts and churches and familial instruction, there are no independent evidences that any specific religion is true. Outside of the Bible, how would one hear of Jesus? The same goes for every established religion.
Laura Schroff, An Invisible Thread: The True Story of an 11-Year-Old Panhandler, a Busy Sales Executive, and an Unlikely Meeting with Destiny|We all want relationships that are healthy and resolved, and sometimes that simply doesn't happen. But the beauty of life is that inside these disappointments are hidden the most miraculous of blessings. What we lose and what we might have been pales against what we have.
Haemin Sunim, The Things You Can See Only When You Slow Down: Guidance on the Path to Mindfulness from a Spiritual Leader|If we turn away from our own pain, we may find ourselves projecting this aversion onto others, seeing them as somehow inadequate for being in a troubled situation.
David Blaine|All the traditional STEM fields, the science, technology, engineering, and math fields, are stoked when you dream big in an agency such as NASA.
Pamela Gibson, A Kiss of Cabernet|You drive me crazy in all the damn good ways that keep me up at night,” he whispered. He cupped her jaw, his eyes going to her mouth. He could see her pulse racing at the base of her neck and she didn’t move away when he bent his head. “The best ways, Kate,” he said and then kissed her like he’d wanted to since the moment she’d ran into him that afternoon, since the moment she’d left him the other night. He kissed her, tasted her, wrapped her up in his arms, and tangled his hands in her hair until he couldn’t think.
Stephen LaBerge|Supported by digital data, new data-driven tools, and payment policies that reward improving the quality and value of care, doctors, hospitals, patients, and entrepreneurs across the nation are demonstrating that smarter, better, more accessible, and more proactive care is the best way to improve quality and control health care costs.
Akansh Malik|I sought Him where my logic led. “This friend is always sure and right; His lantern is sufficient light.I need no Star,” I said.I sought Him in the city square. Logic and I went up and down The marketplace of many a town,But He was never there.I tracked Him to the mind’s far rim. The valiant intellect went forth To east and west and south and north,But found no trace of Him.We walked the world from sun to sun, Logic and I, with Little Faith, But never came to Nazareth,Nor met the Holy One.We sought in vain. And finally, Back to the heart’s small house I crept, And fell upon my knees, and wept;And Lo! He came to me!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Perfection may be an island out of reach, but setting your sails toward it makes for a magnificent voyage.
Stormie Omartian, Choose Love: The Three Simple Choices That Will Alter the Course of Your Life|All the weapons of hate and cruelty cannot stand against God’s love. The spiritually blind and intentionally evil try to oppose it, but they cannot ultimately win. That’s because all creation was formed and is sustained by God
Matt Heineman|The dictator’s black hand hadmade China a birdcage wrapped in red flags.--From "Balloons
Candi Kay, Trusting Lance|He has one hand over her mound and works his fingers as if he was playing guitar, making beautiful music with her tiny button. He serenades her with a love song that only his fingers know how to pick- a tune that no man can duplicate.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Moreover, you couldn't get animal sex and tight leather and sex toys along with something warm and comforting and meaningful.
Muhammad Ali|Terrorism has no religion is a theory, and the religion of terrorism is a real threat and practical thing.
Roger Ebert|We laugh, that we may not cry.
Diane Abbott|I said to my friends that if I was going to starve, I might as well starve where the food is good.
David V. Gaggin|The All is in all,and all is in The All.
Ujjwal Chugh, How to Crack the SSB - Services Selection Board|Life is like a diamond. More you trim it, more it becomes beautiful...
Kurt Eichenwald, Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story|In a market, preceptions could be as important as reality.p.403
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|Literature is a cake with many toys baked inside-and even if you find them all, if you don't enjoy the path that leads you to them, it will be a hollow accomplishment. There was a playwright named Heller, American, I believe, who summed it up this way. He said, 'They knew everything about literature except how to enjoy it.
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|The cat dropped the rat between its two front paws. "There are those," it said with a sigh, in tones as smooth as oiled silk, "who have suggested that the tendency of a cat to play with its prey is a merciful one - after all, it permits the occasional funny little running snack to escape, from time to time. How often does your dinner get to escape?
Sawyer Belle, Silver Nights With You|....because of all the things in this world that can hurt you and knock you down, I will never be one of them.
Flannery O'Connor, A Good Man is Hard to Find and Other Stories|The child came to a stop beside her mother and stared up at her face as if she had never seen it before. It was the face of the new misery she felt, but on her mother it looked old and it looked as if it might have belonged to anybody, a Negro or a European or to Powell himself. The child turned her head quickly, and past the Negroe's ambling figures she could see the column of smoke rising and widening unchecked inside the granite line of trees. She stood taut, listening, and could just catch in the distance a few wild high shrieks of joy as if the prophets were dancing in the fiery furnace, in the circle the angel had cleared for them.
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|In avoiding all pain and seeking comfort at all cost, we may be left without intimacy or compassion; in rejecting change and risk we often cheat ourselves of the quest; in denying our suffering we may never know our strength or our greatness.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave.
Guy Mankowski, An Honest Deceit|All of the administrative methods used in professional circles- confidentiality, whatever else is in vogue- are just tools. Tools that governing bodies can deploy, under the guise of fairness. Some of the most corrupt organisations I have worked with have the most finely developed guidelines that they work to. These guidelines gives them more rope to hang their victims.
Darmie O-Lujon|Philosophers in the scholastic tradition have usually defined intellectual certitude as a proposition in which we have no reasonable 'fear' of the opposite proposition turning out to be the truth. But this "fear" of which the medieval scholastics spoke does not convey their teaching to a mind trained in the proper formalities of the English language. A lack of fear, in this context, means that we cannot judge the opposite to be possible and that we are fully conscious of the reasons why we cannot. We have no reason permitting us to withhold assent to the proposition at hand. "lack of fear, " in this context, is something intellectual; it is not really a "lack of fear," in the emotional sense at all, and "fear" —in English - connotes the emotional. A man can possess intellectual certitude about a proposition and still fail to possess subjective or emotional certitude. He can emotionally fear the opposite, even though he cannot think the opposite to be a possibility. A man ca be absolutely certain that a God exists and still feel His absence. pg 172
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|There was something rather blousy about roses in full bloom, something shallow and raucous, like women with untidy hair
Stokely Carmichael, Stokely Speaks: From Black Power to Pan-Africanism|When I was twelve, my parents had two talks with me.One was the usual birds and bees. Well, I didn't really get the usual version. My mom, Lisa, is a registered nurse, and she told me what went where, and what didn't need to go here, there, or any damn where till I'm grown. Back then, I doubted anything was going anywhere anyway. While all the other girls sprouted breasts between sixth and seventh grade, my chest was as flat as my back.The other talk was about what to do if a cop stopped me.Momma fussed and told Daddy I was too young for that. He argued that I wasn't too young to get arrested or shot."Starr-Starr, you do whatever they tell you to do," he said. "Keep your hands visible. Don't make any sudden moves. Only speak when they speak to you."I knew it must've been serious. Daddy has the biggest mouth of anybody I know, and if he said to be quiet, I needed to be quiet.I hope somebody had the talk with Khalil.
David W. Jones, Enough: And Other Magic Words to Transform Your Life|Sometimes…	Sometimes doubt is the opposite of faith, but sometimes doubt can be a pathway to faith.	Sometimes weakness is the opposite of strength, but sometimes weakness can be the pathway to strength.	Sometimes addiction is the opposite of sobriety, but sometimes addiction can be the pathway to sobriety.	Sometimes infidelity is the opposite of fidelity, but sometimes infidelity can be a pathway to fidelity.	Sometimes failure is the opposite of success, but sometimes failure can be the pathway to success.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|Art is the expression of appreciation of beauty real or imagined. It's also an examination of what it means to be alive with all its varied things, emotions, and experiences. We are forever trying to explain ourselves to the world or the world to ourselves.
Philip   Dodd, Klubbe the Turkle and the Golden Star Coracle|Some readers may realize that this story, first published in 1956, has been overtaken by events. In 1965, astronomers discovered that Mercury does not keep one side always to the Sun, but has a period of rotation of about fifty-four days, so that all parts of it are exposed to the sunlight at one time or another.Well, what can I do except say that I wish astronomers would get things right to begin with?And I certainly refuse to change the story to suit their whims.
Jennifer Cox, Around the World in 80 Dates|There are only so many hours in the day, and chances are that if you have a successful career it's your job that takes up most of them. As the economy flourishes are we in the grip of an emotional recession? Have we made our jobs the primary relationships in our lives, settling for a so-so boyfriend because that's all we have the time to either find or maintain?
Tom Ford|I design all my sets. With my tour and my album artwork, I co-design that with people who are better at drawing than me. But I've got a good imagination. I went to art school so I understand how to communicate my ideas.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|When it comes to ourselves, we often have a blind spot. That is, we fail to see ourselves as others see us. We fail to recognize our most obvious traits: our strengths, weaknesses, mannerisms.
Leonard Seet|There are some people that see the half full cup and get upset about where the other half of the cup went... With an attitude like that, they will never be happy. I see a half full cup and I immediately take half of someone else’s cup and then I have a full cup and I’m happy. With the right attitude, life is really very simple." Peter Pan from 'Leaving Neverland' (Why Little Boys Shouldn't Run Big Corporations)
Kevin Smith|Since the earliest days of the art form, humans have been the most difficult characters to animate. The more realistic the human being, the more difficult the animation becomes. Audiences will accept distortions in the actions of a cartoony character: no one has ever seen a four-foot-tall rabbit walk on its hind legs, so an artist animating Bugs Bunny enjoys considerable freedom. But everyone knows how human beings move, and if those movements are not rendered accurately, viewers won't believe in the characters.Ward Kimball, one of Disney's "Nine Old Men," commented, "As long as we deal in fantasy, we are on safe ground. The eye has no basis for comparison. But the more we try to duplicate nature realistically, the tougher our job becomes. The audience compares what we draw with what it knows to be true. Any false movement is easily detected.
Nick Vujicic, Love Without Limits: A Remarkable Story of True Love Conquering All|We believe that Jesus has made His home in our hearts, and as long as we carry Him there, God's love will keep our love strong no matter where we are.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... there was no need for him to hasten towards the attainment of a happiness already captured and held in a safe place, which would not escape his grasp again.
Shemar Moore|My mom was a source of strength. She showed me by example that women, regardless of how difficult life may get, can do it all.
Michael Chabon, The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay|So let’s raise our glass to the accident season,To the river beneath us where we sink our souls,To the bruises and secrets, to the ghosts in the ceiling,One more drink for the watery road.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|Nothing that occurs in life is random or without purpose. Lessons were found within each event in our lives that, positive or negative, ultimately instilled a peaceful mind in us.
Noam Chomsky|Either you repeat the same conventional doctrines everybody is saying, or else you say something true, and it will sound like it's from Neptune.
Loretta Lynch|No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the far greater part of the members are poor and miserable.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|These are the quicksilver moments of my childhood I cannot remember entirely. Irresistible and emblematic, I can recall them only in fragments and shivers of the heart.
George MacDonald, The Marquis of Lossie|As you grow ready for it, somewhere or other you will find what is needful for you in a book.
Shannon L. Alder|You want war??...Out there you can find books, films about the war how brutal is it. If you disire for more... it sounds like you are cruel, so far I can understand it you are the bad guy, aren't you?
Marjorie Pay Hinckley|The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.
Mark R. Trost, Post Marked|I write with the entire alphabet, not just the popular letters.Readers don't want to lose themselves in the text. They want to find themselves in it.
J.L. McCoy, The Original Sin|If a faerie, a vampire, and a demon walk into a bar, you wait for the punch line. At Private Eye, when a faerie, a vampire, and a demon walk through the door, it’s just another day at the office.
Pamela August Russell, B Is for Bad Poetry|Cats aren’t special advisers. They advise us all the time, whether we want them to or no.
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|Tedious as it may appear to some to dwell on the discovery of odds and ends that have, no doubt, been thrown away by the owner as rubbish ... yet it is by the study of such trivial details that Archaeology is mainly dependent for determining the date of earthworks. ... Next to coins fragments of pottery afford the most reliable of all evidence ...
Walt Disney Company|After the rain, the sun will reappear. There is life. After the pain, the joy will still be here.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|We should try to live a life of a human once before we die, because there is a difference between having a life and living a life.
Wayne Cordeiro|[God] deposits a dream of what we can be for Him, a dream that acts as our internal honing device.
Vera Whisman, Queer by Choice: Lesbians, Gay Men, and the Politics of Identity|[Two respondents] minimized the assimilationist implications of the dominant account; Russ Silver rejects the idea entirely.I have no interest in being accepted. I consider this system corrupt, and I don't want to be accepted by it. We're in this together. Faggots, junkies, women, blacks, Hispanics, Native Americans, Asians, don't you see it? Don't you see that our white male government doesn't care about us? When I say this it shocks coat-and-tie lesbians and gay men everywhere. Well, I'm sorry, folks; if you had AIDS you would know what I know: The government doesn't give a goddamn cent for a faggot's life.
Umberto Saba|Every evening words, not stars, light the sky. No rest in life like life itself.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|I would like to make fun plans with you, but then just do ordinary things; or plan ordinary things but find we have stepped through a wardrobe into a world of ordinary magic.
Deyth Banger|We are the sum total of our experiences, be they positive or negative, they bring out the best or worst in us and make us the person who we are today and what we will be in the future.
John Burnside, The Dumb House|The trick and the beauty of language is that it seems to order the whole universe, misleading us into believing that we live in sight of a rational space, a possible harmony.
Michael Quansah, What You Can't Live Without - The Cardinal Virtues|Life is war. By implication, life in itself places humanity with the need for battle in the struggle for success
John  Adams, Diary and Autobiography of John Adams: Volumes 1-4, Diary (1755-1804) and Autobiography|A pleasant morning. Saw my classmates Gardner, and Wheeler. Wheeler dined, spent the afternoon, and drank Tea with me. Supped at Major Gardiners, and engag'd to keep School at Bristol, provided Worcester People, at their ensuing March meeting, should change this into a moving School, not otherwise. Major Greene this Evening fell into some conversation with me about the Divinity and Satisfaction of Jesus Christ. All the Argument he advanced was, 'that a mere creature, or finite Being, could not make Satisfaction to infinite justice, for any Crimes,' and that 'these things are very mysterious.'(Thus mystery is made a convenient Cover for absur
N.K. Jemisin, The Killing Moon|Suffering is part of life,' she said. 'All the parts of life are jumbled up together; you can't separate out just the one thing.' She parred his hand again, kindly. 'I could let you kill me now, lovely man, and have peace and good dreams forever. But who knows what I get instead, if I stay? Maybe time to see a new grandchild. Maybe a good joke that sets me laughing for days. Maybe another handsome young fellow flirting with me.' She grinned toothlessly, then let loose another horrible, racking cough. Ehiru steadies her with shaking hands. 'I want every moment of my life, pretty man, the painful and the sweet alike. Until the very end. If these are all the memories I get for eternity, I want to take as many of them with me as I can.
San Juan de la Cruz|Where there is no love, put love -- and you will find love.
Claudio Magris, Danube: A Sentimental Journey from the Source to the Black Sea|To use the term 'clerk' as an insult is simply a banal vulgarity; Pessoa and Svevo, however would have welcomed it as a just attribute of the poet. The latter does not resemble Achilles or Diomedes, ranting on their war-chariots, but is more like Ulysses, who knows that he is no one. He manifests himself in this revelation of impersonality that conceals him in the prolixity of things, as travelling erases the traveller in the confused murmur of the street.
Shannon L. Alder|Even when things seem to be going wrong, they just could be going right because when you're in God's will, the negatives are part of his positive program.
Adrian McKinty, The Cold Cold Ground|let’s face it: Most girls are annoying. I mean, most humans are annoying, so it’s not specific to girls. Also, I don’t really mean “annoying.” I guess I mean that most humans like to try to fuck up your plans.
Anne Eliot, Unmaking Hunter Kennedy|Everyone has scars, they just aren’t as visible as yours.
Susan Lendroth, Ocean Wide, Ocean Deep|We need only to close our eyes and we are back on the Third Line, walking up the lane, through the yard and entering the bright, warm kitchen. We are home again.
Blake Farenthold|The reality is for 50 years in this country, federal law has required people that are illegal - or that are immigrants - or that are legal immigrants to this country to carry documentation to that effect. And that has been the law for 50 years.
P.G. Wodehouse, Right Ho, Jeeves|Stimulated by the juice, I believe, men have even been known to ride alligators.
David Eddings, Castle of Wizardry|What's this about slippers?" Stephanie's mom said, walking in."Dad's just saying he could never lead the resistance against a robot army because he wears slippers.""This is very true," her mum said."Then it's decided," Stephanie's father said. "When the robot army makes itself known, I will be one of the first traitors to sell out the human race.""Wow," said Stephanie."Now that's an about-turn," said her mum."It's the only way," said her dad. "I have to make sure my family survives. The two of you and that other one, the small one--""Alice.""That's her. You're all that matter to me. You're all I care about. I will betray the human race so that the robot army spares you. And then later, I will betray you so that the robot army spares me. It's a dangerous ploy, but someone has to be willing to take the big risks, and I'll be damned if I'm about to let anyone else gamble with my family's future.""You're so brave," Stephanie's mum said."I know," said her dad, and then quieter, "I know.
Michael Connelly, The Concrete Blonde|He might fight under my badge, Bet'anya, but you're the only one he would die for.
Shelley Winters|I think on-stage nudity is disgusting, shameful and damaging to all things American. But if I were 22 with a great body, it would be artistic, tasteful, patriotic, and a progressive religious experience.
Myles Munroe|Governments have never learned anything from history, or acted on principles deducted from it.
Carlos Santana|To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on.
Ashim Shanker, Sinew of the Social Species|We are not from here, my dear. So:Let the flames take over our bodies,‘cause I wanna merely burn with you.And we can dance until we become ashes,but don’t you dare leave me when we become pointless dust.Because this is when we canfinally blow away with the wind,back to that place where lovewas once real...
nopain|It’s not enough to be able to lie with a straight face; anybody with enough gall to raise on a busted flush can do that. The first way to lie artistically is to tell the truth — but not all of it. The second way involves telling the truth, too, but is harder: Tell the exact truth and maybe all of it…but tell it so unconvincingly that your listener is sure you are lying.
Jim George, A Leader After God's Own Heart: 15 Ways to Lead with Strength|A good leader will seek the wisdom of others. After all, no man is an island!
Jonathan Friesen, Both of Me|My world had become his, or his mine; it was hard to say
Plato, the Statesman|All began to change in the reverse direction and grow more tender. The white hair of the elderly began to grow black; the cheeks of the bearded to grow smooth, and one and all to return to the season of bloom that they had left behind them. Young men’s bodies grew smoother and smaller day by day and night by night till they reverted alike in mind and body to the likes of a newborn infant, and then dwindled right away and were clean lost to sight.
Abraham Lincoln|I have legs of iron, but to tell you the truth, they're starting to rust and buckle a bit.
Mary Wollstonecraft|There is a great stir about colored men getting their rights, but not a word about the colored women; and if colored men get their rights, and not colored women theirs, you see, the colored men will be masters over the women, and it will be just as bad as it was before.
Amrita Sarkar|Whether we are trying to buy a packet of chips or getting to know a person for a potentially important relationship, its nice to have an overview of what it/he/she contains. - Of A Sense of Self
Henry B. Eyring, Because He First Loved Us|This is a book about getting naked—not physically, but spiritually. It’s about stripping away the symbols and status of public religion—the Sunday-dress version people often call “organized religion.” And it’s about attending to the well-being of the soul clothed only in naked human skin.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|Our consciousness and awareness, which includes our choices as to where we place our focus, alters the paths of our lives, and creates a split in reality, leading to the creation of two or more worlds at any moment in time.
Charles Frazier|If you are in the mountains alone for some time, many days at minimum, & it helps if you are fasting. The forest grows tired of its weariness towards you; it resumes its inner life and allows you to see it. Near dusk the faces in tree bark cease hiding, and stare out at you. The welcoming ones and also the malevolent, open in their curiosity. In your camp at night you are able to pick out a distinct word now and then from the muddled voices in creek water, sometimes an entire sentence of deep import. The ghosts of animals reveal themselves to you without prejudice to your humanity. You see them receding before you as you walk the trail their shapes beautiful and sad.
Mark Helprin|It's true that it's within the realm of cultural politics that young people tend to work through political issues, which I think is good, although it's not going to solve the problems.
John McKinley|The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.
Alina Radoi|The sun was already long past the spire when Garrick purchased a mug of coffee from his regular man on the tip of Oxford Street. But his palate had been educated by 21st century coffee, and he judged this mug as bilge water not fit for the Irish.
Ernestine Gilbreth Carey, Belles on Their Toes|In a person's lifetime there may be not more than half a dozen occasions that he can look back to in the certain knowledge that right then, at that moment, there was room for nothing but happiness in his heart.
Joseph Campbell|The Sun can be your greatest gloom, or your greatest comforter, depending on how you view its shine.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|It is not the length of life, but the depth.
Gary Edward Gedall|No m’lord. It wouldn’t be a secret army if we had seen it. My squire, who has not had the opportunity to be clearly informed about the presence of a secret army, has been ignorant of its existence.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to the mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on the rock. I wished sometimes to shake off all thought and feeling, but I learned that there was but one means to overcome the sensation of pain, and that was death -- a state which I feared yet did not understand.
Rumaan Alam, Rich and Pretty|The day you call someone "Mother" is the day your pain is hers to bear, you burden hers to carry.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|The point is, Jenna, no one is normal or perfect like that house you see across the street. Everyone suffers from their own struggles, whether they’re big or small.
Mark Twain|The games we play are lessons we learn. The assumptions we make, things we ignore, and things we change make us what we become.
Deborah Ellis, Looking for X|Even before you've gone anywhere, you feel like you've gone somewhere
Shana Chartier|If only humans could die like the autumn leaves, with a splash of beauty and the promise of another season.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Thomas Merton wrote, “there is always a temptation to diddle around in the contemplative life, making itsy-bitsy statues.” There is always an enormous temptation in all of life to diddle around making itsy-bitsy friends and meals and journeys for itsy-bitsy years on end. It is so self-conscious, so apparently moral, simply to step aside from the gaps where the creeks and winds pour down, saying, I never merited this grace, quite rightly, and then to sulk along the rest of your days on the edge of rage. I won’t have it. The world is wilder than that in all directions, more dangerous and bitter, more extravagant and bright. We are making hay when we should be making whoopee; we are raising tomatoes when we should be raising Cain, or Lazarus.Go up into the gaps. If you can find them; they shift and vanish too. Stalk the gaps. Squeak into a gap in the soil, turn, and unlock-more than a maple- a universe. This is how you spend this afternoon, and tomorrow morning, and tomorrow afternoon. Spend the afternoon. You can’t take it with you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|By choosing comfort we are in the very same decision choosing to miss every great thing in life, and that thought should be anything but comforting.
Becca Vry, Musings: An Argyle Empire Anthology|There are dark and alone times when you move forward to pursue your own journey, but the beauty in the light at the end of the tunnel is worth every sacrifice you thought you made.
Jodi Picoult|I always wondered why God was supposed to be a father," she whispers. Fathers always want you to measure up to something. Mothers are the ones who love you unconditionally, don't you think?
T. J. Miller|I have total respect for anyone who discovers a band like Snow Patrol. I would be hopeless at signing a rock band, or anything alternative, cause I don't know what that audience are into and I don't particularly like that kind of music.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|I would rather die fighting for what is right, than live passively amidst all that is wrong.
Charlotte Davis Kasl|Life was radical right after I met the monster.Later, life became harder, complicated.Ultimately, a living hell, like swimming against a riptide,Walking the wrong direction in the fast lane of the freeway, Waking from sweetest dreams to find yourself in the middle of a nightmare.
Georgette Heyer, Frederica|She's a tangled mess of wild- a forest nymph, a goddess child. She's like the seductive sea - feral and fierce, calm and serene. She's the starfish swimming in my soul, the woman child who keeps me sane, who keeps me whole.
Orlando Bloom|I've always wanted to do a world creation story and visually create this amazing, incredible, magical kingdom.
Howard Rheingold|If out of concern over cloning, the U.S. Congress succeeds in criminalizing embryonic stem-cell research that might bring treatments for Alzheimer's disease or diabetes - and Dr. Fukuyama lent his name to a petition that supported such laws - there would be real victims: present and future sufferers of those diseases.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Once I had her clean, I wrapped her in a towel and carried her back to the bed. A small red bloodstain was on the sheets, and again the possessive monster inside me threw back his head and roared his pleasure. I stood there holding her and letting the proof I was the only man to be inside her wash over me.Blythe turned her head, and I felt her stiffen in my arms. “Oh, I can clean that up,” she said, starting to wiggle.I pulled her tighter to my chest. “No. I’m going to dry you off and hold you some more. I like seeing that blood. I did that,” The pleasure in my voice made Blythe smile.
John Lasseter|When I did 'The Sound of Music' and 'Mary Poppins' and 'The Americanization of Emily,' all three were in the can and had not yet been released. So I was driving around having a fine time learning about how to make movies and enjoying myself enormously, and then they were released, and it was quite an assault, in a way.
Joss Whedon|Seven years, Dawn. Working with the Slayer. Seeing my friends get more and more powerful... a witch. A demon. Hell, I could fit Oz in my shaving kit, but come a full moon, he had a wolfy mojo not to be messed with. Powerful, all of them. And I'm the guy who fixes the windows. They'll never know how tough it is, Dawnie, to be the one who isn't Chosen, to live so near the spotlight and never step in it. But I know. I see more than anybody realizes because nobody's watching me. I saw you last night, and I see you working here today. You're not special; you're extraordinary.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Karma is often wrongly confused with the notion of a fixed destiny. It is more like an accumulation of tendencies that can lock us into particular behavior patterns, which themselves result in further accumulations of tendencies of a similar nature... But is is not necessary to be a prisoner of old karma.
Laura Kinsale, Seize the Fire|Then you came and I started to feel again. I started to think there was a reason I survived, that you were my reason. But nothing's so simple, is it? I didn't protect you. Here you are hurting so bad, and I can't even help. I'm just here and I need you. That's all it comes to. I need you to be brave when I haven't been. I know how hard it is. Look at me. Look at what's happened to me. Jesus, I feel like I'll be crying for the next century." He bent his head, pressed his tear-wet cheek to her dry cold skin. "But I'm here. I'm not hiding anymore. Princess, I'm asking you. Come back to me. You're my life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is the highest prayer; as God is love, God cannot ignore Himself.
Confucius|If your desire is for good, the people will be good.
Dennis Rodman|I go out with white women. This makes a lot of people unhappy, mostly black women.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Our] problems boil down to one of moral choices.God wanted a world based on moral values,thus He created mankind with the ability to respond to moral choices.Faced with the moral option of living selfishly or unselfishly, people can and do make wrong decisions. We are free to choose, but we reap the consequences of bad moral decisions.
John Shelby Spong|As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|Ruling Akaran is a strange task. In many ways, it is like balancing an illusion. You must separate the illusion of what you see and the reality of its consequences," he said. "Tell me, my queen, are you ready to play with fate?
Deyth Banger|Be in a close association with your creator, for love will do its best
Jay Stringer, Ways to Die in Glasgow|Then I think, fuck it, this bit of floor looks nice.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|And gradually it dawned on him, if a dawning can take place in total blackness, that his life has consisted of a run of rehearsals for a play he had failed to take part in. And that what he needed to do from now on, if there was going to be a now on, was abandon his morbid quest for order and treat himself to a little chaos, on the grounds that while order was demonstrably no substitute for happiness, chaos might open the way to it.
Richard Price, Clockers|There is nothing worse than fear. Fear is worse than cancer, fear is worse than torture, fear is worse than betrayal and fear is even worse than death.
David Hockney|Listen, we elected Warren G. Harding. Anybody has a chance.
Shelly Kagan|If you put it as 'complex nervous systems' it sounds pretty deflationary. What's so special about a complex nervous system? But of course, that complex nervous system allows you to do calculus. It allows you to do astrophysics… to write poetry... to fall in love. Put under that description, when asked 'What’s so special about humans...?', I’m at a loss to know how to answer that question. If you don’t see why we’d be special… because we can do poetry [and] think philosophical thoughts [and] we can think about the morality of our behavior, I’m not sure what kind of answer could possibly satisfy you at that point....I could pose the same kinds of questions of you... So God says, 'You are guys are really, really special.' How does his saying it make us special? 'But you see, he gave us a soul.' How does our having a soul make us special? Whatever answer you give, you could always say… 'What’s so special about that?
Auliq Ice|Even if someone is already dead in front of you, knock twice on the heart who knows they might answer.
Eckhart Tolle|Death is frightening, and so is Eternal Life.
Mehmet Murat ildan|By reading books, you lose your old self and you find your new self! To read is to travel from self to another self!
Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous|I was planning to end this phase after a few weeks, but after one particular meeting, the lead advisor asked me not to come back. She said she'd noticed that every time I was asked to give a suggestion about an ex-husband to a grieving divorcee, I always said, "You should have him murdered.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When our expectations differ from better, we think bitter, but that is not better! Stay better, think positive, no matter what; there is always a better lesson to learn!
Mattie Stepanek|We are still living in the aftershock of Hiroshima, people are still the scars of history.
Dada Bhagwan|In shukladhyan (Pure contemplation as the Self, the Soul), whole world begins to look faultless (nirdosh). In dharmadhyan, despite seeing the other person at fault; one will uphold him as being faultless that is ‘dhramadhyan’, ‘what is the other person’s fault? He is simply instrumental (nimit) in it. It is due to the effect of my own karmas that I have encountered him.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|My eye was drawn to a bright green hue, the same shade as a poisonous Amazonian frog, the tiny, delightfully deadly ones.
Bill Bowerman|Evil can be a teacher, if you look at the wisdom of its negative power.
Samuel Butler|I have the freedom to take chances, to say no. I have the freedom to be who I really want to be, rather than have to conform to this or that just to stay alive.
Alexia Purdy, Reign of Blood|Never tease anything that wants to eat you." Reign of Blood
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|Just because something is good is not a sufficient reason for doing it. The number of good things we can do far exceeds the time available to accomplish them. Some things are better than good, and these are the things that should command priority attention in our lives.
Adyashanti|Three or four times, I have had the great death but my life is lived in the million tiny moments that make up the one dance
Leonardo DiCaprio|I'm always trying to reach a transcendent point, a romantic point, but reach it in a really unconventional way, a really profane way. To get to that romantic, touching, heartbreaking place, but through a lot of acts of profanity.
Alexandra Elle, Words from a Wanderer|Rose wasn't 'ordinary'. What was I supposed to do? Wrap her in cotton wool? Tell her 'Here, I could give you the universe, but I'm not going to in case you get hurt? There's all this stuff out there, all these planets, all these wonders, but I want you to stay at home and work in a shop?
Lang Leav, Lullabies|Because someday, in one way or another, you will be taken from me or I you.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you live in light, you live under God’s rulership.
Nicholas Sparks|When we first met, I didn't want to get involved with anyone. I didn't have the time or energy, and I wasn't sure that I was ready for it. But you were so good to me, and I got swept up in that. And little by little, I found myself falling in love with you.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|The problems presented by difficult individuals contribute to your growth and evolution—another reason for ﬁlling yourself with gratitude, appreciation, and love!
Anthony Liccione|Manny has swung with many men, but many men never seen Manny's blissful swing.
Victoria Hislop, The Last Dance: And Other Stories|The parrot had a range of phrases. His own name ('Niko, Niko'), the name of his original owner and now 'Stavros'. Occasionally he would also say 'Panagia mou', which could be an expression of piety but also a gentle expletive, depending on how it was said. With the parrot it was hard to tell. It did not sound pious.
Victoria James|I closed my eyes and immediately I pictured Brooklyn’s full lips parted on a moan, her eyes glassy and her pupils dilated, her cheeks flushed and her body…her smoking body bared only for me.
John Stuart Mill, Autobiography|I have a hundred times heard him say, that all ages and nations have represented their gods as wicked, in a constantly increasing progression; that mankind have gone on adding trait after trait till they reached the most perfect conception of wickedness which the human mind could devise, and have called this God, and prostrated themselves before it.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|When words don't come easy, I make do with silence and find something in nothing." ~ Strider Marcus Jones, Poet
Tess Gerritsen, The Mephisto Club|I know there’s evil in the world, and there always has been. But you don’t need to believe in Satan or demons to explain it. Human beings are perfectly capable of evil all by themselves.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|In the chaos of sentiments and passions which defend a barricade, there is something of everything; there is bravery, youth, honor, enthusiasm, the ideal, conviction, the eager fury of the gamester, and above all, intervals of hope.
Anthony   North|Zeitgeist – spirit of the age. No such thing. Imposition by hierarchy. People rebel – & are marginalised; or follow, chained.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|There are places and spaces you will never see or know, unless you move NOW!!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|She had set out to break him, as if, unable to equal his value, she could surpass it by destroying it, as if the measure of his greatness would thus become the measure of hers, as if the vandal who smashed a statue were greater than the artist who had made it, as if the murderer who killed a child were greater than the mother who had given it birth.
Allyse Near, Fairytales for Wilde Girls|If you are happy, you can give happiness. If you don't love yourself and if you are unhappy with yourself, you can't give anything else but that.
Michael R. French, Once Upon a Lie|Our grief is not a cry for war."That's how New Yorkers feel," the driver said. "They know what bombing looks like, and they know the hell it is. But outside New York, people will feel guilty because they weren't here. They'll be yelling for revenge out of guilt and ignorance. Sure, we all want to catch the criminals, but only people who weren't in New York will want to bomb another country and repeat what happened here.
Caitlin Doughty, Smoke Gets in Your Eyes: And Other Lessons from the Crematory|Accepting death doesn't mean you won't be devastated when someone you love dies. It means you will be able to focus on your grief, unburdened by bigger existential questions like, "Why do people die?" and "Why is this happening to me?" Death isn't happening to you. Death is happening to us all.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...at morning, I'm unruffled - I'll sit with my tea and Muse Cat beside me and listen to the soft chime of the grandfather clock...
Sarah Huckabee Sanders|All my life, men have told me I wasn't pretty enough - even the men I was dating. And I'd be like, 'Well, why are you with me, then?' It's always been men putting me down just like my dad. To this day when someone says I'm cute, I can't see it. I don't see it no matter what anybody says.
Euginia Herlihy|If the whole world followed you, Followed to the letter,Tell me if it followed you,Would the world be better?
Toni Packer, The Work of This Moment|We know very well that we have ancestors. But our ancestors are not only human. We have animal ancestors; we have plant ancestors; and we have mineral ancestors. Our human ancestors are still very young. Human beings appeared very late in the history of life on Earth. Our animal ancestors are still there within us. The reptile, the fish, and the ape are still in our blood. Not only were they part of us in the past, but they continue to exist within us. Just look deeply into your cells. We see that we are the whole history of life.
Gloria Whelan, Summer of the War|Mark my words, you will rue this day, lament it in tears. You will come to me on your knees sobbing, begging for forgiveness. But I will tell you now and I will tell you then, you are on your own, Skyla.
Talib Kweli|To the best of my knowledge, none of the Beatles can read music.
Ashly Lorenzana|Fiction, if done right, can bridge cultural divides. Stories can be a footpath for a reader to step into another land and view its indigenous practices and beliefs through a local lens, instead of a telescope.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|I had a feeling that Pandora's box contained the mysteries of woman's sensuality, so different from a man's and for which man's language was so inadequate. The language of sex had yet to be invented. The language of the senses was yet to be explored.
Thomas A. Edison|...What I have denied and what my reason compels me to deny, is the existence of a Being throned above us as a god, directing our mundane affairs in detail, regarding us as individuals, punishing us, rewarding us as human judges might.When the churches learn to take this rational view of things, when they become true schools of ethics and stop teaching fables, they will be more effective than they are to-day... If they would turn all that ability to teaching this one thing – the fact that honesty is best, that selfishness and lies of any sort must surely fail to produce happiness – they would accomplish actual things. Religious faiths and creeds have greatly hampered our development. They have absorbed and wasted some fine intellects. That creeds are getting to be less and less important to the average mind with every passing year is a good sign, I think, although I do not wish to talk about what is commonly called theology.The criticisms which have been hurled at me have not worried me. A man cannot control his beliefs. If he is honest in his frank expression of them, that is all that can in justice be required of him. Professor Thomson and a thousand others do not in the least agree with me. His criticism of me, as I read it, charged that because I doubted the soul’s immortality, or ‘personality,’ as he called it, my mind must be abnormal, ‘pathological,’ in other, words, diseased... I try to say exactly what I honestly believe to be the truth, and more than that no man can do. I honestly believe that creedists have built up a mighty structure of inaccuracy, based, curiously, on those fundamental truths which I, with every honest man, must not alone admit but earnestly acclaim.I have been working on the same lines for many years. I have tried to go as far as possible toward the bottom of each subject I have studied. I have not reached my conclusions through study of traditions; I have reached them through the study of hard fact. I cannot see that unproved theories or sentiment should be permitted to have influence in the building of conviction upon matters so important. Science proves its theories or it rejects them. I have never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious theories of heaven and hell, of future life for individuals, or of a personal God. I earnestly believe that I am right; I cannot help believing as I do... I cannot accept as final any theory which is not provable. The theories of the theologians cannot be proved. Proof, proof! That is what I always have been after; that is what my mind requires before it can accept a theory as fact. Some things are provable, some things disprovable, some things are doubtful. All the problems which perplex us, now, will, soon or late, be solved, and solved beyond a question through scientific investigation. The thing which most impresses me about theology is that it does not seem to be investigating. It seems to be asserting, merely, without actual study....Moral teaching is the thing we need most in this world, and many of these men could be great moral teachers if they would but give their whole time to it, and to scientific search for the rock-bottom truth, instead of wasting it upon expounding theories of theology which are not in the first place firmly based. What we need is search for fundamentals, not reiteration of traditions born in days when men knew even less than we d
kodaline|Live life like there's no tomorrow, and never stop believing in yourself!
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|The gift of solo moments is that they are wholly ours. On or off the road, solo moments connect us inward to ourselves with heightened clarity and insight. They also direct our energies out into the world, magnetizing us to new people and experiences we may not have encountered under any other circumstance.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|And then . . . we’re going to get in my car.”I waited for him to elaborate on a destination. “And?”He gently kissed the nape of my neck. “What do you think?”I couldn’t help a small gasp of delight. “Oh, wow.”“I know, right? I was racking my brain for the best present ever, and then I realized that nothing was going to rock your world more than you and me in your favorite place in the entire world.”I swallowed. “I’m kind of embarrassed at how excited I am about that.” Never had I guessed my love of cars would play a role in my sex life. Eddie was right. Something had happened to me.“It’s okay, Sage. We’ve all got our turn-ons.”“You kind of ruined the surprise, though.”“Nah. It’s part of the gift: you getting to think about it for the next three days.
A.C. Ping, Be|Logically, you should go to school, get good grades, go to college, get a good degree, go into the workplace, then work hard and be happy. The only problem is that happiness isn't logical.
Guy Kawasaki|I genuinely believe that if you want to get in the film business, get in the film business.
Charles Bukowski, Mockingbird Wish Me Luck|I am too sick to lay downthe sidewalks frighten methe whole damned city frightens me,what I will becomewhat I have becomefrightens me.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|Nobody can define what exactly true love is. Some believe in it and many others don't. If somebody tries to define it, there will be many agreements and disagreements. Especially since nowadays marriages don't even last long anymore which encourages many to stay single. Faith and understanding in relationships is what many lack because it seems we've forgotten nothing and no one is perfect.
Eric Kripke|May your glass always be full, may there always be a roof over your head, and may you dirty sinners be in heaven a half hour before the devil knows you're dead.
K. Martin Beckner, Chips of Red Paint|And they fear nothing, and they respect nothing, the young don't.
Stephanie Pearl-McPhee|It turns out that knitting isn't about the yarn or the softness or needing a hat (although we really can't argue with these secondary motivators). It's really about this: Knitting is a magic trick. In this day and age, in a world where science and technology take more and more wonder and work out of our lives , and our planet is quickly becoming a place running out of magic, a knitter takes silly, useless string, mundane sticks, waves her hands around (many, many times...nobody said this was fast magic), and turns one thing into another: string into a hat, string into a sweater, string into a blanket for a baby. It really is a very reliable magic.
Mark W. Boyer|Whenever I'm running an hour late for for work, it always makes me feel better when I can leave an hour early at the end of the day to make up for it.
Warren Cuccurullo|When I do get time, I like to hike and I take lots of vitamins and powders to keep healthy.
Lain Ehmann, Snippets: Mostly True Tales from the Lighter Side of Scrapbooking|You don't have to signal a social conscience by looking like a frump. Lace knickers won't hasten the holocaust, you can ban the bomb in a feather boa just as well as without, and a mild interest in the length of hemlines doesn't necessarily disqualify you from reading Das Kapital and agreeing with every word.
Pattiann Rogers|Mothers,fathers,our kind,tell me again that death doesn't matter.Tell me it's just a limitation of vision ,a fold of landscape,a deep flax-and-poppy-filled gully hidden on the hill, pleat in our perception a somersault of existence,natural,even beneficent even a gift,the only key to the red-lacquered door at the end of the hall,"water within water," those old stories.
Matt Taibbi, Griftopia: Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Con That Is Breaking America|To sum it all up, the [Ayn] Rand belief system looks like this:1. Facts are facts: things can be absolutely right or absolutely wrong, as determined by reason.2. According to my reasoning, I am absolutely right.3. Charity is immoral.4. Pay for your own fucking schools.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|(memory is) A strange echo, which stores its replicas according to some other acoustic than consciousness or expectation.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|The abandonment came, and now this shabby bacchanal.
Erik Pevernagie|Things as they appear every day and as they are engraved in our memory, facts and occurrences as they are perceived by senses, create an intricate labyrinth in the mind. The way how things are experienced in our environment and how they react in the arsenal of our imagination, creates a torrent of inspiring ideas that flood the speedy highways of our brains. ( " Labyrinth of the mind " )
