Jacques Lacan|When we expand our thinking, we expand who we are as human beings: the perspective from which we view the world, and the concepts and values we use to guide our choices.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Create hell and people will be impatient to get there, just out of curiosity
Warren Buffett|I do know that when I am 60, I should be attempting to achieve different personal goals than those which had priority at age 20.
G.K. Chesterton|England and the English governing class never did call on this absurd deity of race until it seemed, for an instant, that they had no other god to call on… the truth of the whole matter is very simple. Nationality exists, and has nothing in the world to do with race. Nationality is a thing like a church or a secret society. It is the product of the human soul and will; it is a spiritual product. And there are men… who would think anything and do anything rather than admit anything could be a spiritual product.
David Weber, Oath of Swords|Many of my readers are women and some of them email me their thoughts about the stories I’ve written. Almost all of them find a delicious pleasure in being totally frightened by the strange and dark side of life. Perhaps it’s because horror books are an escape from our sometimes-mundane lives? Or could it be that many of us actually do have a private darker side that we like to explore secretly through books, movies and music?
Thomas Ligotti, Teatro Grottesco|In our hallway, ablaze with welcoming lights, my Lolita peeled off her sweater, shook her gemmed hair, stretched towards me two bare arms, raised one knee:“Carry me upstairs, please. I feel sort of romantic tonight.”It may interest physiologists to learn, at this point, that I have the ability - a most singular case, I presume - of shedding torrents of tears throughout the other tempest.
Jorge Enrique Ponce, Grounded: The Untold Story of Peter Pan & Captain Hook|Faith was certain they were breaking several telecommunications laws. Laws that in some states might well count as pornography and probably carried a mandatory prison sentence. Faith was a law abiding citizen. She prided herself on that. She didn’t litter, she didn’t cheat on her taxes and she gave up her seat for little old ladies and gentlemen on the bus. She’d never even jaywalked. 	And she lived in New York for Christ’s sake! 	But then his hand reached down and fondled his balls.
Avery Flynn, Trouble on Tap|The elevator doors had barely shut before Olivia's fingers were at the buckle of the belt cinching the waist of her trench dress. Drunk on his nearness, she ignored the security camera in the ceiling. It didn't mean a damn thing. Hell, who was she kidding? She was the wild Sweet triplet, the one voted most likely to do anything, and all she wanted to do right now was Mateo.
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|I say good-bye to hope, but I also say good-bye to hope's disappointment.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|We Are The Salt Of The Earth, We should Add Godly Flavour to People's Lives via Our Words
Andrew Solomon, Far from the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity|Why did you do it? Give up everything to raise another man's son?'His father did look up at that. 'I didn't raise another man's son,' he said sharply. 'I raised my own.
Nike Thaddeus|If you're the only one that can see the genius in you, It's best you revisit the drawing board.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|This was the danger of sharing your dreams with your parents. If you told them you wanted to learn to play the guitar, all they heard you say was, “I want to learn to play the guitar,” and then they found some practical, convenient, cheap way, often involving a church basement, for you to do it. But Hector had not come up with any plan of his own. And owning a guitar seemed like an important stepping stone on the way to being a guitar player. So he pawned his soul and said he would take the lessons from the Presbyterian youth minister. What the hell, he thought. Or heck, he thought. What the heck.
Todd Stocker|You don't sell the product, you sell the philosophy. When you sell a product, you have customers, when you sell a philosophy, you have believers.
Isak Dinesen, Out of Africa|It is an alarming experience to be, in your person, representing Christianity to the natives.
Ronald A. Heifetz, The Practice of Adaptive Leadership: Tools and Tactics for Changing Your Organization and the World|If you find what you do each day seems to have no link to any higher purpose, you probably want to rethink what you're doing.
Angela Schwindt|While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
Lemony Snicket, The Austere Academy|Today I introduced myself to my very own Heart,In silent agony, after all these years it bled apart.
Xiaolu Guo, Twenty Fragments of a Ravenous Youth|When art as an expression starts to appear, without prompting, all over the suburbs and villages of this country, what we are saying is: we are confident enough to create our own living, our own entertainment, our own aesthetic. Such an aesthetic will not be donated to us from the corridors of a university; or from the Ministry of Culture, or by the French Cultural Centre. It will come from the individual creations of a thousand creative people
Cecelia Ahern|You don't realize - the great thing about change is how quickly we get used to it. So I'm not complaining. the more things change,the more they don't stay the same. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. They might not change everywhere all at once - but there are moments when the impossible becomes the inevitable, and the rest is just a matter of time.
Drea Damara, Chasing Vengeance|Sometimes we call what we do not understand primitive, sometimes magic. Each of us has a perspective to which we are attached. We only understand the other in relation to what we already know, but by believing, sympathising, even empathising, sometimes we can see beyond the limits of our knowledge. The alternative is to ignore or to attack.
Andrew-Knox B Kaniki|It may take years of struggle and confession, battle and failure. The places in my life where I struggle with deadly sins are matters of a decade or more of focus, repentance, shame, and grace. I’ve traveled some long roads simply to lessen the depth of some of my failures and addictions — just to get to a place where I can receive fresh grace and encouragement.
Brandy Nacole, Deep in the Hollow|Whoa... don't go freaking out on me yet," he says with a smile, a smile I'm starting to have a real like and hate relationship with.
Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters|She remembered one of her boyfriends asking, offhandedly, how many books she read in a year. "A few hundred," she said."How do you have the time?" he asked, gobsmacked.She narrowed her eyes and considered the array of potential answers in front of her. Because I don't spend hours flipping through cable complaining there's nothing on? Because my entire Sunday is not eaten up with pre-game, in-game, and post-game talking heads? Because I do not spend every night drinking overpriced beer and engaging in dick-swinging contests with the other financirati? Because when I am waiting in line, at the gym, on the train, eating lunch, I am not complaining about the wait/staring into space/admiring myself in reflective surfaces? I am reading!"I don't know," she said, shrugging.
Angelica Hopes|There is no reason to contain your positive thoughts, words and emotions and many reasons to control your negative ones. Are you making the right choices?
Lorraine Koh, Pop Rock Love|She ran from the shame, slammed his door behind her and ran, away from the pain and the moment when he had been so close to her mouth he could have kissed her, the thought that made her feel like her heart would burst.
Thomas Harris, Red Dragon|In making friends, she was wary of people who foster dependency and feed on it. She had been involved with a few--the blind attract them, and they are the enemy.
Helen Oyeyemi, White is for Witching|The way a man drinks in company tells you nothing about him, but the way he drinks when alone reveals, without his realizing it, the very depths of his soul.
Roseanne Barr|My parents were divorced when I was a young teenager, and I was raised by a single mother after that. So, I understand the difficulties that families have. I understand single parenting.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|When we start to realize how amazing God's story is, a question naturally arises: "Who am I that I should get to be a part of the greatest story ever told?
Theophilus London|I get up every morning early, when the sky is red, and write for 10 hours.
Auliq Ice|Facebook is that successful guy you’re supposed to want to date, but you can’t keep your mind off the beautiful freak in the corner. Twitter is my freak.
Stacy Snapp-Killian aka StacyK|144461I know very little having to do with human beings that doesn't also have to do with connection. We want to be noticed, we want to be good enough, we want friends, and we want to be loved. We want our place to stand.
Dorothea Brande|I never see failure as failure, but only as the game I must play and win.
Roger Bacon|Your law may be perfect, your knowledge of human affairs may be such as to enable you to apply it with wisdom and skill, and yet without individual acquaintance with men, their haunts and habits, the pursuit of the profession becomes difficult, slow, and expensive.
A.S. Byatt, The Biographer's Tale|GhostsTake shape under moonlight,materialize in dreams.Shadows. Silhouettesof what is no more. Butghosts don'tbother me. The day bringsbigger things to worry aboutthan flimsy remains ofyesterday. No, spooks don'tscare me.Gauzy apparitions mightprank your psyche oragitate your nightmares,but lackingflesh and bloodthey are powerlessto hurt you-cannot hopeto inflict the kind of damagethat real, livepeople do.
Ranata Suzuki|Though these words will never find you, I hope that you knew I was thinking of you today….. and that I was wishing you every happiness.Love Always,The girl you loved once.
Ellen DeGeneres, My Point... And I Do Have One|Have you ever heard somebody sing some lyrics that you've never sung before, and you realize you've never sung the right words in that song? You hear them and all of a sudden you say to yourself, 'Life in the Fast Lane?' That's what they're saying right there? You think, 'why have I been singing 'wipe in the vaseline?' how many people have heard me sing 'wipe in the vaseline?' I am an idiot.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden and Other Writings|Knowledge does not come to us by details, but in flashes of light from heaven.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is your greatest asset, fear is your greatest liability, and joy is your greatest reward.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The moment we understand life, we will begin to live.
Thomas Jefferson|I find friendship to be like wine, raw when new, ripened with age, the true old man's milk and restorative cordial.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive strength, positive action.
Sadeqa Johnson, And Then There Was Me|I tried to hold fire once...see from a distance it mesmerized me captivated me for hours at a timeThe more it danced with the wind, I felt my body sway to its rhythm I tried to hold fire onceIt's glow drew me in closerAnd although I know full well the damage that fire can do...Staring directly at it, I know it's beauty tooIt's warmth was now on my face and I couldn't imagine being in any other placeI reached out with my bare hands & it danced even moreAnd suddenly I felt it's heat deep within my coreRising like a volcano ready to eruptBut somehow balanced & purposefulI tried to hold fire once until I realized that fire held me Passionately and I was it's guiding force. If you look close enough, you'll see it dancing in my eyes, feel it in my touch, even hear it in my voice...but don't ever forget that fire consumes and cannot be contained so I must master my energetic output to control the flames.
Tori Carrington, You Sexy Thing!|Better to have you curse me for giving you too much freedom, than have you blame me for bad decisions that may or may not have come as a result of my advice.
Elvia Alvarado, Don't Be Afraid, Gringo|This is a nation of inconsistencies. The Puritans fleeing from oppression became oppressors. We fought England for our liberty and put chains on four million of blacks. We wiped out slavery and our tariff laws and national banks began a system of white wage slavery worse than the first. Wall Street owns the country. It is no longer a government of the people, by the people, and for the people, but a government of Wall Street, by Wall Street, and for Wall Street. The great common people of this country are slaves, and monopoly is the master.
Rebecca McNutt|Growing up in the digital age, I'm expected to embrace all forms of modern technology with blissful ignorance. Books were always one of few escapes from this, because reading a book means not having to look at another damned glowing screen - which is why, no matter how "convenient" or "enhanced" digital enthusiasts claim that Ebooks are, I'll never see them as real books. They're just files of binary data, and while they might be considered books by a large amount of people, Ebooks have lost the human quality that real books have. You can argue that this is pretentious or stupid or nostalgic, but ultimately what will you pass down to your children and grandchildren? A broken old Kindle device with the same files that millions of other people have, or the dog-eared paperbacks that you fell in love with and wrote your name in and got signed by the author and flipped through in the bookstore and kept with you for years, like an old friend?
Thomas Pynchonchon, Gravity's Rainbow|For now, we live in the mall, but I think it's closing soon.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|Although we presume that we act because of the way we feel, in fact we often feel because of the way we act.
Robert Louis Stevenson, A Christmas Sermon|The Patriots had picked Brady in the sixth round, and he soon turned out to be one of the two or three best quarterbacks in the League, and absolutely perfect for the Belichick system and for the team's offense. So, as the team continued to make a series of very good calls on other player personnel choices, there was a general tendency to talk about how brilliant Pioli and Belichick were, and to regard Pioli as the best young player personnel man in the League. Just to remind himself not to believe all the hype and that he could readily have screwed up on that draft, Pioli kept on his desk a photo of Brady, along with a photo of the team's fifth-round traft choice, the man he had taken ahead of Brady: Dave Stachelski. He was a Tight End from Boise State who never a played a down for New England. Stachelski was taken with the 141st pick, Brady with the 199th one. 'If I was so smart,' Pioli liked to say, 'I wouldn't have risked an entire round of the draft in picking Brady.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want the waves to touch you softly, have a walk on the sea coasts; if you want the life to touch you softly, have a walk on the reason’s coasts, because reason is a shield that softens the strokes of life!
Rebecca Zanetti|His gaze swept her head to toe. “You’re wearing my colors, love.” He stalked forward and leaned down to brush her cheek with a kiss. “Soon you’ll be wearing me,” he whispered for her ears only.
Dave Harvey|God in His sovereign goodness often uses the painful and at times debilitating injury of a spear thrower to make us readier for His service. ... One thing you discover about spear throwers is that though it’s not necessary for them to be good, it’s essential for them to appear good.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Sometimes, getting comfortable with the circumstance is the only preparation you need to deal with it.
Garrett Hardin|Why are ecologists and environmentalists so feared and hated? This is because in part what they have to say is new to the general public, and the new is always alarming.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|[Concerning postmodernism:] The aim of this experimental history is to disturb the ontological security of modern identity and hence to provoke the possibility of otherness through exposition of the cultural difference concealed by, and within, the order of modern rationalism.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Breathing Room|I finally figured out that not every crisis can be managed. As much as we want to keep ourselves safe, we can't protect ourselves from everything. If we want to embrace life, we also have to embrace chaos.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Smoking is neither an art nor a sport. Better to liberate yourself before the body retaliates, for its vengeance would be a furious blow enthused out of all the bygone years' mercy you thanklessly thought you were entitled to.
Tori Spelling|I had a great AP U.S. History teacher in Pittsburgh. We still exchange Christmas cards. She was the first teacher who said I was a good writer - and I'd never heard that before. And so I remember that, and I remember that level of loving the material and really loving writing about it.
Barack Obama|Reason is the beheaded king, emotion the slave revolt
Laura Lam, Pantomime|The circus had been unlike anything I could ever imagine and I could not walk away. I wanted to be a part of the magic, create it and wield it with such skill that it looked effortless. I wanted to fly.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|When I came to again—parched, pain rampaging through my intestines—I was in my bed. The little bedside lamp illuminated two anxious faces, my sister’s and Mrs. P.’s (the latter looking a shade guilty, I noted, no doubt realizing that it was effectively through her negligence that I had been forced to poison myself) [. . .] “I think he has eaten many kidney beans.” Mrs. P. shuddered. “Many kidney beans not cooked.” “Beans!” I cried again deliriously. “Oh for heaven’s sake,” Bel said. “Charles, listen carefully, did you soak the beans before you cooked them?” “Of course I didn’t soak them,” I said. “What are you talking about?
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|I have a sure knowledge that Thanks are the highest form of thought, and that true gratitude brings unbounded happiness doubled by miracles.
Osho, Learning to Silence the Mind: Wellness Through Meditation|Remember, whenever you have two things, two alternatives, choose the new one, choose the harder, choose the one in which more awareness will be needed.
Terri Windling|This is what the path of Dharma is like. It's not that you have to do all the practices. It is sufficient to take just one of them, whichever one you really have an affinity with, and through practicing that one alone, for the rest of your life, you will achieve enlightenment. Whichever practice you choose doesn't matter; they are all valid methods for achieving enlightenment—if you practice. The key is to practice with diligence for the rest of your life.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, The Tiny Book of Tiny Stories, Vol. 2|Mapmaker mapmakermake me a mapone to one scale, without a single gap.Map every rock,every thought, every treeand erase all the territory.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Just because something bears the aspect of the inevitable one should not, therefore, go along willingly with it.
R. Alan Woods|Oh goodness infinite, goodness immense!That all this good of evil shall produce,And evil turn to good; more wonderfulThan that which by creation first brought forthLight out of darkness! Full of doubt I stand,Whether I should repent me now of sinBy me done, and occasioned; or rejoiceMuch more, that much more good thereof shall spring;To God more glory, more good-will to menFrom God, and over wrath grace shall abound.
Chuck Klosterman, Fargo Rock City: A Heavy Metal Odyssey in Rural North Dakota|It might sound chauvinistic, but there is a sad reality in rock music: Bands who depend on support from females inevitably crash and burn.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|You greatest gift is who you are, not just what you do.
Eraldo Banovac|In my opinion, the author-level metric can distort a real author's citation impact. For example, an author who has an h-index = 2 obtained on the basis of two published papers of which each is cited twenty times is more influential than an author who has an h-index = 3 obtained on the basis of three published papers of which each is cited three times.
Noorilhuda, Catharsis|If you can get to be you, why can't I get to be me?
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|I want to tell you why poetry is worth thinking about - from time to time. Not all the time. Sometimes it's a much better idea to think about other things.Most of us have a short period of intense thinking about poetry, when we take a class in college, and then that's about it. And that's really all you need. One intense time, when you master your little heap of names - Andrew Marvel, Muriel Rukeyser, Christina Rosetti, Hardy, Auden, Bishop, Marvin Bell, Ted Hughes, John Hollander, Nicholas Christopher, Deborah Garrison, whoever, James Wright, Selima Hill, Troy Jollimore. Whoever they may be. Every so often you remember them. If you've memorised some poems, the poems will raise a glimmering finger in your memory once in a while, and that's very nice, as long as you keep it to yourself. Never recite. Please! If you recite, your listeners will look down and play with their cuticles. They will not like you. But sometimes if you quote just a phrase in passing, that can work. Like this: "As Selima Hill says: 'A really good fuck makes me feel like custard.
Andrew Solomon|Hester, meanwhile, says we should live all of life back to front. We should be born old and age younger. Our baptism should be a ritual of our funeral. We should die as infants, content in our mothers' arms, having lost all our learning and all sense of disappointment. If only we could die, she says, not knowing we'd ever grieved.
Kishore Bansal|Tears is the voice of heart in pain, in absence of feelings one don't care what you share.
Mary  Stewart, The Moonspinners|Houses are like books: so many of them around you, yet you only look at a few and visit or reside in fewer still.
Simone de Beauvoir, Prime of Life|To be oneself, simply oneself, is so amazing and utterly unique an experience that it's hard to convince oneself so singular a thing happens to everybody.
Chandan Sharma|People who say they don't have time, in fact have no plans to do anything.
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|The bird which has no knowledge of pure water, has his beak in salt water all year round.
Sarah Hall|If you want to kill yourself, kill what you don’t like. I had an old self that I killed. You can kill yourself too, but that doesn’t mean you got to stop living."-Vargus, Archie’s Final Project
Lawren Harris, The Best of the Group of Seven|The source of our art then is not in the achievements of other artists in other days and lands, although it has learned a great deal from these, our art is founded on a long and growing love and understanding of the North in an ever clearer experience of oneness with the informing spirit of the whole land and a strange brooding sense of Mother Nature fostering a new race and a new age... So the Canadian artist was drawn North.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|The jury’s still out on your level of intellect. After all, you signed up with Evil Incorporated in the first place.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I recalled that inward sensation I had experienced: for I could recall it, with all its unspeakable strangeness. I recalled the voice I had heard; again I questioned whence it came, as vainly as before: it seemed in ME--not in the external world. I asked was it a mere nervous impression--a delusion? I could not conceive or believe: it was more like an inspiration. The wondrous shock of feeling had come like the earthquake which shook the foundations of Paul and Silas's prison; it had opened the doors of the soul's cell and loosed its bands--it had wakened it out of its sleep, whence it sprang trembling, listening, aghast; then vibrated thrice a cry on my startled ear, and in my quaking heart and through my spirit, which neither feared nor shook, but exulted as if in joy over the success of one effort it had been privileged to make, independent of the cumbrous body.
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|What strange creatures we are, to find silence peaceful, when permanent silence is the thing we most dread
Jeffrey Tucker|Even the richest person, provided the riches comes from mutually beneficial exchange, does not need to give anything "back" to the community, because this person took nothing out of the community. Indeed, the reverse is true: Enterprises give to the community. Their owners take huge risks, and front the money for investment, precisely with the goal of serving others. Their riches are signs that they have achieved their aims.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|But the very fact that this world is so challenging is exactly why you sometimes must reach out of its jurisdiction for help, appealing to a higher authority in order to find your comfort.
Joyce Maynard, The Usual Rules|Ten years from now, her mother might not even recognize her. Already she was different, but the day would come when she'd be this person her mother had never seen. There would be other people - someone like Carolyn or Alan, or even Violet - who had known her longer than her mother ever did.
Jason Alexander|Me and Matt love to argue, but in general our sense of humor is pretty much alike.
Colin Bateman, Mystery Man|If you dwell in the darkness, you can see in the dark and look into the light. But in choosing the darkness, you know you are destined to walk alone.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Sit with me, and I'll not be alone.Hold my hand, and I'll not feel alone.Cry with me, and I'll no longer suffer alone.
Dean Koontz|She came out of her reverie with a deep sigh and looked at him with a dreamy gaze of a soul that had been wandering afar, star-led.
Ellen Schreiber, The Coffin Club|What is he?”“I can’t puzzle it out. He doesn’t have horns, pointed ears—or apparently a need to eat. He does have small fangs, but he also sports a tan line.”“You checked? Natalya, you durrrty bitch.”“Hey, I had to determine if he was a blood sucker or not. Now I don’t know what to think.
Calvin Trillin|I genuinely liked all of the cast members very much. Steve had a wicked sense of humor. I remember Russell coming to my rescue, once. I watched Eric evolve before everyone's eyes. Maurice loved what he did, so. He treated his character with respect, down to the costuming.
Janine Benyus|As the world's 'most dynamic' cities seek to manage their own urban growth, American state and local officials have much to offer. Our mayors can share their experiences in urban design, clean energy projects, Smart Grids, codes for energy efficient buildings, transportation safety, and innovative environmental solutions.
Lucy Score, Mr. Fixer Upper|Fine. It’s your life, but—” “But you’re still going to tell me what to do?” he asked, a small smile on his lips. She went into defense mode at his amused tone. “Well, I’m sure as hell not going to be quiet about it.” “Duly noted,” he said dryly. “And for the record? I never want you to be quiet, Elle.
William Shatner|The attitude of the Democrat Party is that wherever there are Republicans they are so bad, they are so discriminatory, they are so racist, they're so bigoted, they're just such reprobates that we can't afford to let them have any say whatsoever in what's happening.
Annie Dillard|An anchorite’s hermitage is called an anchor-hold; some anchor-holds were simple sheds clamped to the side of a church like a barnacle to a rock. I think of this house clamped to the side of Tinker Creek as an anchor-hold. It holds me at anchor to the rock bottom of the creek itself and keeps me steadied in the current, as a sea anchor does, facing the stream of light pouring down. It’s a good place to live; there’s a lot to think about. The creeks are an active mystery, fresh every minute. Theirs is the mystery of the continuous creation and all that providence implies: the uncertainty of vision, the horror of the fixed, the dissolution of the present, the intricacy of beauty, the pressure of fecundity, the elusiveness of the free, and the flawed nature of perfection. The mountains are a passive mystery, the oldest of them all. Theirs is the simple mystery of creation from nothing, of matter itself, anything at all, the given. Mountains are giant, restful, absorbent. You can heave your spirit into a mountain and the mountain will keep it, folded, and not throw it back as some creeks will. The creeks are the world with all its stimulus and beauty; I live there. But the mountains are home.
Ryan Gosling|When the courts decide that murderers, rapists, and others who maliciously break our social contract deserve health care that most working Americans can't afford, they are condemning good people to death.
Masaharu Morimoto|I've got big, big dreams for the future.
Jodi Lynn Anderson|What you're going to do is apologize to Lucian. My f**k partner, my lover, my protector. And my best friend. Right now."?
Alex London, Proxy|He wondered if anyone really ever changed, or if stuff just piled on and on, covering up, but never erasing all the different parts. How deep would you have to dig to find who you started out as?
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|O sky above me, you modest, glowing sky! O you, my happiness before sunrise! Day is coming: so let us part!
Albert Brooks|Self-awareness is the most overrated trick in the book. More than ambition, more than free will, more than getting on to the property ladder early. Right now I should be at the Little Hills, you probably just call them the Hills, right?
Thomas Cathcart, Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar: Understanding Philosophy Through Jokes|Sorting out what's good and bad is the province of ethics. It is also what keeps priests, pundits, and parents busy. Unfortunately, what keeps children and philosophers busy is asking the priests, pundits and parents, "Why?
Richelle Mead, Soundless|Throughout our youth, whenever we had a dispute, Li Wei and I would apologize to each other by exchanging gifts. Mine would be in the form of drawings, crudely done with whatever natural supplies I could find. His would always be carvings. There was only one time the exchange didn't happen, the day I told him I was accepting the apprentice position and would never be able to marry him.
Fiona Archer, Chloe's Double Draw|A cage stokes our emotions and imaginations, regardless of whether you are inside looking out, or outside looking in.
Orna Ross, After The Rising|If you can't change your mind, you can't change anything.
Jennifer Saunders|'Halal in the Family' will expose a broad audience to some of the realities of being Muslim in America. By using satire, we will encourage people to reconsider their assumptions about Muslims, while providing a balm to those experiencing anti-Muslim bias. I also hope those Uncles and Aunties out there will crack a smile!
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I am seldom otherwise than happy while watching in the chamber of death... . I see a repose that neither earth nor hell can break, and I feel an assurance of the endless and shadowless hereafter--the Eternity they have entered--where life is boundless in its duration, and love in its sympathy, and joy in its fulness.
Thomas Jefferson|Every day we have plenty of opportunities to get angry, stressed or offended. But what you're doing when you indulge these negative emotions is giving something outside yourself power over your happiness. You can choose to not let little things upset you.
J.L. Sheppard, Demon King's Desire|If you love her as much as you claim you do, why can’t you let her be happy? She’s made her choice,” Lucas asked.“It’s because I love her that I’m trying to protect her from you. I could give her a better life in the heavens, away from danger,” Clyde fired back.Lucas chuckled, further maddening Clyde. “Maybe you could give her a better life, but you don’t love her. You know nothing of love, angel. If she chose you, I’d let her go because I love her. Above my needs come hers. That’s love.
Eric Clapton|I found my God in music and the arts, with writers like Hermann Hesse, and musicians like Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, and Little Walter. In some way, in some form, my God was always there, but now I have learned to talk to him.
Umberto Eco|I like the notion of stubborn incuriosity. To cultivate a stubborn incuriosity, you have to limit yourself to certain areas of knowledge. You cannot be totally greedy. You have to oblige yourself not to learn everything. Or else you will learn nothing.
Jenni Ferrari-Adler, Alone in the Kitchen with an Eggplant : Confessions of Cooking for One and Dining Alone|I cannot go any further without mentioning my favourite biscuit of all time, now sadly, tragically, extinct. The oaty, crumbly, demerara notes of the long-forgotten Abbey Crunch will remain forever on my lips. I loved the biscuit as much as anything I have ever eaten, and often, in moments of solitude, I still think about its warm, buttery, sugary self.
Melinda Cross|Cassie fumbled helplessly beneath the shade of the ancient oak, still searching for her second shoe.The first had been easy to find, having landed close to where she had kicked it off; and when her hand had finally encountered it, she clutched it to her breast in a gesture of smug triumph. For one brief moment, she felt a twinge of sympathy for the sighted people who would never experience such sweet victory from a task as simple as finding a shoe.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Wet milling (to produce starch) is an energy-intensive way to make food; for every calorie of processed food it produces, another ten calories of fossil fuel energy are burned.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without adversity, we will not have seen the sweetness of God’s splendid.
DeWayne Owens|A crisp, clean $100 bill that is crumbled up, thrown to the ground, stepped on and rubbed in the dirt still maintains its value.Life may crumble you, throw you to the ground, step on you and rub you in the dirt, but you still maintain your value.Just as a crumbled up $100 bill still has purchasing power, your life still has purposeful power; and nothing or no one can ever take that away from you.
Sebastian Junger, War|Each Javelin round costs $80,000, and the idea that it's fired by a guy who doesn't make that in a year at a guy who doesn't make that in a lifetime is somehow so outrageous it almost makes the war seem winnable.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|The greatest work of Art, is life. The greatest calling, lifting, sharing that Art. May these hands, this heart, complete its work,mixed in company,and laughter,within the capsule of time gifted,on the canvas one may fill.
Lucy Christopher|When two people love each other as we do, no one can come between them, no one," I said, amazed at the words I was uttering without preparation. "Lovers like us, because they know that nothing can destroy their love, even on the worst days, even when they are heedlessly hurting each other in the cruelest , most deceitful ways, still carry in their hearts a consolation that never abandons them." (p.191)
Pablo Casals|In music, in the sea, in a flower, in a leaf, in an act of kindness... I see what people call God in all these things.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|So you can speak, can you? Well, that’s going to stand you out from the rest of the crowd, isn’t it? No. Sorry, my boy. The ability to speak does not a salesman make
Brunonia Barry, The Fifth Petal|After that, we were like flies stuck in honey, alive but not really living.
Adam Yauch|China, frankly, can be an opportunity for Africa based on the huge infrastructure deficit on the continent, but what needs to happen is that governments and citizens have to build internal ownership of the need of good governance, transparency, accountability, for respect for the environment.
Norman Schwarzkopf|Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Religious fundamentalism, magical thinking and self-delusion, have been justifications for some of the most horrific atrocities in human history.
Marian Deegan, Relevance: Matter More|There is no such thing as phD in swag. Only uni. After learning the principles of swag, one must do their own individual trainibg to increase horizons of their 4 elements of swag. Then comes controlling the swag count that's is released from within.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|At a higher level you are influenced by deity and the spiritual. Even atheism is based on the belief that there is no God or gods, without deity-acknowledging religion it has no foundation or basis. What is your divine influence, doctrine and reservoir of inspiration to tackle or create the tangible out of the realm of the unseen and the spiritual?
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|Max.God, but she was stubborn. And tough. And closed in. Closed off. Except whenshe was holding Angel, or ruffling the Gasman’s hair, or pushing somethingcloser to Iggy’s hand so he could find it easily without knowing anyone hadhelped him. Or when she was trying to untangle Nudge’s mane of hair.Or-sometimes-when she was looking at Fang.He shifted on the hard ground, a half-dozen flashes of memory cyclingthrough his brain. Max looking at him and laughing. Max leaping off a cliff,snapping out her wings, flying off, so incredibly powerful and graceful thatit took his breath away.Max punching someone’s lights out, her face like stone.Max kissing that weiner Sam on Anne’s front porch.Gritting his teeth, Fang rolled onto his side.Max kissing him on the beach, after Ari had kicked Fang’s butt.Just now, her mouth soft under his.He wished she were here, if not next to him, then somewhere in the cave, sohe could hear her breathing.It was going to be hard to sleep without that tonight.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The best couples share the load, divide the grief, and add to the peace, thereby multiplying joy.
Michael Shermer, Why Darwin Matters: The Case Against Intelligent Design|The material you work with is that which you will come to resemble. That which you work against will always work against you, including yourself.
Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven|If you do not apologize to Lady Honoria,” Marcus said, his voice so mild as to be terrifying, “I will kill you.”There was a collective gasp, and Daisy faked a swoon, sliding elegantly into Iris, who promptly stepped aside and let her hit the floor.“Oh, come now,” Mr. Grimston said. “Surely it won’t come to pistols at dawn.”“I’m not talking about a duel,” Marcus said. “I mean I will kill you right here.
Kevin O'Leary|Monarchs ought to put to death the authors and instigators of war, as their sworn enemies and as dangers to their states.
C.S. Lewis|Tonight all the hells of young grief have opened again; the mad words, the bitter resentment, the fluttering in the stomach, the nightmare unreality, the wallowed-in tears. For in grief nothing ‘stays put.’ One keeps on emerging from a phase, but it always recurs. Round and round. Everything repeats.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Fundamentals of Level 5 Leadership and Servant Leadership|Whether it be in the sun, the rain, or the snow,You should always have fun, wherever you go.Think of all the amusing things you can do,To bring much laughter and happiness too.
Nicholas Sparks, The Longest Ride|In some indefinable way he felt drawn to her, as if he already knew her, as if they had been close friends, soulmates even, somewhere in a previous existence. Her mere presence seemed to calm his thoughts, saving him from the vicissitudes of his mind. She appeared before him as familiar, a kindred spirit. Perhaps it was something in her face, her eyes. She seemed to know . . . what, exactly, he was not sure. She seemed to understand. Or rather, he had detected in her the capacity to understand.
Sophia Amoruso|Basically, discipline, effort, patience and courage are hugely important core values for kids to grow up embracing.
Joyce Meyer, Battlefield of the Mind: Winning the Battle in Your Mind|So long as authority inspires awe, confusion and absurdity enhance conservative tendencies in society. Firstly, because clear and logical thinking leads to a cumulation of knowledge (of which the progress of the natural sciences provides the best example) and the advance of knowledge sooner or later undermines the traditional order. Confused thinking, on the other hand, leads nowhere in particular and can be indulged indefinitely without producing any impact upon the world.
Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You|Yeah, about that,” says Peeta, entwining his fingers in mine. “Don’t try something like that again.” “Or what?” I ask. “Or . . . or . . .” He can’t think of anything good. “Just give me a minute.
Diane Lane|I'm 19 now, and I go to The New School in New York, where I study Criminal Psychology. My first week of second semester was during Fashion Week when my first editorials in 'CR Fashion Book' and 'Sports Illustrated' came out. It was crazy!
Polykarp Kusch|If I don't tell it all now, the story in the history books will always be imperfect and that would be wrong.
Emanuel Swedenborg|People are unaware that spirits even exist, let alone that angels are present with them.
Paul P. Enns, Heaven Revealed: What Is It Like? What Will We Do?... And 11 Other Things You've Wondered About|You can grieve for me the week before I die, if I’m scared and hurting, but when I gasp that last fleeting breath and my immortal soul flees to heaven, I’m going to be jumping over fire hydrants down the golden streets, and my biggest concern, if I have any, will be my wife back here grieving. When I die, I will be identified with Christ’s exaltation. But right now, I’m identified with His affliction.
Sarah Addison Allen, Lost Lake|She opened her eyes slowly and saw that a pale lavender moth had come to a rest on the back of her hand. She watched it from her pillow, wondering if it was real. It reminded her of her husband Matt's favorite T-shirt, which she'd hidden in a bag of sewing, unable to throw it away. It had a large faded moth on the front, the logo of a cover band out of Athens called the Mothballs.That T-shirt, that moth, always brought back a strange memory of when she was a child. She used to draw tattoos of butterflies on her arms with Magic Markers. She would give them names, talk to them, carefully fill in their colors when they started to fade. When the time came that they wanted to be set free, she would blow on them and they would come to life, peeling away from her skin and flying away.
H.P. Lovecraft, Old Bugs|I am a student of life, and don't want to miss any experience. There's poetry in this sort of thing, you know--or perhaps you don't know, but it's all the same.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|Dr Urbino did not agree: in his opinion a Liberal president was exactly the same as a Conservative president, but not as well dressed.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|I run after her, not really giving chase. I’m running because I can, because I must.Because I want to see how far I can go before I have to stop.
Ron Tomanio, Diane Iverson, Phyllis Ring|Prayer's value is not that it makes challenges go away,but that it changes my perception and experience within them.~ Life at First Sight: Finding the Divine in the Details
Meghan O'Rourke|What had happened still seemed implausible. A person was present your entire life, and then one day she disappeared and never came back. It resisted belief.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|And they were quiet but their blood and nerves and butterflies were not—they were rampantly alive, rushing and thrumming in a wild and perfect melody, matched note for note.
Orrin Woodward|People fail 2 ways: 1) don't know what to do 2) don't do what they know; therefore, great leaders must educate and inspire.
Chesty Puller|One must be convinced to convince, to have enthusiasm to stimulate the others.
Shungiku Nakamura, 中村 春菊|No matter how much you feel it in your heart, if you don't tell the person then it's meaningless.
Laurene Powell Jobs|I was chubby in high school. I used to go to my information technology class, and I would type really fast to get the lesson done quick because the teacher had a little acoustic guitar, and there was a girl I had a crush on in the class. I would take the guitar and pretend to be some great singer-songwriter, serenade her with joke songs.
Steven Erikson, The Bonehunters|Save your explanations, I got some questions for you first and you'd better answer them!' [slurred Hellian.] 'With what?' [Banaschar] sneered. 'Explanations?' 'No. Answers. There's a difference-' 'Really? How? What difference?' 'Explanations are what people use when they need to lie. Y'can always tell those,'cause those don't explain nothing and then they look at you like they just cleared things up when really they did the opposite and they know it and you know it and they know you know and you know they know that you know and they know you and you know them and maybe you go out for a pitcher later but who picks up the tab? That's what I want to know.' 'Right, and answers?' 'Answers is what I get when I ask questions. Answers is when you got no choice. I ask, you tell. I ask again, you tell some more. Then I break your fingers, 'cause I don't like what you're telling me, because those answers don't explain nothing!
|With the right mindset, you can turn a painful downfall into a setup for a great success story.
André Frossard|There began to appear before my romantic eyes...a vast and complicated network of espionage, terror, sadism and hate, from which no one, official or private, could escape.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|One more action to transform your dreams, one more passion to reform your brand; give one more trial and you’ll never regret your willingness to hold on!
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|It scares me how hard it is to remember life before you. I can't even make the comparisons anymore, because my memories of that time have all the depth of a photograph. It seems foolish to play games of better and worse. It's simply a matter of is and is no longer.
Søren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling|For with his little secret that he cannot divulge, the poet buys this power of the word to tell everybody else's dark secrets. A poet is not an apostle; he drives out devils only by the power of the devil.
Roger Lea MacBride, In the Land of the Big Red Apple|If your best friends do not read books, they read you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My Dad used to tell me not to wish my life away by praying it was Friday, or wishing for a day that was a ways off. Soon days will pass so fast you will pray for them to slow down. Nothing in life is promised. Each day is a valuable opportunity to play an important role in this world. Treat each moment like it's the performance of a lifetime; approach every show like it's your first, respect it as if you've invested years, appreciate it like it's your last.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|There are hundreds of reasons to be kind, but only one that matters—because it’s who you are.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Chieftain's Daughter|Our place is here, our time is now!" Killian firmly declared.
Rodrigo Duterte|People are not wrong in observing Caste. In my view, what is wrong is their religion, which has inculcated this notion of Caste. If this is correct, then obviously the enemy, you must grapple with is not the people who observe Caste, but the Shastras which teach them this religion of Caste.
John G. Hartness, Knight Moves|Be proud to act like a normal human being. Keep daylight hours, get a regular job, and mix in the company of people with a fixed sense of right and wrong.
Patrick N. Allitt, Rise and Fall of the British Empire|Now here comes in the whole collapse and huge blunder of our age. We have mixed up two different things, two opposite things. Progress should mean that we are always changing the world to suit the vision. Progress does mean (just now) that we are always changing the vision. It should mean that we are slow but sure in bringing justice and mercy among men: it does mean that we are very swift in doubting the desirability of justice and mercy: a wild page from any Prussian sophist makes men doubt it. Progress should mean that we are always walking towards the New Jerusalem. It does mean that the New Jerusalem is always walking away from us. We are not altering the real to suit the ideal. We are altering the ideal: it is easier.
John Eldredge, Love and War: Finding the Marriage You've Dreamed Of|You would not ask someone with a broken arm to swim the English Channel, so you cannot demand that the broken to live as if they were whole.
Brian Welch, Save Me from Myself: How I Found God, Quit Korn, Kicked Drugs, and Lived to Tell My Story|Once you're already in hell, it's too late to beg for mercy.
Mark Batterson, In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars|Belief and confusion are not mutually exclusive; I believe that belief gives you the direction in the confusion. But you don't see the full picture. That's the point. That's what faith is. You can't see it. It comes back to instinct. Faith is just up the street. Faith and instinct, you can't just rely on them. You have to beat them up. You have to pummel them to make sure they can withstand it, to make sure they can be trusted.
Jan Jansen|It can be a good thing if deeper theology, or philosophy, only makes one more uncertain. It may lead to a healthy doubt; he may throw his hands up saying, 'God, I just don't know anymore. If you're out there, I'm giving it all to you.' From there, after the surrender, he is allowing God himself, rather than theories, books, and documents, to take over and lead him into all truth.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Positive thinking and negative thinking cannot operate at the same level in your mind, one needs to be the master and the one you feed it more will rule over the other.
Fiona Apple|When I was little, we had a Golden Book that had all these Disney characters in one portrait on the first page. My dad used to read from it every night. We'd play this game of find Pluto or find Donald Duck. He'd read us stories and do all the voices. Those are great memories.
Ali Benjamin, The Thing About Jellyfish|If I am ever unexpectedly stopped in my car by the police, my response after pulling over in a populated area is to politely and clearly inform them that I am unarmed, I am recording everything, if they want to take me to the police station that they will need to appoint a lawyer, and I am now using my USA federal right to silence.
Oscar Wilde|You told me you had destroyed it.""I was wrong. It has destroyed me.
Martin Heidegger|This aspect of animated nature, in which man is nothing, has something in it strange and sad....Here, in a fertile country, adorned with eternal verdure, we seek in vain the traces of the power of man; we seem to be transported into a world different from that which gave us birth.
Osho, Ancient Music in the Pines: In Zen Mind Suddenly Stops|Meditation is a flower, and compassion is its fragrance.
Ellen Bass, Beginning to Heal|There is comfort in knowing that you don’t have to pretend anymore, that you are going to do everything within your power to heal.
Shannon L. Alder|Spiritual pain is when you can’t stand another moment not knowing the real truth, and when you finally do know you can’t let go.
Isabella Rossellini|My job is to make desirable, luxurious, beautiful clothing and accessories women want to buy. My first decision is always based on, 'Can I do this in a more sustainable way without sacrificing design?' If I can, then there is no reason not to.
Damian Mingle|All data has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Jenson Button|Yeah, I'm the Brit who isn't Lewis Hamilton that woke up and realised he was good. I got that tag because I was young, flying around in jets and driving fast cars. I always took my driving seriously, but I suppose I enjoyed life... But I'm not a playboy.
Barbara Bush|If you walk down the street and see someone in a box, you have a choice. That person is either the other and you're fearful of them, or that person is an extension of your family. And that makes you at home in that world and not fearful. So really it's very self-serving.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|That eye which sees anything good in the creature is a blind eye; that eye which fancies it can discern anything in man, or anything in anything he can do to win the Divine favor, is as yet stone blind to the Truth of God, and needs to be lanced and cut, and the cataract of pride removed from it!
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|Think of instinct as an unscientific, unquantifiable tool that can be used along with more concrete evaluations to make a well-rounded decision.
Tracey Emin, Strangeland|I woke up feeling alone, so lonely. The night before, I had cried myself to sleep. I lay there on the floor, listening to the tube trains passing beneath me. I thought, All those hundreds and thousands and millions of people. London, London - I hate you. I picked myself up and got ready.
Ian Doescher, William Shakespeare's Star Wars: Verily, A New Hope|I do believe—that all the world's a star. Beyond that heav'nly light I shall fly far!" Luke (ACT I, Scene 7)
Janet Gurtler, How I Lost You|I may not be happy with you right now, but I still love you.
Melissa de la Cruz, Lost in Time|Would it really be so bad if you slowed your life down even a teensy bit? If you took charge of the ingredients of your food instead of letting corporations stuff you and your family, like baby birds, full of sugar, corn products, chemicals, and meat from really, really unhappy animals?
Kavita Bhupta Ghosh, Wanted Back-Bencher and Last-Ranker Teacher|Feeble human body, hey?” Mikael said it in the way that he had, that made everything sound slightly naughty and sexual. I aimed three quick jabs at his head, which wiped the innuendo off his face.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Well, I think I speak for everyone when I say that 'Alice Faye picked a peck of pepper for the poor, piping pig in the purple poke.' Wait—is that not what we’re talking about here?
Robert Jordan, The Fires of Heaven|Juilin," she asked hesitantly, "what were you going to do with the salt and cooking oil? Not exactly," she added more quickly. "Just a general idea." He looked at her for a moment. "I do not know. But they did not, either. That is the trick of it; their minds made up worse then I ever could. I have seen a tough man break when I sent for a basket of figs and some mice.
Patsy Kensit|I'm too busy thinking what I'm going to say next to remember what I've said, but my staff tells me I'm sometimes funny. Not always on purpose, though.
Mal Peet, Life: An Exploded Diagram|I lived through all these times, these great events, without caring very much, concerned with my own aging rather than the world's. Most of us do likewise. History is the heavy traffic that prevents us from crossing the road. We're not especially interested in what it consists of. We wait, more or less patiently, for it to pause, so that we can get to the liquor store or the laundromat or the burger bar
Michael Critchton|Most kinds of power require a substantial sacrifice by whoever wants the power. There is an apprenticeship, a discipline lasting many years. Whatever kind of power you want. President of the company. Black belt in karate. Spiritual guru. Whatever it is you seek, you have to put in the time, the practice, the effort. You must give up a lot to get it. It has to be very important to you. And once you have attained it, it is your power. It can't be given away; it resides in you. It is literally the result of your discipline."Now, what is interesting about this process is that, by the time someone has acquired the ability to kill with his bare hands, he has also matured to the point where he won't use it unwisely. So that kind of power has a built-in control. The discipline of getting the power changes you so that you won't abuse it.
Christian Latham|I think it’s glorious to be nervous. Being nervous is great! How often do we get nervous on a daily basis? Being slightly nervous means you care, and you’re alive, and you’re taking some kind of risk. Hooray for being nervous! A friend told me to substitute the word ‘excitement’ for ‘nervous’. That way you acknowledge the physical feelings without putting a negative spin on things. So to answer your question, sometimes I still get so excited about ‘Update’ that I want to throw up
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Oh no. He looks half-dead." Charlie's face paled as he eyed the trapper's wrist and the blood-soaked bandages."Indeed." Jackaby nodded. "And if we don't get him some proper attention soon, he'll be all dead.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|You're pretty smug, Lord Ares, for a guy who runs from Cupid statues.
William Shakespeare|Men's eyes were made to look, let them gaze, I will budge for no man's pleasure.
Ted Williams|Sculpture is an art of the open air. Daylight, sunlight, is necessary to it, and for me, its best setting and complement is nature.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|I breathe in slowly. Food is life. I exhale, take another breath. Food is life. And that's the problem. When you're alive, people can hurt you. It's easier to crawl into a bone cage or a snowdrift of confusion. It's easier to lock everybody out. But it's a lie.
Virginia Woolf|If thou be industrious to procure wealth, be generous in the disposal of it. Man never is so happy as when he giveth happiness unto another.
Ranata Suzuki|If you cannot hold me in your arms, then hold my memory in high regard.And if I cannot be in your life, then at least let me live in your heart.
Miriam Toews, Swing Low|Her faith in a loving and forgiving God is strong, but she worships laughter.
Brittany L. Engels, Rompita Kero, Healing for the Broken Heart|I will fight for you, and if you know me well enough, you know i am pretty darn good at winning.
Joshua Ferris|I've tried reading the Bible. I never make it past all the talk about the firmament. The firmament is the thing, on Day 1 or 2, that divides the waters from the waters. Here you have the firmament. Next to the firmament, the waters. Stay with the waters long enough, presumably you hit another stretch of firmament. I can't say for sure: at the first mention of the firmament, I start bleeding tears of terminal boredom. I grow restless. I flick ahead. It appears to go like this: firmament, superlong middle part, Jesus. You could spend half your life reading about the barren wives and the kindled wraths and all the rest of it before you got to the do-unto-others part, which as I understand it is the high-water mark.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Our historical pastime is the direct satisfaction of inflicting pain. There are lines in Nekrassov describing how a peasant lashes a horse on the eyes, 'on its meek eyes,' everyone must have seen it. It's peculiarly Russian. He describes how a feeble little nag has foundered under too heavy a load and cannot move. The peasant beats it, beats it savagely, beats it at last not knowing what he is doing in the intoxication of cruelty, thrashes it mercilessly over and over again. 'However weak you are, you must pull, if you die for it.' The nag strains, and then he begins lashing the poor defenceless creature on its weeping, on its 'meek eyes.' The frantic beast tugs and draws the load, trembling all over, gasping for breath, moving sideways, with a sort of unnatural spasmodic action- it's awful in Nekrassov. But that only a horse, and God has horses to be beaten.
Amit Kalantri|Lovers tend to be philosophical, achievers are practical.
George Takei|The key to humor is often self-loathing or sarcasm. In a sense, that's how self-loathing is made palatable.
Diana Palmer, The Last Mercenary|More often than not, a woman marries for money and a man marries for sex. What difference does a sheet of paper with signatures make?""If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand the answer," she said simply.
Jeff Bezos|Debt is a trap, especially student debt, which is enormous, far larger than credit card debt. It's a trap for the rest of your life because the laws are designed so that you can't get out of it. If a business, say, gets in too much debt, it can declare bankruptcy, but individuals can almost never be relieved of student debt through bankruptcy.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|She never sent the castle to sleep”, said Granny, “that’s just an old wife’s tale. She just stirred up time a little. It’s not as hard as people think, everyone does it all the time. It’s like rubber, is time, you can stretch it to suit yourself.”Magrat was about to say: That’s not right, time is time, every second lasts a second, that’s its job. The she recalled weeks that had flown past and afternoons that had lasted forever. Some minutes had lasted hours, some hours had gone past so quickly she hadn’t been aware they’d gone past at all.“But that’s just people’s perception, isn’t it?”“Oh yes”, said Granny, “of course it is, it all is, what difference does that make?
Albert Camus, The Stranger|I wish I lived in your world, where it's sunshine and puppies all the time.
Vimalakurti|You associate with living beings by frequenting their migrations. Yet your mind is liberated from all migrations. Just as the lotus, born of mud, is not tainted thereby, So the lotus of the Buddha preserves the realization of voidness.
Ibn Battuta, The Travels of Ibn Battutah|Traveling leaves you speechless, then turns you into a storyteller
Tessa Afshar, Bread of Angels|While he hung on the cross, caught in the agony of such a death, Jesus found the strength to speak a handful of words. Shall I tell you my favorite? He said, 'Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they are doing.' He said this about his tormenters and murderers. Roman and Jew. It did not matter to him. He spoke forgiveness over them, although they betrayed him and robbed him of life itself.
Steven Magee|In her mind, her actions were treason to the false federation, but loyalty to the real United States of America, the one created by a document she had memorized. The real document was set on fire by what the news called "petty arsons" when the National Archives burned down. Bev knew better—she knew who was behind the destruction of the country's most important document. It was more than a document, it was a symbol—a symbol of freedom from tyranny, and one the Federal Government could no longer afford to abide by.
Heinrich Himmler|This little kid pointed at me and said, 'You look disgusting!' That was the first time I thought maybe I did. I decided I'd better start eating. I'm just thankful that I made it through with relatively few scars.
Emraan Hashmi|While natural disasters capture headlines and national attention short-term, the work of recovery and rebuilding is long-term.
Ogwo David Emenike|And then there's the sickness I feel from looking at legs I can't touch, or at lips that don't smile at me. Or hips that don't reach for me. And hearts that don't beat for me.
James E. Brown Jr.|Without encouragement, what is the value of any meaningful relationship
Lizzie Armitstead|Amazon is a corporation, not a philanthropic trust dedicated to the production of works of art and literature.
Immanuel Kant|Poetic justice, with her lifted scale,Where, in nice balance, truth with gold she weighs,And solid pudding against empty praise. Here she beholds the chaos dark and deep,Where nameless somethings in their causes sleep,Till genial Jacob, or a warm third day,Call forth each mass, a poem, or a play:How hints, like spawn, scarce quick in embryo lie,How new-born nonsense first is taught to cry.
Janet Ong Zimmerman|If you think about it, finding true love is a lot like finding a particular grain of sand on the beach.
Matthew Green, Memoirs of an Imaginary Friend|It is very much in the interest of the food industry to exacerbate our anxieties about what to eat, the better to then assuage them with new products.
John Burroughs|It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|It's not a homeless life for me,It's just that I'm home lessThan others like to be.
Octavia Spencer|I like Ben Stein. I think he's funny, creative, and an insightful commentator on a host of issues.
Adam Rex, The True Meaning of Smekday|All this pitting of sex against sex, of quality against quality; all this claiming of superiority and imputing of inferiority, belong to the private-school stage of human existence where there are 'sides,' and it is necessary for one side to beat another side, and of the utmost importance to walk up to a platform and receive from the hands of the Headmaster himself a highly ornamental pot.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Slow Regard of Silent Things|Oh yes. It was well worth it, doing things the proper way.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|Everything passed, and what trace of its passage remained? It seemed to Kitty that they were all, the human race, like the drops of water in that river and they flowed on, each so close to the other and yet so far apart, a nameless flood, to the sea. When all things lasted so short a time and nothing mattered very much, it seemed pitiful that men, attaching an absurd importance to trivial objects, should make themselves and one another so unhappy.
Walter Kirn, Blood Will Out: The True Story of a Murder, a Mystery, and a Masquerade|When women and men listen with the heart a liberating or cleansing process comes about in the collective, and something transformative moves through both parties and into the dialogue.
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|I was lost a long time, without knowing it. Without the Faith, one is free, and that is a pleasant feeling at first. There are no questions of conscience, no constraints, except the constraints of custom, convention and the law, and these are flexible enough for most purposes. It is only later that terror comes. One is free - but free in chaos, in an unexplained and unexplainable world. One is free in a desert, from which there is no retreat but inward, toward the hollow core of oneself. There is nothing to build on but the small rock of one's own pride, and this is a nothing, based on nothing... I think, therefore I am. But what am I? An accident of disorder, going no place.
Robin Benway, Audrey, Wait!|You have to turn it up so that your chest shakes and the drums get in between your ribs like a heartbeat and the bass goes up your spine and fizzles your brain and all you can do is dance or spin in a circle or just scream along because you know that however this music makes you feel, it’s exactly right.
John Donne|There is a Fountain of Youth: It is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of the people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Not basing your principles of sex based on the judgment of other or on hearsay, uphold yourself to virtues that you believe in. Before any laws created by man, religion, and culture; the universe has always held us under the principles of love in all endeavors in life, and this applies to sex as well. Sex is a very personal experience and the morals you follow under this act are a personal notion that you create yourself for the sake of your personal happiness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A man without god is a lost man. Every man believe in something. We CANT live by ourselves thinking only in money and possesions. We HAVE to live WITH others and love each other, and NEVER hate, because when you hate someone, you destroy your soul a little bit every day, and when the last day of our live come, we dont have the energy or the strenght to forgive, and repent of our sins, and thats whats kill us FOREVER, leading us to a eternal prision inside us, called "Hell". Hope you understand my perspective of life, that I assume is right.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|Think, think, think.
Tony Campolo|We now no longer camp as for a night, but have settled down on earth and forgotten heaven
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|When employees are working to attain passion and progress in every area of life, the are less likely to be cynical or apathetic.
Rita Ora|I love eating at my dad's pub, the Queens Arms in Kilburn. It does a traditional Albanian spinach pie.
Sean Maguire|When my dad first started out in the police force, wearing the uniform was a sense of pride, and it was respected in the community for what the police force was all about. Unfortunately today, the uniform is a target.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Everyday, spend some time in solitude to repair the damages done by the crowds!
Ezra Pound, Personæ: The Shorter Poems|Why does our world feel so very crazy? Why do mental and emotional illnesses emerge more rapidly than we can educate psychiatrists, psychologists, addiction specialists, and mental health counselors to diagnose and treat them? We are marinating in the soup of collective madness, cruelty, selfishness, and lies, the soup of spiritual toxicity.
Ashly Lorenzana|Life is not easy. We all have problems-even tragedies-to deal with, and luck has nothing to do with it. Bad luck is only the superstitious excuse for those who don't have the wit to deal with the problems of life. 
Thomas Narofsky, You are Unstoppable Participant's Guide: Unleash Your Inspired Life|Like two lost souls, we fall in each other's arms, hoping to find ourselves again.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|What are the chances you’d ever meet someone like that? he wondered. Someone you could love forever, someone who would forever love you back? And what did you do when that person was born half a world away? The math seemed impossible.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|What you do for others, God will do for you.
Beyonce Knowles|My mother taught me what it is to have a sense of humour; my dad, who was a headmaster, everything you need to know about hard work. My dad is the most decent man you could come across.
Vijaya Gowrisankar|I was wandering lonely and lost, till the musicyou played pulledmy soul into a vortex of emotions, reminding me thatI was still alive
Jay Woodman|Colour outside the lines, live outside the box. Don’t let anyone tell you what to do, or not. Don’t be afraid, listen to your heart.	Heaven is a state of being – of one-ness, and Hell is a state of being – lost. We simply need to live as we best define ourselves, find our own ways of being who we are in our world.  There is no requirement - only freedom of choice. We should not be judged if we are doing what we think best according to our perceptions at any given time.	Guilt should be discarded, moved beyond - what matters is who we choose to be in the next moment, given what we might have learned. We continually create ourselves anew.	Forgiving someone is a great way to show love, and forgive yourself too for the hurt you held onto far too long.	Take back the energy you have wasted on these things and reclaim your power to be your next best self.	Honour the past but refresh, expand, renew, fulfill. Heaven is within us, always reachable.
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|Anyway, lots of warrior tribes think that when they die, they go to a heavenly land somewhere," said the toad. "You know, where they can drink and fight and feast forever? So maybe this is theirs.""But this is a real place!""So? That's what they believe. Besides, they're only small. Maybe the universe is a bit crowded and they have to put heavens anywhere there's room? I'm a toad, so you'll appreciate that I'm having to guess a lot here.
Will Leamon|If there must be a god in the house, must be,Saying things in the rooms and on the stair,Let him move as the sunlight moves on the floor,Or moonlight, silently, as Plato's ghostOr Aristotle's skeleton. Let him hang outHis stars on the wall. He must dwell quietly.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|I am just a guy, doing my best to be the best person I can be.And, every once in a while, I fuck up the moment I’m in.Please. Get over it. Get over yourselves. Get over this weird need to be morally superior to me and to the other people in this world.And let me be imperfect. I assure you, my imperfections drive me to improve.Let me love myself. I assure you, loving myself despite my faults will only make me a better person.Let me be my own judge. I assure you, I’ll be more fair and just than you ever will.Let me be the owner of my own intentions. I assure you, there isn’t another soul on earth who knows what my real intentions are but me.Love and acceptance despite ongoing and glaring imperfection is all I’ve ever tried to attain with this blog. For me. For you. For everyone. And I’ll never stop.
Debasish Mridha|To see a thing as it is, we have to give up our preconceived perception about it.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|It is painful to behold a man employing his talents to corrupt himself. Nature has been kinder to Mr. Burke than he is to her. He is not affected by the reality of distress touching his heart, but by the showy resemblance of it striking his imagination. He pities the plumage, but forgets the dying bird.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to a mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on a rock." - Frankenstein p115
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|So, if I'm no cheerleader of sports, why write a chapter about it? Sports do have some positive impact on society. They solve problems, such as how to get inner-city kids to spend $175 on shoes. They serve as a backdrop for some of our most memorable commercials. And they remain the one and only relevant application of math. Not only that, but we have sports to thank for most of the last century's advances in manliness. The system starts in school, where gym class separates the men from the boys. Then those men are taught to be winners, or at least, losers that hate themselves.
Craig T. Nelson|We all, as parents, are laughing at ourselves and helicopter parenting and saying, 'This isn't the way we were parented; we were allowed to run free.' When I talk to my friends, we are all fascinated by what we are doing, but we can't seem to stop ourselves.
Neymat Khan|People with satanic minds are dangerous, kill them.
L. Joseph Shosty|And you will spend the rest of your life wondering if I have disciples to avenge me. Hire your tasters, Burbesh. Until the Master of the Sleeps comes for you, you’ll never know a taste of anything that has not touched another’s lips first. You’ll never sleep in a bed that has not been first tossed for vipers. You’ll never sit in a chair that has not been tested for poisoned barbs in its cushions. You shall never see a bath drawn for you that you will not at first fear is acid. And you’ll never have another dream where my face is not grinning at you from the shadows.” -- From "Morality for Alchemists and Thieves
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|What is a parent, really, but somebody who picks up the things a child leaves behind - a trail made of stripped off clothing, orphaned shoes, tiny bright plastic game pieces, and nostalgia - and who hands back each of these when its needed?
Lisa Tuttle|I have no God to hold me up. And I believe that when they shatter the body they shatter everything, and I knew that all of us—Christians, Muslims, atheists—lived in this fear of this truth.
Charmaine J. Forde|I love to close my eyes a moment and think of the land outside, white under the mingled snow and moonlight--the heaps of stones by the roadside white--snow in the furrows. Mon Dieu! How quiet and how patient!
Russell Crowe|I think I'm skilful enough, but I don't consider myself a naturally talented, gifted sports person.
Joshua Chamberlain|The best morale exist when you never hear the word mentioned. When you hear a lot of talk about it, it's usually lousy.
Nabil N. Jamal|Competition in business is a blessing, for without it, we wouldn’t be motivated to improve.
Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living|If one's bowels move, one is happy, and if they don't move, one is unhappy. That is all there is to it.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|To be big, you have to think big. Don’t limit your imagination.
Barbara Mandrell|The U.S. cannot force Sunnis, Shias, and Kurds to make peace or to act for the common good. They have been in conflict for 1,400 years.
Deyth Banger|--a man without birth, without courage, without conduct. For my part, I declare, sir, it shall never be said that I made such a man my master.
Brynn Myers, Redemption|Kylah grabbed a handful of grapes off the tray and started tossing them at Aerric. He tried to catch them in his mouth but was missing more than he was catching. “You totally suck at this,” she said as she laughed.	In a flash, Aerric pinned her beneath him. “But I’m fantastic at other things,” he said as he pushed the robe off her shoulder.
Annalee Newitz|Everyone has this perception that the bloggers, they say horrible things about you and they hide behind their computers where you can't see them.
Kelly G. Wilson, Things Might Go Terribly, Horribly Wrong: A Guide to Life Liberated from Anxiety|Don't let the covers fool you. Books, like lives, are wiggling, evolving, living things. They're not bound by pages or authors or schools of thought. They're not born when they're printed; in fact, they only start to live once they're read. So first of all, we thank you, reader. You dignify this work we do, and we're sincerely grateful for your time and attention.
Brett J. Talley, That Which Should Not Be|He was highly spoken of, everybody knew; but nobody knew who had spoken highly of him…
Lauren DeStefano, Fever|I wish I had a memory of that first violent shove, the shock of cold air, the sting of oxygen into new lungs. Everyone should remember being born. It doesn't seem fair that we only remember dying.
Sarah Todd Hammer|There is so little in the New Testament about sexual love, and most of it consists of Paul heaving a deep sigh and tolerating it like a weakness.
Mark Piper|My pit of love is too shallow, I can't fall deep.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Angels had fallen, men have sinned.It does not mean that God has failed.
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|And if you don’t underestimate me, I won’t underestimate you.
Mayra Mejia|When you muster the courage to processes reality as it is instead of sweeping feelings or emotions under the rug, you become stronger.
Arthur Conan Doyle, A Study in Scarlet|Goodness, I was already a dork most of the times. I didn't need to be a drunk or high dork.
Lemony Snicket, The Grim Grotto|The way sadness works is one of the strangest riddles of the world. If you are stricken with a great sadness, you may feel as if you have been set aflame, not only because of the enormous pain, but also because your sadness may spread over your life, like smoke from an enormous fire. You might find it difficult to see anything but your own sadness, the way smoke can cover a landscape so that all anyone can see is black. You may find that happy things are tainted with sadness, the way smoke leaves its ashen colors and scents on everything it touches. And you may find that if someone pours water all over you, you are damp and distracted, but not cured of your sadness, the way a fire department can douse a fire but never recover what has been burnt down.
Jorge Luis Borges, Dreamtigers|It must be that I am not made to be a dead man, but these places and this discussion seem like a dream, and not a dream dreamed by me but by someone else still to be born.
Frances Dunn Butterfoss, Ignite!: Getting Your Community Coalition Fired Up for Change|Anxious systems also fail to get a clear view of things. Embedded in their dread, they lose a sense of proportion. They have little awareness of what is happening and how it is being mutually maintained. Emotionally cramps the broader view.
Wendell Berry|Ah, summer, what power you have to make us suffer and like it.
Nawal El Saadawi|The difference in the quality of medical care received by people with mental illness is one of the reasons why they live shorter lives than people without mental illness. Even in the best-resourced countries in the world, this life expectancy gap is as much as 20 years. In the developing countries of the world, this gap is even larger.
Ahmed Adel Hassona|It’s nice to have a station pet. Wish it wasn’t trapped in a hovering prison in the men’s bathroom, but listen: no pet is perfect. It becomes perfect when you learn to accept it for what it is.
Larry J. Dunlap, Night People, Book 1|So you've given away the old good and evil? asked Rose, amazed at all this rare talk from Quick.No. No. I'll stay a cop. But it's not us and them anymore. It's us and us and us. It's always us. That's what they never tell you. Geez, Rose, I just want to do right. But there's no monsters, only people like us. Funny, but it hurts.
Malorie Blackman, Noughts & Crosses|If you must know, I-I had never in my life kissed a young lady, and you are far too beautiful to me to want to get it wrong!
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|People may oppose you, but when they realize you can hurt them, they'll join your side.
A.E. Via, Nothing Special|So this is how the merchant ship won’t follow us,” I mumbled, “They aren’t insane enough to join the party.
Daniel J. Siegel, The Developing Mind: How Relationships and the Brain Interact to Shape Who We Are|Have you ever been lonely? No, neither have I. Solitary, yes. Alone, certainly. But lonely means minding about being on your own. I've never minded about it.
Aleister Crowley, Diary of a Drug Fiend|I seem to remember asking myself if I was insane, and answering, ''Of couse I am - sanity is a compromise. Sanity is the thing that keeps one back.
Roger Ebert|People now tell me it's a good thing I stayed away from teen films. Well, it wasn't my choice. I wasn't hired.
Sarah Arthur, Walking with Bilbo|In a negotiation, we must find a solution that pleases everyone, because no one accepts that they must lose and that the other must win... Both must win!
Amber Kell, Vampire Wanted|If you work around at-risk teen students, actually tell them you love them and have faith in their success. No one tells them that. No one.
Naomi Wolf|Vogue began to focus on the body as much as on the clothes, in part because there was little they could dictate with the anarchic styles...In a stunning move, an entire replacement culture was developed by naming a 'problem' where it had scarcely existed before, centering it on the women's natural state, and elevating it to the existential female dilemma...The number of diet-related articles rose 70 percent from 1968 to 1972...The lucrative 'transfer of guilt' was resurrected just in time.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Believe it or not, some of us have piercings and tattoos and dye our hair because we think it looks pretty, not for any deep sociological reason. This isn't an act of protest against cultural or social repression. It's not a grand, deliberately defiant gesture against capitalists or feminists or any other social group. It's not even the fashion equivalent to sticking two fingers up at the world. The boring truth of it, Gabriel, is that I don't dress like this to hurt my parents or draw attention to myself or make a statement. I just do it because I think it looks nice. Disappointed?
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Slavery is not a horror safely confined to the past; it continues to exist throughout the world, even in developed countries like France and the United States. Across the world slaves work and sweat and build and suffer. Slaves in Pakistan may have made the shoes you are wearing and the carpet you stand on. Slaves in the Caribbean may have put sugar in your kitchen and toys in the hands of your children. In India they may have sewn the shirt on your back and polished the ring on your finger. They are paid nothing. Slaves touch your life indirectly as well. They made the bricks for the factory that made the TV you watch. In Brazil slaves made the charcoal that tempered the steel that made the springs in your car and the blade on your lawnmower. Slaves grew the rice that fed the woman that wove the lovely cloth you've put up as curtains. Your investment portfolio and your mutual fund pension own stock in companies using slave labor in the developing world. Slaves keep your costs low and returns on your investments high.
Frederick Vanderbuilt|As a writer, self-doubt is useless. Get rid of it, rip it out like a weed and compost it.
Alan Beck|It was not very long afterwards that Michael woke up one morning with a curious feeling inside him. He knew, the moment he opened his eyes, that something was wrong but he was not quite sure what it was. "What is today, Mary Poppins?" He enquired, pushing the bedclothes away from him. "Tuesday," said Mary Poppins. "Go and turn on your bath. Hurry!" she said, as he made no effort to move. He turned over and pulled the bedclothes up over his head and the curious feeling increased.  "What did I say?" said Mary Poppins in that cold, clear voice that was always a Warning. Michael knew now what was happening to him. He knew he was going to be naughty.
Deyth Banger|One moment people should learn that they must find their answers not to ask but to find. In real life you can't always ask, if you are ask you show how much stupid are you really!
Patrick W. Carr, A Cast of Stones|They had stolen my memories from me! Nobody had that right. Nobody! My memories belonged to me. Stealing memories was stealing time. I got so mad, I lost all fear. I didn't care what happened. I want to live! I told myself. I will live. I will get out of this insane netherworld and get back my stolen memories back and live. Forget the end of the world, I was ready to reclaim my whole self.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Of course, a sign doesn't mean anything unless you know how to interpret it.
Irvin D. Yalom, Momma and the Meaning of Life: Tales of Psychotherapy|More than death, one fears the utter isolation that accompanies it. We try to go through life two by two, but each one of us must die alone- no one can die our death with us or for us. The shunning of the dying by the living prefigures final absolute abandonment
Eliza Dushku|I want to make my music and be a happy woman, a good wife, a good mom and one day hopefully have a child of my own.
Priscilla Shirer, Fervent: A Woman's Battle Plan to Serious, Specific and Strategic Prayer|As we practice implementing this incredible power tool He's placed in our hands, He divinely positions us - even a little life like ours - in His grand purpose for the ages. Through the connective tissue of prayer, He cracks open the door that makes us at least a small part of how these massive plans of His are translated into the lives of people we know. Including ours.
Timothy Ray Miller|When you wholeheartedly adopt a "with all your heart" attitude and go all out with the positive principle  you can do incredible things.
Michelle Templet|If you're not going to use your free speech to criticize your own government, then what the hell is the point of having it?
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|You see the first thing we love is a scene. For love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object I am going to love. The context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject...Love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. The scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)... this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: I cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my desire. interval, something has been successful: I have been fulfilled (all my desires abolished by the plenitude of their satisfaction).
Wiley Cash, A Land More Kind Than Home|I've heard it said before that those who don't learn from the past are bound to repeat it, and I just don't know what I think about that. I figure I don't have too much use for it. The past will just weigh on you if you spend too much time remembering it.
Tarif Naaz, Mayhem In Paradise|What if you get a virgin (or what you call – pure) girl, and she disrespects you, has affairs outside, insults your parents and becomes a bitch after marriage? And what if the girl isn’t virgin, but she’s pure-hearted, loves and cares for you, respects your parents, is true to you and remains by your side for the rest of your life? What will matter more? Her virginity, or her nature?
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|Because every man who fight monster become a monster too, and there be at least one woman in Kingston who think me is the killer of all things name hope.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|Do you really think you can win?''Yeah. Hell, Ortega is only the third or fourth most disturbing thing I've tangled with today.''But even if you do win, what does it change?''Me getting kiilled now. That way, I get to be killed later tonight instead.'- Susan Rodriguez & Harry Dresden, Death Masks, Jim Butcher
Francis de Sales|Be patient and one day you will be in Heaven, where there will be only peace and joy ... You will possess an enduring tranquility and rest.
Dana Marton, Girl in the Water|Everybody has scars; some are more visible than others, that’s all. But anyone without a scar is someone I don’t want to know because it’s someone who doesn’t feel things deeply. You have to understand loss to recognize a gift when you see it.”	He leaned over and kissed her again. “You are my gift. I want to be yours, if you’ll let me.
Mensah Oteh|Money, fame and personal possessions should never be your metric for measuring your passion.
James     Baldwin, Nobody Knows My Name|Any real change implies the breakup of the world as one has always known it, the loss of all that gave one an identity, the end of safety. And at such a moment, unable to see and not daring to imagine what the future will now bring forth, one clings to what one knew, or dreamed that one possessed. Yet, it is only when a man is able, without bitterness or self-pity, to surrender a dream he has long possessed that he is set free - he has set himself free - for higher dreams, for greater privileges.
Ovid|If somebody is gracious enough to give me a second chance, I won't need a third.
Heather Fleener, Chosen|Holy Crap, Kaitriana you are one wicked Witch.
Stacy Snapp Killian aka StacyK|Our soul contains energy, transformed into Spirit, expressing dreams and thoughts through works of the mind.
Henry Ford|Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain
Lynsay Sands, The Reluctant Vampire|No, my eldest brother. He was named after our father. Our parents died when the Romans first invaded, and Stephano then became the "head of the family". " She grimaced. "He and I are like oil and water. Or we were. We get along well enough now, though." She grinned. "But boy did he pitch a fit over the concubine thing. He even called in Uncle Lucian to deal with me."Harper's eyebrows rose. "I'm surprised Lucian bothered to intervene."..."Yes, well..." Drina grimaced. "I'm afraid while I was een as a concubine, I was really playing puppet master with my lover and kind of ruling the country though him. At least until Uncle Lucian caught wind of it and came to give me hell.
Alison Miller, Becoming Yourself: Overcoming Mind Control and Ritual Abuse|And that’s the problem. When you’realive, people can hurt you. It’s easier to crawl into a bonecage or a snowdrift of confusion. It’s easier to lock everybodyout.But it’s a lie.
Gary Peters|People say, 'Oh, politics is so polarized today,' and I'm thinking... '1861, that was polarized.'
Marquis de Sade, Gothic Tales of the Marquis de Sade|I didn’t know if I was straight or gay. But I did know I loved Michael. And it wasn’t just for all the nice things he’d done for me—it was because of who he was, the kind of man he was, the way he treated me… with respect.
Chris Burkmenn|What you feel, and what is real – all just a matter of perspective.
Natalie Lloyd, A Snicker of Magic|The way he said her name made my heart cramp. In all my years of word collecting, I've learned this to be a tried and true fact: I can very often tell how much a person loves another person by the way they say their name. I think that's one of the best feelings in the world, when you know your name is safe in another person's mouth. When you know they'll never shout it out like a cuss word, but say it or whisper it like a once-upon-a-time.
Mary Elizabeth Summer, Trust Me, I'm Lying|Twenty-three stories up and all I could see out the windows was grey smog. They could call it the City of the Angels if they wanted to, but if there were angels out there, they had to be flying blind.
Kevin J. Shay|Perfection isn’t necessary for success, but determination is.
Paramahansa Yogananda|If you retain the joyous aftereffects of meditation throughout the day, or part of the day, you will see that this joy will correctly guide you in everything. Saints are guided by this joy, in the consciousness of which no erroneous actions are possible. Retain the acquired joy of meditation throughout the day.
Tatsuhiko Takimoto, Welcome to the N.H.K.|Take fireflies for example. Try to imagine their beauty, the evanescent beauty of their lives, which don't even last a week.Female fireflies flash their lights only to have intercourse with the males; males twinkle just to have intercourse with the females. And once their mating has finished, they die. In short, their reproductive instinct is the single, absolute reason for fireflies to live. In that simple instinct and their simple world, no kind of sadness can intervene. This is precisely why fireflies are so fleetingly beautiful.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Understanding and accepting the decisions you have made, good or bad, will make you bolder. Reflection helps punctuate your past and indent your future.
Steven Weinberg|With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil - that takes religion.
Roxy Writer|I cannot find the perfect person, but I refuse to live my life living a tragic love story based on just sex, and selfish act.
Arthur Rimbaud, Season in Hell  Other Poems|O seasons, O castles,What soul is without flaws?All its lore is known to me,Felicity, it enchants us all.
Ezra Taft Benson|As I see it, fast food outfits have targeted small children with their advertising in a very effective way. You know, it's clowns and kid's toys and bright colors and things like that.
Jeffrey Lang, Struggling to Surrender: Some Impressions of an American Convert to Islam|It was Dostoevsky, once again, who drew from the French Revolution and its seeming hatred of the Church the lesson that "revolution must necessarily begin with atheism." That is absolutely true. But the world had never before known a godlessness as organized, militarized, and tenaciously malevolent as that practiced by Marxism. Within the philosophical system of Marx and Lenin, and at the heart of their psychology, hatred of God is the principal driving force, more fundamental than all their political and economic pretensions. Militant atheism is not merely incidental or marginal to Communist policy; it is not a side effect, but the central pivot.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|To the cowards, change is a want; to the weak, change is a wish; but to the brave, change is a must. People who put change ahead of all things are those who make a difference!
George Boole, An Investigation of the Laws of Thought|We are in front of a fountain, whose jet she seems to be watching. 'Those are your thoughts and mine. Look where they all start from, how high they reach, and then how it's still prettier when they fall back. And then they dissolve immediately, driven back up with the same strength, then there's that broken spurt again, that fall ... and so on indefinitely.
Ali Binazir, The Tao Of Dating: The Smart Woman's Guide To Being Absolutely Irresistible|I am an imperfect man living in an imperfect world, trying to weave through the chaotic interactions of semi-causal events with linear logic, contradictory emotions, dialectic wisdom, and mortal integrity.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|This is Roshana, the last queen of the Amulen Empire, back when my people ruled all the lands from the east to the west. She is something of a legend among us. Every queen aspires to learn from her mistakes.”“Her mistakes? Surely you mean her victories.”“What?”I frown at her. “Roshana was one of the greatest queens in the world. She ended the Mountain Wars, she routed Sanhezriyah the Mad, she—”“For a foreign serving girl, you are strangely well versed in Amulen history.”“I spent a lot of time in libraries as a girl.”“Were you there to dust the scrolls or read them?”“Surely Roshana’s victories outweigh her errors.”“The higher you rise, the farther you fall. For all her wisdom, Roshana was fooled by the jinni, believing it was her friend, and then it destroyed her. Ever since that day, my people have hunted the jinn. There is no creature more vicious and untrustworthy.”“This is not the story I heard,” I say softly. “My people tell it differently. That the jinni truly was a friend to Roshana but was forced to turn against her. That she had no choice.”“Surely I know how my own ancestress died,” returns the princess, a bit hotly. “Anyway, it was a long time ago, but we Amulens do not forget.
Marcia Meier, Ireland, Place Out of Time|Rockface sheer and imposing, emerges from the sea, reminding us nature makes no allowances.
Honore de Balzac|No one can tell you what to expect or can offer a guide to grief. Because every relationship is so unique, no two people grieve the same way. And you have no idea how you are going to grieve till you are grieving.
Dave Haywood|Orphans, dead parents, lonely children at Christmas, morose spoken word recordings, everything you love about the holidays. Move the turkey over so you can fit your head in the oven.
Mrs. Oliphant, Miss Marjoribanks|Then there rose up before her a vision of a parish saved, a village reformed, a county reorganised, and a triumphant election at the end, the recompense and crown of all, which should put the government of the country itself, to a certain extent, into competent hands.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|ONE BUT MANYOne God, many faces.One family, many races.One truth, many paths.One heart, many complexions.One light, many reflections.One world, many imperfections.ONE.We are all one,But many.
Deyth Banger|You can spend the rest of your life fighting to be respected, accepted and understood by the people you have created a life with or you can start living a life where that isn't a daily goal and ambition in your relationship.
Annie Brewer, Back To You|Picture a place called the Karma Kafe and it'll save me the bother of describing it. There was nothing in it you wouldn't expect, from the Buddha flowerpots to the wallpaper decorated with symbols that probably said, "If you bought this just because it looked pretty, may Buddha piss in your coffee, you culturally ignorant moron.
L.A. Kennedy, Macabre: A Demon Hunter Novel|At the beginning Earth was a hell; then it became a heaven! Hell is the road leading to heaven! Chestnut tastes good after roasted! When the sand lives through hell, it becomes a beautiful glass!
Charles Baudelaire|Wendy? Darling? Light, of my life. I'm not gonna hurt ya. I'm just going to bash your brains in.
Rudy Francisco|Children's reading and children's thinking are the rock-bottom base upon which this country will rise. Or not rise. In these days of tension and confusion, writers are beginning to realize that books for children have a greater potential for good or evil than any other form of literature on earth.
Charles Bukowski, The Last Night of the Earth Poems|As Carrie Fisher once said in a film, everyone thinks they have good taste and a sense of humour.
Carol Oates, Something Wicked|Art serves a purpose. It expands our horizons, frees our minds, and opens us up to new experiences. It opens the imagination. All these great discoveries of our time — without the desire to reach beyond our boundaries, we would be forever stagnant. The folly is in closing one’s eyes and not recognizing it.
Karen Joy Fowler, The Jane Austen Book Club|I couldn't fit my whole self into a marriage, no matter who my husband was. There were parts of me that John liked, and different parts for the others, but no one could deal with all of me, So I'd lop some part off, but then I'd start missing it, wanting it back.
Jennifer Egan, The Keep|That's what death is, Danny thought: wanting to talk to someone and not being able to.
Aaron Patzer|Financial support is one thing, but I always think what becomes really sacrificial is your time.
Stacey May Fowles, Baseball Life Advice|Dantes,rejected by all the world,frequently experienced a desire for solitude, and what solitude is at the same time more complete,more poetical , than that of a bark floating isolated on the sea during the obscurity of the night, in the silence of immensity and under the eye of Heaven? Now this solitude was peopled with this thoughts, the night lighted by his illusions, and the silence animated by his anticipations.
Foz Meadows|It's a hat," said Jess.Manx stretched. "Yes.""A hat with - just to be clear - a lizard on it. A real, dead lizard.""An iguana, yea. It's been stuffed.""I can see that. Any idiot can see that, but it doesn;t address the issue.""The issue being?""Manx, you're wearing a goddamn reptile! On your head! With pride! It's like you're the lovechild of Carmen Miranda and a taxidermist!
Gabriel Iglesias|One of the great questions of philosophy is, do we innately have morality, or do we get it from celestial dictation? A study of the Ten Commandments is a very good way of getting into and resolving that issue.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|And thanks to Christina McMullen, who has taught me that common sense and intelligence need not have any correlation whatsoever.
John Grisham, Rogue Lawyer|How dare you?' Bayar began, but his voice had lost some of its force. 'How dare you come into this sacred hall, flinging accusations?''I have not yet made any accusations,' Willo said. 'Perhaps it is your own guilt clamoring in your ears.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Make love your religion, and all the citadels of man-made religious conflicts shall disappear from the face of earth once and for all.
Robert Moment, How to Be Happy in Life: Easy to Use Happiness Tips, Ideas and Strategies to Be Happy|you may be wrong to be right in the wrong direction, but, what is the wrong direction?
Michelle M. Pillow, Spellbound|He took her hand from her head and held it in his. "Your beauty could make a rose blush."	"Are you... drunk?
Joseph Kanon|My personal advice is to go to school first and get a liberal arts education, and then if you want to pursue acting, go to graduate school.
Sunday Adelaja|I believe every minister of the gospel is called to this ministry first of all. The ministry of light, the ministry of destruction of darkness, the ministry of setting people free from ignorance.
Yuchita Erayani|Jason, I love you and you cannot escape from it. Even if you could, I would never let you go.
Anthony Liccione|I see you better in music, I hear you better in wind, I feel you more in a flooding moonlight, that understands nothing, but darkness and silence.
Mhairi McFarlane, You Had Me At Hello|Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for you, but you can't avoid them.
Kate le Vann, Things I Know About Love|This one is for our crew, but it’s also for all the weird girls and word nerds, for all the in-the-middle wickeds and queers and misfits and hell-raisers.
Kerry Patterson, Influencer: The Power to Change Anything|The average human being is actually quite bad at predicting what he or she should do in order to be happier, and this inability to predict keeps people from, well, being happier. In fact, psychologist Daniel Gilbert has made a career out of demonstrating that human beings are downright awful at predicting their own likes and dislikes. For example, most research subjects strongly believe that another $30,000 a year in income would make them much happier. And they feel equally strongly that adding a 30-minute walk to their daily routine would be of trivial import. And yet Dr. Gilbert’s research suggests that the added income is far less likely to produce an increase in happiness than the addition of a regular walk.
Adam Smith, The Theory of Moral Sentiments|Honestly, Bob: how do you carve a scream?
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|He knew, perhaps better than anyone, that we don't get to choose what is true. We only get to choose what we do about it.
Paul Gitwaza|Error is human,perfection is divine!You are not God! Your mistake is normal.So forgive yourself.
Linkin Park|Do you feel cold and lost in desperation? You build up hope, but failure’s all you’ve known Remember all the sadness and frustration And let it go. Let it go
David Levithan, Every Day|Some people think mental illness is a matter of mood, a matter of personality. They think depression is simply a form of being sad, that OCD is a form of being uptight. They think the soul is sick, not the body. It is, they believe, something that you have some choice over.I know how wrong this is.When I was a child, I didn't understand. I would wake up in a new body and wouldn't comprehend why things felt muted, dimmer. Or the opposite--I'd be supercharged, unfocused, like a radio at top volume flipping quickly from station to station. Since I didn't have access to the body's emotions, I assumed the ones I was feeling were my own. Eventually, though, I realized these inclinations, these compulsions, were as much a part of the body as its eye color or its voice. Yes, the feelings themselves were intangible, amorphous, but the cause of the feelings was a matter of chemistry, biology.It is a hard cycle to conquer. The body is working against you. And because of this, you feel even more despair. Which only amplifies the imbalance. It takes uncommon strength to live with these things. But I have seen that strength over and over again.
Leah Marie Brown, Faking It|Veni, vidi, vici. That was easy for Julius Caesar to say; he crossed Italy in a chariot, not on a stupid bike." - Vivia
Frederik Pohl, The Way the Future Was: A Memoir|I perceived quite early that I was a reader, and most of the people I came into contact with were not. It made a barrier. What they wanted to talk about were things they had eaten, touched, or done. What I wanted to talk about was what I had read.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|On the rebound one passes into tears and pathos. Maudlin tears. I almost prefer the moments of agony. These are at least clean and honest. But the bath of self-pity, the wallow, the loathsome sticky-sweet pleasure of indulging it--that disgusts me
Brian Christian, The Most Human Human: What Talking with Computers Teaches Us About What It Means to Be Alive|Like most conversations and most chess games, we all start off the same and we all end the same, with a brief moment of difference in between. Fertilization to fertilizer. Ashes to ashes. And we spark across the gap.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|He told us that it had been a fine day to-day, and we told him that it had been a fine day yesterday, and then we all told each other that we thought it would be a fine day to-morrow; and George said the crops seemed to be coming up nicely.
Tove Jansson, The Summer Book|We do and say useless and pointless stuff and words, if we think little deeper why we go and masturbate?? (No,... No don't change the page... don't close it or whatever do.... look me right in the face and listen it's not a shit... it's how the matrix is build)... well... let's start from here... we masturbate and after all in the other day or after few days we will do it again..., we eat food and after all we eat again and again until we die... we say useless words and after all who in the hell to know why, we do that???But after all from this useless words comes the one useful story if the useless words didn't exist... it won't also exist the advange called itself "story".
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We must continually maintain an adventurous attitude toward Him, despite any potential personal risk.
George Eliot, Silas Marner|It seems as you'll never know the rights of it; but that doesn't hinder there being a rights, Master Marner, for all it's dark to you and me.''No,' said Silas, 'no; that doesn't hinder. Since the time the child was sent to me and I've come to love her as myself, I've had light enough to trusten by; and now she says she'll never leave me, I think I shall trusten until I die.
Pardis Sabeti|I am deeply immersed in my medical work, and it can get very intense, but I believe that the connection and devotion is key. You can not work on diseases as devastating and deadly as Lassa and Ebola without complete trust and respect for the individuals with whom you work. My lab and colleagues are just extraordinary, and we are a family.
Joshua Ferris, Then We Came to the End|Picard only saw the movie, which had the entire Tales of the Black Starship subplot removed for time.
Mary Rose O'Reilley|I cleaned the shit off my pink high-tops and drove home, stopping for an espresso at the coffeehouse across from the college. Men and women were hunched over copies of Jean Paul Sartre and writing in their journals. Most wore the thin-rimmed tortoiseshell glasses favored by intellectuals. Their clothes were faded to a precisely fashionable degree; you can buy them that way from catalogs now, new clothes processed to look old. The intellectuals looked at me in my overalls the way such people inevitably look at farmers. I dumped a lot of sugar in my espresso and sipped it delicately at a corner table near the door. I looked at them the way farmers look at intellectuals.
Sherman Alexie, Flight|I hate my country. There are so many rich people who don't share their shit. They're like spoiled little ten-year-old bullies on the playground. They hog the monkey bars and the slide and the seesaw. And if you complain even a little bit, if you try to get just one spin on the merry-go-round, the bullies beat the shit out of you.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|we have forgotten what night tastes like, salted by full moon silver rupturingthe dark. we have forgotten how the skin sings when the lunar fervor unfurls across its follicles.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|Yet people are still showing up to lift their hands after all these years even though the church is flawed and broken and beautiful and has a shameful, ugly side to it that I'll bet it wishes it didn't have and repeatedly tries to hide.Just like me.Just like you.Just like always.
Sarah Ockler, Bittersweet|Before reaching Grassy Butte, though, Dad spied a farmhouse with two pumps in the drive and a red-and-white sign out front saying DALE'S OIL COMPANY. Another sign said CLOSED, but a light was on in the house and Dad pulled in, saying, "I believe we might prevail on Dale. What do you think?""Prevail on Dale," I repeated to Swede."To make a sale," she added."And if we fail, we'll whale on Dale--""Till he needs braille!""Will you guys desist?" Dad asked.
W. Somerset Maugham|Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I have come to hide you,” darkness told the star. “I'm too bright,” the defiant star replied.
Audrey Hepburn|For all sad words of tongue and pen, The saddest are these, 'It might have been'.
George Washington, George Washington's Farewell Address|There is nothing more important than love. And no law higher." - Malcolm Fade
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|I always thought falling in love was hard, but now I realize that was the easy bit. It’s staying in love that‘s the hard part.
Cara Delevingne|My big pet peeve with people posting food - and I love it when people post food - but my number one thing is when you're posting at a restaurant, and it's dark, like a date night, food never looks good. Flash looks horrible, no flash looks horrible. It's important to only do food photos during daylight - and it's all about color with Instagram.
Bryan Keyleader|Don't go thinking you can bounce me all over the ground just because I look like somebody's grandmother," the woman said dryly. "Some grandchildren need more raising than others, and I supply it," she grinned, showing very white teeth. -- Esa Bell, Shang Wildcat
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|The intelligent poor individual was a much finer observer than the intelligent rich one. The poor individual looks around him at every step, listens suspiciously to every word he hears from the people he meets; thus, every step he takes presents a problem, a task, for his thoughts and feelings. He is alert and sensitive, he is experienced, his soul has been burned...
Luke Bryan|Motherhood is wonderful, but it's also hard work. It's the logistics more than anything. You discover you have reserves of energy you didn't know you had.
Margaret Atwood, In Other Worlds: SF and the Human Imagination|The library is not, as some would have it, a place for the retiring of disposition or faint of heart. It is not an ivory tower or a quiet room in a sanitarium facing away from the afternoon sun. It is, rather, a command center, a power base. A board room, a war room. An Oval Office for all who preside over their own destinies. One does not retreat from the world here; one prepares to join it at an advantage.
Jessica Sorensen, The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden|Life is full of luck, like getting dealt a good hand, or simply by being in the right place at the right time. Some people get luck handed to them, a second chance, a save. It can happen heroically, or by a simple coincidence , but there are those who don’t get luck on a shiny platter, who end up in the wrong place at the wrong time, who don’t get saved.
Manfred von Richthofen|I know I'm likeable, but living with me is different. Yes, I can be charming. That desire to please people and learning what to do to charm their socks off is something many of us do. But you get into a relationship, and the party's over at some point. They see the real you.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|This time I read the title of the painting: Girl Interrupted at Her Music. Interrupted at her music: as my life had been, interrupted in the music of being seventeen, as her life had been, snatched and fixed on canvas: one moment made to stand still and to stand for all the other moments, whatever they would be or might have been. What life can recover from that?
Jean de la Bruyere|I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved.
Leon Trotsky|Design is an art, creative artist must have a beautiful mind
Jeanette LeBlanc|Life cracks us into unrecognizable shards of former incarnations. Slivers of our hurt and our pain and our shame nestles next to fragments of our truth, our divinity, our fierce reclamation of power.It is this very brokenness that allows us to knit together, kaleidoscope style. And we spin and shift and turn to the light until we appear brilliant, lit from within. Suddenly we are revealed; unexpected beauty born directly from brokenness.We have to be willing to break in order to become.
Gudjon Bergmann, Empowerment Basics|Forgiveness is probably the most important self-esteem building process anyone can undertake. Forgiveness is an internal response to the fact that we cannot, under any circumstances, change the past. The only things we can change are our thoughts about the past. Forgiveness happens when we stop wishing for a better past and understand that we are carrying hatred, anger and resentment within us.
Rachel Van Dyken, Elite|Does he ever eat cotton candy for breakfast?"He stepped around the counter to face us, lowered his gaze, and took a sip from the black mug in his hands."No," I said. "He's very much like the Big Bad Wolf. He eats little girls for breakfast."He spoke from behind the cup, his voice deep and as smooth as butterscotch. "She's wrong. I eat big girls for breakfast.
Auliq Ice|Sometimes in your life, you will get to the point where you are not even trying or worthy even taking a step a head of you, but you will have to go to the next step without thinking more.
Menachem Mendel Schneerson|When in doubt, take more time.
Alison Weir, Henry VIII: The King and His Court|News of the death of James V on 14 December gave even further cause for rejoicing, because his heir was a week-old girl, the infant Mary, Queen of Scots. Scotland would be subject to yet another weakening regency—it had endured six during the past 150 years—and should give no further trouble.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|My mother said I broke her heart...but it was my integrity that was important. Is that so selfish? It sells for so little, but it's all we have left in this place. It is the very last inch of us...but within that inch we are free.
Peter Rollins|A faith that can only exist in the light of victory and certainty is one which really affirms the self while pretending to affirm Christ, for it only follows Jesus in the belief that Jesus has conquered death. Yet a faith that can look at the horror of the cross and still say ‘yes’ is one that says ‘no’ to the self in saying ‘yes’ to Christ.
Shannon L. Alder|Often people that say they “don’t care” actually do. The moment they discuss you with their friends and family, compete with you, bad mouth you to others or react to anything you do or say is when they give themselves away. You can either be saddened or flattered that you effected someone so much. The perspective is yours to determine.
Eraldo Banovac|There are three characteristics of wisdom: knowledge, experience and patience.
Ashley Hay, The Railwayman's Wife|---Sleeps through the washes of the morning's colors and the warm brilliance of sunrise. She sleeps in a world where she remembers, perfectly, every detail about her husband, this day, that sentence, another touch. She will remember it all in the deepest sleep, and lose it again the moment her eyes open and she wonders how late it must be for the sun to already be so high and then remembers, in the next instant, what happened the day before.
Matias Dalsgaard, Don't Despair: Letters to a Modern Man|Your dissatisfaction with yourself speaks of a self-absorption, a vanity, which always gets in the way of your truly coming to rejoice in life.
Lisa Coyne, The Joy of Parenting: An Acceptance and Commitment Therapy Guide to Effective Parenting in the Early Years|Currently, the average age of exposure to hardcore pornography is 9 years old. None of this can be good for anyone... except the sex industry.
Lynne Truss|The people recognize themselves in their commodities; they find their soul in their automobile, hi-fi set, split-level home, kitchen equipment.
Sunday Adelaja|In the end, the focus on safety should be credited to the entire firearms-owning community, the “gun culture” if you will.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays: First Series|When friendships are real, they are not glass threads or frost work, but the solidest things we can know.
Debasish Mridha|Let us express our deepest gratitude for every moment that we spend in loving, laughing, and living out time that we call life.
James Emlund|Destroy yourself. Be on the edge of it all, and right before that weird place tells you to let it go completely; let the energy go in all directions. Falling on your face will never be fun, or purposeful. You don't own energy; you own the inertia!
Bertolt Brecht|'Utopia' is a positive and constructive program that gives people the opportunity, if you can start all over again, start from scratch and create laws and make decisions, will you be able to build a society that is better than the one we have; will it be chaos or happiness.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|The Tanakh teaches that, “The diligent will rule, while the lazy will be put to forced labor”. Most Jews work for themselves and hire employees instead of being employees.
P. D. James|I knew that the Hague Convention prohibited the use of poison in war. I didn't know the details of the terms of the Convention, but I did know of that prohibition.
Mensah Oteh|To become successful, you have to let go of something to get something else of greater value.
Gunbir Singh|Throwing caution to the wind, leaping merrily into the unknown,onwards they plunge,into the voyage of matrimony.
Lorien - Babylon 5, J. Michael Straczynski|Humans without humanity, war_torn world for eternity
Stephanie Hudson, The Two Kings|May I remind you, I am half Demon and I know full well how attracted I am to your dark side, just as the Angel in me is addicted to the shy and good girl that stands before me now.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|You were born of two flawed yet beautiful souls. Happiness is your birthright, and love is your guide.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Because rights are only claims against other people, and not claims on other people and their property, rights end when they infringe on the rights of others.
Amelia Hutchins|I should spank you; I didn’t enjoy you impulsively ditching me, but I did enjoy your driving.”“Wait, back up. You…” She paused as she replayed what he’d said earlier. “I was watching for you; how the hell?”“I think somewhere between screaming freedom, and crying your pretty little eyes out, you missed me sifting in and I was at a loss for the weirdness of the situation. I was also pretty sure you wanted some alone time
Federico García Lorca|But hurry, let's entwine ourselves as one, our mouth broken, our soul bitten by love, so time discovers us safely destroyed.
John William Tuohy, No Time to Say Goodbye: A Memoir of a Life in Foster Care|Father, I can’t take this,” I said.  “Why not?” “Because you’re a priest, Father.” “And my money’s no good because of it? What are you? A member of the Masonic Lodge?” “Naw, Father,” I said. “I just feel guilty taking money from you.”  “Well, you’re Irish and Jewish. You have to feel guilty over somethin’, don’t ya? Take the money and be happy ye have it.
Matthew Crow, In Bloom|Food matters because it's one of the things that forces us to live in this world -- this tactile, physical, messy, and beautiful world -- no matter how hard we try to escape into our minds and our ideals. Food is a reminder of our humanity, our fragility, our createdness.
C.J. Cherryh, The Faded Sun Trilogy|What is about to happen is not the reclaiming of Earth by a triumphant Mother Nature, a karmic repudiation of humanity's arrogant ill stewardship. Nothing we ever did mattered one way or another. This event has always been in the cards for man's planet, for the whole scope of our history, coming regardless of what we did or didn't do.
Matt Banach, Lost in Dream|Jax scratched his head, grinning. “Hey – is that a cannon of epic proportions, or is it just happy to see us?”“Cannon,” the brass skull clicked. It lowered itself to the ground, swiveling down into the snow. “Cover your ears and get down.
Jody Gehrman, Babe in Boyland|That’s not the only reason I’m stayin’, chica. I can’t leave you any more than I could walkout that door right now while my leg is busted up. I was just thinkin’ . . . should we tell yourparents now or later?”“Tell them what?” I ask, eyes wide.He kisses me softly, then says proudly, “That we’re in a serious, monogamous, committedrelationship.”“We are?”“Sí. And when I get out of here, I’m gonna fix the door to your car.
Josue Rivera|I don't want to be a memory, I want to be a thought
Osiris Brackhaus, Lovers in Arms|Yes, my boy, you are indeed much faster, bigger, and stronger than me and an altogether superior speciman of God's creation, but I have seen your like before. Only one of us can be master, and it won't be you.
Midhat Gazale, Gnomon: From Pharaohs to Fractals|His ironing seemed highly rational, with a constant speed that allowed him to get the best results, with the least effort; all the economy and elegance of his mathematical proofs performed right there on the ironing board. The Professor was definitely the best man for this job, we had to admit, since the tablecloth was made of delicate lace.
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|The only things that can ever be universal, in a sense, are scaling things.
Constance Dejong|I listen to people talking sometimes, that great river that is language, with all its undercurrents of grammar and nuance, and I wonder how we all learn so quickly to speak it, given that we begin when we are barely old enough to stand upright. I have no memory of finding it hard. Indeed, I have no memory of it at all.
Daniel R. Thorne|When the business people get done with the arts, all that’s left will be entertainment.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Don't Look Back|You have to embrace the idea of imperfection, even in the thing that is most perfect for you.
Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine|Few men want to achieve greatness for humanity, thought Jeffrey. What better person is there to work for?
Yusuf Hamied|If our hearts are ready for anything, we can open to our inevitable losses, and to the depths of our sorrow. We can grieve our lost loves, our lost youth, our lost health, our lost capacities. This is part of our humanness, part of the expression of our love for life.
Patti Smith, M Train|Personally, I'm not much for symbolism. I never get it. Why can't things be just as they are? I never thought to psychoanalyze Seymour Glass or sought to break down "Desolation Row." I just wanted to get lost, become one with somewhere else, slip a wreath on a steeple top solely because I wished it.
Rick Warren, The Purpose of Christmas|The more you pray, the less you'll panic. The more you worship, the less you worry. You'll feel more patient and less pressured.
J.R. Rim|Be it tart or sweet, always savor the moment. You'll not taste one just like it again.
Stephen Graham Jones|Claire.It was the last candle left within the Indian Agent. The last glimmer.He curled himself around it to keep it alive, and when the storm inhaled he studied his right hand, could feel her beside him in the carriage that night and, as if he could insist on this, looked up the depression he was calling a road, for the cabman's blindered horse, huffing through the snow, its lanterns swinging. Claire waiting for him on the worn velvet seat.
J.K. Rowling|All those poor elves I haven’t set free yet, having to stay over during Christmas because there aren’t enough hats!
Beth Pattillo, Jane Austen Ruined My Life|Every habit he's ever had is still there in his body, lying dormant like flowers in the desert. Given the right conditions, all his old addictions would burst into full and luxuriant bloom.
Alfred de Vigny, Stello|Supernatural is a dangerous and difficult word in any of its senses, looser or stricter. But to fairies it can hardly be applied, unless super is taken merely as a superlative prefix. For it is man who is, in contrast to fairies, supernatural; whereas they are natural, far more natural than he. Such is their doom.
Ben Witherington III, Making a Meal of It: Rethinking the Theology of the Lord's Supper|When exactly did this all change, and what were the social and theological factors that led to the change? The answer seems to be in the second century and: (1) because of the consolidation of ecclesial power in the hands of monarchial bishops and others; (2) in response to the rise of heretical movements such as the Gnostics; (3) in regard to the social context of the Lord’s Supper, namely, the agape, or thanksgiving, meal, due to the rise to prominence of asceticism in the church; and (4) because the increasingly Gentile majority in the church was to change how second-century Christian thinkers would reflect on the meal. Thus, issues of power and purity and even ethnicity were to change the views of the Lord’s Supper and the way it would be practiced.
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|Does the plain, simple beauty of life get buried under society’s so-called required daily activities or is that just true of me? No, I know I’m not alone in that feeling. We all get caught up in the making and spending of money. I know it’s not just me.
Nana Mouskouri|Happiness is being content with what you have, living in freedom and liberty, having a good family life and good friends.
Rachel Caine, Last Breath|Shut up!" Eve yelled from somewhere upstairs. "Jackass!""You know, when people say that, I just hear the word awesome,
Jettie Necole, The Vault|Everyone is dangerous in here, can’t you see that?” he warned.
Colleen Hoover|He never looks away, searching my eyes for truth. His reaction has left my heart pounding, shocked at how quick he was to dismiss any fault I may have had. I wish he was just as quick to dismiss his own faults, but he isn't.
C.S. Lewis|Lee was a born pedagogue, never happier than when his children were learning to do something the right way. It is a testament to Lee's affection and patience that his children did not rebel. In fact, they appear to have thrived.
G.K. Chesterton|The moment we care for anything deeply, the world - that is, all the other miscellaneous interests - becomes our enemy. Christians showed it when they talked of keeping one's self "unspotted from the world;" but lovers talk of it just as much when they talk of the "world well lost." Astronomically speaking, I understand that England is situated on the world; similarly, I suppose that the Church was a part of the world, and even the lovers inhabitants of that orb. But they all felt a certain truth - the truth that the moment you love anything the world becomes your foe.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|Women now have choices. They can be married, not married, have a job, not have a job, be married with children, unmarried with children. Men have the same choice we've always had: work, or prison.
Nicola Sinclair, Redemption|you’re so afraid of everyone pitying you that you’d rather nurture their contempt than accept their forgiveness"- Stacey Michaels
C. JoyBell C.|Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.
Truman Capote|That isn't writing at all, it's typing.
Timothy Zahn, Thrawn|All beings begin their lives with hope and aspirations. Among these aspirations is the desire that there will be a straight path to those goals. It is seldom so. Perhaps never. Sometimes the turns are of one's own volition, as one's thoughts and goals change over time. But more often the turns are mandated by outside forces.It was so with me. The memory is vivid, unsullied by age: the five admirals rising from their chairs as I am escorted into the chamber. The decision of the Ascendancy has been made, and they are here to deliver it.None of them is happy with the decision. I can read that in their faces. But they are officers and servants of the Chiss, and they will carry out their orders. Protocol alone demands that.The word is as I expected.Exile.The planet has already been chosen. The Aristocra will assemble the equipment necessary to endure that solitude does not quickly become Death from predators or the elements.I am led away. Once again, my path has turned.Where it will lead, I cannot say.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|Let go of all the drama, all that is superficial, all the worry over things you have no control over. Let go of the past. Don't lose yourself in competing and comparing yourself with others. Don't lose yourself in consumerism, in greed, in the acquisition of wealth. What matters the most is that you live. That you live as you, that you live IN your life as your genuine self. Don't put off living. Don't wait until the end of the day to enjoy a couple of hours of life. Don't wait until retirement. Be in whatever it is you do. If you can't, then make every effort to change what it is you do. Whatever you do, do it with care, concern and love. Don't over-complicate your life. Keep it as simple as you can. Do what you love as much as possible. Love what you do as much as possible. Love yourself. Appreciate yourself. Appreciate every drop of life you receive and make the most of it by not shying away from life. Life is meant to be lived. Don't forget to live.
Jaimal Yogis, Saltwater Buddha: A Surfer's Quest to Find Zen on the Sea|Contentment is not the fulfillment of what you want, but the realization of how much you already have.
Murray D. Lincoln, Vice President in Charge of Revolution|People believe that through the American way of life they can work together to encourage wider ownership of economic activities. In this way, they believe they can develop an economy of abundance which will provide a maximum of security and freedom.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Love, built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Trust was accumulated quickly, due primarily to the brute strength of the man's gentleness, his thereness. (p.36)
Arielle Hudson, The Cherry On  Top|And he kissed her. Slow, hot and oh so heavy. It wasn’t a kiss of love or romance. It wasn’t probing or questioning. It was simple; conquer. He kissed her like it was all he wanted. He kissed her like it was all that she needed and in that moment it was.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|There was a large crowd around us, and every face in it looked happy. We had little opportunity to talk until we reached the woods, where there were no flowers and no people.
C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man|If my duty to my parents is a superstition, then so is my duty to posterity. If justice is a superstition, then so is my duty to my country or my race. If the pursuit of scientific knowledge is a real value, then so is conjugal fidelity. The rebellion of new ideologies against the Tao is a rebellion of the branches against the tree: if the rebels could succeed they would find that they had destroyed themselves.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|I think that she is everything I have ever loved about our religion distilled down to fit into one person, everything about the faith that is both selfless and responsible.
Walter Alexander Raleigh|I wish I loved the human Race, I wish I loved its silly face, and when I'm introduced to one, I wish I thought "what jolly fun"!
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|Dignity is as essential to human life as water, food, and oxygen. The stubborn retention of it, even in the face of extreme physical hardship, can hold a man's soul in his body long past the point at which the body should have surrendered it.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Joe’s scientific life is defined by these significant near misses… He was Shackleton many times, almost the first: almost the first to see the big bang, almost the first to patent the laser, almost the first to detect gravitational waves. Famous for nearly getting there.
Andrew Kaufman, The Waterproof Bible|So I believe in the redeeming power of stories, I believe that stories are incredibly important, possibly in ways we don't understand, in allowing us to make sense of our lives, in allowing us to escape our lives, in giving us empathy and in creating the world that we live in.
Megan Mayhew Bergman, Birds of a Lesser Paradise: Stories|I had no illusions that now, in some final and dramatic flash of revelation, we would understand one another. We were done. It was a fact of my life--intractable and sad--that our relationship had been a failure. Still, with her prognosis came one last chance to be her daughter. [p. 163]
Sinclair Lewis, It Can't Happen Here|When Buzz gets in, he won't be having any parade of wounded soldiers. That'll be bad Fascist psychology. All those poor devils he'll hide away in institutions, and just bring out the lively young human slaughter cattle in uniforms.
Marty Rubin|...do you ever know a moment is important as it's happening, or is it only when you look back that you can see your life is changed?
Shaun David Hutchinson, The Five Stages of Andrew Brawley|Maybe that was what growing up was, understanding where the real magic lived in this world. Inside our very own hearts.
Rafael Cruz|India made a big mistake by signing up to TRIPS. With a population of 1.3 billion, India can't afford a monopoly in healthcare. Monopolies lead to higher prices and we can't allow them in a country like India with so much poverty and misery. It was like signing our own death warrant.
Don Roff|The best writers I've read possess oodles of self-doubt, yet claw their way up with each work and remain humble. Boastful ones, not so much.
Ian Hislop|As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
Walter Abish|Culture alone cannot explain the phenomena of such high rates of eating disorders. Eating disorders are complex, but what they all seem to have in common is the ability to distract women from the memories, sensations, and experience of the sexual abuse through starving, bingeing, purging, or exercising. They keep the focus on food, body image, weight, fat, calories, diets, miles, and other factors that women focus on during the course of an eating disorder. These disorders also have the ability to numb a woman from the overwhelming emotions resulting from the sexual abuse — especially loss of control, terror, and shame about her body. Women often have a combination of eating disorders in in their history. Some women are anorexic during one period of their life, bulimic during another, and compulsive eaters at yet another stage.
RVM|People are like pistachios. Some of them open up easily, but there are others who need to be really broken to get into.- RVM
Clark H. Pinnock, Tracking The Maze: Finding Our Way Through Modern Theology From An Evangelical Perspective|Just as at sea those who are carried away from the direction of the harbor bring themselves back on course by a clear sign, on seeing a tall beacon light or some mountain peak coming into view, so Scripture may guide those adrift on the sea of the life back into the harbor of the divine will.
Stefanie Weisman, The Secrets of Top Students: Tips, Tools, and Techniques for Acing High School and College|No time for anything, little time for everything
Kendall Grey, Strings|Live the message, don't just read about it and preach.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When reaching for the stars, beware of those who want to cut off your hands.
Alan Ball|'Caught' is a novel of forgiveness, and the past and the present - who should be and who shouldn't be forgiven. None of my books are ever just about thrills, or it won't work.
Martin Landau|When a salesperson truly cares about you, trust forms, and you're more likely to buy, come back for repeat business, and refer new customers.
K Hari Kumar|It's him, I feel it.
Brian Spellman, Cartoonist's Book Camp|If you only go around once in life, then why has that one gone around more than once?
Debasish Mridha|You fulfill your hearts universal desire for love not by accumulating, but by giving.
Nikki Rowe|In photographs of us together, she is always looking at the camera, and I am always looking at her.
Winona Ryder|I grew up in rural Pennsylvania, in a really rundown old house. I'd stay out till 8:30, 9:00 at night. Just blow in. My mom and dad never really cared much. It was okay. We were pretty free to roam. I mean, I had no concept of stopping play. It just didn't occur to anyone.
Nick Flynn, Another Bullshit Night in Suck City|My father some times he goes crazy, but sometimes nerves, crazy and mad in one place it's like daemon have started to control his life so he ended his life.
Debasish Mridha|Family is the garden of humanity where every flower grows with love and kindness, in search of beauty, purpose and happiness.
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|Life does find a way to create a balance somewhere between smiles and tears. And, like a pendulum's swing, life seldom stays in one place. Life keeps on moving until, one day, it stops.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life|One who cannot leave himself behind on the threshold of the moment and forget the past, who cannot stand on a single point, like a goddess of victory, without fear or giddiness, will never know what happiness is; and, worse still, will never do anything that makes others happy.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|That's the existential problem," Fat said, "based on the concept that We are what we do, rather than, We are what we think. It finds its first expression in Goethe's Faust, Part One, where Faust says, 'Im Anfang war das Wort'. He's quoting the opening of the Fourth Gospel; 'In the beginning was the Word.' Faust says, 'Nein. Im Anfang war die Tat.' In the beginning was the Deed. From this, all existentialism comes.
Marie Helvin|I wasn't a vegan when I came to Congress. It was a decision I made soon after I got here, and it's had such a positive impact on my life that I decided to try to help others as well.
Jon-Robert Holden, Blessed Footsteps: Memoirs of JR Holden|Success for you is a RECIPE that ONLY YOU KNOW the ingredients for.So to you I say ,COOK UP the success that ONLY YOU know how to make and allow the world to see YOUR CREATION!
Rebecca McNutt|The thoughts of his mind, besides, were of the gloomiest dye; and when he glanced at the companion of his drive, he was conscious of some touch of that terror of the law and the law’s officers, which may at times assail the most honest.
Judith C. Waller, Radio: The Fifth Estate|Safety was one thing, but what he really wanted was to be electrified, to be wounded, to be cast into the wilderness, to be released, to be exalted, and most especially to be surrounded by the drowning noise and ebullience and casual presence of friends calling out his name, demanding his presence.
Mlungisi Simelane|If you pull a plant out of the soil, you dont need to kill it. It will wither on its own. If you take a fish out of the water, you dont need to kill it. It will suffocate and eventually die. Likewise, if a man takes himself out of connection with God, you dont need to impose destruction on him. He will die spiritually, and its only a matter of time before he dies physically. Do not lose your connection this festive season and beyond. Whoever stays attached to the Source will have life
Caroline Sunshine|When I was a kid, dressing right and looking good was a priority. As I grew up, I just wanted to stay that way, stick out a bit and have my own thing. That's where white belts and wearing some colors started. So signing with Puma was a great fit for me. I usually travel with nine pairs of golf shoes and 10 belts.
Eileen Cook, With Malice|How will I know who I can become if I don't give myself the chance to try new things, to push myself beyond my natural boundaries? Who might I be if I am away from the things that I currently use to define myself?
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|We are participatory beings who inhabit a participatory reality, seeking relationships that enhance our sense of what it means to be alive. In terms of dharma practice, a true friend is more than just someone with whom we share common values and who accepts us for what we are. Such a friend is someone with whom we share common values and who accepts us for what we are. Such a friend is someone whom we can trust to refine our understanding of what it means to live, who can guide us when we’re lost and help us find the way along a path, who can assuage our anguish through the reassurance of his or her presence.
Adolf Guggenbühl-Craig, Matrimonio: Vivi o morti|For us the question is, has the marriage to do with well-being or with salvation? Is it a soteriological institution or a welfare institution?Is marriage, this opus contra natura a path to individuation or a way to well-being?
B.J. Neblett|You were a well-respected agent, Michael, a rags-to-riches fairytale ending. Until you became disgraced. Now it appears your own organization wishes to be rid of you. Why is this?”“My gun turned back into a pumpkin.
Frei Otto|I hope to grow another head and two more hands, like an Indian goddess.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|It's a very Greek idea, and a very profound one. Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it. And what could be more terrifying and beautiful, to lose control completely? To throw off all the chains of being for an instant, to shatter the accident of our mortal selves?
BBC Radio 4|Sometimes it's a revelation, even to me, how much more comfortable I am with cruelty than with kindness.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Day followed day, and night followed night, until Dany knew she could not endure a moment longer. She would kill herself rather than go on, she decided one night... Yet when she slept that night, she dreamt the dragon dream again. Viserys was not in it this time. There was only her and the dragon. Its scales were black as night, wet and slick with blood. Her blood, Dany sensed. Its eyes were pools of molten magma and when it opened its mouth, the flame came roaring out in a hot jet. She could hear it singing to her. She opened her arms to the fire, embraced it, let it swallow her whole, let it cleanse her and temper her and scour her clean. She could feel her flesh sear and blacken and slough away, could feel her blood boil and turn to steam, and yet there was no pain. She felt strong and new and fierce. And the next day, strangely, she did not seem to hurt quite as much.
Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved|I cared about them. I wanted them to feel better, to live better lives. And then it occurred to me - I cared about myself. I wanted me to live a better life, too Caring about myself was allowing me to care about others.
Lynn Schusterman|We want order and security, and we want liberty. And we want not only liberty but equality as well.
Emil M. Cioran|The one who had not ever conceived his own annulment, who had not foreseen the resource of the cord, the bullet, the poison or the sea, is a debased prisoner or a crawling worm on the cosmic carrion. This world can take off us everything, it can forbid us everything, but nobody can't prevent us our self-abolition.
Debasish Mridha|Like a yogi, bend your thoughts to change your life.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|I wasn't even sure I wanted a man in my life again; by that time I'd exhausted the notion that the answer to a man is another man, and I was out of breath.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on his not understanding it.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|I promised you the moon for your throne and stars to wear in your hair," said Amar, gesturing inside. "And I always keep my promises.
Heather Cochran, The Return of Jonah Gray|Repotting a plant gives it space to grow. Repotting ourselves means taking leave of our everyday environments and walking into unfamiliar territory—of the heart, of the mind and of the spirit. It isn’t easy. The older we get, the more likely we are to have remained in the same place for some time. We stay because it’s secure. We know the boundaries and, inside of them, we feel safe. Our roots cling to the walls we have long known. But remaining inside can keep us from thriving. Indeed, without new experiences or ideas, we slowly grow more and more tightly bound, eventually turning into less vibrant versions of who we might have been.Repotting means accepting that the way is forward, not back. It means realizing that we won’t again fit into our old shells. But that’s not failure. That’s living.
Neel Burton|Resentment is a powerful and corrosive force, both on the slippery left and the slippery right, and the history of humankind can largely be read as a history of resentment. Aside from a profound philosophy of capital, what we really need is a profound psychology and philosophy of resentment. We must learn to live for ourselves, without reference to the other, and, at the same time, to rise above and beyond ourselves. Or else history will keep repeating itself, and our life will be a living death.
Miranda J. Barrett, A Woman's Truth: A Life Truly Worth Living|Manipulating or controlling others through the use of one's illness or suffering,for example,was-and remains-extremely effective for people who find they cannot be direct in their interactions,Who argues with someone who is in pain? And if pain is the only power a person has,health is not an attractive replacement. It was apparent to me that becoming healthy represented more than just getting over an illness. Health represented a complex progression into a state of personal empowerment in which one had to move from a condition of vulnerability to one of invincibility,from victim to victor,from silent bystander to aggressive defender of personal boundaries.Completing this race to the finish was a yeoman's task if ever there was one.Indeed,in opening the psyche and soul to the healing process,we had expanded the journey of wellness into one of personal transformation."-
Mercedes Lackey, Magic's Pawn|Many people are angry when they make a mistake, but very few people have the sense to be sorry.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|success, sales, selling, business, successful living, success self improvement, success quotes, success strategies, success in business, success in life, sales effectiveness, sales advice, sales training, personal planning, doing, moving forward, arriving, achieving success, achieving dreams, achieving excellence, achieving mastery, achievement, achievements, achievement and attitude, achievement gap, presentation, reputation,
Jeremy Glass|We can’t jump off bridges anymore because our iPhones will get ruined. We can’t take skinny dips in the ocean because there’s no service on the beach and adventures aren’t real unless they’re on Instagram. Technology has doomed the spontaneity of adventure and we’re helping destroy it every time we Google, check-in, and hashtag.
Christopher Isherwood, Journey to a War|It was October in Pennsylvania and on the first morning the ground was frosted. As I walked to breakfast, some guy yelled out, ‘Thirteen inches in the Poconos.’‘Is that I porn film?’ I asked.
Steven Wright|If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer?
Tim Minchin|Where other powers of entertainment are wanting, the true philosopher will derive benefit from such as are given.
Diane B. Saxton, Peregrine Island|… I studied the painting that hangs over the small fireplace. Immerse myself in art, I told myself. Immerse myself in the conversation of those strollers, people who seem to move about more comfortably in their early-evening twilight than I do, people of maybe sixty years ago.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|There is another reason also why the soul has traveled safely in this obscurity; it has suffered: for the way of suffering is safer, and also more profitable, than that of rejoicing and of action. In suffering God gives strength, but in action and in joy the soul does but show its own weakness and imperfections. And in suffering, the soul practices and acquires virtue, and becomes pure, wiser, and more cautious.
Alex Gibney|I apologize for being obvious, but every time I watch the curtain come down on even a halfway decent production of a Shakespeare play I feel a little sorrowful that I'll never know the man, or any man of such warm intelligence.
Victor Hugo|Dissociative parts of the personality are not actually separate identities or personalities in one body, but rather parts of a single individual that are not yet functioning together in a smooth, coordinated, flexible way. P14
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|I never attempt to take away people’s God from them, because that God is associated with a lot of human sentiments in the human psyche that act as fuel in daily survival. If you try to take away some hungry man’s stale bread, he would fight back, but if you give him something healthier and more substantial than the bread, then he would throw away the bread himself and accept your better food. The same is for God.
Alistair Begg|A good church is a Bible-centered church. Nothing is as important as this--not a large congregation, a witty pastor, or tangible experiences of the Holy Spirit.
Heidi W. Durrow, The Girl Who Fell from the Sky|Identity is theft, don’t trust anyone whose state vector hasn’t forked for more than a gigasecond, change is the only constant, et bloody cetera.
Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love Story|In the first few pages, Kundera discusses several abstract historical figures: Robespierre, Nietzsche, Hitler. For Eunice's sake, I wanted him to get to the plot, to introduce actual "living" characters - I recalled this was a love story - and to leave the world of ideas behind. Here we were, two people lying in bed, Eunice's worried head propped on my collarbone, and I wanted us to feel something in common. I wanted this complex language, this surge of intellect, to be processed into love. Isn't that how they used to do it a century ago, people reading poetry to one another?
Aijaz Ahmad|Normalization takes place not because there is Western-ideology that normalizes third-world texts in any special way (other than the usual play with exoticism) but because this academic seeks to domesticate everything, even Marx.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress: Regain Control of Your Life Using the Five Habits of Effective Stress Management|Habits equal autopilot. Take brushing your teeth for example. Once that becomes a habit, you don’t have to write positive affirmations or remind yourself constantly to brush your teeth. It is simply a habitual part of what you do every day. That is why I emphasize the five habits of stress management, not the five rules or the five goals. If you make these five habits an essential part of your life, then you will be able to manage stress effectively.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|As we open our hearts, what we notice is that information starts opening up for us in an unfolding process, as if life were being revealed layer by layer.
Auliq Ice|You stop worrying about things, just go with the ones you like, and there you'll find happiness and joy.
L. Wells|The room was two-tiered,its marble balconies filled with rams and water nymphs in fancydress; a kaleidoscope of colours swayed in time to the beat ofhypnotic music. A concerto of absent musicians, it played only inher mind. The numerous chandeliers with sculptured metal frameshung down from chains, with endless fireflies attached. At the farend stretched a grand staircase, dressed with a plush velvet carpetin deep cerise, and ceiling paintings edged with gold embosseddado rails clung to the walls.Then Eve honed in on herself and saw that she wore a crushedwhite taffeta A-line gown that fit her trim figure like a glove. Herbutterfly mask with floral patterns embroidered in red and goldsilk sat against her pale skin, her reflection like that of a porcelaindoll. A matching shawl rested softly on her shoulders. Everythingwas so beautiful that she almost totally lost herself in the mirror’sreflection."(little snippet from our book)
George Washington, George Washington's Farewell Address|If you bake a cupcake, the world has one more cupcake. If you become a circus clown, the world has one more squirt of seltzer down someone's pants. But if you win an Olympic gold medal, the world will not have one more Olympic gold medalist. It will just have you instead of someone else.
Annie Dillard|My favourite animal is the koala, but his life would be boring. I would rather be a giraffe so that I could contemplate the beauty of Africa.
Muhammad Iqbal|The new world is as yetbehind the veil of destinyIn my eyes, howeverits dawn has been unveiled
Ross  Turner, Voices in the Mirror|Time is indifferent of the events and triumphs and tragedies of mankind, and really even, for the most part, of its own inexorable passage.
Lee Child, A Wanted Man|Reacher prowled the hallway, his gun stiff-armed way out in front of him, his torso jerking violently left and right from the hips, like a crazy disco dance. The house-storming shuffle.
La India|The idea of being a novelist is really romantic, but it's kind of the same as being president of the United States - it's not gonna happen.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Thousands of people have entered churches without discovering a vital experience with Jesus Christ. The substitutes have been handed them in the guise of religious rituals, good works, community effort, or social reform . . .none of which can gain a person a right relationship with God.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Something wonderful is about to happen, and something awful is about to happen. You can dwell on either one. It’s your choice.
Benjamin Lotter|Blessed is the man who has the gift of making friends; for it is one of God's best gifts. It involves many things, but above all, the power of going out of oneself, and seeing and appreciating whatever is noble and living in another man.
Jay Woodman|Stories, whether they're good or bad, are expressions of interactions within society. Some may be seen as 'boring', but in their own right, they are still stories to be explored. People throughout life have more exciting endeavours than others, and that can be the same for stories. It's just a matter of segregating comparisons between the senseless and the thoughtful. The norm and the unbiased. We are what we are. As are stories.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence.
Nicole McKay, A bit of rubbish about a Brick and a Blanket|To be a critical reader means for me: (1) to affirm the enduring power of the Bible in my culture and in my own life and yet (2) to remain open enough to dare to ask any question and to risk any critical judgement. Nothing less than both of these points, together, can suffice for me. I was a reader of the Bible before I was a critic of it, but I found becoming a critic to be liberating and satisfying, and therefore I judge criticism to be a high calling of inestimable value. Yet, I recognize the prior claim of the text and the preeminence of reading over criticism; accordingly, I see and occasionally am apprehended by moments in which the text wields its indubitable power. The critic's ego says this could be a taste of the cherished post-critical naivete; the reader's proper humility before the text says that a reader should not judge such things.
Margaret Feinberg|I call them sacred echoes because I noticed that throughout my relationships, daily life, and study, the same scripturally sound idea or phrase or word will keep reappearing until I can no longer avoid its presence." -The Sacred Echo
Édouard Levé, Suicide|You were not surprised to find yourself ill adapted to the world, but it did surprise you that the world had produced a being who now lived in it as a foreigner. Do plants commit suicide? Do animals die of helplessness? They either function or disappear. You were perhaps a weak link, an accidental evolutionary dead end, a temporary anomaly not destined to burgeon again.
Erik Pevernagie|By freeze-framing the image of our lifestyle, by stopping our mental clock at times and letting time flow, 'psychological' time can replace 'chronological' time and our human condition can be called into question. This opens the door to a new challenge and a new future. ( "Svp "Arrêt sur image" )
James W. Bodden, The Red Light Princess|The talks were like blood transfusions, moments of realness and hope that were pinpricks of light in the dark fabric of small-town life.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.|To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.
Constance Baker Motley|If the court strikes down the Defense of Marriage Act, is that a 'liberal' result enabling gay couples married in states where gay marriage is legal to enjoy the same economic advantages that federal laws now grant to straight couples? Or is it a 'conservative' ruling, limiting the federal government's ability to override state power?
C. J Daugherty|When it's winter, there will be no place more delightful than the fireplace. It becomes my favorite place in the house during negative degrees. I love sitting near to it, staring at the flames amazed by their dance performance and enjoying its warmth. It makes me feel close to the sun. It makes me feel like dancing to its blazing beats and rhythm! I'm looking forward to summer. I'm looking forward to play and work in the garden again.
Susan Ee, End of Days|People open bookstores because they want their souls back.(from "Two Women" published in Do Me: Tales of Sex & Love from Tin House)
Dalai Lama|All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
Candace Bushnell|I still want to be angry, but I have to let my anger go.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Beyond these universal expressions of emotion, there are hundreds of variations which are often a matter of choice, whether consciously or subconsciously. Most every facial movement is connected to an emotion that conveys your state of being and your attitude
Bess Streeter Aldrich, Song of Years|Peace on earth will come to stay, When we live Christmas every day.
Jeyn Roberts, Dark Inside|Life is not always what we want it to be, but we can color it any way we like, in order to make it the perfect painting, even when things look rough, there is someone out there who has it worse than us.
John Updike, The Widows of Eastwick|People go around mourning the death of God; it's the death of sssin that bothers me. Without ssin, people aren't people any more, they're just ssoul-less sheep.
E. M. Forster|In politics women type the letters, lick the stamps, distribute the pamphlets and get out the vote. Men get elected.
William Wordsworth, The Prelude|In any love-story there are usually two stages or phases. There is the initial stage, where love is expressed by the giving of gifts, especially the gift of self. Then there comes a time when it is no longer enough to give gifts to the beloved, but one has to be ready to suffer for her or for him. Only then can it be seen whether the love is real. In the story of a vocation to consecrated virginity there are also usually two stages. There is the initial stage of the vocation, when, spurred on by grace and attracted by the ideal, one joyfully and enthusiastically says, "Yes, Lord, here I am!" Then comes the time of solitude of heart, of weariness, of crisis, when, in order to maintain that "Yes," one has to die
Billie-Jo Williams|Success is hard, rewards are scant and the glory not always there.
Fredric Jameson|The body lay outside an abandoned, boarded-up theater. The theater had started as a first-run movie house, many years back when the neighborhood had still been fashionable. As the neighborhood began rotting, the theater began showing second-run films, and then old movies, and finally foreign-language films.
Vimal Athithan|When you're young you can't work out the age of an adult - they're just quite old, old, or very old.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|The problem is you make the tricks look good. You are a brilliant acrobat, and a witty comedian. You are skillful. People want a fool to be foolish--trip on banana peels and grin and spout nonsense. These men want fools to make them feel better about themselves, not to remind them what they lack.
Gary Paulsen, Hatchet|Patience, he thought. So much of this was patience - waiting, and thinking and doing things right. So much of all this, so much of all living was patience and thinking.
Christopher Moore|Animals are more than ever a test of our character, of mankind's capacity for empathy and for decent, honorable conduct and faithful stewardship. We are called to treat them with kindness, not because they have rights or power or some claim to equality, but in a sense because they don't; because they all stand unequal and powerless before us.
Donald L. Ewert|Things that look like they were designed, probably were... If intelligence is an operative component of the universe, a science that methodologically excludes its existence will be susceptible to being trapped in an endless chase for materialistic causes that do not exist... Where there are sufficient grounds for inferring intelligent causation, based on evidence of "specified complexity," it should be considered as a component of scientific theories.Inclusion of intelligent causation in the scientific equation is not novel and has not impeded the practice of science in the past, e.g. Newton and Kepler, in an age when science was not constrained by a philosophical materialism, and by many current scientists who have remained open to following the evidence where it leads.
Nikki Rowe|Manifestation is like a flower, you must put so much intent into its energy before you can sight its beauty.
Debasish Mridha|Teaching is not only a profession, but it a is a purpose of a great life.
Stephenie Meyer|The look in his eyes turned a little wild. "That's the only reason I'm letting you go. If I had any choice--""You do," she said "Wed can all sit here and let him die. Or you can let Eve go on her wild-ass rescue mission and get herself killed. Or you can let sweet, calm, reasonable Claire go do some talking."He shook his head. His long, elegant hands, which looked so at home wrapped around a guitar, closed into fists. "Guess that means there's no choice.""Not really," Claire agreed. "I was kind of lying about that choice thing.
Boris Johnson|All my life, I have maintained that the people of the world can learn to live together in peace if they are not brought up in prejudice.
Robert Cormier, The Chocolate War|In it's purest form, an act of retribution provides symmetry. The rendering payment of crimes against the innocent. But a danger on retaliation lies on the furthering cycle of violence. Still, it's a risk that must be met; and the greater offense is to allow the guilty go unpunished.
Kealohilani, Half-Hearts|I’d rather be a hopeless romantic than a skeptic, because while the hopeless romantic may get burned many times, the skeptic will never really experience love.
A.L. Kennedy|Read. As much as you can. As deeply and widely and nourishingly and ­irritatingly as you can. And the good things will make you remember them, so you won't need to take notes.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|As survivors, we’ve been conditioned to be victims sexually. Many of us have never learned to say no or to set limits on our sexual activities...To heal, it’s important that we take control, that we make active choices concerning if, when, and how we want to explore sexuality. Especially in the beginning, you need to put your own needs about sex ahead of anyone else’s.
Mary Jo  Putney, The Bargain|The restlessness and the longing, like the longing that is in the whistle of a faraway train. Except that the longing isn't really in the whistle—it is in you.
Anna Asche|Sooner or later everything that exists ceases to exist, and then something comes along to take its place, but not always something better.
Kindle Alexander, Full Disclosure|Logan looks up, registers my face and smiles immediately. I hold onto the back of a chair to steady my legs. Jeez, he’s got a nice smile; dimples appear in his chiseled cheeks and there is familiarity and warmth in his eyes. Real warmth, the likes of which I’ve not often seen. It suddenly strikes me that this man, whoever he might turn out to be, is genuine.
Andrea Heltsley|Yet for a moment it seemed to him that the men who had dragged marble from Italy and porphyry from Portugal, who had ransacked the jungle for its rarest woods and paid their millions to build this opulent and fantastical theatre, had done so in order that a young girl with loose brown hair should move across its stage, drawing her future from its empty air.
Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder|The feeling of awed wonder that science can give us is one of the highest experiences of which the human psyche is capable. It is a deep aesthetic passion to rank with the finest that music and poetry can deliver. It is truly one of the things that make life worth living and it does so, if anything, more effectively if it convinces us that the time we have for living is quite finite.
Leslea Tash, Bird After Bird|Whatever it was that came over him that night pulled a cord—her laugh, or her surprise gasp slipping out to think he’d do something so bold.
James D. Watson|I always have the fear that, if I don't commit 100 percent to my work, then it's gonna suffer.
Caitlin Moran, Moranthology|Keith Richards is a man without regret. When I ask him if—given the chance to do it all over again—he’d start taking heroin, he doesn’t pause. “Oh yes. Yes. There was a lot of experience in there—you meet a lot of weird people, different takes on life that you’re not going to find if you don’t go there. I loved a good high. And if you stay up, you get the songs that everyone else misses, because they’re asleep. There’s songs zooming around everywhere. There’s songs zooming through here right now, in the air.
C. JoyBell C.|Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.
Tony Orlando|Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ASK. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds.
Taylor Swift|A lot of people think if they’re shouting the loudest, they’ll be heard, but most people lose respect for you when you lose your cool. You have to maintain everyone’s respect, especially as a woman in a position of power. It’s terrible to be at that kind of disadvantage, where if you yell, people will talk about you behind your back more than if you were a man. Because of those social injustices we face as women, you have to make sure that no one can call you a crazy bitch.
Kenzaburō Ōe, A Personal Matter|The vitamin, mineral, metal and oil content of the human body drastically alters its reactivity to radiation exposures.
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|Life will sometimes, test your emotions.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|There can be no socialism without a state, and as long as there is a state there is socialism. The state, then, is the very institution that puts socialism into action; and as socialism rests on aggressive violence directed against innocent victims, aggressive violence is the nature of any state.
Nema Al-Araby|You have to have a plot too, you know? Because without it, your life is less of a story and more of an empty paper.
Ace Frehley|It seems to be that southern Europeans are just more intimate socially, whereas I like a lot of personal space - like, a mile from the nearest person is fine for me.
Sandesh Hukpachongbang|If God exists, he exists for all of us
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Rights are susceptible to subversion, as even granite is susceptible to erosion. My fifth Declaration posits how, in a cycle as old as tribalism, ignorance of the Other engenders fear; fear engenders hatred; hatred engenders violence; violence engenders further violence until the only “rights,” the only law, are whatever is willed by the most powerful
Evangeline Anderson, Str8te Boys|A work-in-progress generates its own energy field. You, the artist or entrepreneur, are pouring love into the work; you are suffusing it with passion and intention and hope.
Dogberry|Prospero, you are the master of illusion.Lying is your trademark.And you have lied so much to me(Lied about the world, lied about me)That you have ended by imposing on meAn image of myself.Underdeveloped, you brand me, inferior,That s the way you have forced me to see myselfI detest that image! What’s more, it’s a lie!But now I know you, you old cancer,And I know myself as well.
Jessica Dotta, Born of Persuasion|Why write about the past? Well, there's more of it.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|We're here to get to know and study ourselves. The path, the way to do that, our main vehicle, is going to be meditation, and some sense of general wakefulness.
Sharon M. Draper|I learned to dream through reading, learned to create dreams through writing, and learned to develop dreamers through teaching. I shall always be a dreamer.
Celia Rivenbark, You Can't Drink All Day If You Don't Start in the Morning|If I order an appetizer is there any chance I can get it quickly? I'm two and a half months pregnant with a Bradford," she said, not mentioning it was twins because the thought was actually starting to scare her and she hadn't told Trevor yet and didn't want him finding out this way. She just hoped the woman understood because she was close to crying. Judging by the slightly startled look on the woman's face she did.The waitress shook her head. "No, you're right. You probably won't be able to survive the wait," she said, sending Trevor, who was still trying to get the woman to leave, a glare. "I'll bring you out a bowl of clam chowder followed by chicken fingers, they'll only take a few minutes to prepare. Will that work?"Zoe nodded solemnly. "You are my hero.""I'll put a rush on your food," the waitress said before walking away."Bless you," Zoe said, fighting the urge to kiss the woman.
Manprit Kaur|Retain your peace by refusing to respond to rude, judgemental, or prying people. They won't understand anyway.
Robyn Donald, Tiger, Tiger|Falling in love was easy-when romantic attraction was combined with hungry, unsated desire, they formed a glamorous, glittering bauble as fragile as it was alluring, a bauble that could shatter as soon as it was grasped.Tenderness was a different story. It had staying power and the promise of a future.
Magith Noohukhan|Secrets are what can ease or crush a soul, mend or destroy a heart, and rescue or murder a life.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|The arbiter of a demanding wargame rendered the word "mismatch" as "challenge" in his language.
Dr. Seuss|Writing simply means no dependent clauses, no dangling things, no flashbacks, and keeping the subject near the predicate. We throw in as many fresh words we can get away with. Simple, short sentences don't always work. You have to do tricks with pacing, alternate long sentences with short, to keep it vital and alive.... Virtually every page is a cliffhanger--you've got to force them to turn it."~
Pamela Morris|Every great novel begins with a single word. One word, followed by another and another and another. Sentences forming paths to that dream.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Ownership breeds slavery: with every single thing that you acquire, comes a new worry of not losing that thing.
Oscar A. Romero|The church is God's remnant in a country, able to change the life of the nation
Angela Morrison, Sing Me to Sleep|If you'd only let me come by myself, none of this would have happened. Having you around makes everything worse.'She buried her head under her pillow. 'Stop it! you're so cold! You're heartless, you little robot!' The pillow muffled her words, but they still 
Johnny Depp|My body is my journal, and my tattoos are my story.
Dada Bhagwan|He who wants to go to moksha (Final Liberation), he will have to realize his own self. Otherwise no matter how much of anything else he does, he will not attain moksha (liberation).
Neil Gaiman, Adventures in the Dream Trade|And she felt like they, the two of them, right here, right now, could make something that defied tragedy.
Sam Crescent, Plus-Sized Perfection|Dedication note: To everyone, you are beautiful, and don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise.
Harvey Pekar, The Quitter|My parents' work ethic amazed me. How could they put in such long hours, day after day?Part of the reason was to keep the family going - to keep me going. I realized that, although we had different values derived from different cultures and wouldn't agree on certain issues, they were good people, incredible people, and I loved and respected them.
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|The next morning, boom! She found herself waking in bed next to the handsome, rogue-supporting character of her favourite novel. Out of the blue, Mary Sue was inside the #1 bestseller, epic fantasy novel ever written.
Mira Sorvino|I had a long time admiration for the Jewish people. Especially with their long time of courage, taking so much abuse for so long. I was only seven years old, but I could easily see the ungodly treatment that the white folks were handing the poor Jewish family whom I worked for.
Larissa MacFarquhar, Strangers Drowning: Grappling with Impossible Idealism, Drastic Choices, and the Overpowering Urge to Help|The brand building process is a marathon that takes time with patience, persistence, consistence, and authenticity to deliver on your unique promise of value
Debasish Mridha|Water is very soft and submissive, but not even the mighty mountain can resist it.
Rebecca Traister|There is a kind of woman who is economically powerful, professionally powerful, who threatens a white male grip on power that has a long historic precedent in the country. Independent women living outside of marriage threaten all kinds of things about the way power is supposed to work.
Auguste Comte|Everything great in science and art is simple. What can be less complicated than the greatest discoveries of humanity - gravitation, the compass, the printing press, the steam engine, the electric telegraph?
Albert Einstein|The ideals which have always shone before me and filled me with joy are goodness, beauty, and truth.
WIlliam R. Keates, Proceed with Caution: A Diary of the First Year at One of America's Largest, Most Prestigious Law Firms|It is true, law and war are much alike. War is but a more public kind of lawing; and law is but a more private kind of waring; and both of them remedies of the last refuge.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|But you are involved in the world, and your actions have consequences for other people, and if you don't recognize that, then that's the supreme kind of cruelty. Everyone shares someone else's fate to some extent.
Nikki Rowe|Love can be expressed in a myriad of different methods, but the most timeless and most treasured will always remain the classic love letter.
Sunday Adelaja|Nowadays, our lifestyle is to follow the herd than to use the head.
Brooke Hayward, Haywire|I remember at the reception you said to me, 'I'm the daughter of a father who's been married five times. Mother killed herself. My sister killed herself. My brother has been in a mental institution. I'm twenty-three and divorced with two kids.' I said, 'Brooke, either you've got to open the window right now'--we were on the tenth floor--'either you've got to open the window right now and jump out, or say "I'm going to live," because you're right, it's the worst family history that anybody ever had, and either you jump out the window or you live.
Vincent Frank|At the age of 12, my parents gave me a chemistry set for Christmas, and experimentation soon became a consuming passion in my life.
James     Baldwin|People aren't social, they're tribal. Race doesn't exist, but tribes are fucking real.
Stephen Cosgrove, Gnome from Nome|Why are you crying?" shivered the otter. "Because I am cold!" shouted the gnome. "Then why are you shouting?" chattered the otter. "Because," yelled the gnome, "when I shout it gets part of the cold from the inside out.
Lao Tzu, The Teachings of Lao-Tzu: The Tao-Te Ching|LoveEmbracing Tao, you become embraced.Supple, breathing gently, you become reborn.Clearing your vision, you become clear.Nurturing your beloved, you become impartial.Opening your heart, you become accepted.Accepting the World, you embrace Tao.Bearing and nurturing,Creating but not owning,Giving without demanding,Controlling without authority,This is love.
Bernie Sanders|Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Masters today, were Starters Yesterday, so begin now.
John Duncan|If I created a new depravity I would be a priestess, while my imitators would founder, after my reign, in abominable filth...Don't you think that proud men, copying Satan, are more guilty than the Satan of the Bible, who invented pride? Is Satan not respectable because of his unprecedented and divinely inspired sin?
Yo-Yo Ma|Touring is tough. You're almost in a haze because you don't really know where you are half the time: You're in a hotel room one moment, and the next thing you know, you're onstage performing for 60,000 people, then you're back on an airplane. It's very hectic and I couldn't do it without my family.
Joseph Joubert, The Notebooks of Joseph Joubert|Through memory we travel against time, through forgetfulness we follow its course.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos for the Next Millennium|They believed that if a mouse found your hair clippings and built a nest with them you got a headache. If the nest was big enough, you might go mad.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|Wrists are made for bracelets, not cutting.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|Away with them, away; we should not believe fairy stories if we wish to be good. Think of them as persons from the fairy wood.
Epictetus|When a youth was giving himself airs in the Theatre and saying, 'I am wise, for I have conversed with many wise men,' Epictetus replied, 'I too have conversed with many rich men, yet I am not rich!’.
Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck|Let's put aside the politics and trust the people. Let's embrace the unique opportunity we all have; take the heat and make the hard and difficult decisions, knowing that we're doing it to make things better for the people of Illinois.
Sue Monk Kidd, God's Joyful Surprise: Finding Yourself Loved|So, as we have our tea, I propose not only to operate on your heart so as to change your will, but also on your eyes so as to change your outlook. But wait a minute. No, I do not propose to operate at all. I myself cannot do anything of the sort. I am just mildly suggesting that you are perhaps dead, and perhaps blind, leaving you to think the matter over for yourself. If an operation is to be performed it must be performed by God Himself.
Emma Holly, Hot Blooded|My toes are going to come,"-MariannThe Night Owl
Kiersten White, Illusions of Fate|Love is a gift. One that doesn't need to be returned, just accepted.
Noah Feldman|Even though I'm not a competitive athlete, I have to still maintain things and try to keep myself fit because I am at that age where I need to make sure to get those regular checkups and make sure everything is in tact.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The truth is that wherever a man lies with a woman, there, whether they like it or not, a transcendental relation is set up between them which must be eternally enjoyed or eternally endured.
Dada Bhagwan|Advice should only be given when it is sought, otherwise our own worthiness gets assessed.
Abby Wambach|I shall endeavour still further to prosecute this inquiry, an inquiry I trust not merely speculative, but of sufficient moment to inspire the pleasing hope of its becoming essentially beneficial to mankind.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The typical atheist rebels against God as a teenager rebels against his parents. When his own desires or standards are not fulfilled in the way that he sees fit, he, in revolt, storms out of the house in denial of the Word of God and in scrutiny of a great deal of those who stand by the Word of God. The epithet 'Heavenly Father' is a grand reflection, a relation to that of human nature.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|You're wondering if I really would slit your throat. To tell the truth, I don't know either, but think of the fun we could have finding out.
Gabrielle Giffords|Mile by mile, it's a trial; yard by yard, it's hard; but inch by inch, it's a cinch.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|She could ask for anything, she thought dizzily, anything--an end to pain or world hunger or disease, or for peace on earth. But then again, perhaps these things weren't in the power of angels to grant, or they would already have been granted. And perhaps people were supposed to find these things for themselves.
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|your abuser tried to map your life for you. But he does not own you, and you have the freedom and the power to overcome and transcend the (negative) associations. You deserve to be happy, to be free of any feelings of shame or guilt or fear. You have the right to a completely satisfying sexual life. You are a righteous young woman. If you can get in touch with the feelings and consciously change the awful associations, you can re-map your life.
Jon Meacham, American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House|He was the most contradictory of men. A champion of extending freedom and democracy to even the poorest of whites, Jackson was an unrepentant slaveholder. A sentimental man who rescued an Indian orphan on a battlefield to raise in his home, Jackson was responsible for the removal of Indian tribes from their ancestral lands. An enemy of Eastern financial elites and a relentless opponent of the Bank of the United States, which he believed to be a bastion of corruption, Jackson also promised to die, if necessary, to preserve the power and prestige of the central government. Like us and our America, Jackson and his America achieved great things while committing grievous sins.
Fritjof Capra|If physics leads us today to a world view which is essentially mystical, it returns, in a way, to its beginning, 2,500 years ago. ... This time, however, it is not only based on intuition, but also on experiments of great precision and sophistication, and on a rigorous and consistent mathematical formalism.
Lady Gaga|Ignore all hatred and criticism. Live for what you create, and die protecting it.
S.A.  David, Wednesday|Yeah, Mel! If she shoves you again, smack her in the face!" bellowed Mika.Kira glared at Mika. "I mean, beat her in the race!
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|Get up in the morning on a mission to save prospective clients from the shabby, ill-fitting, overpriced and worthless alternatives that those charlatans - who are your competition - are trying to get away with flogging them.
Cj Lacuesta|The development of the proletarian elite does not take place in an academic setting. Rather, it is brought about by battles in the factories and unions, by disciplinary punishments and some very dirty fights within the parties and outside of them, by jail sentences and illegality. Students do not flock in large numbers there as they do to the lecture halls and laboratories of the bourgeoisie. The career of a revolutionary does not consists of banquets and honarary titles, of interesting research projects and professional salaries; more likely, it will acquaint them with misery, dishonory and jail and, at the end, uncertainty. These conditions are made bearable only by a super-human faith. Understandably, this way of life will not be the choice of those who are nothing more than clever.
Eve Dangerfield, Degrees of Control|So, daddy, huh?C’mon Blue-Eyes, don’t be like that. You kept screaming ‘more’ and it was the dirtiest thing I could think of.
Abhimanyu Jha, A Dilli-Mumbai Story ...when Love Won Over Terror|Because in some other universe, you are me, I am you, and we are perfectly happy together. Or perhaps not… and just like this…
Ali B. Moe|Like memories in cold decay, Transmissions echoing away, Far from the world of you and I Where oceans bleed into the sky..
Margaret Cavendish|I am grateful for the opportunities I have been given to participate in that work as a representative of my country, Canada, whose people have, I think, shown their devotion to peace.
Lalah Delia|Shout out to everyone transcendinga mindset, mentality, desire, belief,emotion, habit, behavior or vibration,that no longer serves them.
Dick Francis, 10 lb Penalty|no one is as they seem, and most of life, apart from honest betrayal, is lies and deceit. And the day we discover we are no different is the day we no longer want to live.
James Thurber|Prowling his own quiet backyard or asleep by the fire, he is still only a whisker away from the wilds.
Tupac Shakur, Tupac: Resurrection 1971-1996|My inspiration for writing music is like Don McLean did when he did "American Pie" or "Vincent". Lorraine Hansberry with "A Raisin in the Sun". Like Shakespeare when he does his thing, like deep stories, raw human needs.I'm trying to think of a good analogy. It's like, you've got the Vietnam War, and because you had reporters showing us pictures of the war at home, that's what made the war end, or that shit would have lasted longer. If no one knew what was going on we would have thought they were just dying valiantly in some beautiful way. But because we saw the horror, that's what made us stop the war.So I thought, that's what I'm going to do as an artist, as a rapper. I'm gonna show the most graphic details of what I see in my community and hopefully they'll stop it quick.I've seen all of that-- the crack babies, what we had to go through, losing everything, being poor, and getting beat down. All of that. Being the person I am, I said no no no no. I'm changing this.
Sherrod Brown|For the outside world, it may seem easy to enter into the industry if you belong to a film family, but, trust me, it's even harder, as you have to not only prove your talent but also carve your own niche and identity.
Friedensreich Hundertwasser|In the '60s when I was a student, there was this campaign to destroy 75 percent of the old buildings in Paris, replacing them with modern architecture. I realized this as a dangerous utopia. This modern vision did not understand the richness of the city. Thankfully, such destruction did not happen.
Anthony Liccione|The basic formula of life... SURVIVE. EAT. SHIT. FUCK. BUY A HOUSE and DIE. It's all been scripted. But there's no need to see the second act. You already know how the play ends, don't you?
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Lawful good to lawful evil!" said Simon, pleased."He's quoting Dungeons and Dragons," said Clary. "Ignore him.
Dick Durbin|Half a century ago, Ronald Reagan, the man whose relentless optimism inspired me to enter politics, famously said that he didn't leave the Democratic Party; the party left him. I can certainly relate. I didn't leave the Republican Party; it left me.
Sugata Mitra|We learn much during our sleep, and the knowledge thus gained slowly filters into the physical brain, and is occasionally impressed upon it as a vivid and illuminative dream.
Amy Chua|I do not think there was anything abusive in my house. Yet, I stand by a lot of my critiques of Western parenting. I think there's a lot of questions about how you instill true self-esteem.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|And of course I'm in the press all the time. So many books have been written about me; Into thin air, up in the air,Gone with the wind-
Walter Lippmann, Public Opinion|How is it that we can punish women who are paid by politicians yet allow freedom and forgiveness to the politicians who pay them? The irony of the situation is that if we allow Sptizer’s deep pockets to buy his way back into our homes and hearts, then it’s not young women he hired who are whores, it’s the people of New York.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An artist adopts a radically different view regarding the importance of time than a businessperson does. Instead of perceiving time as a merchantable facet doled out incrementally according to marketplace demands, an artist portrays time as an agent of destruction. The irrevocability of time frames the human condition. Time might the medium of all human experience, but its passage obscures and eventually obliterates all human endeavors. Time unchecked leads to a blank slate of nothingness. Time’s destructive march towards meaningless is arrested through memory and art depicting humankind’s struggles and accomplishments.
Lord Acton|There are 435 members of Congress. There's one 'Morning Joe' show. Hopefully, we can keep hammering the argument that you can disagree with other people and have debates but remain civil.
B. Kristin McMichael, The Day Human King|Both of you be safe," Nessa said, looking to Turner. "Welcome to my messed up home, by the way.""Messed up?" Turner asked. "They seem like a loving bunch, all willing to kill each other off. What's family if there isn't any drama?" Turner winked at Nessa, and she nodded in reply. Drama was what the sidhe were all about.
Ricky Maye, An Emerging Spirituality|We read about the name Jesus was given at his birth; Immanuel, meaning “God with us”. This God wasn’t content with dwelling in fiction, this God wasn’t content living with the seraphim and this God wasn’t content with bulls and goats anymore. This God wanted to dwell with you, with all of your mess, with all of your failures with all the dirtiness that is you; he wanted to sit with you. Here’s the amazing thing, God doesn’t care if you’re a catholic, a Lutheran, Post modern or Emergent; he wants to sit with you.
Annie Besant|Yes, I travel in unusual circles. George Osborne and his wife Frances are my cousins.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|dear kiara, The women in the shop told me that yellow rose represents friendship and red rose shows love. And the rosery is the only thing i own that i care for, its yours i'm yours C
Jonas Jonasson, The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared|Age isn't triggered by wrinkles,nor by the reduction of strong footing,for the true youth exists effectively in your heart,brightens through your smile and beats slow when your heart is right, innocent like that of a child
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|But it doesn't happen that way, I keep telling myself knowingly and sadly. Only in our fraternity pledges and masonic inductions, our cowboy movies and magazine stories, not in our real-life lives. For, the seventeenth-century humanist to the contrary, each man is an island complete unto himself, and as he sinks, the moving feet go on around him, from nowhere to nowhere and with no time to lose. The world is long past the Boy Scout stage of its development; now each man dies as he was meant to die, and as he was born, and as he lived: alone, all alone. Without any God, without any hope, without any record to show for his life.("New York Blues")
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|It’s over,” said Carmona to the town’s men at the casa alcaldía (city hall). “Word is that the United States Flag is waving in Guánica, Coamo and at El Morro and San Cristóbal Castles in San Juan. Puerto Rico is now United States territory.”“Another transition!” Manuel sighed. “What will this bring?
Acts 2:15|I have underlined words and sentences in one of the Bibles that has always been my study Bible, but when I look at those words and sentences now, I can’t remember why they were underlined. One day I was rereading a short story by Joanne Greenberg, and I came across a long passage that I had marked off, but as I looked at it, I couldn't remember why. Perhaps I had meant to ask her about it the next time we talked on the phone, but now I have no idea what it could be that I wanted to ask her. My Revised Standard version of the Bible is filled with markings, for I have gone through it word for word with study groups at least four times, and of course, I have used it on various occasions to begin speeches. I know that the underlined passages served some purpose, but here and there are verses that have no special meaning to me. It is almost as if a friend had secretly opened the book and made some markings just to tease me. What was the spirit trying to say to me then that I no longer need to hear? Or, what was I listening for then that I no longer care about?
Alan K. Simpson|In these days, it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education.
Mel Gibson|Whenever a chef cooks for his own ego rather than his guests, he/she set themselves up for ridicule and failure. In the end, it's the service industry. Our goal is to make our guests happy through our cooking.
Tony Judt|Generally, I love being part of a project that imparts a positive message, is somehow educational or enlightening, helps to bridge differences, or inspires viewers in some way.
Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman|We see that that ritual of reading every evening at the end of the bed when they were so little--set time, set gestures-- was like a prayer.
will.i.am|Sometimes, being different feels a lot like being alone. But with that being said, being true to that and being true to my standards and my way of doing things in my art and my music, everything that has made me feel very different... in the end, it has made me the happiest.
Lyudmila Ulitskaya, The Big Green Tent|Form is what transforms the content of a work into its essence. Do you understand? The character of music arises out of its form like steam from water,’ Yury Andreevich said. ‘With solid understanding of the general laws of form, which encompass all that is amenable to formulation, one can, by groping further, perceive the individual, the particular. Then, subtracting the general, one can sense a residue where wonder lurks in its purest, most undiluted form. Herein lies the goal of theory: the more fully one grasps what is available for comprehension, the more intensely the ineffable shines.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|Self-will and prayer are both ways of getting things done. At the center of self-will is me, carving a world in my image, but at the center of prayer is God, carving me in his Son's image.
Faraaz Kazi|We all have a certain knowledge about how the universe works. And when someone comes along and challenges that knowledge, we don’t know how to deal with it. We aren’t hardwired that way. It’s difficult to question everything you’ve ever thought to be true. So, like I said, it’s not your fault. You can believe me or not, but whichever you choose, you’re the one who has to deal with the consequences. So make your decision wisely, grasshopper,
Ani DiFranco|The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
Jerry Lee Lewis|I am right. I`m always right. One time I thought I was wrong, I found out I was right. 
Virginia Postrel|One of the reasons I love devils so much is not based in my faith, but because as a kid, I grew up loving heavy metal and horror movies, and the devil is such a huge presence in both.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|They say it grows so cold up here in winter that a man’s laughter freezes in his throat and chokes him to death,” Ned said evenly. “Perhaps that is why the Starks have so little humor.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|All that looks like reality to us is dependent on God. There is creation and Creator, nothing more. And creation gets all its meaning and purpose from God.
Sunday Adelaja|Some waste away their lives by drinking, partying or by simply having fun and living for pleasure.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Like Salvador Dali’s paintings of watches melting in the sand, time wanders at its own curious pace whenever you’re on vacation in a foreign country.
Robert A. Heinlein|Word count doesn't tell me when a story ends, my characters will tell me.
Robert Fanney|There are very few things that live in both this world and the world of dreams. Most are gods, angels and demons. The Stone you hold was made by Vlad Valkire the son of an angel and a demon. By the divine blood that ran in his veins, Valkire could see the light and hear the song of creation -- if only as glimmerings and whispers. "Over time, he became aware of the light and the music and as he grew so did his understanding of it. At the age of twenty two, he began his greatest labor -- the making of the Wyrd Stones. In them he captured the light and song of creation and by them some of the powers of gods, angels and demons fell into the hands of elves and men. A sorcerer who knows its secret may -- like a god, angel, or demon -- stand with one foot in this world and another within the world of dreams.  "Your Stone is a gateway into the world of dreams, Luthiel. When you sing, it opens and you are, in part, taken there. Others who hold a Wyrd Stone like yours may know when someone crosses into dream. When you sang, I could hear you quite clearly.
Gregory S. Prince, Jr.|Constructively challenging authority requires the basic habits of mind a liberal education seeks to instill: the ability to frame the essential questions; to think critically, analytically, and ethically about the problems those questions identify; and to respond effectively, creatively, and wisely to the implications of the analysis. It requires not only an ability to appreciate the complexity of a problem but also to identify its essence in order to achieve effective, just, and fair conclusions.
Elle Newmark, The Book of Unholy Mischief|To die is nothing, but to live with purpose and integrity, that's something
Donald Pillai|In order to improve our life for good always remember that regardless of what anyone else says and does, we are ultimately responsible for our own actions. This is the only way to experience victory, joy, and satisfaction every day of our lives.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I thought myself sufficiently shrewd to make whatever decisions I wanted to make, and then to be able to sufficiently steer those decisions away from the rather dark and nasty places they would naturally take me. And I stand oddly perplexed that suddenly everything around me is dark and nasty.
Tony Snow|If you allow one single germ, one single seed of slavery to remain in the soil of America... that germ will spring up, that noxious weed will thrive, and again stifle the growth, wither the leaves, blast the flowers and poison the fair fruits of freedom.
Kayla Davis|I take a picture, but it's not about who is in the picture or the background of it. It's about the memories and meanings it holds.
John Paul II|We fell, but we never let the box fall from our hands. Then we ran. We ran blindly, and men and houses streaked past us in a torrent without shape.
Helmut Schmidt, Sechs Reden|Misstraue jedem Politiker, jedem Regierungs- oder Staatschef, der seine Religion zum Instrument macht. Halte Abstand von solchen Politikern, die ihre auf das Jenseits orientierte Religion und ihre diesseitige Politik miteinander vermischen.
Edward Cullen (Stephenie Meyer)|You think the things you can touch and feel are the things that are real, but they are not. Over time, they all get old and decline. The people, the houses, the rocks and the mountains: one day they will all crumble. This is because they are not as real as the things that last forever. It is another one of the lessons we come to teach.
Jonathan Edwards, The Life and Diary of David Brainerd|If the heart be chiefly and directly fixed on God, and the soul engaged to glorify him, some degree of religious affection will be the effect and attendant of it. But to seek after affection directly and chiefly; to have the heart principally set upon that; is to place it in the room of God and his glory. If it be sought, that others may take notice of it, and admire us for our spirituality and forwardness in religion, it is then damnable pride; if for the sake of feeling the pleasure of being affected, it is then idolatry and self-gratification.
Rick Moody|I came from a tradition where souls were a theological reality, not a faith reality. Souls were for saving, not for communing. Souls were for converting and, once they were converted, they were to be left alone. Souls were too mystical, too subjective, too ambiguous, too risky, too... well, you know - New Age-ish.
Erin Beaty, The Traitor's Kiss|The wolfhound century leaps at my shoulders,But I am no wolf by blood.
John Darnielle, Universal Harvester|The wind comes across the plains not howling but singing. It's the difference between this wind and its big-city cousins: the full-throated wind of the plains has leeway to seek out the hidden registers of its voice. Where immigrant farmers planted windbreaks a hundred and fifty years ago. it keens in protest; where the young corn shoots up, it whispers as it passes, crossing field after field in its own time, following eastward trends but in no hurry to find open water. You can't usually see it in paintings, but it's an important part of the scenery.
Maya Banks, Sweet Surrender|Women were supposed to be the enigmas, but men? Moody, brooding bastards, the lot of them. A woman with PMS had nothing on a man. Where women might get hormonal once a month, men suffered their own brand of PMS on a daily basis. - Faith
Jack Ma|At its core, bitcoin is a smart currency designed by very forward-thinking engineers. It eliminates the need for banks, gets rid of credit card fees, currency exchange fees, money transfer fees, and reduces the need for lawyers in transitions... all good things.
E.L. Konigsburg|It was as though he had secrets, and he wanted you to know he would keep them for the pleasure of depriving you of their taste.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|My mother wasn't a fool," I say. "She just understood something you didn't. That it's not sacrifice if it's someone else's life you're giving away, it's just evil."I back up another step and say, "She taught me all about real sacrifice. That it should be done from love, not misplaced disgust for another person's genetics. That it should be done from necessity, not without exhausting all other options. That it should be done for people who need your strength because they don't have enough of their own. ...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Without a vision, we are easy destructed by the storm's of life.
Ana Monnar|Whatever is going to happen will happen, whether we worry or not.
Antonie van Leeuwenhoek|You don't wake up one morning and say, 'Today is going to be a comedy day.' And the next day, 'Today's going to be a drama day.' Things happen in life that are fun and light, and things happen that are heavier. You just have to move your way through life, and I think 'BoJack' is a good reflection of that.
Dada Bhagwan|Speech’ is such a thing that if handled [used] correctly, it encompasses all the major vows (mahavrats).
G.K. Chesterton, The Return of Don Quixote|In ancient days, Deltora was divided into seven tribes. The tribesfought on their borders but otherwise stayed in their own place. Each had a gem from deep within the Earth, a talisman with special powers.
Algis Valiunas|The bottom line, as Raul Hilberg put it, was that most people thought that, even if Jews shouldn't be killed, they weren't worth saving.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|For some, the life journey has just started, for some, it is about to end; but in truth, there is no start and there is no end! There is just an ocean of particles playing aimlessly!
Bryanna Reid, Ветви Дуба|- Maybe you're a succubus who hunts for my flesh? Or Mephistopheles, who hunts for my soul?- Oh, no! I am much worse: succubus wants body, Mephistopheles wants soul, but I want you all, with your flesh and soul!
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|I'm an oracle of the past. I can accurately predict up to 1 minute in the future, by thoroughly investigating the last 2 years of your life. Also, I look like an old database – flat and full of useless info.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never doubt, pray and believe.
H.G. Wells, The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman|She had learnt many things since the days of her first rebellion, and she knew now that this matter of the man friend and nothing else in the world is the central issue in the emancipation of women. The difficulty of him is latent in every other restriction of which women complain. The complete emancipation of women will come with complete emancipation of humanity from jealousy — and no sooner. All other emancipations are shams until a woman may go about as freely with this man as with that, and nothing remains for emancipation when she can.
Anamika Mishra, Too Hard To Handle|Be strong enough to say this to yourself -Sins were mine, and so shall I have to pay for it
Mehmet Murat ildan|Learn to reverence night and to put away the vulgar fear of it, for, with the banishment of night from the experience of man, there vanishes as well a religious emotion, a poetic mood, which gives depth to the adventure of humanity. By day, space is one with the earth and with man--it is his sun that is shining, his clouds that are floating past; at night, space is his no more.
Michael Nava, The Little Death|Jesus, I’m not going to be one of those people who sits around talking about what they’re gonna do. I’m just going to do it. Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia.”	“Huh?” I asked.	“You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you’ll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
Shannon L. Alder|Allowing a person or thing to leave your life, without further pain is the basis of humanity. Everything else is the reason (theology).
Carl Henegan|Remain assiduously stubborn with your positive thinking, sooner or later the world around you will give up and let you have your way
Carl Hiaasen|Now more than ever we need to talk to each other, to listen to each other and understand how we see the world, and cinema is the best medium for doing this.
Michael Connelly, The Closers|The moon rose, squatting in the strained blue.
Philip Roth, Everyman|True, he had chosen to live alone, but not unbearably alone. The worst of being unbearably alone was that you had to bear it - either that or you were sunk. You had to work hard to prevent your mind from sabotaging you by its looking hungrily back at the superabundant past.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|It was pleasant - and the sense of otherness was nice, that there were two people involved in this process, that we were each giving something to the other.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|He was about to go home, about to return to the place where he had had a family. It was in Godric’s Hollow that, but for Voldemort, he would have grown up and spent every school holiday. He could have invited friends to his house. . . . He might even have had brothers and sisters. . . . It would have been his mother who had made his seventeenth birthday cake. The life he had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to him as at this moment, when he knew he was about to see the place where it had been taken from him.
Cheryl Strayed, Torch|It's a long life, sweetheart, and time heals all wounds.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Life is unfolding by each step you take - but, it is fulfilled by every choice you make.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Rule Number One in the India Savage Life Code: When in doubt or possible trouble, lie.
Sebastian Barry, On Canaan's Side|Once you want something, everything changes. Now I want everything. I feel it so much that I am water, a river of want,pooled in the shape of a girl.
Lisa Loeb|Keep in mind that there are computers, that do touch things up. Like when I got a hold of the poster for 'Gold Diggers,' I said: 'Hey, wait a minute! Those aren't my teeth!'
Walter C. Conner, Wizard Of Wisdom|Peter was now standing very close - as if he wanted to comfort me - as if he knew how hurt I felt that Mrs Knowles had not asked me to play or to sing. And I did feel comforted. It was as if a tide of warmth was carrying me out of myself, inclining me to trust him and to conduct myself well.
Otis Webb Brawley, How We Do Harm: A Doctor Breaks Ranks About Being Sick in America|There is no chronic disease to be found among fish and animal life in the sea that compares to those on land.It is also known that all land animals develop arteriosclerosis, yet sea animals have never been diagnosed as arteriosclerotic.
Kyung-Sook Shin, Please Look After Mom|We’re so caught up in our everyday lives that events of the past, like ancient stars that have burned out, are no longer in orbit around our minds. There are just too many things we have to think about every day, too many new things we have to learn. New styles, new information, new technology, new terminology … But still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away. They remain with us forever, like a touchstone.
Alexander Lowen, Pleasure|We must realize that we are all, like Dr. Faust, ready to accept the devil's inducements. The devil is in each one of us in the form of an ego that promises the fulfillment of desire on condition that we become subservient to its striving to dominate. The domination of the personality by the ego is a diabolical perversion of the nature of man. The ego was never intended to be the master of the body, but its loyal and obedient servant. The body, as opposed to the ego, desires pleasure, not power. Bodily pleasure is the source from which all our good feelings and good thinking stems. If the bodily pleasure of an individual is destroyed, he becomes an angry, frustrated, and hateful person. His thinking becomes distorted, and his creative potential is lost. He develops self-destructive attitudes.
Rebecah McManus, Colliding Worlds|Take bread away from me, if you wish,take air away, butdo not take from me your laughter.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Not everyone will support every mission or work, you can still enjoy their friendship. No one likes to feel that the only reason you are friends is what you can get out of them.
Kurt St. Thomas, Nirvana: The Chosen Rejects|Why are drugs so profitable? Essentially, many argue, it’s because they are illegal. By making drugs a criminal enterprise, it creates an enormous black market economy where drugs fetch far greater prices than they would if legal.
Soujourner Truth|Then that little man in black there, he says women can't have as much rights as men, 'cause Christ wasn't a woman! Where did your Christ come from? Where did your Christ come from? From God and a woman! Man had nothing to do with Him.If the first woman God ever made was strong enough to turn the world upside down all alone, these women together ought to be able to turn it back, and get it right side up again! And now they is asking to do it, the men better let them.
C. JoyBell C.|As women, we are always taught never to let a man know of our affections towards him, lest he laugh, run away, or think that we are psycho. But what if that's not true? Have you ever stopped to think that? What if it's like there's a beautiful little bird in our hearts and we're too afraid to let anyone see it in there? What's wrong with letting anyone know that there's a bird in your chest? Maybe there are lots of wrong ones, but maybe there's one that's just for you— the one who won't laugh or run away when he sees that little bird. After all, it’s just a pretty bird!
John Wesley|There is so much art can do to enlighten people, no matter what their views might be. If art can't go there or doesn't elevate the social consciousness in some way, then we are in peril.
Joanna Russ|The trouble with men is that they have limited minds. That's the troublewith women, 
Karl Lagerfeld|I never touch sugar, cheese, bread... I only like what I'm allowed to like. I'm beyond temptation. There is no weakness. When I see tons of food in the studio, for us and for everybody, for me it's as if this stuff was made out of plastic. The idea doesn't even enter my mind that a human being could put that into their mouth. I'm like the animals in the forest. They don't touch what they cannot eat.
James     Baldwin|Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the president or any other public official, save exactly to the degree in which he himself stands by the country. It is patriotic to support him insofar as he efficiently serves the country. It is unpatriotic not to oppose him to the exact extent that by inefficiency or otherwise he fails in his duty to stand by the country. In either event, it is unpatriotic not to tell the truth, whether about the president or anyone else.
Thomas Harris, Red Dragon|Stamp, your name is to be Laura. I'm sharing my name with you. I'm putting my power into you and you must do my work. Don't listen to anyone but me. You are to be my command laid on my enemy. you'll make a hole in him through which he'll drip away until he runs dry. As he drips out darkness, we'll smile together, me inside, you outside. We'll crush him between our smiles.
Jane Evershed|To read is to empower,To empower is to write,To write is to influence,To influence is to change,To change is to live".
Dulce María Loynaz|Cuando vayamos al maryo te diré mi secreto:Me envuelve, pero no es ola...Me amarga..., pero no es sal...
Lily Amis, Angel of Love  Lily: Zak, My Sweet Inspiration|I will always miss the person I thought U are. But not the selfish, unkind, insensitive and heartless person U turned out to be.
Scott Douglas, Quiet, Please: Dispatches From A Public Librarian|There was the smell of old books, a smell that has a way of making all libraries seem the same. Some say that smell is asbestos. 
Jerry Saltz|Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|You don't have to say anything if you don't want to."Anna lies down, her head pillowed against my shoulder. Every second, another streak of silver glows: parentheses, exclamation points, commas—a whole grammar made of light, for words too hard to speak.
Charles Bukowski, Bone Palace Ballet|EnnuiTea leaves thwart those who court catastrophe,designing futures where nothing will occur:cross the gypsy’s palm and yawning shewill still predict no perils left to conquer.Jeopardy is jejune now: naïve knightfinds ogres out-of-date and dragons unheardof, while blasé princesses indicttilts at terror as downright absurd.The beast in Jamesian grove will never jump,compelling hero’s dull career to crisis;and when insouciant angels play God’s trump,while bored arena crowds for once look eager,hoping toward havoc, neither pleas nor prizesshall coax from doom’s blank door lady or tiger.
Chris Hardwick, The Nerdist Way: How to Reach the Next Level|You know, kid, ethics isn't about choosing between right and wrong; it's about choosing between grey and grey. It's about choosing between two equally desirable but mutually exclusive courses of action. Freedom or security? Courage or comfort? Self-examination or blissful happiness? Column A or Column B?
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|...free will does not mean one will, but many wills conflicting in one man. Freedom cannot be conceived simply.
Elie Wiesel|For the dead and the living, we must bear witness.
Enza Vita|We are all born to fly. Instead, we sit on the branches afraid of the leap into the unknown. But the unknown is where enlightenment lives. Our true nature is the unknown.
John Mark Green|I'm a pusher dealing hope, at the intersection of Desire and Despair.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Maybe honor was in its twilight. Maybe it had always been heading that way. Or worse, maybe it had always been an illusion.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Pirates of Bollywood|Everything is red, freakin pink, and all heartsy. Everywhere! It’s driving me insane!
Michael Nolan|If you are going to worry, don't do it. If you do it, don't worry.
Bill Murray|Man hands on misery to man. It deepens like a coastal shelf. Get out as early as you can, And don't have any kids yourself.
Jonah Winter, Gertrude is Gertrude is Gertrude is Gertrude|Pages and pages and pages with words all over the pages. My goodness, what fun. What fun to write whatever words occur.
Eleanor O'Hara|Never judge a book by its price"This is the price an author pays to be known. :)
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Basically, if the mind stays in the present, it’s impossible to worry. Upon careful consideration, it becomes clear that human beings are capable of worrying only about an event that has already transpired or one that may take place in the future (although the occurrence might have just happened or may be about to happen in the next instant). The present moment contains no time or space for worry.
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|Heterogeneous BoDs with independent thinking enforce governance, and diversity strengthens creativity.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|I am unlovable...I have tried to involve myself in other people, in relationships, and even - in my sillier moments - in love. But it doesn't work. Something in me is broken or missing and sooner or later the other person catches me Acting or one of Those Nights comes along.
Darren Alexander, Secret Rescue|His grin reminded her of a little boy at Christmas. “It’s a date then. Well, I don’t mean a date-date, but a date as in a scheduled event, unless you want it to be a date-date in which case, I should probably have given you more notice but you were already here so it seemed to be the thing to do at the time but you shouldn’t feel pressured or obligated to concede to a date-date unless of course… You want to.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Loneliness is never more cruel than when it is felt in close propinquity with someone who has ceased to communicate. Many a housewife staring at the back of her husband's newspaper, or listening to his breathing in bed is lonelier than any spinster in a rented room.
Jenna Morasca|It's not okay to just make up false things about someone, especially in their personal life. Professionally, fine! Scrutinize me all you want. I know that I can't please everyone, but personally, let's just leave it alone. It's going too far.
Temitope Owosela|When you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, how can you expect anyone to see you unlike you see yourself. Make you someone you like, and you will learn to love yourself. That is the first step in the quest for Love and acceptance.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Jay bent over the table, and the muscles in his arm stood proud as he drew the cue back. In one swift motion, he sent it cracking into the white, the other balls soon spinning across the green felt.“Your turn,” he handed her the cue, eyes glinting wickedly. “Need me to look after your end? Of the pool cue, I mean.” “I'm quite capable of looking after my own end, thanks,” Kayla replied archly, and quickly ran the chalk over her cue. “I know the importance of taking care of the tip.
Jill Badonsky, The Muse Is In: An Owner’s Manual to Your Creativity|Relax your expectations, in fact, purposely lower them so low that you feel excitedly naughty about showing up to perform your work with reckless abandon. If that’s hard, open to doing it that way just 5%. Deliberately perform below your skill-level to get started and to see what ideas fall out of a relaxed approach. And in that choice you will create an world of joy within yourself, you’ll truly be an artist of being alive.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There will be a time, when you ask for nothing but life.
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|Jesus is the starving, the parched, the prisoner, the stranger, the naked, the sick, the dying. Jesus is the oppressed, the poor. To live with Jesus is to live with the poor. To live with the poor is to live with Jesus.
T.K. Naliaka, A Difficult Damsel to Rescue|The unschooled European mind, inclined to rational reduction, to pigeonholing and simplification, readily pushes everything African into a single bag and is content with facile stereotypes.
John Corrigan|We always need a sound reason to move on, and we always pretend to have it.
Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, Red Riding Hood|Why do you care what happens to her? I thought we humans were vapors to you, here today and gone tomorrow.”“Caspida is . . . different. She reminds me of someone, someone I’d give my life for if I could.”“The queen?” he asks. “The one who died?”“Roshana. My dear Ro.” My voice is soft as a ripple on the water. “She once ruled the Amulens, and Caspida is her descendant. She has Roshana’s strength of spirit, and I cannot look at her without thinking of my old friend. If she were to come to harm on my account . . . I could not bear that through the centuries.” I already carry a mountain of shame, a constant reminder of that day on Mount Tissia.Aladdin lifts a hand and brushes the hair back from my face. “You truly are remarkable, Zahra of the Lamp.
Dorothy Parker, Here We Are|I don't know," she said. "We used to squabble a lot when we were going together and then engaged and everything, but I thought everything would be so different as soon as you were married. And now I feel so sort of strange and everything. I feel so sort of alone.
Jennifer Shirk, Wedding Date for Hire|She hesitated a moment then slipped her arm through his. "Just remember, I lead, you follow."	"Okay, but when we're dancing at the wedding, I lead, you follow."	She sighed dramatically. "I guess I can agree to that."	He chuckled. "See? I have a feeling this the beginning of a beautiful fake relationship."	She worried her bottom lip as they walked toward the kitchen together. "I'm sure glad one of us feels that way.
Gaurav Suri, A Certain Ambiguity: A Mathematical Novel|Hippasus’ proof—or at least Nico’s retelling of it—was really so simple that when he finished sketching it out, I wasn’t even aware that we had actually proven anything. Nico paused for a few minutes to let us mull it over.It was Peter who broke the silence, “I’m not sure I understand what we have done.”Nico seemed to be expecting such a response. “Step back and examine the proof; in fact, you should try and do this with every proof you see or have to work out for yourself. ..."He again waited for his words to sink in, and it began to make sense for me. All my mathematics teachers (other than Bauji and Nico) always seemed to evade this part of their responsibility. They had been content to merely write out a proof on the blackboard and carry on, seemingly without concern for what the proof meant and what it told us.“But you should not stop here. Even when you have understood a proof, and I hope you have indeed understood this proof, ask yourself the next question, the obvious one, but as critical: So what? Or, why are we proving this? What is the point? What is the context? How does it relate to us? To answer these questions we have to step back a little. Let me show you—it’s really quite delightful.” Now there was excitement in Nico’s voice.
Bobby Heenan|If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family anatidae on our hands.
Rachel Cohn, Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List|Dumped doesn't even begin to describe it. If you're going to use a trash metaphor, incinerated is more like it.
Ice T|I always have this imagination, something I want to use. I don't understand the idea of leisure time.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Affair at Styles|I did not deceive you, mon ami. At most, I permitted you to deceive yourself.
Halldór Laxness, Independent People|I had never owned a pair of jeans, and I didn't plan on it. I'm not a cowboy, a farmer, or a 1950s greaser.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|I think the difference between a lie and a story is that a story utilizes the trappings and appearance of truth for the interest of the listener as well as of the teller. A story has in it neither gain nor loss. But a lie is a device for profit or escape. I suppose if that definition is strictly held to, then a writer of stories is a liar - if he is financially fortunate.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|It's not just the body that must survive a jail term: the spirit and the will and the heart have to make it through as well. If any one of them is broken or destroyed, the man whose living body walks through the gate, at the end of his sentence, can't be said to have survived it.
Gugu Mona|Be thankful for every mountain, because it's the mountain top that will give you best view of the world.
Antonia Hall, The Ultimate Guide to a Multi-Orgasmic Life|Humans are wired to want to share love, the essence of our being, with others. The more we close this area off by holding onto anger, frustrations, resentments and disappointments, the less we are able to love ourselves and others.
Phindiwe Nkosi, Behind the Hospital|My ideas were confused. In a peculiar way, the unreality of the outer world appeared to be an extension of my own disturbed state of mind.
Martin Seligman|As a Korean War veteran, I know firsthand and understand the sacrifices made by our men and women in uniform.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|He woke up to knocks on his door. “Just a minute!” he said out loud. “I’m coming!”He got up and straightened himself as he opened the door.“Besi!” he said, overcome with emotion.He held her and never let go.
Summer Sanders|This morning I lay in the bathtub thinking how wonderful it would be if I had a dog like Rin Tin Tin. I'd call him Rin Tin Tin too, and I'd take him to school with me, where he could stay in the janitor's room or by the bicycle racks when the weather was good.
Sarah Palin|Sometimes you feel as though you've slandered yourself, but the joke's on them.
Goitsemang Mvula|Be forever young in the flesh, it makes the mind flash light low, until the spotlight follows your shadow.
D.A. Blankinship, The Scoloderus Conspiracy|What says Christ doesn't return today and His most faithful followers don't turn around and have Him crucified again (if that were possible)? That’s what happened the first time, after all.
William James, The Principles of Psychology, Vol 1|A man's Self is the sum total of all that he can call his, not only his body and his psychic powers, but his clothes and his house.
Samantha Chase, This Is Our Song|Her eyes widened as he stalked her from across the kitchen.	“There is no way I can ignore you – it’s impossible. Just like it would be impossible to stop breathing.” And then, because he figured they were already fighting, he might as well poke the bear a little more. So he grabbed her and kissed her. Hard. Wet. And wild.
Maya Angelou|For me, religious festivals and celebrations have become an important way to teach my children about how we can transform living with diversity from the superficial 'I eat ethnic food', to something dignified, mutually respectful and worthwhile.
Kimberly Willis Holt, When Zachary Beaver Came to Town|Zachary smiles, and I wonder if he's felling different. Because standing out here waist deep in Gossimer Lake, next to my best friend, I'm feeling different-light and good and maybe even holy.
T.K. Whipple|America is the greatest, freest and most decent society in existence. It is an oasis of goodness in a desert of cynicism and barbarism. This country, once an experiment unique in the world, is now the last best hope for the world.
Zygmunt Bauman|The more we shelter children from every disappointment, the more devastating future disappointments will be.
Claire North, Touch|Have you ever or are you now involved in espionage or sabotage, or in terrorist activities, or genocide? I think we can put a big yes down for all of the above.
John Howard Yoder, When War is Unjust: Being Honest in Just-War Thinking|If the tradition which claims that war may be justified does not also admit that it could be unjustified, the affirmation is not morally serious. A Christian who prepares the case for a justified war without being equally prepared for hte negative case has not soberly weighted the prima facie presumption that any violence is wrong until the case for an exception has been made.
J. Wesley Porter, A Spiritual Dog: "Bear"|When the puppy licked my hand, we all knew he was the one for us
Harry Whitewolf, Route Number 11: Argentina, Angels & Alcohol|Driving down deserted early morning roads. Round and round. Round downtown. Through naked streets. Lips pursed on two litre bottles of beer, but pursuing the lips of freedom's night. Swapping cars. Winding up at karaoke bars or Bolsi- the best place in town. For the food. For the folk. For the service. For the crema de papaya. And for that late night dawn's whiskey coffee.
Darynda Jones, Eleventh Grave in Moonlight|Losing an unsaved loved one is hell, but that doesn’t mean that you need to go there yourself by turning away from God. Don’t make the same mistake he or she did.
Tariq Ali|I trained to be a priest - started to. I went to seminary school when I was 11. I wanted to be a priest, but when they told me I could never have sex, not even on my birthday, I changed my mind.
S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep|We’re constantly changing facts, rewriting history to make things easier, to make them fit in with our preferred version of events. We do it automatically. We invent memories. Without thinking. If we tell ourselves something happened often enough we start to believe it, and then we can actually remember it.
Neil Gaiman|I don't think immediate tragedy is a very good source of art. It can be, but too often it's raw and painful and un-dealt-with. Sometimes art can be a really good escape from the intolerable, and a good place to go when things are bad, but that doesn't mean you have to write directly about the bad thing; sometimes you need to let time pass, and allow the thing that hurts to get covered with layers, and then you take it out, like a pearl, and you make art out of it.When my father died, on the plane from his funeral in the UK back to New York, still in shock, I got out my notebook and wrote a script. It was a good place to go, the place that script was, and I went there so deeply and so far that when we landed Maddy had to tap me on the arm to remind me that I had to get off the plane now. (She says I looked up at her, puzzled, and said "But I want to find out what happens next.") It was where I went and what I did to cope, and I was amazed, some weeks later when I pulled out that notebook to start typing, to find that I'd written pretty much the entire script in that six hour journey.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|I’m insatiable? I am?” Alessandro asked cocking an eyebrow as he ran his warm hands along the satin material covering her body. “Alessandro. You’re alive. I can touch you, look into your eyes and hear your arrogant English voice. We’re gonna spend the rest of our lives together, that’s plenty romantic for me.” Bree pressed her mouth against him. He tasted of coffee and peppermint. He nibbled slightly on her lower lip before pulling away. “Darling, that sounds lovely, but my wedding night fantasy was more along the lines of fucking you into the mattress.” Bree smacked his shoulder. “Patience, Dardano. Tonight we take things slow, the mattress fucking will come in time. Now, get on your back and let me put my hands on you and assure myself that you’re real.” Alessandro sighed but did as she ordered. “Now if you feel anything-” “I certainly hope so or we have a very big problem,” Alessandro joked. She smacked his chest. “If you feel any pain you let me know and we’ll stop.” “Says the woman who’s smacked me twice in the past five minutes,” Alessandro said, but his eyes were shining with amusement.
Anonymous|[Rinda] often worried how she might make the coward she saw [in Remus] into a brave warrior, and someday, a king -- a task which she felt was her responsibility. Rinda had not yet realized that sometimes courage is the same thing as folly and that sometimes a skepticism bordering on her blindness to her brother's strengths was a result of her own sensitivity.
Sara Gruen|I don't care if we have our house, or a cliff ledge, or a cardboard box. Home is wherever we all are, together,
Terry Spear, The Vampire...In My Dreams|I thought he should know the truth.	"Some say that I'm a ... well a ..." I hated to say what others teased me mercilessly about... "A... slow learner."	He shrugged as if to indicate that it didn't mean anything to him, but seemed anxious about what to say to console me. Finally, he reached out and touched my hand. "Yeah, but they don't have life mates whose destines are written in the stars." I wanted to groan out loud. I was a slow learner and was to be mated with a vampiric human whose old flame wanted me dead. How was this a good thing?
Maggie Brendan, Deeply Devoted|If you will let it, this Blue Willow platter can represent my promise to fill your life with my trust and love and a houseful of children. - Peter Andersen
Roy T. Bennett|Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
Raghava|Learn good things from professionals but do not change like professional,it doesn't mean on what position they are..
David Gemmell, Lord of the Silver Bow|We make choices everyday, some of them good, some of them bad. And if we are strong enough - we live with the consequences. To be truthful I am not entirely sure what people mean when they talk of happiness. There are moments of joy and laughter, the comfort of friendship, but enduring happiness? If it exists I have not discovered it.
Teddy Crispin|I think that the behavior of M. Alexis Tsípras is a chance for the European Union to question itself about what is wrong about the Europe of Euro, and to measure the human sufferings caused by a policy that is first and foremost monetarily driven and is wrong. In a just and democratic society, the citizen and his rights are center stage, not the economy.
A. J. Liebling|Maybe we've been brainwashed by 130 years of Yankee history, but Southern identity now has more to do with food, accents, manners, music than the Confederate past. It's something that's open to both races, a variety of ethnic groups and people who move here.
Kate Fox, Watching the English: The Hidden Rules of English Behaviour|...fine love poetry tends to be written when the object of one's affection is at a safe distance; also, it often reflects a love of words more than a love of women...
Amy Ippoliti, The Art and Business of Teaching Yoga: The Yoga Professional's Guide to a Fulfilling Career|All kidding aside, if everyone did yoga, we would have world peace.
Christina Elle, In Walked Trouble|Yeah,” Joseph said. He rubbed his face over the back of Gage’s neck. “I want to smell the sweat on your skin and breathe in the scent of exhaust in your hair. I love the way you smell, Gage. My sexy, dirty bad boy.
Veronica Wolff, Isle of Night|And then he winked.Jeez, I thought my heart would explode on the spot. The last time a guy winked at me was years ago, and that’d been a creepy mall Santa.
Anne Lamott|You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|What is most lacking in the modern world of duplications and facsimiles, of endless information and intentional misinformation, is the authenticity that makes life truly meaningful and spiritually rewarding.
Janvier Chando, The Union Moujik|The purpose of life is to nurture joy, which involves those aspects of humanity that enrich the soul.
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|I think it's swell that there are people you don't have to worry about when you don't see them for a long time, you don't have to wonder what they do, how they're getting along with themselves. You just know that they're all right, and probably doing something they like.
Deyth Banger|I should have never left the inn,' she whispered. 'I shouldn't have done it!'There was something in the ground that Ma had warned in her note. It was real. And Lettie hadn't listened, and now this...
Graeme Murphy|And this year is going to be the 25th anniversary of the 17-0 team, the only undefeated season.
Suzi Quatro|I think it's unfortunate that there exists only one path in America to complete social legitimacy, and that is marriage. I think, for instance, that it would be far easier for Americans to elect a black president or a female president than an unmarried president.
Ruche La|Bonjour madame!” , he was coming out of the bathroom when he saw her in the corridor. He was in his blue towel, wrapped around his well built waistline. Rrlene blushed as she saw him semi naked but couldn’t help looking at his bare chest, which ran down to his flat stomach, further covered down by his long towel. His hair all wet, and there were still droplets on his shoulders. She was moving her eyes carefully from one part to another, appreciating everything she saw with her soft gaze, which was kind of stuck on his muscled up chest and she wondered he must have done a lot of tour de france and twisted her lips with a naughty smile.
John Gould Fletcher, Irradiations; Sand and Spray|Once they have dedicated themselves to a cause, women will fight to the end for it.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Coming out of the Tunnel....I am bursting with a new found feeling of my own existence.Strong and powerful frequencies.My mind is wandering to wide open fields and long-forgotten lands with limitless possibilities. I am not quite there yet.Holding still in anticipation,don’t want to miss hearing my inner voice – soft and deep.With me are friendly skies on rainy days and my life is getting warmer.
Michael  Grant, Plague|About time,” Brianna said.“Hey, sorry, we were kind of busy,” Quinn snapped. “And I didn’t exactly realize I was on a schedule.”“I don’t like what I have to do here,” Brianna said. She handed Quinn the note.He read it. Read it again.“Is this some kind of joke?” he demanded.“Albert’s dead,” Brianna said. “Murdered.”“What?”“He’s dead. Sam and Dekka are off in the wilderness somewhere. Edilio’s got the flu, he might die, a lot of kids have. A lot. And there are these, these monsters, these kind of bugs . . . no one knows what to call them . . . heading toward town.” Her face contorted in a mix of rage and sorrow and fear. She blurted, “And I can’t stop them!”Quinn stared at her. Then back at the note.He felt his contented little universe tilt and go sliding away.There were just two words on the paper: “Get Caine.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Fights were recounted, battles won amid wars sure to be lost; hope was clung to; families were both celebrated and denounced; it was agreed that friends just didn't get it; tears were shed; comfort proffered.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|The worst mistake you can make, Kroeber taught, is to see another person through the lens of your prejudices. And the second-worst mistake is to think you aren't looking though the lens of your prejudices.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Rather than continuing on the normal sexual path toward pain, emptiness, and idolatry, you can allow God to heal you, change the way you think, and place deliberate safeguards in your life to protect you.
Magnus Larsson|I love walking along Leith's waterfront and wandering around some of New Town's beautiful streets and squares, with their gorgeous Georgian architecture.
Jennifer White - Strong Heart Awakening|If you don't receive enough, have a look if you give enough.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|A strong confident person can rule the room with knowledge, personal style, attitude and great posture.
H.D., HERmione|He said you have to be on the side of the losers, the people with bad lungs. You have to be with those who are homesick and can't breathe very well in Ireland. He said it makes no sense to hold a stone in your hand. A lot more people would be homeless if you speak the killer language. He said Ireland has more than one story. We are the German-Irish story. We are the English-Irish story, too. My father has one soft foot and one hard foot, one good ear and one bad ear, and we have one Irish foot and one German foot and a right arm in English. We are the brack children. Brack, homemade Irish bread with German raisins. We are the brack people and we don't have just one language and one history. We sleep in German and we dream in Irish. We laugh in Irish and we cry in German. We are silent in German and we speak in English. We are the speckled people.
Jack Ma|One of my passions is photography. I always carry a camera in my bag whenever I travel. I always take pictures wherever I go, and some of them end up being really crazy ones.
Julian Darius, Nira/Sussa|He was not sure, but liked it. It recurred when they met suddenly or had been silent. It beckoned to him across intellect, saying, "This is all very well, you're clever, we know—but come!" It haunted him so that he watched for it while his brain and tongue were busy, and when it came he felt himself replying, "I'll come—I didn't know.""You can't help yourself now. You must come.""I don't want to help myself.""Come then."He did come. He flung down all the barriers—not at once, for he did not live in a house that can be destroyed in a day.
Dan Sofer, A Love and Beyond|The two events were probably unrelated, but both jolted Dave the way a sudden air pocket reminds nervous passengers that they’re soaring above the clouds in a pressurized metal tube.
Alan W. Watts|Dead’s not good, but at least it’s simple.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Letters|Be a good editor. The Universe needs more good editors, God knows.
Nora Roberts, Sea Swept|She pressed her mouth to his throat, his shoulder, would have absorbed him into her skin if she'd known a way.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Sion calls Anne an eel, he calls her a slippery dipper from the slime, and he remembers what the cardinal had called her: my serpentine enemy. Sion says, she goes to it with her brother; he says, what, her brother George? ‘Any brother she's got. Those kind keep it in the family. They do filthy French tricks, like –’‘Can you keep your voice down?’ He looks around, as if spies might be swimming by the boat.‘– and that's how she trusts herself she don't give in to Henry, because if she lets him do it and she gets a boy he's, thanks very much, now clear off, girl – so she's oh, Your Highness, I never could allow – because she knows that very night her brother's inside her, licking her up to the lungs, and then he's, excuse me, sister, what shall I do with this big package – she says, oh,don't distress yourself, my lord brother, shove it up the back entry, it'll come to no harm there.
Robert Macfarlane, The Old Ways: A Journey on Foot|We tend to think of landscapes as affecting us most strongly when we are in them or on them, when they offer us the primary sensations of touch and sight. But there are also the landscapes we bear with us in absentia, those places that live on in memory long after they have withdrawn in actuality, and such places -- retreated to most often when we are most remote from them -- are among the most important landscapes we possess.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Go on, my dear," urges the snake. "Take one. Hear it? 'Pluck me,' it's saying. That big, shiny red one. 'Pluck me, pluck me now and pluck me hard.' You know you want to.", clever girl, "expressly forbids us to eat the fruit from the Tree of Knowledge."?"Eve folds her arms schoolgirlishly. "God expressly forbade it. Adam said."The snake grins through his fangs, admiring Eve's playacting. "God is a nice enough chap in His way. I daresay He means well. But between you and The Tree of Knowledge, He is terribly insecure.""Insecure? He made the entire bloody universe! He's omnipotent.""Exactly! Almost neurotic, isn't it? All this worshiping, morning, noon, and night. It's 'Oh Praise Him, Oh Praise Him, Oh Praise the Everlassssting Lord.' I don't call that omnipotent. I call it pathetic. Most independent authorities agree that God has never sufficiently credited the work of virtual particles in the creation of the universssse. He raises you and Adam on this diet of myths while all the really interesting information is locked up in these juicy apples. Seven days? Give me a break.
Gift Gugu Mona|Learn to be your own best friend first then you will find true happiness, because happiness is from within.
Betty Edwards, The New Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain|If you are trying to decide among a few people to fill a position hire the best writer. it doesn't matter if the person is marketer, salesperson, designer, programmer, or whatever, their writing skills will pay off. That's because being a good writer is about more than writing clear writing. Clear writing is a sign of clear thinking. great writers know how to communicate. they make things easy to understand. they can put themselves in someone else's shoes. they know what to omit. And those are qualities you want in any candidate. Writing is making a comeback all over our society... Writing is today's currency for good ideas.
Deanna Vasquez|A person who reads lives more than one life, but that means that they die more than once as well.
Raheel Farooq|Talking to Robespierre, one tried to make the right noises; but what is right, these days? Address yourself to the militant, and you find a pacifist giving you a reproachful look. Address yourself to the idealist, and you’ll find that you’ve fallen into the company of a cheerful, breezy professional politician. Address yourself to means, and you’ll be told to think of ends: to ends, and you’ll be told to think of means. Make an assumption, and you will find it overturned; offer yesterday’s conviction, and today you’ll find it shredded. What did Mirabeau complain of? He believes everything he says. Presumably there was some layer of Robespierre, some deep stratum, where all the contradictions were resolved.
C.L.Stone|he's the yin to my yang" -Emma Wise
Anthony Bourdain|If I'm an advocate for anything, it's to move. As far as you can, as much as you can. Across the ocean, or simply across the river. The extent to which you can walk in someone else's shoes or at least eat their food, it's a plus for everybody.Open your mind, get up off the couch, move.
Michel Houellebecq|Sometimes the monotony of bingo and sing alongs, ancient dusty people parked in the hallway in wheelchairs makes me long for death, particularly when -- remember that I'm one of the ancient dusty people, filed away like some worthless chotski. 
Neel Burton|It’s the journey, not the destination, but that doesn’t make sense until you get there.
Karl Pilkington, An Idiot Abroad: The Travel Diaries of Karl Pilkington|She gave me the jabs and said I was covered for every worst-case scenario, including being bitten by a dirty chimp. I told her this is why we have over-population problems. Why are idiots who annoy dirty chimps being protected?
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|The depth of the feeling continued to surprise and threaten me, but each time it hit again and I bore it...I would discover that it hadn't washed me away.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|She's got a man's nightshirt on and stockings with holes in them. Somebody else's tie, a gold and green chevroned number, hangs around her neck and just at this moment it looks like a king's mantle draped over her shoulders. Her hair's all loose, her lipstick and eyeliner gone a-roving. She's got a cigar in one hand and a jar full of gin in the other, and she's laughing, laughing like for once that damned chicken crossed the road for something really good.
Onyi Anyado|The call of distinction cannot be heard by the average, neither can the vision of distinction be seen by the eyes of the mediocre.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Stories and Poems|Take this kiss upon the brow!And, in parting from you now,Thus much let me avow-You are not wrong, who deemThat my days have been a dream;Yet if hope has flown awayIn a night, or in a day,In a vision, or in none,? that we see or seemIs but a dream within a dream.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|If every work of the day had thus its appointed time, we should be better skilled, both in redeeming time and performing duty (556).
Nick Hornby, How to Be Good|As much as I would really like to have saved myself heartache, embarrassment or gossip, I also know that my biggest mistakes have turned into my best lessons and sometimes my greatest career triumphs. If my life had been turbulence-free, no bumps in the road at all, maybe my music would be beige, maybe the stadiums wouldn’t be full and the mantle would be a little more empty.
Lukas Foss|As human beings, we're very materialistic and have all this stuff - furs and cars and diamonds and money.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|To speak of these things and to try to understand their nature and, having understood it, to try slowly and humbly and constantly to express, to press out again, from the gross earth or what it brings forth, from sound and shape and colour which are the prison gates of our soul, an image of the beauty we have come to understand—that is art.
Nikki Rowe|Wild woman are an unexplainable spark of life. They ooze freedom and seek awareness, they belong to nobody but themselves yet give a piece of who they are to everyone they meet. If you have met one, hold on to her, she'll allow you into her chaos but she'll also show you her magic.
Daphne Kalotay, Russian Winter|One needed, she saw now, only a few belongings, just as one needed only a few close friends, and a single passion - it need not be a person, neccissarily.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have enough to share with the world; the gift of love, kindness, goodness, smiles, hugs, prayer, inspiration, fellowship, volunteerism and many more.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Nameless City|That is not dead which can eternal lie,And with strange aeons even death may die.
David Zabel|The mother's battle for her child with sickness, with poverty, with war, with all the forces of exploitation and callousness that cheapen human life needs to become a common human battle, waged in love and in the passion for survival.
Alphonse Karr|Athletes as role models and heroes is a hoax, a sick hoax. The men and women who are fighting in Iraq, they are the true heroes.
Ben Hecht|...if you've got writer's block, you aren't empty - maybe it's just like Twitter - overwhelmed, and loading seems to be taking a while...
Thomas E. Woods Jr., Beyond Distributism|...the average Frenchman would shrug, as if to say: "These notions of yours are all very fascinating, no doubt, but we make a decent living. Nobody has ulcers. I have time to work on my monograph about Balzac, and my foreman enjoys his espaliered pear trees. I think as a matter of fact, we do not wish to make the changes that you suggest.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|On a cooler sun on a primordial earth: "I later learned that biologists, when they are feeling jocose, refer to this as the 'Chinese Resaturant Problem'--because we has a dim sun.
Alfred de Musset, Fantasio|Alas, everything that men say to one another is alike; the ideas they exchange are almost always the same, in their conversation. But inside all those isolated machines, what hidden recesses, what secret compartments! It is an entire world that each one carries within him, an unknown world that is born and dies in silence! What solitudes all these human bodies are!
Mary Jane Hathaway, Emma, Mr. Knightley, and Chili-Slaw Dogs|Kissing Hugh was lovely. Glad I invented it. Can't rely on Austen for a snog, that's for sure.
Anton Chekhov|Still, the time I spent with her was more precious than anything. She helped me forget the undertone of loneliness in my life. She expanded the outer edges of my world, helped me draw a deep, soothing breath. Only Sumire could do that for me.
Steve Maraboli|Her occupation was the worst that anyone could think of. No guest in the park had to think of it because, unlike the wandering dwarf women, her job had no bearing on paper.
Glenn Beck|With Saturday morning cartoons, you've got to start at 6 A.M., right?
Franz Wisner, How the World Makes Love: . . . And What It Taught a Jilted Groom|...I just don't think we could ever get our heads around the concept of learning to love a stranger". But you already do, the Indians replied. You didn't choose your siblings, and yet you learned to love them. Your parents shoved you in a room and said, "Get along". And you did. You found the good in each other. You discovered that the more respect, caring, and altruism you added to the relationship, the stronger it grew.
Robin Brande, Fat Cat|Have you never been so heartbreakingly lonely that you felt as though you would go mad?”- Darcia Moon, Gravitation, Book One: Beyond the Pale
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|It will be a very long time before I trust you ever, ever - OK, I trust you again.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Devil May Cry|Left side, he is injured. Hold me close right.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|I believe in the possible. I believe, small though we are, insignificant though we may be, we can reach a full understanding of the universe. You were right when you said you felt small, looking up at all that up there. We are very, very small, but we are profoundly capable of very, very big things.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|There is reason that all things are as they are, and did you see with my eyes and know with my knowledge, you would perhaps better understand.
Kit Williams|Death remains about the one certain fact in the lives of each one of us, and there will be suffering, sorrow, and sadness next week as there was last week.
Stephen Biro, Hellucination|Imagine your life is a big canvas. Picture it in your mind and think about the beginnning of your painting of life.You're fourteen yours old, and you are lucky if you have one seventh painted. Now imagine the rest of the canvas is totaly empty. Every day you live, and every month and every year, means another inch that is painted on that canvas. You're going to be painting this empty canvas with your life and when you get to the end of it, what is that painting going to look like?
David L. Calof|Few of us enter romantic relationships able to receive love. We fall into romantic attachments doomed to replay familiar family dramas. Usually we do not know this will happen precisely because we have grown up in a culture that has told us that no matter what we experience in our childhoods, no matter the pain, sorrow, alienation, emptiness, no matter the extent of our dehumanization, romantic love will be ours. We believe we will meet the girl of our dreams. We believe 'someday our prince will come.' They show up just as we imagined they would. We wanted the lover to appear but most of us were not clear about what we wanted to do with them-what the love was that we wanted to make and how we would make it. We were not ready to open our hearts fully.
Lewis Carroll|You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
Hope C. Tarr, Claimed by the Rogue|It was a struggle to not fall in love with a man who was determined to be decent to her when what she sought was indulgence of her wanton nature.Her recently discovered, very frustrated wanton nature, damn him.
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. We were in a canoe, and we were paddling across the desert. You said you were thirsty, and I pointed to the sand that surrounded us and said, “No, I will not urinate in your mouth.” At that point I woke up, because I realized I really had to pee—and get a drink of water. 
Kevin Hooyman, Conditions on the Ground|Do you think that the people on reality T.V. shows are kind of good actors? I mean they would have to be! You can't ignore all the cameras and, you know, the whole situation of being on a reality show... But here is what I'm wondering. Do you think that they think of themselves as actors? Or do you think that they are living their lives behind an impenetrable shield? Like their entire approach to life is the same as an actor's approach to a performance? So when they had to act natural in an unnatural situation it was sort of no big deal.
Vita Sackville-West, The Letters of Vita Sackville-West and Virginia Woolf|I believe that the main thing in beginning a novel is to feel, not that you can write it, but that it exists on the far side of a gulf, which words can't cross; that its to be pulled through only in a breathless anguish. [VW]
John Maynard Keynes, The Economic Consequences of the Peace|What, then, is the government? An intermediary body established between the subjects and the sovereign for their mutual communication, a body charged with the execution of the laws and the maintenance of freedom, both civil and political.
Michel Foucault, What is an Author?|Texts, books, and discourses really began to have authors (other than mythical, “sacralized” and “sacralizing” figures) to the extent that authors became subject to punishment, that is, to the extent that discourses could be transgressive. In our culture (and doubtless in many others), discourse was not originally a product, a thing, a kind of goods; it was essentially an act _ an act placed in the bipolar field of the sacred and the profane, the licit and the illicit, the religious and the blasphemous. Historically, it was a gesture fraught with risks before becoming goods caught up in a circuit of ownership.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Break every chain of mediocrity that confines you. You may have begun at a level below average, but dare to leave that side and paddle your steps to cross the river with honours.
Ciore Taylor, The Conversation Starts Here: A Perspective of Self, Culture, and the American Society|American can mean anything you want it to mean. It can mean that you live in America. It can mean that you are privileged. Being American can also mean that you are diverse. In many ways, the title American is an oxymoron because one may look it on the outside but not feel it on the inside.
Mark Cuban|The advice I've been giving to people all my life - that you may not be interested in the dialectic but the dialectic is interested in you; you can't give up politics, it won't give you up - was the advice I should have been taking myself.
Christie Golden|Each part of your body corresponds with an element,” the Maiden explained. “Your hair is air. How you toss your head, play with your hair - that is all for air magic. You can command the wind. Arms are for fire,” she said, making fluttery, flame-like motions with her tendriled fingers and slim green arms. “Fire, fire elementals, electricity, light, and heat come from their movements. Water,” she said, swaying her hips, “is from your center. This is why your middle must be free to move. And earth is the feet, where you make contact with the mother of us all.
Patricia Lockwood, Priestdaddy: A Memoir|Looking back on the eruption, asking God why I had somehow been chosen to be afflicted with this damn disease, the fairer question would have been, “Why not me?” Why should I have been exempted from holding the proverbial short straw?
Neale Donald Walsch|It is a foolish judge who, before the evidence is presented, makes a judgement.
John Edgar Wideman|...This is a place of learning where very few learn anything of value. That you, who have courage and intelligence, are held in contempt by most of your kind here because you have no sorcery... I have seen you protect others, though they consider you to be weaker than they. I have seen a very few decent people, like the boy we took from the tower. I have seen women trade pleasure for coin to feed their children, and others do the same so that they could ignore their children while making themselves foolish with wines and powders. I have seen men who labor as long as the sun is up go home to wives who hold them in contempt for never being there. I have seen men beat and use those whom they should protect, even their own children. I have seen your kind place others of their own in slavery. I have seen them fighting to be free of the same. I have seen men of the law betray it, men who hate the law be kind. I have seen gentle defenders, sadistic healers, creators of beauty scorned while craftsmen of destruction are worshiped. Your Kind, Aleran, are the most vicious and gentle, most savage and noble, most treacherous and loyal, most terrifying and fascinating creatures I have ever seen.
Tobsha Learner, Tremble: Sensual Tales Of The Mystical And Sinister|No, what Great Aunt Winifred was suffering from was the persecution every happily single woman suffers: the predictable social condemnation of her independence and childlessness. Dorothy reminded herself of what she'd learned during a university course on feminist history (with a strong Marxist slant): spinsters are a threat to patriarchy.
Olivia Newton-John|Memories are the key not to the past, but to the future.
A.W. Tozer|Strength of my heart, I need not fail,Not mind to fear but to obey,With such a Leader, who could quail?Thou art as Thou wert yesterday.Strength of my heart, I rest in Thee,Fulfil Thy purposes through me.
Hubert Martin|Woven words are little conviction when I present myself as a man of fiction. And you a woman of lies and deceit, stumbling forward on two left feet. You are an exquisite figurine of an incomprehensible place, While I, a soldier of my cause, my race. A single sip of you would satiate thirst, hunger and empty. Yet, you stand unmoved, comfortable knowing you could stave desires plenty. To my heart, you are known as 'shatter.' Between saint and sin, you are the latter. End, not even my finest words will matter. The still, the silence, even then, you are famine to my soul. My chest lacks certain weight now; I simply wish to be whole. Now, I stand before you broken, humbled and so bare, Only to see your infinite eyes brimming with no care. Your heart is a cauldron that burns darkest fuel. And I a remnant of smog, the overly-bitter fool. The man of fiction stumbles forward on two left feet, The woman of lies weaves words of conviction and deceit.
Lisa Schroeder, I Heart You, You Haunt Me|When I look at the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes!
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|We might 'conquer' nature if we could first, or at the same time, conquer our own nature, though we do not see that human nature and 'outside' nature are all of a piece.
jahangir khosravi shakib|Books are almost as individual as friends. There is no earthly use in laying down general laws about them. Some meet the needs of one person, and some of another; and each person should beware of the booklover’s besetting sin, of what Mr. Edgar Allan Poe calls ‘the mad pride of intellectuality,’ taking the shape of arrogant pity for the man who does not like the same kind of books.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|There was something about the man that was throwing her right off, and it had everything to do with the boner in his pants.
María Virginia Farinango, The Queen of Water|Micah: “Come, on. Let’s get you out of here.” He began putting his arms under me and lifted me off my bed of rocks.“Oh, no. You can’t just come trotting in here like some hero. I’m saving myself this time. Go away!” “And let me just say you were doing a fine job lying there on your back.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Gate to Women's Country|Boys play with death as though it were a game, cutting their teeth on daggers.
Tarryn Tomlinson|PR *is* a shrewd, rough game. It's learning to psychologically manipulate, play on people's greed and vanity. Convincing a target audience to buy products and services they neither need nor want. Profiting from making them spend hard-earned money and feeling happy about doing it. Smiling as they empty their wallets. It's devious exploitation, taking advantage of the human psyche, and I'm good at it. Very good.
Pat Conroy, My Reading Life|Language is as old as consciousness, language is practical, real consciousness that exists for other men as well, and only therefore does it also exist for me; language, like consciousness, only arises from the need, the necessity, of intercourse with other men.
Alice Oswald|I was 20 years old, working as a roofer and a telemarketer and driving a taxi, just barely getting by. A friend of a friend suggested I try acting. I was like, 'Why? What am I going to do? Community theater?' But I took a class, and the teacher thought that I had potential, so I moved to Vancouver and started auditioning.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Thirst is the aim for quest,It keeps inspiring to find more and more;Otherwise, satisfied we would sit,And lazily rest on the shore!
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Sometimes standing for truth is painful and an isolated journey because truth is not always what we like to hear and live with. However, it is your belief in the purity of truth, your confidence in yourself and your godly values that will give you the strength to be a torchbearer of truth. With truth you are always a winner even if it comes late or with a price to pay.
Harold Kemp|Quietly...softly, God taps on our tense shoulders with His love.
Jon Carroll|The Getsmart PrayerI do my laundry and you do yours,I am not in this life to listen to your ceaseless yammering,And you are not in this world for any discernable reason at all.You are you, and I am I, and I got the better deal.And if by chance we find each other, it will be unspeakably tedious.Fuck off.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Labyrinth|Don't wish to be normal. Wish to be yourself. To the hilt. Find out what you're best at, and develop it, and hopscotch your weaknesses. Wish to be great at whatever you are.
Thomas Beller|When he opens the door, I step in and an army of memories comes at me from all sides.
Frank Herbert, Chapterhouse: Dune|Democracy is susceptible to being led astray by having scapegoats paraded in front of the electorate. Get the rich, the greedy, the criminals, the stupid leader and so on ad nauseam.
Alex Shvartsman, Explaining Cthulhu to Grandma and Other Stories|People don't really trust advertisement they trust people. A large percentage of people make purchase decisions based on their friends review than just from advertisers. Brands that rely sole on adverts to sell, will eventually fade out. You need to get people to talk about your brand in a more positive manner without twisting their arms. If you fake it your will fade. So, focus on relationship marketing, because customers are the best brand ambassadors
Stephen Richards|Everyone has their own idea of the perfect partner, but they usually do not consider what it is they have to offer one.
Debasish Mridha|A beautiful life is a life that is content and satisfied with material possessions, and has an abundance of hope, love, laughter, kindness, and compassion.
Edward Gibbon|Yes, they have all done some good work that has left our world a safer place today. But we need a more direct strategy that can endure for as long as the threat persists without hurting the sovereignty of nations and human rights of the same people it seeks to protect.
Nazim Ambalath|Spend more time alone learning keep doing that and don't allow your mind to focus on worthless complaints. In a nutshell, there is no such thing you can't solve it, it's a time for your brain need to invent a solution.
James Dean|The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself.
Norman Lock, The Boy in His Winter: An American Novel|What remains to be done must be done by you; since in order not to deprive us of our free will and such share of glory as belongs to us, God will not do everything himself.
Jane Taylor Starwood, Shattered Blue|His body jerks twice as the bullets hit him. I scream, but no sound leaves my mouth. I'm frozen in pure terror.
Philip Connors, The Best American Nonrequired Reading 2009|The dove descending breaks the airWith flame of incandescent terrorOf which the tongues declareThe one discharge from sin and error.The only hope, or else despairLies in the choice of pyre or pyre-To be redeemed from fire by fire.Who then devised the torment? Love.Love is the unfamiliar NameBehind the hands that woveThe intolerable shirt of flameWhich human power cannot remove.We only live, only suspireConsumed by either fire or fire.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays Including Essays, First & Second Series, English Traits, Nature & Considerations by the Way|We are students of words: we are shut up in schools, and colleges, and recitation -rooms, for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bag of wind, a memory of words, and do not know a thing.
Kyoko M., The Black Parade|His smile was sexy and warned of trouble, but I'd made up my mind that not all trouble was bad.
Markelle Grabo, The Elf Girl|The last thing I heard before falling asleep was, "Everything is okay now."No matter how much I wanted to believe Stellan, I knew he was terribly wrong.
Matthew Fox, Creativity|Where the Divine and the Human Meet" shows how important it is to meet the world with the creativity of an artist, particularly in these uncertain times: "What do we do with chaos? Creativity has an answer. We are told by those who have studied the processes of nature that creativity happens at the border between chaos and order. Chaos is a prelude to creativity. We need to learn, as every artist needs to learn, to live with chaos and indeed to dance with it as we listen to it and attempt some ordering. Artists wrestle with chaos, take it apart, deconstruct and reconstruct from it. Accept the challenge to convert chaos into some kind of order, respecting the timing of it all, not pushing beyond what is possible—combining holy patience with holy impatience--that is the role of the artist. It is each of our roles as we launch the twenty-first century because we are all called to be artists in our own way. We were all artists as children. We need to study the chaos around us in order to turn it into something beautiful. Something sustainable. Something that remains".
Jane Fonda|I would like to see more airplay for all artists, no matter what age. I think there's a lot of money being spent toward the young guys, but a lot of the older guys are the ones who blazed the trail for those young guys.
Elder Porphyrios|Every time you hear a car alarm, Ruby said, another New Yorker has gone to hell.
Sivaprakash Sidhu Sivaprakash G Sivaprakash Gopal, sivaprakash sidhu, sivaprakash, sivaprakash, sidh|Humans were so ignorant, taking for granted what they received from each other, never knowing the energy they passed between themselves.
Alexei Maxim Russell, Instruction Manual for the 21st Century Samurai|In our modern world, we look unkindly on mistakes and imperfection. But this is far from the samurai ideal. Mistakes are part of the learning process and if you haven't made them then you are, indeed, dangerous because it means you have never learned anything. Mistakes, to a samurai, are the proof of your learning.
Kamila Shamsie|The stories, though, they were all mine.
Nina Leavins|For five years, I have been sick and I have been trying to will myself to be better. To think harder about being better, to improve more. To become a better breather, reactor, meditator, hoping that if I just try hard enough, the symptoms will go away and I’ll feel like myself again, like a self I remember as if out of a rearview mirror except with this one, the objects are smaller than they appear. I have tried to force myself to be more clearheaded, energetic, grounded. Tried yoga, acupuncture, cognitive behavioral therapy, talk therapy, and long walks in the woods. And every few months, when I finally felt I’d reached a zenith of my abilities with yoga, CBT, or talk therapy, I would give it another shot: go to another doctor, a Western doctor, one with an M.D. and a white coat, and I would tell him or her my symptoms (for the gender of the doctor does not matter only, it would seem, my gender), and hope that once again, the doctor would pay attention, would take my case, would try to help me so that I didn’t have to so deeply and fervently try to help myself.
Heidi Hayes Jacobs|The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, The White Box Club Handbook: Simple Tools For Career Transition|Home does not have to be a place, but a feeling. Once one figures out how to find this feeling in multiple places they will always feel at home with them self.
Adele Theron|The only way to get over the pain is to face it, embrace it, hug it and learn the lessons embedded within it.
Scott O'Reilly, Socrates in Cyberspace: The Search for the Soul in the 21st Century|Philosophy may be blind without science, but science can lack vision without philosophy.
Deyth Banger|Socrates: (...)They should not pit themselves against the will of the Gods in thought or deed. Here lies the true path of virtue and happiness. The other way is arrogance, pride and hubris. It ends in tragedy, as we all well know from the Theatre.Hermogenes: Thank you Socrates. Does this also mean that what the Gods will is always virtuous and must be the Good?Socrates: Yes. There is no other basis for the Good.
Cory Bernardi, The Conservative Revolution|For all the advances in technology, science and communications, there are signs that we are failing in areas where it matters most: our personal relationships and society in general. The atomisation of society evidenced by the startling increase in recent decades of single person households and the identification of loneliness and isolation as one of our most pressing new social problems, should give us cause for concern.
Miles Watson, The Action|The Jews are cowering along the wall, eyes wide, palms up, fingers splayed -- a collective posture of submission. Even now, with everything that has happened, with the city in ruins and the dead as thick upon the streets as busted glass, they don't want to believe we are actually going to kill them. We are Germans, after all; the most civilized people in Europe. And we are soldiers, not murderers. Except for today. Today we are both.
Kaori Miyazono|Immortality doesn't fit with death,as mortal doesn't fit with eternity.
Eliza Dushku|My mom grew up in Idaho, went to Brigham Young University: they're very Molly Mormon. And my father is, like, first generation Albanian, and his parents lived in Southey and grew up in downtown Boston. My parents are complete opposites.
Seann William Scott|When there were first rumors of us going after LeBron, some fans wondered how we could do that after all that happened. But after the 'Sports Illustrated' letter, every fan is thrilled to have him back. That was so heartfelt.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A dog barks, but a lion strikes.
Brenda Joyce, The Promise|Even though Sean still held my head down I was the only one who thought to ask"Who's driving the boat?" Over the motor I heard girls screaming at us the instant before we crashed.
Jeff Bridges|Of the big horror movies of the '70s, you have 'The Omen,' 'The Sentinel,' 'Rosemary's Baby,' 'The Stepford Wives,' 'Burnt Offerings' - these are all romantic fatalist movies where there's a sort of glimmer of hope... but darkness wins.
Stephen R. Covey, The Divine Center|I believe that days one and two for most of us involve getting more control over the body-such as getting to be early, arising early, exercising regularly, eating in moderation, staying at our work when necessary even when tired. Too many are trying to conquer higher weaknesses such as procrastination, impatience or pride while still being slaves to their appetites. If we can’t control the body and its appetites, how can we control our tongues, or overcome the emotions or anger, envy, jealousy, or hatred?
Conor McGregor|We must search out totally new ways to anchor ourselves, for all the old roots religion, nation, community, family, or profession are now shaking under the hurricane impact of the accelerative thrust.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|For life is an expression, our unconscious actions the constant betrayal of our innermost thought. Confucius said that "man hideth not." Perhaps we reveal ourselves too much in small things because we have so little of the great to conceal.
Kristen Henderson|If you knew you were going to lose your memorybut you could choose five things you’d never forget, what would they be—a certain face, a taste, a scent,a touch; how deepin this, the middle of your life?
Amy Mah, Fangs Rule: A Girls Guide to Being a Vampire|People talk about the beauty of the spring, but I can't see it. The trees are brown and bare, slimy with rain. Some are crawling with new purple hairs. And the buds are bulging like tumorous acne, and I can tell that something wet, and soft, and cold, and misshapen is about to be born. And I am turning into a vampire.
Abraham Maslow|I think sometimes in life we want to ignore the problems of society and just think about the good. I believe in positive thinking and affirmative living, I also think it's really important to remember all of our disenfranchised members of society.
Nydia Velazquez|If you're in a heterosexual relationship and you're a female, you win.
Zen Cho, Spirits Abroad|It was better, he thought, to fail in attempting exquisite things than to succeed in the department of the utterly contemptible.
