George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|War seems like a fine adventure, the greatest most of them will ever know. Then they get a taste of battle. For some, that one taste is enough to break them. Others go on for years, until they lose count of all the battles they have fought in, but even a man who has survived a hundred fights can break in his hundred-and-first. Brothers watch their brothers die, fathers lose their sons, friends see their friends trying to hold their entrails in after they’ve been gutted by an axe. They see the lord who led them there cut down, and some other lord shouts that they are his now, They take the wound, and when that’s still half-healed they take another. There is never enough to eat, their shoes fall to pieces from marching, their clothes are torn and rotting, and half of them are shitting in their breeches from drinking bad water.If they want new boots or a warmer cloak or maybe a rusted iron half helm, they need to take them from a corpse, and before long they are stealing from the living too, from the small folk whose land they’re fighting in, men very like the men they used to be. They slaughter their sheep and steal their chickens, and from there it’s just a short step to carrying off their daughters too. And one day they look around and realize all their friends and kin are gone, that they are fighting beside strangers beneath a banner that they hardly recognize. They don’t know where they are or how to get back home and the lord they’re fighting for does not know their names, yet here he comes, shouting for them to form up, to make a line with their spears and scythes and sharpened hoes, to stand their ground. And the knights come down on them, faceless men clad in all steel, and the iron thunder of their charge seems to fill the world.And the man breaks.
Philip K. Dick, The Transmigration of Timothy Archer|We are sorry for the inconvenience, but this is a revolution.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Avatar|Then, she let it go.
Sinead O'Connor|And she was not beautiful asleep. Her expression slack and not angelic. The very ordinariness of it so beautiful he felt a yearning to be something more than he was or could be. And as good a player as he was, he knew as he turned on the reel to reel and hugged the Fender once again that nothing he composed would ever be as beautiful as her ordinary sleep.Watching her he played the music of her sleeping. And by surrendering made something beautiful.
Howard Tayler, Emperor Pius Dei|How many words are you having trouble with, sir?""Just the ones that I've highlighted.""I count at least a dozen, and I haven't gotten out of the first paragraph.""That's as far as I got, too. I'm not sure you and I speak the same language.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Anyone who doesn't fear God, has no idea at all about Him.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|When I feel clumsy or lost, I remind myself that nature, including me, was created by a a far wiser mind than mine. There is something in the cosmos - God, Spirit, Consciousness, Life Itself, call It what you will - that created and orchestrates nature, and did a pretty good job of it. Nature might just know what It's doing. Even when I don't.
Alysia Harris|I felt the threads of connection between us—fragile filaments, so easily snapped. Like the poem at shift into his side, we were craving to fit inside the other, and is melting and reshaping could be deeper, more resilient.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The best thing you can give a person is the courage and the desire to go beyond his culture, that little limited world of his!
Abdel Halim Boudekhana|The world that we live in is made up of two phases, the real world and the fantasy world
Michele Knight|Stand in Your Power: When a woman stands in her power and speaks her truth from the heart, it brings balance into the Universe and the opportunity to connect fully with Divine source
The Notorious B.I.G.|Nature is based on harmony. So it says if we want to survive and become more like nature, then we actually have to understand that it's cooperation versus competition.
Anthony T. Hincks|He may be a nobody to you, but he's a somebody to someone else!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Master of human destinies am I.Fame, love, and fortune on my footsteps wait,Cities and fields I walk; I penetrateDeserts and seas remote, and, passing byHovel, and mart, and palace, soon or lateI knock unbidden, once at every gate!If sleeping, wake -- if feasting, rise beforeI turn away. It is the hour of fate,And they who follow me reach every stateMortals desire, and conquer every foeSave death; but to those who doubt or hesitate,Condemned to failure, penury, and woe,Seek me in vain and uselessly implore--I answer not; and I return no more.
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|I like trains. I like their rhythm, and I like the freedom of being suspended between two places, all anxieties of purpose taken care of: for this moment I know where I am going.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you relax your mind, it can begin working for you.
Joe Hill, Horns|Dating is never mentioned in the Bible, not once. I’m not saying that dating’s a sin or that dating’s evil. That’s not what this book is about. What I am saying is that if we look to Scripture for specific answers on dating we’re not going to find any. That’s not a problem, though, because it has a lot to say about marriage, and when we figure out why God created marriage, we will figure out a lot about dating in return.
Catharine Marshall|We are leading as thorough a study of 'alienation's positive pole' as of its negative pole. As a consequence of our diagnosis of the poverty of wealth, we are able to establish the world map of the extreme wealth of poverty. These speaking maps of a new topography will be in fact the first realization of 'human geography.' On them we will replace oil-deposits with the contours of layers of untapped pedestrian consciousness.
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "Government" Like a mafia protection racket-without the protection.
Michelle M. Pillow, Spellbound|For ya, love, I will be anything ya want... even a potato.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|They rode through the quiet streets. The rain had stopped and an early morning mist fell around them under the streetlights. Victor remembered that his ancestors had believed this was a magical time when the gods walked the earth, Götterdämmerung, a time when men slept and divine creatures laid plans that ensnared or released them. He was not such a creature, no; he had to walk step by step on the hard earth beneath his feet and watch tragedies unfold, without shaping them. It was a disappointment to him.
Imania Margria|Sometimes you just have to find something to keep your body grounded, your mind flexible, and your heart open.
Marcus Buckingham|There has to be a way to redirect employee's driving ambition and to channel it more productively. There is. Create heroes in every role. Make every role, performed at excellence, a respected profession.
T.J. Klune, The Lightning-Struck Heart|How did you know they were there?" Glory asked. "Oh wait, I forgot, NightWings are all-knowing, all-seeing and all-brilliant, right?"  "Don't forget al-wonderful and all-brilliant.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|You became the sum total of where you lived, where you shopped, which church you went to, how many kids you had and which taxi company you used, and you only associated with people who had the same responses on their list.
Warren W. Wiersbe, Be Satisfied (Ecclesiastes): Looking for the Answer to the Meaning of Life|Peter Aykroyd has a wonderful eye for the telling detail, cameos that stick in the mind. Thse are the little touches that make it past come alive.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Racism is so universal in this country, so widespread, and deep-seated, that it is invisible because it is so normal.
Ray Bradbury, Green Shadows, White Whale: A Novel of Ray Bradbury's Adventures Making Moby Dick with John Huston in Ireland|I went to bed and woke in the middle of the night thinking I heard someone cry, thinking I myself was weeping, and I felt my face and it was dry.Then I looked at the window and thought: Why, yes, it's just the rain, the rain, always the rain, and turned over, sadder still, and fumbled about for my dripping sleep and tried to slip it back on.
Arthur Erickson|The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think. All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves.
Carol Birch, Jamrach's Menagerie|A soft smile curved up her lips, and my gut dropped a little. A smile…I’d never known a smile could have that kind of effect. Could feel like a kick to the chest.
Régis Debray, Media Manifestos: On the Technological Transmission of Cultural Forms|Information is strength without coordination. We become a danger mostly to ourselves when we have it. Understanding is the ability to coordinate that raw information in meaningful ways. Understanding creates a certain enthusiasm. We can direct our knowledge toward potentially useful ends--but we may also be a danger to others. Wisdom, however, is knowing how, when, and why we use our understanding; wisdom is settling into our understanding without being too enamored by it.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|Being thin created intense anxiety that I wouldn’t be able to maintain that weight for life, and I couldn’t.
Jerome K. Jerome|The main business of religions is to purify, control, and restrain that excessive and exclusive taste for well-being which men acquire in times of equality.
Farah Evers, Origins|He's heard tales of the Clone Wars -tales spoken by his own father. He knows how war goes. It's not many wars, but just one, drawn out again and again, cut up into slices so it seems more manageable.
John W. Gardner|Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|School did give me one of the greatest gifts of my life, though. I learned how to read, and for that I remain thankful. I would have died otherwise. As soon as I was able, I read, alone. Under the covers with a flashlight or in my corner of the attic—I sought solace in books. It was from books that I started to get an inkling of the kinds of assholes I was dealing with. I found allies too, in books, characters my age who were going through or had triumphed against the same bullshit.
Peggy Kopman-Owens, Underground - L' Autre Metro|For anyone who wanted to throw away his watch, along with his past, this was the place.
Molly Friedenfeld|Whenever you feel your light dimming, you can snap yourself back into feeling good with the simple mantra, ‘I’m getting brighter and brighter and brighter and brighter!
Michelle Horst, Wake Me Up|Guess what? “Someday” almost never comes around. It gets lost somewhere between the shouda, woulda, couldas of your life. Let go of whatever is holding you back and dare to live – boldly, bravely, and courageously - now. Remember, none of these elements mean you have to be fearless. It’s absolutely okay to be afraid! Acknowledge that part of yourself and then push beyond that fear, whatever it may be. I’m not brave. . . . I’m just taking every opportunity to LIVE.
Elle Kennedy, The Deal|Carol raised her hand slowly and brushed her hair back, once on either side, and Therese smiled because the gesture was Carol, and it was Carol she loved and would always love. Oh, in a different way now because she was a different person, and it was like meeting Carol all over again, but it was still Carol and no one else. It would be Carol, in a thousand cities, a thousand houses, in foreign lands where they would go together, in heaven and in hell. Therese waited. Then as she was about to go to her, Carol saw her, seemed to stare at her incredulously a moment while Therese watched the slow smile growing, before her arm lifted suddenly, her hand waved a quick, eager greeting that Therese had never seen before. Therese walked toward her.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|What pretty oracles nature yields us on this text, in the face and behaviour of children, babes, and even brutes! That divided and rebel mind, that distrust of a sentiment because our arithmetic has computed the strength and means opposed to our purpose, these have not. Their mind being whole, their eye is as yet unconquered, and when we look in their faces, we are disconcerted. Infancy conforms to nobody: all conform to it, so that one babe commonly makes four or five out of the adults who prattle and play to it. So God has armed youth and puberty and manhood no less with its own piquancy and charm, and made it enviable and gracious and its claims not to be put by, if it will stand by itself. Do not think the youth has no force, because he cannot speak to you and me.
Bob Newhart|I remember people saying: 'You look funny, your hair is so black, you have a flat nose,' but I didn't think of it being racism, and I still don't. But there was a sense of difference, of being an outsider.
Edward Zwick|Sometimes it's more difficult to exist as a female lead, especially in action movies because all those men are around you. They take so much place.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|There are many things from which I might have derived good, by which I have not profited, I dare say," returned the nephew. "Christmas among the rest. But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round -- apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that -- as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys. And therefore, Uncle, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, I believe that it has done me good, and will do me good; and I say, God bless it!" Fred, A Christmas Carol.
Stefan Zweig|As everyone knows, it is a thousand times easier to reconstruct the facts of what happened at a certain time than its intellectual atmosphere. The atmosphere is reflected not in official events but, most conspicuously, in small, personal episodes...
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|I couldn't look at her. I'd been jealous and hurt, and I had dragged Liv into the middle of my own broken mess of a life. All because I thought Lena didn't love me anymore. But I was stupid, and I was wrong. Lena loved me so much, she was willing to risk everything to save me. I had given up on Lena, after she had refused to give up on me. I owed her my life. It was as simple as that.
Dorothy Day|In this decisive hour of our national history, union means life and division means death.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|The firstsign of greatness is when a man does not attempt to look and actgreat. Before you can call yourself a man at all, Kipling assuresus, you must "not look too good nor talk too wise.
Steven Erikson, Toll the Hounds|You had the physical bullies and the emotional bullies and they both revelled in destroying lives.No, she had no time for them. But there were others whose strength was of a much rarer kind. Not easy to find, because they revealed nothing. They were quiet. They often believed themselves to be much weaker than they were. But when pushed too hard, they surprised themselves, finding they would not back away another step, that a wall had risen in their souls, unyielding, a barrier that could not be passed. To find one such as this was the most precious of discoveries.
Peter C. Brown|The finding that rereading textbooks is often labor in vain ought to send a chill up the spines of educators and learners, because it’s the number one study strategy of most people—including more than 80 percent of college students in some surveys—and is central in what we tell ourselves to do during the hours we dedicate to learning. Rereading has three strikes against it. It is time consuming. It doesn’t result in durable memory. And it often involves a kind of unwitting self-deception, as growing familiarity with the text comes to feel like mastery of the content.
Abraham Lincoln|That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Bill Willingham, Fables, Vol. 14: Witches|How above-the-law children's books are. Hansel and Gretel (littering, breaking and entering), Rumpelstiltskin (forced labor), Snow White (conspiracy to commit murder), Rapunzel (break of contract).
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Wouldn't be surprising. Most immortal females behave like they're in heat."Her brows rose. "You are the one who taught me about pleasure." ... "And now in another lifetime, you ridicule me for missing it? Come on, Chase. Take me to where you live. Scared I'll find some footy pajamas? A fleshlight? I want a bath almost as much as you need to watch me take one. I get so much more talkative when I'm clean. Loreans are really fastidious, you know.
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|In a battle between  two ideas, the best one doesn't necessarily win. No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it.
Toni Morrison, Jazz|Looked from different aspects hate just cause more problems it doesn't solve. I hate dogs, I hate black people, I hate yellow people, I hate this person, I hate my father, I hate my mother. And in the end what happens??It gets even more worse, what are you planning better life or a worse life - that's my question?!
Kathleen McGowan, The Poet Prince|Love is love. It is God-given, and a sacrament. It is not for any man to judge.
Debasish Mridha|If life is a prison, then death is the ultimate freedom.
Anne-Marie Willis|When you design it, think how you would feel if you had to fly it! Safety first!
Marcus Aurelius|We tell stories with maps about global warming, biodiversity; we can design more livable cities, track the spread of epidemics. That makes a difference.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|The facts of variability, of the struggle for existence, of adaptation to conditions, were notorious enough; but none of us had suspected that the road to the heart of the species problem lay through them, until Darwin and Wallace dispelled the darkness.
Margaux Bergen, Navigating Life: Things I Wish My Mother Had Told Me|What keeps [friends] together? Common history, some shared conquests, a delight in ideas and people and living. But they will also be distinguished by their ability to listen to you. They will not be uncritical, but they will understand and accept you. You will be interested in each other's happiness and well-being.
Thomas More, Utopia|Virtue, should there be anyone who still ignores the fact, always finds pitfalls on the extremely difficult path of perfection, but sin and vice are so favoured by fortune...
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If your passion does not keep you sleepless, you can't be a good beginner. When passion itches, a great hand scratches... Wake up, it's your time to rise above idleness!
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|Her last conscious thought was disgust at life; her senses had lied to her. The world was not made of energy and delight but of foulness, betrayal, and lassitude. Living was hateful, and death was no better, and from end to end of the universe this was the first and last and only truth.
Mary Stolz|As I write this entry, I touch a saber-tooth tiger skull in my office. Without stars there could be no skulls
Patrick White, Voss|If truth is not acceptable, it becomes the imagination of others.
Varsha Dixit, Only Wheat Not White|Just not a big fan of dogmatic rituals or gatherings. Like I put faith in god, I give a truckload of significance to karma, character and compassion.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you read, you will have great wisdom for great life.
Samuel G. Blythe, The Fun of Getting Thin|If a person gets rid of any weight, or girth, or fat, it isn't lost--it is fought off, beaten off.
Toni Morrison|Writing is really a way of thinking--not just feeling but thinking about things that are disparate, unresolved, mysterious, problematic or just sweet.
Thomas Carlyle|One night some short weeks ago, for the first time in her not always happy life, Marilyn Monroe's soul sat down alone to a quiet supper from which it did not rise.
Margo Vader|In silence, our senses come alive...We see the beauty around us more clearly, learn to listen to the language of silence, touch and smell the earth so pure and taste the sweetness of the air we breathe.
Michelle Obama|I think as long as you wear your imperfections on your sleeve, people respect it more.
Vijay Dhameliya|I would not anticipate the relish of any happiness, nor feel the weight of any misery, before it actually arrives.
Nick Kroll|I love books; my suitcases are always full of them. Books and shoes. I read when I am sad, when I am happy, when I am nervous. My favourite British author is Jane Austen, and my favourite American one is John O'Hara.
Pier Paolo Pasolini, Selected Poetry of Pier Paolo Pasolini, The: A Bilingual Edition|Every few days the sea delivers us gifts, and I am convinced that there is something of the divine nature in this process. Often I have prayed for a jacket, a bucket, or a handsaw, but instead I find one single flip-flop. Many times it has left my heart bitter, but then I find some useful purpose for my found treasure. Maybe the sea doesn’t give me what I want, but what I need.
Franz Kafka|It is a sign of contraction of the mind when it is content, or of weariness. A spirited mind never stops within itself; it is always aspiring and going beyond its strength.
Benjamin Péret, A Menagerie in Revolt: Selected Writings|I stopped living a long time ago, in order to simply exist. Now I am trying to leave existence, in order to step into nihility.
Michael  Grant, Fear|If there's fighting to be done, you just to have to stand and fight. That has always been true. It was that way throughout the war. You have to be true to yourself- you can never be something you are not, and you can't fool yourself.
H.W. Charles|Wealth is a planned result that requires productive work and dedication. The Tanakh says, “The plans of the diligent lead only to abundance; but all who rush in arrive only at want” (CJB, Proverbs 21:5).
Criss Jami, Healology|A utopian system, when established by men, is likely to be synonymous with a dystopian depression. The only way for perfect peace by man is absolute control of all wrongs. Bully-cultures find this: with each and every mistake, another village idiot is shamed into nothingness and mindlessly shut down by the herd. This is a superficial peace made by force and by fear, one in which there is no freedom to breathe; and the reason it is impossible for man to maintain freedom and peace for everyone at the same time. Christ, on the other hand, transforms, instead of controls, by instilling his certain inner peace. This is the place where one realizes that only his holiness is and feels like true freedom, rather than like imprisonment, and, too, why Hell, I imagine, a magnified version of man's never-ending conflict between freedom and peace, would be the flesh's ultimate utopia - yet its ultimate regret.
Paige Tyler, Her Fierce Warrior|Angelo pulled his uniform overshirt over his head without undoing the buttons, which she thought was a pretty impressive feat. Then she saw what he was hiding under there and decided the view was much more impressive. Technically, he was still clothed, but the light tan T-shirt was really tight, and she didn’t have to use her imagination very much to figure out there were a lot of muscles under it. Just the sight of his big arms rippling as he moved was enough to make Minka catch her breath.When he reached behind his head to pull off his T-shirt, Minka found herself licking her lips in anticipation. She felt bad for watching him like this, but she couldn’t help herself. Then she looked up and saw Angelo regarding her with an amused expression on his handsome face.“I understand why you want to keep the door open, and I’m okay with that,” he said. “But you might want to look the other way for this part.”Minka felt heat rush to her face. She nodded and stepped out of the doorway, turning to sit down on the floor beside the bathroom like Angelo had done. Her fingers dug into the stuffed sloth’s fur. She was glad he couldn’t see her face because it was probably bright red. Why had she been staring like that?
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Eric Schmidt likes to point out that if you recorded all human communication from the dawn of time to 2003, it takes up about five billion gigabytes of storage space. Now were creating that much data every two days
James Lee Burke|Entire years had passed when he was rich enough in time to disregard the loose change of a minute, but now he obsessed over each one, this minute, the next minute, the one following, all of which were different terms for the same illusion.
Stephen King, Joyland|When you're twenty-one, life is a roadmap. It's only when you get to twenty-five or so that you begin to suspect you've been looking at the map upside down, and not until you're forty are you entirely sure. By the time you're sixty, take it from me, you're fucking lost.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|An artist is identical with an anarchist,' he cried. 'You might transpose the words anywhere. An anarchist is an artist. The man who throws a bomb is an artist, because he prefers a great moment to everything. He sees how much more valuable is one burst of blazing light, one peal of perfect thunder, than the mere common bodies of a few shapeless policemen. An artist disregards all governments, abolishes all conventions. The poet delights in disorder only. If it were not so, the most poetical thing in the world would be the Underground Railway.''So it is,' said Mr. Syme.'Nonsense!' said Gregory, who was very rational when any one else attempted paradox.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|I returned, however, with unabated vigour to my work—a more arduous task than anyone can imagine, who has not felt something like the misery of being charged with the care and direction of a set of mischievous, turbulent rebels, whom his utmost exertions cannot bind to their duty; while, at the same time, he is responsible for their conduct to a higher power, who exacts from him what cannot be achieved without the aid of the superior’s more potent authority; which, either from indolence, or the fear of becoming unpopular with the said rebellious gang, the latter refuses to give. I can conceive few situations more harassing than that wherein, however you may long for success, however you may labour to fulfil your duty, your efforts are baffled and set at nought by those beneath you, and unjustly censured and misjudged by those above.
Terry A. O'Neal|For a brief moment I felt I was the older, the more mature."A gift of life," I responded, "if not to say, a gift of God, such as music, should not have the mocking charge of paradox leveled at it for things that are merely evidence of the fullness of its nature. One should love them.""Do you believe love is the strongest emotion?" he asked."Do you know any stronger?""Yes, interest.""By which you probably mean a love that has been deprived of its animal warmth, is that it?""Let's agree on that definition!" he said with a laugh. "Good night!"We had arrived again at the Leverkühn house, and he opened his front door.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|As followers of Christ, we are to be careful not to remain victims of the many cultural presuppositions of who he is, and what he teaches, insofar as taking for granted our own caricatures of him. Let it boil in both mind and heart the question, 'If Jesus were to appear today, how many of us would actually recognize him and his teachings (or would it simply be a recount of his first visit)?
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|Lila was able to speak through writing; unlike me when I wrote, unlike Sarratore in his articles and poems, unlike even many writers I had read and was reading, she expressed herself in sentences that were well constructed, and without error, even though she had stopped going to school, but–further–she left no trace of effort, you weren't aware of the artifice of the written word. I read and I saw her, I heard her. The voice set in the writing overwhelmed me, enthralled me even more than when we talked face to face; it was completely cleansed of the dross of speech, of the confusion of the oral; it had the vivid orderliness that I imagined would belong to conversation if one were so fortunate as to be born from the head of Zeus and not from the Grecos, the Cerullos.
Malala Yousafzai|I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men. And let's face it, money gives men the power to run the show. It gives men the power to define value. They define what's sexy. And men define what's feminine. It's ridiculous.
Elle Todd, The Vanguard|He'll put a real smile on your face, the one that lights up your eyes. He'll make you laugh everyday, tell you some stupid jokes, so then you will have no time to nurture the sad feeling hidden inside you. He will always be there for you until someday, you wake up, feel the sun upon your face, and realize; that the sadness is not there anymore.' - Sinar to Nina
Enna Margo|His eyes were deep as ocean, and I found myself drowning in his lies.
Natalya Vorobyova|For me to forgive my ex, he would have to sign a marriage contract with his tears and seal it with his blood.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|But confining myself more to the particular, I say that a prince may be seen happy to-day and ruined to-morrow without having shown any change of disposition or character. This, I believe, arises firstly from causes that have already been discussed at length, namely, that the prince who relies entirely upon fortune is lost when it changes. I believe also that he will be successful who directs his actions according to the spirit of the times, and that he whose actions do not accord with the times will not be successful. Because men are seen, in affairs that lead to the end which every man has before him, namely, glory and riches, to get there by various methods; one with caution, another with haste; one by force, another by skill; one by patience, another by its opposite; and each one succeeds in reaching the goal by a different method. One can also see of two cautious men the one attain his end, the other fail; and similarly, two men by different observances are equally successful, the one being cautious, the other impetuous; all this arises from nothing else than whether or not they conform in their methods to the spirit of the times. This follows from what I have said, that two men working differently bring about the same effect, and of two working similarly, one attains his object and the other does not.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Students will read if we give them the books, the time, and the enthusiastic encouragement to do so. If we make them wait for the one unit a year in which they are allowed to choose their own books and become readers, they may never read at all. To keep our students reading, we have to let them.
Harriet A. Washington, Medical Apartheid: The Dark History of Medical Experimentation on Black Americans from Colonial Times to the Present|Are doctors who make mistakes villains? No, because then we all are.
Laura Miller, Butterfly Weeds|Tate?" "What?" he barked at him. Logan couldn't help the way his dick reacted to it. "I can't even remember what he looks like because all I can picture is you.
Unknown|If you think only sunshine brings you happiness, then you have not danced in the rain
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|The most powerful way of being able to listen to your own intuition is by being silent. Find a quiet space, slow down and calm your mind. Your goal is to eliminate all that noise going through your head – all those thoughts that appear from nowhere.
Sarah MacLean|My comedy is for children from three to 93. You do need a slightly childish sense of humour and if you haven't got that, it's very sad.
Carlos Castañeda|Chance. Stupid, dumb, blind chance. Just a part of the strange mechanism of the world, with its fits and coughs and starts and random collisions.
John Crowder, The Ecstasy of Loving God|God wants a people addicted to His pleasure, a people who serve Him for no other reason than the delight they take in Him. This is the very heart of worship. It is not self-centred. It is putting God at the very centre of self so that self cannot possibly be satisfied without Him.
A.E. Housman, Selected Prose|The sum of things to be known is inexhaustible, and however long we read, we shall never come to the end of our story-
Kathleen Norris, The Virgin of Bennington|There is a supernal intelligence behind sexual arousal, the true purpose of which is to create for us ecstatic experiences of our own divinity.
Shannon Huffman Polson, North of Hope: A Daughter's Arctic Journey|Pain too much to handle also comes with exquisite beauty, as common as dirt, as unexpected as grace.
Raphael Zernoff|Being more self-aware means welcoming more light into a dull life. When we throw light upon our self-perceptions, we immediately realise that the light has always been there, yet we had created an illusion of darkness.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars... Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
E.F. Benson|Or do you like being frightened?”Hugh, though generally intelligent, is dense in certain ways; this is one of them.“Why, of course, I like being frightened,” I said. “I want to be made to creep and creep and creep. Fear is the most absorbing and luxurious of emotions. One forgets all else if one is afraid.
Lacey Alexander, Bad Girl by Night|The truth that we hide is naked, the one that we flaunt is so well dressed!
Craig D. Lounsbrough, A View from the Front Porch: Encounters with Life and Jesus|At some point I hope to have grown sufficiently in both stature and wisdom to understand that I cannot deliver myself from myself, and that God alone can save me from me.
Otto Schily|When there is state there can be no freedom, but when there is freedom there will be no state.
Wendy Shalit, A Return to Modesty: Discovering the Lost Virtue|A society which sees her modesty or her "hang-ups" as a problem is necessarily a society which will not be able to get him to commit. Conversely, a society which respected modesty, or what now goes by "hang-ups", was one in which men were obligated.
Tamara Summers, Never Bite a Boy on the First Date|She'd whisper to me to take my tiny piece of happiness, hold its honey in my mouth until it melts away.
Charles Duhigg|Those who enjoy their own emotionally bad health and who habitually fill their own minds with the rank poisons of suspicion, jealousy and hatred, as a rule take umbrage at those who refuse to do likewise, and they find a perverted relief in trying to denigrate them.
Dani Shapiro, Devotion: A Memoir|It wasn't so much that I was in search of answers. In fact, I was wary of the whole idea of answers. I wanted to climb all the way inside of the questions and see what was there.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|When you give your heart away, you usually get it back in pieces, fragments. And often, a great deal of time passes before you realize that every piece wasn’t returned to you—and probably never will be. You crave nothing more than to get those small—but vital—fragments back; to return to the unbroken, undamaged version of yourself. But what's been broken cannot be unbroken, and so all you can do is learn to live with the void of the missing pieces, to somehow find beauty in the wreckage.And so I did.Sophie Lenon
Rick Bragg|It is a common condition of being poor... you are always afraid that the good things in your life are temporary, that someone can take them away, because you have no power beyond your own brute strength to stop them.
Israelmore Ayivor|Success is not obtained overnight. It comes in installments; you get a little bit today, a little bit tomorrow until the whole package is given out. The day you procrastinate, you lose that day's success.
James Patterson, Season of the Machete|Behind every successful woman, there's a big prick.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I needed to begin respecting my own body’s boundaries. I had to draw clear lines. Ones that were sound in my mind and therefore impermeable, and would always, no matter where I walked, protect me. Moving forward, I wanted rules.
Ferdinand Oyono, Houseboy|I steadied by guitar against the table, and steadied myself with it.And forgot every rule I had ever known.
Ed Viesturs, No Shortcuts to the Top: Climbing the World's 14 Highest Peaks|Mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|People say that when a baby is crying the paternal grandmother will say, "The baby is crying, you should feed her," and the maternal grandmother will say, "Why is that baby crying so much, making her mom so tired?
Jodi Lynn Anderson, The Vanishing Season|We are here to take chances, and fail, and keep trying.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|One loves truly only once in a lifetime, Julian, even if one isn’t aware of it.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|But just then, for that fraction of time, it seems as though all things are possible. You can look across the limitations of your own life, and see that they are really nothing. In that moment when time stops, it is as though you know you could undertake any venture, complete it and come back to yourself, to find the world unchanged, and everything just as you left it a moment before. And it's as though knowing that everything is possible, suddenly nothing is necessary.
James Clemens, Hinterland|But often life asks much of you, and you either honor life by answering with all your heart, or you cower your way into your grave.
Edmund Burke|Alcohol, tobacco, and pharmaceutical drugs are legal, but they can hurt a lot of people.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|If to love each other is the job, then the happy life is the salary.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Industry and determination, Mister Kettle, can transform the difficult into the routine," Grimm said.
Michael  Rogers, Healing Monarchs|When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent all of the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone.
Vernon Crumrine, Miracles & Mischief: Meringue for Your Brain|They were Catholic, my lovers,All in an access of crossing themselves,Particularly their fingersBehind their suspendered backs--And that was the women.
Amit Kalantri|God does not showers blessings, he showers opportunities.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|We were created to look at one another, weren't we
Evan Wright, Generation Kill: Devil Dogs, Iceman, Captain America, and the New Face of American War|The consensus seemed to be that if really large numbers of men were sent to storm the mountain, then enough might survive the rocks to take the citadel. This is essentially the basis of all military thinking.
Haruki Murakami|People always say that I didn't give up my seat because I was tired, but that isn't true. I was not tired physically, or no more tired than I usually was at the end of a working day. I was not old, although some people have an image of me as being old then. I was forty-two. No, the only tired I was, was tired of giving in.
Robert E. Lee|During Vietnam, I was in college, enjoying my student deferment. The government wisely felt that, in my case, military service was less important than completing my studies to prepare me for my chosen career: comedian.
Tom Stoppard|The only way to win the White House, in my view, is to become a nominee of either the Republican or the Democrat Party, and simply running to be a spoiler would not give the American people, I think, the chance to express their own views about Mr. Trump or about Secretary Clinton.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most employees don’t really want to be highly-paid; they just want to earn more than their peers, and, more importantly, more than their neighbours.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|We are not trying to manipulate God and tell Him what to do. Rather, we are asking Him to tell us what to do.
B.J. Daniels, Rough Rider|We had, like I said before. . .we had to prevent life. We had to kill. It’s as simple as that.” —STEVE MASSOF
|No matter how bad things get, never allow your thoughts to convince you to settle for the way things are at the moment. If you keep pushing forward with faith and perseverance, sooner or later things could become a lot better than you desire them to be.
Ilchi Lee, Human Technology: A Toolkit for Authentic Living|Meditation need not mean sitting in a special posture. Nonetheless, we can use certain physical and mental exercises to calm the noises of the mind and body, and sensitize us to the sound of the soul.
Knut Hamsun, Mysteries|What is the ideal for mental health, then? A lived, compelling illusion that does not lie about life, death, and reality; one honest enough to follow its own commandments: I mean, not to kill, not to take the lives of others to justify itself.
Jay Woodman|Everything is going to be right at the end. If it's not right, then it is not the end.
RVM|If you don't like the Fruits you are growing, then change the Seeds you are sowing.
Laura Kreitzer, Phantom Universe|Those wanderers must have looked on Earth, circling safely in the narrow zone between fire and ice, and must have guessed that it was the favourite of the Sun's children.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|For the first time he perceived that if you want to keep a secret you must also hide it from yourself. You must know all the while that it is there, but until it is needed you must never let it emerge into your consciousness in any shape that could be given a name.
Matthew J. Kirby, Icefall|In life, the hardest decisions often have to be made more than once. But each time, it gets easier.
Polkadot|Don't you ever think that maybe the reason behind why heroes are so dedicated to saving people is because they want to finish them off in the end? I mean, in that case, the villains should be the heroes and the heroes should be the villains so that the hero-villains won't be mistaken with the villain-heroes and the villains can be friends with the heroes. And the entire villain-hero and hero-villain world can be one big happy family. With me stuck in the middle.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Two Dutch, two Americans, one German and one Australian. And yet, as the rocket began to quake beneath us, my mind focused on a man in Antarctica. I thought about Sam "Snowbow" Archambeau waiting for the September sunrise to reach the South Pole. I smiled recalling him getting a haircut in a lawn chair next to the frozen barbershop pole." -- Nikki in the upcoming novel, "Nikki White: Polar Extremes" (Nikki, #3)
Colleen Hoover, This Girl|At night we cry sometimes, and if you think that just applies to the females then you have never been in combat, because everyone cries sooner or later. Everyone cries.
Edward Kelsey Moore, The Supremes at Earl's All-You-Can-Eat|Love works in miracles every day: such as weakening the strong, and strengthening the weak; making fools of the wise, and wise men of fools; favouring the passions, destroying reason, and in a word, turning everything topsy-turvy.
John Ruskin|Love is a really scary thing, and you never know what's going to happen. It's one of the most beautiful things in life, but it's one of the most terrifying. It's worth the fear because you have more knowledge, experience, you learn from people, and you have memories.
Elaine  White, Right Kind of Wrong|It had been a shitty night, so it was fitting that it should end with rain.He closed his eyes and lay where he was, ready for it to stop. The rain, the cold, the pain, the aches, the blood choking the back of his throat, the metallic taste on his tongue. He wanted an off switch to his life; to get it over with. There wasn't much point fighting; he didn't have anything to fight for. He had his family and Levi, but something in his heart said that wasn't enough anymore.He didn't want to be alone.
Jack Canfield|Too often, the landlord-tenant relationship is unbalanced with all the power on the side of unscrupulous landlords.
Dorothea Dix|I want to thank all my fans, teammates, coaches and supporters for the strength they've given me to overcome so much.
Enock Maregesi|Be nice to the environment. Be nice to animals. Be nice to people. If you do that, you will leave a mark on the world.
Aaron B. Powell, Quixotic|It only too often yields to the temptation to become sycophantic, opportunist and lying, like a politician who sees the truth but wants to keep his place in popular favour.
Erik Mirandette, The Only Road North: 9,000 Miles of Dirt and Dreams|The last thing this world needs is another self-help or feel-good faith book, seven simple steps to whatever. Just the thought makes my stomach turn. The truth is that life is far too complex to be put in a box, labeled, and have the appropriate manual attached. I wonder, have these people who seem to have all the answers ever really experienced hardship or grief, true joy, or adventure? Have they ever really lived? For those of us who venture outside the cookie cutter lives that many settle for, a superficial, plastic faith with the corresponding instruction booklet will do nothing. When we take the brave step from the comfortable mainstream into the unknown, we quickly discover that we are all just travelers on a journey trying to find our way.
Audrey Hepburn|There must be something wrong with those people who think Audrey Hepburn doesn’t perspire, hiccup or sneeze, because they know that’s not true. I n fact, I hiccup more than most.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Sometimes humans just don't listen, they ‘take’ to fill a space that’s missin’!" Deetkatu, Meet the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure
Oscar Wilde, The Canterville Ghost|Oh, I hate the cheap severity of abstract ethics!
James E. Rogers|A monarchy is the most expensive of all forms of government, the regal state requiring a costly parade, and he who depends on his own power to rule, must strengthen that power by bribing the active and enterprising whom he cannot intimidate.
Idries Shah, Reflections|Cassandra, when you want to speak to me, you should say 'Excuse me, Mrs. Johnson.' Then wait until you get my attention.""Excuse me, Mrs. Johnson. Do I have your attention now?
Harriet Reuter Hapgood, The Square Root of Summer|Whatever you do, do it with purpose. Being focused is not something to be ashamed of. It is something to be proud of. When you know what are you are doing and have a clear vision of where you are going, you will not need to chase opportunities. Opportunities will seek you. Happiness will chase you. And, instead of being a choice, you will be the one choosing.
Samuel R. Delany|It remains to consider what attitude thoughtful men and Christian believers should take respecting them, and how they stand related to beliefs of another order.
Ed Rendell|A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Origin|What kind of motel sells condoms?" "My favorite kind of motel?
Terry Brooks, The Druid of Shannara|We live out our lives as we are meant to live them-with some choice, with some chance, but mostly as a result of the persons we are.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Never go tapping into the lives of others like you know them and their story! Their story is not yours, tell yours, for that is all you know.
Danilo Vukovljak|Only ignorance makes us put up with defeat, then instead of being exalted we are humiliated
Gerald R. Ford|It is what we prevent, rather than what we do that counts most in Government.
Anne Krüger, Allee der Kosmonauten|Hast du es schon gelesen?", fragte er.Er spielte auf das Buch an, das ich bei ihm gekauft hatte."Ja. Es war anders als ich es in Erinnerung hatte, aber nicht schlecht."Das Buch war ein Kalssiker und ich hatte es als Kind mehrfach verschlungen."So ist das mit verlorenen Dingen", meinte Jacob und bot mir ein Glas grünen Tee an.
Voltaire, Candide|He wanted to know how they prayed to God in El Dorado. "We do not pray to him at all," said the reverend sage. "We have nothing to ask of him. He has given us all we want, and we give him thanks continually.
Vann Chow|Life is not only consisted of "yes" and "no", but a lot of "yes and's" and "no but's".
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower, no matter how beautiful, still has to grow in dirt.
Kelly Gendron, Satisfying The Curse|It'd be a shame for that beautiful naked body to go to waste," he murmured as he walked over to me and dropped his boxers.
Karen Wardamasky Bobrow, Do Svidanya Dad: Tracing the Story of an American Family Trapped in the USSR|Japan surprised almost everyone but Marty with their attack on Pearl Harbor,
Joey Comeau, One Bloody Thing After Another|What did I think I was doing? What did she think she was doing? When I want to kiss people in that way now, with mouths and tongues and all that, it's because I want other things too: sex, Friday nights at the cinema, company and conversation, fused networks of family and friends, Lemsips brought to me in bed when I am ill, a new pair of ears for my records and CDs, maybe a little boy called Jack and a little girl called Holly or Maisie, I haven't decided yet. But I didn't want any of those things from Alison Ashworth. Not children, because we were children, and not Friday nights at the pictures, because we went Saturday mornings, and not Lemsips, because my mum did that, not even sex, especially not sex, please God not sex, the filthiest and most terrifying invention of the early seventies.
Dominic Riccitello|He wasn’t a good person, but I painted him to be and since I painted it, I believed it.
Anthony Liccione|I never needed the Society," she says, "to Match me." (-Lei)
Thaisa Frank, Heidegger's Glasses|Safety tip. When you see smoke run, never wait for fire.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|A fondness for reading, properly directed, must be an education in itself.
David Deida|Limited money and family obligations have never stopped a man who really wanted to do something, although they provide excuses for a man who is not really up to the creative challenge in the first place. Find out today whether you are willing to do what it takes.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|The real problem is not why some pious, humble, believing people suffer, but why some do not.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|He silenced the thought, already itching to get inside her, his tongue, or his fingers, or his cock. After all these years of wanting, he would gladly accept whatever access to her body she gave him. He just wanted in.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|I remember, in no particular order:—a shiny inner wrist;—steam rising from a wet sink as a hot frying pan is laughingly tossed into it;—gouts of sperm circling a plughole, before being sluiced down the full length of a tall house;—a river rushing nonsensically upstream, its wave and wash lit by half a dozen chasing torchbeams;—another river, broad and grey, the direction of its flow disguised by a stiff wind exciting the surface;—bathwater long gone cold behind a locked door.This last isn’t something I actually saw, but what you end up remembering isn’t always the same as what you have witnessed.We live in time—it holds us and moulds us—but I’ve never felt I understood it very well. And I’m not referring to theories about how it bends and doubles back, or may exist elsewhere in parallel versions. No, I mean ordinary, everyday time, which clocks and watches assure us passes regularly: tick-tock, click-clock. Is there anything more plausible than a second hand? And yet it takes only the smallest pleasure or pain to teach us time’s malleability. Some emotions speed it up, others slow it down; occasionally, it seems to go missing—until the eventual point when it really does go missing, never to return.I’m not very interested in my schooldays, and don’t feel any nostalgia for them. But school is where it all began, so I need to return briefly to a few incidents that have grown into anecdotes, to some approximate memories which time has deformed into certainty. If I can’t be sure of the actual events any more, I can at least be true to the impressions those facts left. That’s the best I can manage.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If truth is like the terrain, are we the generation who sees it as one who has worn shoes all his life or one who has never worn shoes? Yet still, even if the walk starts out as painful, the experience may be well worth it.
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|Some people get lifetimes, some get moments. I’ve got to tell myself it’s what you do with what you get that counts.
Jada Pinkett Smith|When I was younger, I used to wrestle, and I feel that it contributed to my athletic ability because as a wrestler you have to be an all-encompassed athlete. You need stamina, strength, endurance and mental capacity. You also have to learn how to adapt in any situation.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|Something in the human psyche confuses beauty with the right to be loved. The briefest glance at human folly reveals that good looks and worthiness operate independently. Yet countless socializing forces, from Aunt Clara to the latest perfume ad, reinforce beliefs like 'If I were pretty enough, I would be loved.'
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Desires may dry off, bodies may decay, friendship may vanish and positions may be dissolved. One thing will remain; the word of God! In the word is life!
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|Gender is not an easy conversation to have. It makes people uncomfortable, sometimes even irritable. Both men and women are resistant to talk about gender, or are quick to dismiss the problems of gender. Because thinking of changing the status quo is always uncomfortable.
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|I didn't want to leave things the way we had, unresolved, ... and tried to tell myself he cared about me enough not to look elsewhere for what I wasn't giving him.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
Sunday Adelaja|If you will not meditate, your mind will not accept what the Spirit of God is revealing to you
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams|Those first few weeks are an unearthly season. From the outside you remain so ordinary, no one can tell from looking that you have experienced an earthquake of the soul. You've been torn asunder, invested with an ancient, incomprehensible magic. It's the one thing that we never quite get over: that we contain our own future.
Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda|It is obvious that politics would gain much in prestige if the money-raising campaign were conducted candidly and publicly, like the campaigns for the war funds. Charity drives might be made excellent models for political funds drives. The elimination of the little black bag element in politics would raise the entire prestige of politics in America, and the public interest would be infinitely greater if the actual participation occurred earlier and more constructively in the campaign.
Tessa Dare, Goddess of the Hunt|It's a fine, warm day,” Henry replied. “I thought a spot of fishing?”“Just the thing!” said Felix. “Will you join us, Lucy?” Lucy felt Kitty and Sophia staring at her. Well-bred ladies, evidently, did not fish. “Oh, no! I assure you, Mr. Crowley-Cumberbatch, I have given up those hoyden pursuits of my youth.” She turned to Toby. “I haven't been fishing in ages. I can't remember the last time.”“Really, Luce?” Toby sounded incredulous. “Henry—is it true?”Henry sawed away at a slice of ham. “If you count six days as ages, then I suppose it's true. But if you can't remember six days back, Lucy, and you've forgotten Felix's Christian name, I'm concerned for you. Perhaps you've been spending too much time with Aunt Matilda.
Catharine A. MacKinnon, Feminism Unmodified: Discourses on Life and Law|Marxism teaches that exploitation and degradation somehow produce resistance and revolution. It's been hard to say why. What I've learned from women's experience with sexuality is that exploitation and degradation produce grateful complicity in exchange for survival. They produce self-loathing to the point of extinction of self, and it is respect for self that makes resistance conceivable.
Norm Crosby|They say it's good but I didn't know what I was doing until I got into the suit and they put the moustache on me, and somehow, when I got all the drag on, it came out. It was the most amazing thing. I'm truly extraordinary.
Kent Nerburn, The Wisdom of the Native Americans: Including The Soul of an Indian and Other Writings of Ohiyesa and the Great Speeches of Red Jacket, Chief Joseph, and Chief Seattle|When sounds of the world around you vanish, what is left but screaming silence.
Tony Fernandes|Most Christian leadership is exercised by people who do not know how to develop healthy, intimate relationships and have opted for power and control instead. Many Christian empire-builders have been people unable to give and receive love.
L.J. Smith, Dark Reunion|And to see the white flash of Klaus's eyes as he whirled on her. For one stunned instant she stared at him, and then lightning crackled.From an empty sky.
Michael Badnarik|Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of men will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice, without constraint.
April Slaughter, Reaching Beyond the Veil|Sometime later, I stood watching the cold rain fall, when suddenly I felt Daemon's arms around me and his lips on my neck. He loved my pregnant body and his hands roamed over it under the warm terrycloth of my bathrobe. I was lost in the moment, content to stay here forever...lost in the cold rain and welcoming warmth of Dublin, and lost in the arms of my husband. Since we arrived early this morning we were in our room, making love and sleeping, lost in a fairy tale moment, savoring every caress.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|...when your heart is broken, don't go silent - speak to God in his own language...
James Tobin, Economic Research: Retrospect and Prospect : Economic Growth|A long decade ago economic growth was the reigning fashion of political economy. It was simultaneously the hottest subject of economic theory and research, a slogan eagerly claimed by politicians of all stripes, and a serious objective of the policies of governments. The climate of opinion has changed dramatically. Disillusioned critics indict both economic science and economic policy for blind obeisance to aggregate material "progress," and for neglect of its costly side effects. Growth, it is charged, distorts national priorities, worsens the distribution of income, and irreparably damages the environment. Paul Erlich speaks for a multitude when he says, "We must acquire a life style which has as its goal maximum freedom and happiness for the individual, not a maximum Gross National Product." [in Nordhaus, William D. and James Tobin., "Is growth obsolete?" Economic Research: Retrospect and Prospect Vol 5: Economic Growth. Nber, 1972. 1-80]
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The African Challenge - We must end conflict in Africa. We must lead to allow the Africans to enjoy the benefits from their natural resources. We must end poverty in Africa. Every African must be educated, have access to health care and a fair chance to fulfil their dream. Preventable sickness and disease must not reduce life expectancy or rob pregnant women of a chance to continue living. Africa must develop. Africa must not depend on foreign aid. Africa must be united and governed more effectively. Africa must customize her leadership culture and philosophy in a way that gives her global relevance and respect but still remain true and authentic to herself. Will you accept the challenge? Will you be that Africa?
Avery Flynn, Enemies on Tap|And suddenly, her day turned into the kind that explained why God invented chocolate, comfy pants, and booze.
Stephen King|He cried, almost entire night. He cried alone in his small shed. That was only game that he could play without needing another person to participate.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.
MK Asante|There's a war between two wolves inside everybody. One is anger, jealousy, greed, resentment, inferiority, lies and ego. The other's good. It's love, peace, beauty, happiness, truth, hope, joy, humility, kindness, and empathy. "Who wins...?""The one you feed".
Sarah Cross, Kill Me Softly|A naked blade hid nothing, feared nothing. She wanted to be like that. Because that was how you found yourself, created yourself. You didn't hide. You didn't wait for the perfect moment to settle on you like a butterfly, like 
Mehmet Murat ildan|My favorite, how did you put it now? Landscapes, animals, plants? Favorite what? Books, music, architecture, painting? I don't have any favorite animals, no favorite mosquitoes, favorite beetles, favorite worms, even with the best will in the world I cannot tell you which birds or fish or predators I prefer, it would also be difficult for me to have to choose much more generally.
Andrea K. Höst, Stray|I blame Doctor Who. Mr Spock. The Scooby Gang: both the ones in the Mystery Machine and the ones with the stakes. I've spent my life with stories of people who don't walk away, who go back for their friends, who make that last stand. I've been brainwashed by Samwise Gamgee.
Blaise Pascal|Since we cannot know all there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|When you need to hold onto something, you should. Whatever gets you through, take it.
Rachel Gibson|For the first time since she'd pieced her heart back together, she felt a small tug at one of the strings. She dropped her hands to her sides and took a step back. The one word she'd waited to hear could destroy her carefully constructed life. "Don't."Don't make me forget. Don't make it better. Don't make me love you again. - Autumn Haven
M.F. Moonzajer|A parent who cannot provide the basic needs of two children, must not even bear one.
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|Survival is running from death.Our whole life is running from death, but we all just meet it while we are running from it! what a failure is this try!
Andrea Pirlo, Penso quindi gioco|And all love that had overtaken her would have to be a memory, a truck on the interstate roaring up from the left, a thing she must let pass.
Terry Goodkind, Naked Empire|A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves largesse from the public treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidates promising the most benefits from the public treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy, always followed by a dictatorship. The average age of the world's greatest civilizations has been 200 years. These nations have progressed through this sequence: From bondage to spiritual faith; From spiritual faith to great courage; From courage to liberty; From liberty to abundance; From abundance to selfishness; From selfishness to apathy; From apathy to dependence; From dependence back into bondage.
Mike Carey|Michael: There's nothing here to fear.Lucifer: Well, there's always the truth.
Edith Wharton|Some books are so familiar, reading them is like being home again.
Martha Moody, Best Friends|This is an extra letter in the middle of the month because I'm rather lonely tonight. It's awfully stormy; the snow is beating against my tower. All the lights are out on the campus, but I drank black coffee and I can't go to sleep.I had a supper party this evening consisting of Sallie and Julia and Leonora Fenton - and sardines and toasted muffins and salad and fudge and coffee. Julia said she'd had a good time, but Sallie stayed to help wash the dishes.
James Lee Schmidt, liQUID PROse QUOtes|If opportunity knocks, let it in. But with the way things are nowadays-I'd rather meet opportunity somewhere that's more public. I could meet opportunity in a coffee shop, but what if it works there? Well, I could suggest my grandma's basement.-James Lee Schmidt and Jarod Kintz
Ali Rezavand Zayeri|When I am in a situation where I feel uncomfortable about speaking but it is necessary for me to speak, or if I feel 'put on the spot' my voice sounds strained, really weird, and it feels as if I have no control over how I sound in these situations. Sometimes then my voice is barely audible and I am frequently asked to repeat myself. Attempts at speaking are often embarrassing, shaming experiences for me. I sound quite different when speaking with someone I am more relaxed with, but I don't like the way my voice sounds at the best of times; I was horrified when I heard a recording of myself. Because of this inhibition about speaking, I have never learned to project my voice or to use it effectively. I often feel that I could no more use my vocal cords to break a silence, to get somebody's attention or to initiate an interaction than I could run through fire or do something dangerous in my life.
Hannah Arendt|An uncertain evil causes anxiety because, at the bottom of one's heart, one goes on hoping till the last moment that it may not be true; a certain evil, on the other hand, instills, for a time, a kind of dreary tranquillity.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Carry On, Warrior: Thoughts on Life Unarmed|When her pain is fresh and new, let her have it. Don't try to take it away. Forgive yourself for not having that power. Grief and pain are like joy and peace; they are not things we should try to snatch from each other. They're sacred. they are part of each person's journey. All we can do is offer relief from this fear: I am all alone. That's the one fear you can alleviate.
Daniel Marques|If the wrong reader comes across the words, they will remain just words. But for the right readers, your vision blooms off the page and is absorbed into their minds like smoke, where it will re-form, whole and alive, fully adapted to its new environment.
Crockett Johnson, Harold and the Purple Crayon|But, luckily, he kept his wits and his purple crayon.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the sleep appears like a ghost, all the reality disappears!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The metaphysical poetry of our innovative life springs from the aesthetic, scenic, and systematic processes of inventiveness, the creative impulse of an active mind generating aesthetical intuition.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|Our misconception in viewing the past lies in assuming that doubt and fear, permit, protests, violence and hate were not equally present.
Siddharta Mukherjee|As the geneticist J.B.S. Haldane had described it in 1923, once the power to control genes had been harnessed, "no beliefs, no values, no institutions are safe.
Gabriella Marigold Lindsay, Living F.I.T.: A 40-Day Guide to  Living Faithfully, Intentionally, and Tenaciously|Give God quality time, quality love, and quality prayer, and H will be pleased with your faithfulness and cover you with His grace.
James Rozoff|There are only three types of citizenship: hero, villain, nobody.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|As I faced each tragedy in my life, I learned to reach into the depth of my soul for strength and determination. Through this healing process, I discovered perseverance and resilience. I could not go into the past and use White-Out to erase any events; instead, I had to find a way to use my pain to help me heal and grow. I had to stare darkness in the face and accept that I could not change the past, but I could build a better future.
Arash Pakravesh, Love Story|If a human being is to ascend to the heights of life, they must first know who they are, where they currently stand, and what they are actually (in truth, not in their limited idea) capable of doing, becoming, and achieving in the world.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!
Kristi Bowman|Love and accept everyone for who they are, for where they are in life. That is compassion.
Eliza Parsons, Errors of Education|Extreme excellence in music is liable to yet stronger objections; to attain it, almost every other accomplishment must be neglected; and, when attained, it leads to an improper degree of intimacy with professional people. Music softens the mind—and if a master and his pupil are continually together, bad consequence may ensure: nevertheless, I would have you know and love music; but I would not have you doat upon it.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Because memory is time folding back on itself. To remember is to disengage from the present. In order to reach any kind of success in automobile racing, a driver must never remember.
Agatha Christie|About a year ago, an entire suburb in this man’s jurisdiction turned from the police and erected a substitute agency. To all intents and purposes, several thousand people here have severed their relationship with the South African Police Service. He appears not to have noticed.
Auliq Ice|...in the running of cities, virtually nothing is done by anyone that is conducive to political health, nor is there a single ally with whom one might go to the aid of justice and still remain alive; it would be a case of a solitary human among wild animals, neither wanting to join in their depredations nor able to stand alone against their collective savagery, dead before he'd done any good to his city or friends and useless both to himself and everybody else. Once a person has made all these calculations, he keeps his peace and minds his own business, like someone withdrawing from the prevailing wind into the shelter of a wall in a storm of dust or rain, and as he sees everyone else filling themselves full of lawlessness he is content if he himself can somehow live out life here untainted by injustice and impious actions, and leave it with fine hopes and in a spirit of kindness and good will.
Harley King|Memory is a sly devil that pretends to wear the cloak of truth, but deceives us both in our youth and our age.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Art invariably grows out of a period when, in general, the artist admires his own nation and wants to win its approval.
William Shakespeare|-"-A book takes me a year to write. It's too hard work for a revenge."-"If you knew how little you had to revenge...".
Claire Vaye Watkins|Some believe that every library looks like a splendid cemetery of human thoughts and ideas. Could librarians be called grave-diggers? However that may be, like a cemetery, a library will never stop being of use.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you cannot score just a point each day, you shall score zero points at the end of your days
Lailah Gifty Akita|Guide us in the path of peace, O Lord!
Debasish Mridha|If you want to conform, then how can you change?
Whoopi Goldberg, Book|I can do anything. I can be anything. No one ever told me I couldn't. No one ever expressed this idea that I was limited to any one thing, and so I think in terms of what's possible, not impossible.
C. JoyBell C.|Thus is the nature of love: that you must use it! A love unused is not love! If it is something that sits on the shelf that you don't know what to do with, it is not true to the nature of love! Use love!
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|I was also in Glenochil Prison in 1992 when Hammy was stabbed five times in the chest and belly off another man called Fudge, but give Hammy his dues, he never tried to jail bait his attacker up. Fudge never got any more time to his sentence for the frenzied attack on Hammy. This man has also had pit bulls and rottweiler dogs set on him and guess what, he beat the dogs.
Juliette Binoche|The generous wish to share with all what is precious, to spread broadcast priceless truths, to shut out none from the illumination of true knowledge, has resulted in a zeal without discretion that has vulgarised Christianity, and has presented its teachings in a form that often repels the heart and alienates the intellect.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|[She] soon perceived that as she walked in the flock, sometimes with this one, sometimes with that, that the fresh night air was producing staggerings and serpentine courses among the men who had partaken too freely; some of the more careless women were also wandering in their gait. . . . Yet however terrestrial and lumpy their appearance just now to the mean unglamoured eye, to themselves the case was different. They followed the road with a sensation that they were soaring along in a supporting medium, possessed of original and profound thoughts, themselves and surrounding nature forming an organism of which all the parts harmoniously and joyously interpenetrated each other. They were as sublime as the moon and stars above them, and the moon and stars were as ardent as they.
Hozier|One of my first festivals was Oxygen 2006. It had this amazing lineup with the Arctic Monkeys on their first or second album, the Strokes, Kings of Leon, the Magic Numbers and then the Who and James Brown. I waited in the pit for a good eight hours to see James Brown.
Norman Lock, American Meteor|Martin Luther was a thoroughly educated man but he wore this lightly. His sermons were littered with only examples and improving tales, drawing equally from the fables of Aesop and the follies of life he observed all around him.
Walter Gropius|Architecture should speak of its time and place, but yearn for timelessness.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|Jacopo, while I could still read, during these past months, I read dictionaries, I studied histories of words, to understand what was happening in my body. I studied like a rabbi. Have you ever reflected that the linguistic term `metathesis' is similar to the oncological term `metastasis'? What is the metathesis? Instead of `clasp' one says `claps.' Instead of `beloved' one says `bevoled.' It's the temurah. The dictionary says that metathesis means the transposition or interchange, while metastasis indicates the change and shifting. How stupid dictionaries are! The root is the same. Either it's the verb metatithemi or the verb methistemi. Metatithemi means I interpose, I shift, I transfer, I substitute, I abrogate a law, I change a meaning. And methistemi? It's the same thing: I move, I transform, I transpose, I switch cliches, I take leave of my senses. And as we sought secret meanings beyond the letter, we all took leave of our senses. And so did my cells, obediently, dutifully. That's why I'm dying, Jacopo, and you know it.
Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent|To be frank, I find religion rather offensive.
Queen Elizabeth II|Billie Holiday, Aretha Franklin. Now, they are so subtle, they can milk you with two notes. They can make you feel like they told you the whole universe. But I don't know that yet. All I got now is strength. Maybe if I keep singing, maybe I'll get it.
Matthew Henry, Matthew Henry's Commentary on the Whole Bible|In a state of anomie, the absence of justice becomes the panacea for justice
Katherine McIntyre, Stolen Petals|Enough,' said Mercedes, 'enough Edmond! Believe me that she who alone recognized you has been the only one to comprehend you. And had she crossed your path, and you had crushed her like a frail glass, still, Edmond, still she must have admired you! Like the gulf between me and the past, there is an abyss between you, Edmond, and the rest of mankind; and I tell you freely, that the comparison I drew between you and other men will be one of my greatest tortures. No! there is nothing in the world to resemble you in worth and goodness!
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|Trust me, Wilbur. People are very gullible. They'll believe anything they see in print.
Deyth Banger|My Message is already out, what has left is to go and to do your part of the work.
Sarah McLachlan|I think as a Canadian hockey player, you go through it in your mind so many times, being able to stand on that blue line and hear your national anthem play and being a gold medal champion, you dream of that. And then to be able to accomplish that and actually win a gold medal and represent your country its an amazing feeling.
Todd Day, Never Play Checkers with a Leapfrog|Many of my ex-girlfriends were habitual half-asian daters. These women considered half-asian men 'exotic,' 'sexy,' and 'just-like-Keanu Reeves-in-the-Matrix. I consider these stereotypes appropriate because I got laid.
Pawel Pawlikowski|Films for TV have to be much closer to the book, mainly because the objective with a TV movie that translates literature is to get the audience, after seeing this version, to pick up the book and read it themselves. My attitude is that TV can never really be any form of art, because it serves audience expectations.
Robin Sacredfire|Our desires, dreams and hopes, open portals. These portals manifest in our conscience and five senses, in the form of decisions related to the material world but also opportunities. Now, at the exact same time, or maybe even slightly before in time, we get the exact opposite, the temptation, the illusion and deception. And when we are about to make a decision, as if by magic, the two things come stronger to us, as if pushing us into a duality that makes it hard to decide. Now, this brings me to another super interesting fact: Most people assume that they have freewill, and that choices are hard to be made, and that life is full of dualities. And I've learned that this is just a great deception related to our planet, which, as human beings, we must transcend. And what I'm really saying here is that the duality and the freewill don't exist. There's only one choice to be made, the one that bring us upwards. Self-destruction is not a choice. And yet, every duality presents exactly that, and not really a choice.
William Faulkner, The Reivers|People always think something's all true. I don't give a damn, except that I get bored when people tell me to act my age. Sometimes I act a lot older than I am, I really do. But people never notice. People never notice anything.
Henry Rollins|I get along with Australians really well. Everyone's usually really cool, and it's always a drag to leave.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|But I need solitude--which is to say, recovery, return to myself, the breath of a free, light, playful air.
Emile Durkheim|The conscience of the world is so guilty that it always assumes that people who investigate heresies must be heretics; just as if a doctor who studies leprosy must be a leper. Indeed, it is only recently that science has been allowed to study anything without reproach.
Friedrich Hölderlin|I want to build / and raise anew / Theseus' Temple and the Stadiums / and where Pericles livedBut there's no money, too much spent today / I had a guest over and we sat together.
Truman Capote|there is a fine line between self-confidence and EgoIf you have self-confidence you will know that you are good ,, excellent if you want ,, but you will also know that there is other people as good as you , or not , but some one is good somewhere , and Respect thatbut If you have Ego , you will only see your self as the best , and only you , no one else is good or as good as you , you won't even stand the idea
Nick Hornby|Funny + sad is what I'm pitching for, every time.
Shanice Williams, Virtually Conflicted|Success in an enterprise can be brought about, through effective leadership, which educes open communication, which in turn would contribute towards bringing down conflict levels, thus leading to higher productivity and distinguished gains, which in turn testifies about the healthy corporate culture of an organization.
Paul Gitwaza|Spiritual maturity is not measured by the years that you have spent in church, rather by your attitude before people different from you.
Cathy Linh Che, Split|Beyond the YearsI the years the answer lies,Beyond where brood the grieving skies And Night drops tears.Where Faith rod-chastened smiles to rise And doff its fears,And carping Sorrow pines and dies— Beyond the years.IIBeyond the years the prayer for restShall beat no more within the breast; The darkness clears,And Morn perched on the mountain's crest Her form uprears—The day that is to come is best, Beyond the years.IIIBeyond the years the soul shall findThat endless peace for which it pined, For light appears,And to the eyes that still were blind With blood and tears,Their sight shall come all unconfined Beyond the years.
Danielle Steel, Matters of the Heart|The most important and uniquely glorious element of Buddha’s character was that, he did not compel his pupils to be slaves either to his teachings or to himself, but like a conscientious human, demanded from his followers to accept his words not merely out of regard for him but after subjecting them to a thorough examination. And this is where Buddha stands out from the crowd of self-proclaimed prophets.
D.S. Mashego|They may have told you that you are useless but I am here to give you a better report about you: You are not a mistake. You have the potential to do what you were born to do. Yes, you are not a failure! Know that God values you and He is on your side.
Caroline Hanson, Love Is Mortal|It does not matter what I believe. The past is done. Hope is irrelevant. We measure success and failure in history with a cost of lives. Penicillin saved people, and the world wars exterminated them. Success and failure. Feelings, regrets, the point where they knew they made mistakes...it is interesting but unfortunately, irrelevant. Did they go to their death and grieve for what they did? Did the makers of the atomic bomb grieve for the destruction they dedicated their lives towards creating? Who cares? They did it. Whether they knew what they were creating, or whether they talked themselves into believing it was for the best, the glory of history is being able to view it in black-and-white. However honorable one's initial intention, a villain will always be a villain.
Nicole Kidman|Automation and technology would be a great boon if it were creative, if there were more leisure, more opportunity to engage in raising a family, providing guidance to the young, all the stuff we say we need. America will work if we're all in it together. It'll work when there's a shared sense of destiny. It can be done!
Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives|Write in the morning, revise in the afternoon, read at night, and spend the rest of your time exercising your diplomacy, stealth, and charm.
Bruce Hood|Ego depletion comes from American psychologist Roy Baumeister, who believes that enduring something stressful exhausts our capacity for willpower to the extent that we give in to our temptations that we would rather avoid.
Mark Halliday|As a perfume doth remain In the folds where it hath lain, So the thought of you, remaining Deeply folded in my brain, Will not leave me; all things leave me -You remain. Other thoughts may come and go, Other moments I may know That shall waft me, in their going, As a breath blown to and fro, Fragrant memories; fragrant memories Come and go. Only thoughts of you remain In my heart where they have lain, Perfumed thoughts of you, remaining, A hid sweetness, in my brain. Others leave me; all things leave me -You remain.
Phillip Margulies, Belle Cora|...he told a story about the days when he was a reporter himself and how he had gotten so close to story that he finally couldn't write it...When I stared at something long enough, the lines blurred and I could no longer see it for what it was. One thing became another.
Russell Crowe|You do what you can for as long as you can, and when you finally can't, you do the next best thing. You back up but you don't give up.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I love myself totally, completely, and unconditionally.
Keith Guernsey|If you just play really hard, he says, nothing else matters.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|You become a man when you marry not just for love but to be a partner with your wife. To be the best man you can be with her, and when you fall short, to admit your shortcomings and to constantly strive to be a great man to your wife.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|Ignorance is not linear, it's exponential.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The consequences of seeking popularity is not only the chronic feeling of lonliness, but a desire to hide your face from the eyes of the universe.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|I used to think--and given the way we ended up, maybe I still do--that all relationships need the kind of violent shove that a crush brings, just to get you started and to push you over the humps. And then, when the energy from that shove has gone and you come to something approaching a halt, you have to look around and see what you've got. It could be something completely different, it could be something roughly the same, but gentler and calmer, or it could be nothing at all.
Agatha Christie, Five Little Pigs|He felt a strange pang. It was, perhaps, the fault of old Mr Jonathan, speaking of Juliet... No Juliet here - unless perhaps one could imagine Juliet a survivor - living on, deprived of Romeo... Was it not an essential part of Juliet's make-up that that she should die young?
C.J. Sansom, Dark Fire|If corruption had already taken root, then good seeds must be preserved.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|i want to give up my bearings, slip out of who i am, shed everything, the way a snake discards old skin.
Poppet, Sveta|Terror starts picking at the seams of my mind, throwing hateful words like rapture and holocaust at me.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Every person should decide for himself how happy, or unhappy, our society might be.
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|Well, that's an evil smile...
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Clear skin, a manicure, a couple dead zombies, and then fame!
K. Farrell St. Germain, Then'diel's SONG: An Elven Grove Dark Fantasy|I believe,' Muswell once said, 'that mental isolation is the essence of weird fiction. Isolation when confronted with disease, with madness, with horror and with death. These are the reverberations of the infinity that torments us.("The White Hands")
Alexander Hamilton|The measure of the state's success is that the word anarchy frightens people, while the word state does not.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Always strive to get what you want, what you need, especially if your intentions are good and nobody gets hurt in the process.
Demi Lovato|As the smoke clears,I awaken,And untangle you from me.Would it make you feel betterTo watch me, while I bleed?All my windows still are broken,But I'm standing on my feet.
Lisa Kessler, Moonlight|My nerves were wrapped so tight I could explode at any second. Some jaguar reciting poetry was not helping. “Just tell me which way to go, Shakespeare.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|If there's anything worse in this world than a bad batch of babi guling, it's hindsight.
Yukio Mishima, The Temple of the Golden Pavilion|Amid the moon and the stars, amid the clouds of the night, amid the hills which bordered on the sky with their magnificent silhouette of pointed cedars, amid the speckled patches of the moon, amid the temple buildings that emerged sparkling white out of the surrounding darkness - amid all this, I was intoxicated by the pellucid beauty of Uiko's treachery.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|That is why the sadness passes: the new presence inside us, the presence that has been added, has entered our heart, has gone into its innermost chamber and is no longer even there, is already in our bloodstream. And we don't know what it was. We could easily be made to believe that nothing happened, and yet we have changed, as a house that a guest has entered changes. We can't say who has come, perhaps we will never know, but many signs indicate that the future enters us in this way in order to be transformed in us, long before it happens.
Shannon L. Alder|It really is quite simple. All women really want is to be needed, valued and loved above anyone else and they will make you a keeper. It's your actions she is paying attention to, not your words.
Richard P. Denney|The great thing about writing fiction is that you can do whatever the fuck you want, go as far as you are willing to go, and laugh at the people who take it seriously.
Amit Kalantri|For happiness don't pursue satisfaction, but pursue heroism.
Nick Hornby, Housekeeping vs. the Dirt|As long as music survives, poetry will never die.
Esme Ellis, This Strange and Precious Thing|Reality, my strange and precious one. Reality is fabric. Fabric isreality. And your reality here is far easier to live with than where Iwas on the other side. So that’s why I don’t want to go back, andwhy you wouldn’t like it.
Ronnie O'Sullivan|My dad became a soap opera actor, and I was an extra in a skating rink scene on the soap. I didn't audition. It was nepotism all the way.
Lana Del Rey|We have nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore- except to make our lives into a work of art.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|I am amazed how little women cry nowadays, and then apologetically. I worry when shame or disuse begins to steal away such a natural function. To be a flowering tree and to be moist is essential, otherwise you will break. Crying is good, it is right. It does not cure dilemma, but it enables the process to continue instead of collapsing.
Katherine Paterson, The Great Gilly Hopkins: Literature Guide|life ain't supposed to be nothing, 'cept maybe tough
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|If improving conditions in the workplace for women had been a central agenda for feminist movement in conjunction with efforts to obtain better paying jobs for women and finding jobs for unemployed women of all classes, feminism would have been seen as a movement addressing the concerns of all women.
Bayode Ojo, Petals Around The Rose|Some are saving their right now for later, when tomorrow could be never.
Tim McGraw, Tim McGraw -- Live Like You Were Dying: Piano/Vocal/Chords|People always ask me"Son what does it takeTo reach out and touch your dreams?"To them I always sayAre you hungry?Are you thirsty?Is it a fire that burns you up inside?How bad do you want it?How bad do you need it?Are you eating, sleeping, dreamingWith that one thing on your mind?How bad do you want it?How bad do you need it?Cause if you want it allYou've got to lay it all out on the line
Victor Hugo|So bring me this man, trembling and shivering from head to foot; let me fall into his arms or down at his knees; he will weep and we shall weep, he will be eloquent and I shall be comforted, and my heart shall melt into his, he will take my soul, and I his God.But what is this kindly old gentleman to me? And what am I to him? Just one more member of the race of unfortunates, one more shade to go with the many he has seen, one more figure to add to his total of executions.
Abigail Adams|The natural tenderness and delicacy of our constitution, added to the many dangers we are subject to from your sex, renders it almost impossible for a single lady to travel without injury to her character. And those who have a protector in a husband have, generally speaking, obstacles to prevent their roving.
Charles Finch|Flesh is willing, but the Soul requiresSisyphean patience for its song,Time, Hippocrates remarked, is shortand Art is long.
Aneta Cruz|Most of the time it may seem like I'm staring into nothingness, but there's a whole world playing out in my head.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|When we die, we will turn into songs, and we will hear each other and remember each other.
Joe Brooks|You taste like Heaven, but God knows you're built for sin
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Maria was married on Saturday. In all important preparations of mind she was complete, being prepared for matrimony by a hatred of home, by the misery of disappointed affection, and contempt of the man she was to marry. The bride was elegantly dressed and the two bridesmaids were duly inferior. Her mother stood with salts, expecting to be agitated, and her aunt tried to cry. Marriage is indeed a maneuvering business.
Salman Rushdie|I think we have to face the reality that in a society where there is a legitimate threat of terrorism, not being able to see one's face, not being able to have some sense of communication in that way, is for many societies a challenge.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|In ancient times people weren't just male or female, but one of three types: male/male, male/female, or female/female. In other words, each person was made out of the components of two people. Everyone was happy with this arrangement and never really gave it much thought. But then God took a knife and cut everybody in half, right down the middle. So after that the world was divided just into male and female, the upshot being that people spend their time running around trying to locate their missing other half.
Priscilla Presley|Good planning is important. I've also regarded a sense of humor as one of the most important things on a big expedition. When you're in a difficult or dangerous situation, or when you're depressed about the chances of success, someone who can make you laugh eases the tension.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|A friend recently shared that even if he is in a rough mood, when someone smiles at him it enhances his kindness and encourages him to project a better attitude.
Ambrose Bierce, A Cynic Looks at Life by Ambrose Bierce, Fiction, Fantasy, Horror, Classics|Well, the death of the body is the flight of the arrow. It's makin' a straight line for the brain. No dodgin' it not for anyone. People have't die, the body has't fall. Time is hurlin' that arrow forward. And yet, like I was sayin' thought goes on subdividin' that time for ever and ever. The paradox becomes real. The arrow never hits.In other words, immortality.
James Dyson|In order to fix it, you need a passionate anger about something that doesn't work well.
Germany Kent|Don't spend your life wondering "what if" and worrying over something you have no control. What's done is done. Looking backwards will cause you to miss out on new blessings ahead. Move on.
Debasish Mridha|When you love with your heart and soul, then you long and belong. How could there be a separation?
St. Vincent de Paul|The kingdom of God is peace in the Holy Spirit; He will reign in you if your heart is at peace. So, be at peace, Mademoiselle, and you will honor in a sovereign way the God of peace and love.
Erykah Badu|Obama better understood community organisation and peer-to-peer communication than any recent candidate, and we are applying that lesson.
Socrates|The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.
Gugu Mona|Dear young aspiring leader, one day you will be in a position of power. That shouldn't let you enslave nor look down upon others, but aim to influence change for the benefit of future generations.
Chip Conley|As Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Barak have repeatedly said, the intelligence and security relationship between the United States and Israel at present is unprecedented. It has never been stronger.
Anonymous|That's oak leaf, for bravery. I've got Veronica and Honeysuckle, for fidelity and affection. And that's Peony, for shame. She lives under this rock.""Did you make that up by yourself?""'Course not. That's the language of flowers. Everyone knows that.""No, they don't. I don't.""Everyone used to know. They sent each other messages. Like Bluebells means, 'I'll always love you' and Jasmine means 'We're friends.' and Asphodels... Asphodels are for the dead.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|What you saw is what I showed you. What you are seeing is what I'm showing you. What you are going to see, you can't even imagine the future me.
Amy Purdy|For an entrepreneur with 'improbable' and 'impossible' dreams, the alleged stability that comes from getting 'a real job' is nothing but a sign of slavery.
Robert Hass| ‘Paradise Lost’ was printed in an edition of no more than 1,500 copies and transformed the English language. Took a while. Wordsworth had new ideas about nature: Thoreau read Wordsworth, Muir read Thoreau, Teddy Roosevelt read Muir, and we got a lot of national parks. Took a century. What poetry gives us is an archive, the fullest existent archive of what human beings have thought and felt by the kind of artists who loved language in a way that allowed them to labor over how you make a music of words to render experience exactly and fully.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more you read, the more you will love to read.
Mahavira|The more democratic and open a society is, the more it's exposed to terrorism. The more a country is free, not governed by a police regime, the more it risks hijackings or massacres like the ones that took place for many years in Italy and Germany and other parts of Europe.
Thérèse de Lisieux, The Story Of A Soul: The Autobiography Of St. Therese Of Lisieux|I am convinced that one should tell one's spiritual director if one has a great desire for Communion, for Our Lord does not come from Heaven every day to stay in a golden ciborium; He comes to find another heaven, the heaven of our soul in which He loves to dwell.
Hamza Yusuf|Mary peace be upon her the Choosen and the Pure women of the Whorld the Honor Women the Chapter 19 of QURAN named by her names Mary Maryam in Arabic : "[Mention, O Muhammad], when the wife of 'Imran said, "My Lord, indeed I have pledged to You what is in my womb, consecrated [for Your service], so accept this from me. Indeed, You are the Hearing, the Knowing." But when she delivered her, she said, "My Lord, I have delivered a female." And Allah was most knowing of what she delivered, "And the male is not like the female. And I have named her Mary, and I seek refuge for her in You and [for] her descendants from Satan, the expelled [from the mercy of Allah ]." So her Lord accepted her with good acceptance and caused her to grow in a good manner and put her in the care of Zechariah. Every time Zechariah entered upon her in the prayer chamber, he found with her provision. He said, "O Mary, from where is this [coming] to you?" She said, "It is from Allah . Indeed, Allah provides for whom He wills without account." Quran Family of Imran 3 : 35-37.
Domonique Bertolucci|When you believe in yourselfit is easier not to takecriticism, knock-backs anddisappointments personally
Matt Wallace, Envy of Angels|Life is never that clean," he assures her. "Neither is magic.
Sophie Oak, Siren Beloved|Excuse me. What did you say to me? For your information Danielle, the stick up my ass has served me well over the years. I will not be removing it, but I might have something to shove up yours when you return from class.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Buddha had said:"Each of us is a God. Each of us knows all. We need only open our minds to hear our own wisdom.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Innocence eroded into nightmare.All because of very bad touch.Love, corrupted.
Michael Talbot, The Delicate Dependency: A Novel of the Vampire Life|If I keep loving you, maybe you'll crack and love me too.
Jack Welch|Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Flowers are evil, because they live just to die for the love of other people. You don’t believe me? Try it for yourself and see if you’ll be good afterwards. Undeath is a way of life, for some things. That doesn’t make it good or anything. Especially anything. Nothing makes anything anything. Because nothing is a serious matter, and anything just is.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people. 
Hanns Heinz Ewers, Nachtmahr: Strange Tales|Wednesday. March 16 Isn't it strange that it hasn't occurred to me to put my relationship with Clarimonda on a more serious basis than these endless games. Last night, I thought about this...I can, of course, put on my hat and coat, walk down two flights of stairs, take five steps across the street and mount two flights to her door which is marked with a small sign that says "Clarimonda." Clarimonda what? I don't know. Something. Then I can knock and...Up to this point I imagine everything very clearly, but I cannot see what should happen next. I know that the door opens. But then I stand before it, looking into a dark void. Clarimonda doesn't come. Nothing comes. Nothing is there, only the black, impenetrable dark."The Spider
Emily Blunt|Yes, I have a good sense of humor to sort of last a long time in show business, and I think to be able to find comedic value in who you are and the people that you work is always a good thing.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Mothers are only human, you turn it over to God and then you just wing it.
Marco Rubio|Like everywhere in the world, people of the Middle East aspire to liberty and justice. They wish to have a better life and a decent education for their children.
Rod Serling|By calling into question the very ideal of a universal, autonomous reason (which was, in the Enlightenment, the basis for rejecting religious thought) and further demonstrating that all knowledge is grounded in narrative or myth, Lyotard relativizes (secular) philosophy's claim to autonomy and so grants the legitimacy of a philosophy that grounds itself in Christian faith. Previously such a distinctly Christian philosophy would have been exiled from the 'pure' arena of philosophy because of its 'infection' with bias and prejudice. Lyotard's critique, however, demonstrates that no philosophy - indeed, no knowledge - is untainted by prejudice or faith commitments. In this way the playing field is leveled, and new opportunities to voice a Christian philosophy are created. Thus Lyotard's postmodern critique of metanarratives, rather than being a formidable foe of Christian faith and thought, can in fact be enlisted as an ally in the construction of a Christian philosophy.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Every individual whom you interact with affects the flow of energy in your body. Some flow with positivity spreading love and compassion, making you happy. Others flow like venom, harming you. The question is what to do with these negative people? Either, you can simply throw them out of your life and not let them affect you anymore. The other way is to have so much positivity and optimism that their negativity is covered up with your energy!
Richard Sibbes, The Bruised Reed|Weakness with watchfulness will stand, when strength with too much confidence fails. Weakness, with acknowledgement of it, is the fittest seat and subject for God to perfect his strength in; for consciousness of our infirmities drives us out of ourselves to him in whom our strength lies.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|In the story of the Ugly Duckling, when did the Ugly Duckling stop feeling Ugly? When he realized he was a Swan. Each of us has something Special, a Swan of some sort, hidden inside somewhere. But until we recognize that it's there, what can we do but splash around, treading water?
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|A work is never completed except by some accident such as weariness, satisfaction, the need to deliver, or death: for, in relation to who or what is making it, it can only be one stage in a series of inner transformations.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Winter Dreams|I live in a house over there on the Island, and in that house there is a man waiting for me. When he drove up at the door I drove out of the dock because he says I’m his ideal.
Ipsit Bibhudarshi, Heart's Call|People talk of rage as something fluid; it boils, flows, spills over, scalds. For her, it is not any of these things. Instead it is a vast, frozen sea, solid as rock, unthawable. She has never seen the sea, but she knows it wraps around three-quarters of the world. All her anger is that and more.
Robert Wringham, Escape Everything!: Escape From Work. Escape From Consumerism. Escape From Despair.|All we do is work to maximise our consumption privileges and to be able to tell people at parties that we’re a lawyer, an artist or a police officer.
G.K. Chesterton|When people say they hate life, to what are they comparing it to? The alternative isn't any more appealing.
Henry David Thoreau, Slavery in Massachusetts|You're right that not everything we do has to have some kind of social agenda, but that doesn't mean it can only be anesthetizing crap.
Rakesh Vemulawada|I wrote relationship spelling as "realationship" when I was in 5th class. But English teacher smiled and gave me marks.
Edward Harris|I don't know what it is, but even when I pretty much like a man, after I date him a while, he gets to seem kind of tiresome. I just can't be bothered to act interested anymore, and then I finally tell him I don't want to go out anymore. They always get upset. - Lillian
Lois Lowry, The Giver|The life where nothing was ever unexpected. Or inconvenient. Or unusual. The life without colour, pain or past.
Sandro Veronesi, Quiet Chaos|Heads will fly all over the place, others will explode by themselves, everyone will have their chance to betray, and those who don't betray will be betrayed.
Lori Hatcher|The next time you’re waiting, redeem the time through prayer. You’ll be amazed at what you can accomplish.
M.J. Rose, The Reincarnationist|‎"As Oedipus learned, the more you run away from what is predetermined the more you run toward it.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity|By trying to grab fulfillment everywhere, we find it nowhere.
Kierra C.T. Banks|A woman should always know her place, and it's exactly wherever she wants to be.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|My heart, for unknown reasons, seems to freeze in motion in my chest. I can see he senses it and he holds his pause to enjoy my suffering, prolonging my ignorance. “Viktor, what?
Erri De Luca|Read whatever book you lay your hands on if you can, for every writer has a story to tell
Lauren B. Davis|If you are a real writer, then just surrender to the writer's life, all of it, even the bad stuff. When you do that, the beauty appears: the peace, the meaning, the joy, the fulfillment, the sense that you are doing what you were born to do and what could be better, in the end, than that?
Lil Wayne|Love me or hate me, i swear it won't make or break me.
Georg Trakl|In an old family albumEver again you return, Melancholy,O meekness of the solitary soul.A golden day glows and expires.Humbly the patient man surrenders to painRinging with melodious sound and soft madness.Look! There's the twilight.Night returns once more and a mortal thing lamentsAnd another suffers in sympathy.Shuddering under autumn starsYearly the head is bowed deeper.-Georg Trakl (1887-1914)
Maquita Donyel Irvin|...unforgivingly, and forcefully magnificent...
Regina Griffin|Ish #28 "Give you child a name with meaning.
Simon Winchester, The Meaning of Everything: The Story of the Oxford English Dictionary|No critic and advocate of immutability has ever once managed properly or even marginally to outwit the English language's capacity for foxy and relentlessly slippery flexibility. For English is a language that simply cannot be fixed, not can its use ever be absolutely laid down. It changes constantly; it grows with an almost exponential joy. It evolves eternally; its words alter their senses and their meanings subtly, slowly, or speedily according to fashion and need.
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|I wish I could stop time and keep you out of danger.She turned and placed a kiss on the palm of his hand.Without the danger, we never would have met.
Avina Celeste|Anxiety does not make a future situation turn out better if anything it stops you from reaching your highest potential. Relax and live in the present, not the future.
David Beckham|I don't know where people think I'm from, but I'm from Chicago. It's really just that. People wanna romanticize it and say, 'There's two sides to it, and it's a beautiful love/hate story of violence and music.' But it's really just a very scummy place where people don't have respect for other people's lives.
Karon Waddell|I choose not to waste my energy hating someone and I recognise that their negativity drags me down, so I walk away from them.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|I believe that Marrakech ought to be earned as a destination. The journey is the preparation for the experience. Reaching it too fast derides it, makes it a little less easy to understand.
Zephyr A. McIntyre|Things are neither good nor bad , all that matters is our thinking....!
Rebecca Boucher, Novel Hearts|There's death and life, you see. We all shine on. A leaf, a star, a song, a laugh. Notice the little things, because somebody is reaching out to you. ...Somebody loves you.
Laura Haddock|It felt very natural to me to write a Christmas song, but at the same time I had to really put all sorts of pressure aside and just let the creativity flow and see what came out.
E.M. Forester|Also, that men fall into two classes--those who forget views and those who remember them, even in small rooms.
Parker S. Huntington, Asher Black|Safety is an illusion and perhaps it's better to challenge it sometimes, to see how far we can go, to learn about the stuff we are made of.
Irucka Ajani Embry, Balancing the Rift: Reconnectualizing the Pasenture|for the people must have some complicated machinery or other, and hear its din, to satisfy that idea of government which they have.
|There seems to be a sense of balance or equilibrium that nature attempts to achieve with the usage of cycles, leading us to the concept of self-organization and spontaneous order.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you have discovered your significance, your life will now begin to move towards making a difference.
Kenneth Eade, The Spy Files|A non government sites has been launched by Rajeev Kumar and I am the founder of the jobinos.in websites. I collect latest various Govt jobs vacancy opening news from Newspaper,Magazines,Govt employment Agency and other third party sources, this would be by online or off line.
John Bright|It's true that General Musharraf opposes my return, seeing me as a symbol of democracy in the country. He is comfortable with dictatorship. I hope better sense prevails.
Stephen Hawking|Because they're my stories, they're my version of events of the past three years. But I really hope people can hear their own stories within the songs and they can become our version of events.
Janet Evanovich, The Job|but at the end of the day, who I come home to, who I share my accomplishments with is what makes the struggle worth it
Vishwanath S J|Intellectuality" silences OTHERS! "Intelligence" keeps YOU silent!
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|Love is merely a madness; and, I tell you, deserves as well a dark house and a whip as madmen do; and the reason why they are not so punish'd and cured is that the lunacy is soordinary that the whippers are in love too.
M. Jones, Frankie And Formaldehyde|Live, die, something else lives. The very soil humanity walks upon is built up from death. Digging into a flowerbed means digging into bones.
Guy de Maupassant, Novele|There is a part of everything which is unexplored,because we are accustomed to using our eyes only in association with the memory of what people before us have thought of the thing we are looking at. Even the smallest thing has something in it which is unknown.
P.D. James, Unnatural Causes|I was thinking of murder, mutilation and dessert like Ignacia Sandoval’s instructions for delectable empanadas made of minced mother-in-law’s tongue (said to induce peace and harmony in your household), or the gonads of your cheating husband (a savory dish to add spice to your lovemaking).
Fuminori Nakamura, Evil and the Mask|Just look around! This immense universe is functioning so perfectly well that nothing can be added to it. It needs no improvement. Seeing this, one relaxes. If stars can go on dancing and flowers can go on blooming and birds can go on singing, why not you? You also belong to this universe. You are part of it. In fact, you are the most valuable part of it, the greatest flowering is going to happen in you—the flowering of consciousness, the golden flower of being.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|There was no life Dennis burned to live except, it seemed, a life that wasn't depressed.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|He always accuses me of trying to look'cool', I was like, 'everybody tries to look cool, I just happen to be successful.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|I’ll tell you now. That silence almost beat me. It’s the silence that scares me. It’s the blank page on which I can write my own fears. The spirits of the dead have nothing on it. The dead one tried to show me hell, but it was a pale imitation of the horror I can paint on the darkness in a quiet moment.
Chirag Tulsiani|Because sometimes people expect more, they expect their desires to be met, they fancy a future built on the pillars of their faith.But love is weak and impermanent and thus when the time comes, the pillars begin to crumble.Then again that doesn’t mean they can’t be built again. They can, they surely can, when the times are favorable and the state of affairs, sound.
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|Our hope doesn't rest on our finally getting it together. Our hope rests in Jesus. Jesus in us. It's Christ in us, the hope of glory. Paul says, “To them God has chosen to make known among the Gentiles the glorious riches of this mystery, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory” (Col 1:27). We won't be perfect on this side of heaven. But Jesus is perfect. Always. We are becoming more holy and true. Jesus already is. His name isn't “Becoming.” It is “I Am.” Perfection isn't the goal. Jesus is.
Paul Cook|Presumptions of guilt or innocence may sometimes be strengthened or weakened by the place of birth and kind of education and associates a man has grown up with, and good character may at times interpose, and justly save, under suspicion, one who is accused of crime on slight circumstances.
Lilith Saintcrow|Sometimes, as much as writing saves one’s own life, you cannot imagine how it will save another’s. This is another reason why it is important to do the work, over and over again. It is food, the kind a soul needs.
Jimmy Page|Making music is an emotional thing. And when you're on a video shoot with 50 people there, you have to somehow, in a non-emotional way, say what you want and not feel guilty for it. And that takes growing up and that takes... not caring how people perceive you as much. And it just takes experience, I think.
Chris Salamone|Why, of course, if the reader were smart enough, he could figure the whole thing through after just the first few pages! But in his heart Arthur knew that his readers didn't really want to win. They wanted to test their wits against the author at full pitch, and they wanted to lose. To be dazzled.
Debasish Mridha|The moon has been loving us with her dreamy smile for billions of years, but still she is not tired.
Denham Sutcliffe|The truth is that our enjoyments and our evaluations, like our trades, are learned; intensive knowledge, as well as extensive, is acquired. We learn how to value possessions as well as how to make them; our passions, our disgusts, and our ambitions are learned. Just as we have evolved ways of transmuting physical elements from one to another, so we have evolved ways of transmuting experience into meaning.
Stella Payton|The significant thing about Edwards is the way he enters into the tradition, infuses it with his personality and makes it live. The vitality of his thought gives to its product the value of unique creation. Two qualities in him especially contribute to this result, large constructive imagination and a marvelously acute power of abstract reasoning. With the vision of the seer he looks steadily upon his world, which is the world of all time and space and existence, and sees it as a whole; God and souls are in it the great realities, and the transactions between them the great business in which all its movement is concerned.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|Out of trillions of organisms that were alive at the beginning of time, are alive now and will be alive at the end of time, only one tampers with its food. You do not want to bet against those kinds of odds.
Corey Feldman|My dad, he worked rebar, an ironworker. Watching my pops get up every single morning, going into work, working hard - I think that really made me want to work that hard, wanted to make me get up early and go for a run or get a lift in or get some extra hitting in and really try to better myself every day.
Theodore Dreiser, Sister Carrie|How true it is that words are but the vague shadows of the volumes we mean. Little audible links, they are, chaining together great inaudible feelings and purposes.
John G. Stackhouse Jr., Finally Feminist: A Pragmatic Christian Understanding of Gender|Jesus treats patriarchy the way he treats much else of the law and custom of his time: ambiguously, suggestively, and sometimes subversively, but never immediately revolutionarily outside the central matter of his own mission and person...The main scandal of Jesus' career is properly JESUS - not Jesus and feminism, or Jesus and the abolition of slavery, or Jesus and Jewish emancipation, or Jesus and anything else. Those other causes are good, and they are implicit in Jesus' ministry. But they are incipient at best, and Jesus' accommodation to these various social distinctions needs to be acknowledged and then accounted for in one's paradigm regarding gender.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|And, for one– ten thousandth of a second, all of it fell away, the despair and grief and anger and pain and hunger, and the old Ben Parish rose from the dead. The eyes that impaled. The smile that slayed. In another moment, he would fade, slide back into the new Ben, the one called Zombie, and I understood something I hadn’t before: He was dead, the object of my schoolgirl desires, just as the schoolgirl who desired him was dead.
Bree Despain, The Savage Grace|Adversity or time of trouble is an opportunity to either fall or stand, fail or pass, faint or be strong. The choice is yours.
Andrea Jung|It was a simple question any employee should ask: 'Oh and by the way, how do I get my health insurance to be seamless?'
Leah Cypess, Nightspell|After a few minutes Erica pulled back slightly. “I thought you were supposed to be trying to seduce me?” “Seems like you needed this more.” “You don’t want to…” “Erica, I always want you, but I still want to be here with you even if we’re not going to make love.” “I thought most guys said ‘have sex’.” “Most of the time that’s what it is, but that’s not what we’re doing.” His words made her stomach lurch and flutter. “I will be whatever you need.” “I need you Ethan.” She whispered running her fingertips over his lower lip. “I need you to make love to me right now.” He grinned and tightened his grip on her. “I think that can be arranged.
Anne Carson, Antigonick|perhaps you know that Ingeborg Bachmann poemfrom the last years of her life that begins"I lose my screams"dear Antigone,I take it as the task of the translatorto forbid that you should ever lose your screams
James Comey|One of my favorite things to do is go running early in the morning when everyone in my house is still sleeping. I throw on my iPod, and it's, like, my time.
Kanye West|My popularity has to do with the divorce between modern art, where everything is obscure, and the viewer who often feels he needs a professor to tell them whether it's good or not. I believe a painting has to talk directly to the viewer, with composition, color and design, without a professor to explain it.
Giacomo Casanova, History of My Life, Vols. I & II|Don't be fooled...If they gossip to you, they'll gossip about you.
Bruce Barton|A lot of presidential memoirs, they say, are dull and self-serving. I hope mine is interesting and self-serving.
Victoria Pratt|I honestly believe you can never tell if a relationship is going to last. In my own marriage, which is going on 14 years, I don't think of it as 'I'm going to be with this person forever.' Instead, I think of more like, 'I'll probably be with this person for the next six weeks. Then I'll re-evaluate.'
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|And if humanity is the last war, then I am the battlefield.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|You are funny like a kid and awesome like a princessUnseen like an angel, like the morning sunshine… Kindness like a river and highness like a mountain, In the middle of the Rheine, the cute face and sweet lips …(La la la la, La la , mmmm , mm …)Keep the lovely smile, in your juicy icy eyes Open the heaven for my eyes, forever angel voice Never angry never harsh, never mad never marsh Dear or darling, either diamond or dime, Overall the dream of the world
Elizabeth Kay, Back To The Divide|perhaps,thought Felix,that's what magic is--physics with a different twist to it.my world just hasn't discovered the twist.
Annie Finch|the next time you hear someone in a workshop remarking on how good a particular free-verse line or passage sounds, scan it. The odds are that it will fall into a regular metrical pattern.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|Her kiss could kill us, and my consent signed our death certificates, selfishly and without control. (Eric)
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|Imagine a problem in psychology: to find a way of getting people in our day and age - Christians, humanitarians, nice, kind people - to commit the most heinous crimes without feeling any guilt. There is only one solution - doing just what we do now: you make them governors, superintendents, officers or policemen, a process which, first of all, presupposes acceptance of something that goes by the name of government service and allows people to be treated like inanimate objects, precluding any humane or brotherly relationships, and, secondly, ensures that people working for this government service must be so interdependent that responsibility for any consequences of the way they treat people never devolves on any one of them individually.
Susan Wiggs, The Apple Orchard|She loved old things. The brown-brick place was a survivor of the 1907 earthquake and fire, and proudly bore a plaque from the historical society. The building had a haunted history- it was the site of a crime of passion- but Tess didn't mind. She'd never been superstitious.The apartment was filled with items she'd collected through the years, simply because she liked them or was intrigued by them. There was a balance between heirloom and kitsch. The common thread seemed to be that each object had a story, like a pottery jug with a bas-relief love story told in pictures, in which she'd found a note reading, "Long may we run. -Gilbert." Or the antique clock on the living room wall, each of its carved figures modeled after one of the clockmaker's twelve children. She favored the unusual, so long as it appeared to have been treasured by someone, once upon a time. Her mail spilled from an antique box containing a pigeon-racing counter with a brass plate engraved from a father to a son. She hung her huge handbag on a wrought iron finial from a town library that had burned and been rebuilt in a matter of weeks by an entire community.Other people's treasures captivated her. They always had, steeped in hidden history, bearing the nicks and gouges and fingerprints of previous owners. She'd probably developed the affinity from spending so much of her childhood in her grandmother's antique shop.
Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence|Some of the most effective segments are interviews with various staff members, including Aila, who works for the center’s legal department. She explains the difficulties of rape prosecution, concluding that “only the survivor” can truly define justice. - Kirkus Review
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|Learning to practise mindfulness greatly enhances our ability to manifest emotional intelligence and equanimity under pressure and to display calmness, empathy and adaptability when communicating with others, whether it be with co-workers, clients or the board of directors. Learning to apply mindfulness on a daily basis will significantly encourage a positive, creative and enthusiastic attitude at all levels in companies large and small.
Jose Rizal|If in preaching the gospel you substitute your knowledge of the way of salvation for confidence in the power of the gospel, you hinder people from getting to reality.
Joe Johnston|Romance like a ghost escapes touching; it is always where you are not, not where you are. The interview or conversation was prose at the time, but it is poetry in the memory.
Auliq Ice|I’ve felt that I was trying to row a heavily loaded boat in a storm. I’ve had so much trouble just trying to keep afloat that I couldn’t be bothered about things that didn’t matter, things I could part with easily and not miss, like good manners and--well, things like that. I’ve been too afraid my boat would be swamped and so I’ve dumped overboard the things that seemed least important.
Paul Butcher|I don't really think I feel pressured to become a teen sensation because that's not really my goal in life. It's not really about being star, being popular or having lots of girls. It's really about continuing to be able to act and have fun, and do what I like to do.
Deyth Banger|I am scared like you all people, that tomorrow I will be examined, that there is chance to get something bad as a result, that I will mistake in saying a word aloud or something more worst than this...
Holly Robinson|Even for women without children, trading hours that produce income for hours that produce “only” art seems like a foolish decision. What a loss for the world, though, to have women's voices silenced because art is our last priority.
George Clooney|I've walked with very famous people down red carpets over to the crowd of thousands of people, and you'll reach out to shake their hand and they've got a camera in their hand. And they don't even get their hand out, because they're recording the whole time.
Debasish Mridha|This universe is your home. So make your home peaceful by loving, caring and sharing.
Kenneth Oppel, Half Brother|I felt like I was seeing Shannon through a new lens, undistracted by Jennifer's nuclear glow. I could see how pretty she really was, how kind her eyes were.
Eknath Easwaran, Take Your Time: How to Find Patience, Peace, and Meaning|Oftentimes I think it is far better to listen for an answer, rather than talk out of an effort to create one.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|Bedtime is fraught with fear and disappointment. When it is just me alone with my restless body and mind, I feel like the whole world is asleep and gone. It's very lonely. I am tired of being tired and talking about how tired I am.
Keira D. Skye, Dead Lullabyes in the Lake|Vomit began to spill out of me like pea soup, splattering the road with champagne and caviar, long island iced teas, of bacon appetizers and croissants, and a perfectly grilled filet mignonette. It had gone down easy, among the kiss ups of the lawyer world, but spewed out nastily and hard, in the company of a cheater.
Compton Gage|The land, that thou see now to have root, shall thou see wasted suddenly.
David D. Flowers|I can remember whendelusions of grandeur entailed wanting tobe a rock star, movie star,a millionaire; to make itas a writer—now it seems that it’sto want to earn adecent living
Rae Carson, Walk on Earth a Stranger|Men can be relentless," she agrees, "when they think a woman belongs to them.
Abraham Lincoln|No matter how much the cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. 
Catharine A. MacKinnon|You should really stay true to your own style. When I first started writing, everybody said to me, 'Your style just isn't right because you don't use the really flowery language that romances have.' My romances - compared to what's out there - are very strange, very odd, very different. And I think that's one of the reasons they're selling.
Jim Butcher, Fool Moon|I didn't want to believe that killing was deep inside of me. I didn't want to think about the part of me that took a dark joy in gathering all the power it could and using it as I saw fit, everything else be damned. There was power to be had in hatred, too, in anger and in lust, in selfishness and in pride. And I knew that there was some dark corner of me that would enjoy using magic for killing—and then long for more. That was black magic, and it was easy to use. Easy and fun. Like Legos.
Neville Goddard, Seedtime & Harvest|To get everything you want is an inside job! The outside world is the world of effects; it's just the result of thoughts. Think and bask in happy thoughts. Radiate the feelings of happiness and joy, and transmit that into the Universe with all of your might, and you will experience true heaven on earth.
E. R. Frank|That's how you have to read this book, you see. You wade through a few sentences, then stop and think about them, then wade through a few more.
Carol J. Adams, Animals and Women: Feminist Theoretical Explorations|many efforts on bahalf of of animals will qualitatively improve humans' living conditions as well, which is likely to be the case
Gore Vidal, Messiah|Life will be wonderful when men no longer fear dying. When the last superstitions are thrown out and we meet death with the same equanimity as life. No longer will children's minds be twisted by evil gods whose fantastic origin is in those barbaric tribes who feared death and lightning, who feared life. That's it: life is the villain to to those who preach reward in death, through grace and eternal bliss, or through dark revenge.
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield, The Secret Thoughts of an Unlikely Convert: An English Professor's Journey Into Christian Faith|Magic!' cried an old man. 'Tis sorcery, and we are undone!' 'Not so,' I told him, 'Sorcery cannot harm good Christians.' 'But I am a miserable sinner,' he wailed.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Never allow anything to divert you from your insight into Jesus Christ. It is the true test of whether you are spiritual or not. To be unspiritual means that other things have a growing fascination for you. Since mine eyes have looked on Jesus, I’ve lost sight of all beside, So enchained my spirit’s vision, Gazing on the Crucified.
Vera Nazarian|It does not take a great supernatural heroine or magical hero to save the world.We all save it every day, and we all destroy it -- in our own small ways -- by every choice we make and every tiniest action resulting from that c
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|We do not understand that we are literally able to live and enjoy life only because of other people and things. If one really understands this truth, he cannot help but become humble and appreciate others.
Aldo Leopold, Round River: From the Journals of Aldo Leopold|We shall never achieve harmony with the land, anymore than we shall achieve absolute justice or liberty for people. In these higher aspirations the important thing is not to achieve but to strive.
Wade Davis|To show a 'well-founded fear of persecution', an alien need not prove that it is more likely than not that he or she will be persecuted in his or her home country.
Umar ibn ‘Abd al-‘Azeez|He who has patience, evidently what he pursues must ensue, and come to pass. To every man, this is what he must cultivate above all other things.
Raj Kiran Atagaraha|I know we can do this. I know it’s nothow you would have chosen it, but I know I can make you happy. And all I can say is that you make me … you make me into someone I couldn’t even imagine. You make me happy,even when you’re awful. I would rather be with you – even the you that you seem to think is diminished – than with anyone else in the world.
Isaiyan Morrison, Deamhan|My father also told me that he felt free in that little hole in the ground, much freer than he felt outside, where he was always being chased by the criminals of the regime. That freedom came from inside, from his thoughts, from his soul; and nobody could take that from him.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|Jase opened his door, stepped down, and leaned into her window. “Hungry?”Taking a big breath didn’t help when his sexy scent of cologne had hit her in the face. Hallelujah. “Yeah, I’m getting there.” “Let’s go. The cowboy just came to take you away.” He reached in and turned off the ignition, clasped her keys and opened the door. When she stepped out, he didn’t bother to move back any and they were close. This man was hot and not only his temperature. Whatever kind of chemistry radiated off him, soaked right into her.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.
Sapkowski, Andrzej|Love is an operation theatre, where you find the scalpel and the stitches
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|You’ll get over it…” It’s the clichés that cause the trouble. To lose someone you love is to alter your life for ever. You don’t get over it because ‘it” is the person you loved. The pain stops, there are new people, but the gap never closes. How could it? The particularness of someone who mattered enough to grieve over is not made anodyne by death. This hole in my heart is in the shape of you and no-one else can fit it. Why would I want them to?
R. W. Patterson, Dark Night of the Soul: In the darkest of moments...a sacrifice to end a life...a rescue to save a soul.|Grief—in all of its agony—burrowed deep into her essence, its serrated edges killing her piece by piece.
Gary Weiss|I've had a little bad, bad media luck the new year. Well, apparently I'm dating Bill Clinton, which makes me nervous. I didn't know, though.
Maria Edgeworth, Castle Rackrent|The prevailing taste of the public for anecdote has been censured and ridiculed by critics, who aspire to the character of superior wisdom: but if we consider it in a proper point of view, this taste is an incontestible proof of the good sense and profoundly philosophic temper of the present times. Of the numbers who study, or at least who read history, how few derive any advantage from their labors!
Mary Oliver|That timeI thought I could notgo any closer to griefwithout dyingI went closer,and I did not die.Surely Godhad his hand in this,as well as friends.Still, I was bent,and my laughter,as the poet said,was nowhere to be found.Then said my friend Daniel,(brave even among lions),“It’s not the weight you carrybut how you carry it -books, bricks, grief -it’s all in the wayyou embrace it, balance it, carry itwhen you cannot, and would not,put it down.”So I went practicing.Have you noticed?Have you heardthe laughterthat comes, now and again,out of my startled mouth?How I lingerto admire, admire, admirethe things of this worldthat are kind, and maybealso troubled -roses in the wind,the sea geese on the steep waves,a loveto which there is no reply?
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|I believe theology should be about one's way of life, a kind of gaze into onesself and others, and a mode of one's profound existence in the world.
Jared Diamond|Before I was reading science fiction, I read Hemingway. Farewell to Arms was my first adult novel that said not everything ends well. It was one of those times where reading has meant a great deal to me, in terms of my development - an insight came from that book.
Frederick Buechner, Wishful Thinking: A Theological ABC|More than the painting you see or the music you hear, the words you read become in the very act of reading them part of who you are, especially if they are the words of exceptionally promising writers. If there is poison in the words, you are poisoned; if there is nourishment, you are nourished; if there is beauty, you are made a little more beautiful. In Hebrew, the word dabar means both word and also deed. A word doesn’t merely say something, it does something. It brings something into being.
Sarra Manning, You Don't Have to Say You Love Me|Having a relationship and not even a sexual one is so straight, it's practically perverted.
Ruth Ozeki, My Year of Meats|I’m Posting What Makes Me Happy, Not What‘s Satisfying you
Coco J. Ginger|Now he was nothing to her, just a lesson in time, a wicked boy-man, incapable of wealth or prestige.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Power|If you suffer and make your loved ones suffer, there is nothing that can justify your desire.
Debasish Mridha|Our awareness about ourselves and the world around us is so limited that we are ready to destroy ourselves. For the survival of humanity, an evolution of consciousness is essential.
Liz Reinhardt, Junk Miles|Amy let him lead her to the dance area. She gasped when he immediately tugged her body against his. Clearly Erik had not learned the dance rules taught at St. Francis High School. He didn’t leave room for air, much less a holy presence.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a man is not aware of the existence of the moon, what can the moon do for him except continue sending its lights upon him?
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|In the widely open cup of the armchair was I-330. I, on the floor, embracing her limbs, my head on her lap. We were silent. Everything was silent. Only the pulse was audible. Like a crystal I was dissolving in her, in I-330. I felt most distinctly how the polished facets which limited me in space were slowly thawing, melting away. I was dissolving in her lap, in her, and I became at once smaller and larger, and larger, unembraceable. For she was not she but the whole universe. For a second I and that armchair near the bed, transfixed with joy, we were one.
Donald Hall|To be remembered is, I think, a basic human right. Not one that occurs to a person when it is there, but like a parched throat in the desert when it is gone.
Beth Bares|He was just so gorgeous, erotic, and intimidating at the same time,” she said, grinning.
R. A. Butler|Taking care of children has nothing to do with politics. I think perhaps with time, instead of there being a politicization of humanitarian aid, there will be a humanization of politics.
Walter Mosley, The Last Days of Ptolemy Grey|That's how powerful you are, girl...You pretty, but pretty alone is not what people see. You the kinda pretty, the kinda beauty, that's like a mirror. Men and women see themselves in you, only now they so beautiful that they can't bear to see you go.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|In my biology class, we'd talked about the definition of life: to be classified as a living creature, a thing needs to eat, breathe, reproduce, and grow. Dogs do, rocks don't, trees do, plastic doesn't. Fire, by that definition, is vibrantly alive. It eats everything from wood to flesh, excreting the waste as ash, and it breathes air just like a human, taking in oxygen and emitting carbon. Fire grows, and as it spreads, it creates new fires that spread out and make new fires of their own. Fire drinks gasoline and excretes cinders, it fights for territory, it loves and hates. Sometimes when I watch people trudging through their daily routines, I think that fire is more alive than we are–brighter, hotter, more sure of itself and where it wants to go. Fire doesn't settle; fire doesn't tolerate; fire doesn't 'ge
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|King Solomon's life reminds meof wisdom, wealth, women, woes.
Kiana Donae, Love and Ink|Decades from now, my grandchild is going to be a poet... And she's going to write about how she's a living testament to how her grandmother made love to hurricane and calmed the storm.
C. JoyBell C.|We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.
Thomas Hardy|Altogether he was one in whom no man would have seen anything to admire, and in whom no woman would have seen anything to dislike.
Frank Herbert, Heretics of Dune|Liberty and Freedom are complex concepts. They go back to religious ideas of Free Will and are related to the Ruler Mystique implicit in absolute monarchs. Without absolute monarchs patterned after the Old Gods and ruling by the grace of a belief in religious indulgence, Liberty and Freedom would never have gained their present meaning. These ideals owe their very existence to past examples of oppression. And the forces that maintain such ideas will erode unless renewed by dramatic teaching or new oppressions. This is the most basic key to my life.
Toni Andrews, Beg For Mercy|He had waited until I had my door open, then driven away. The perfect gentleman. Sort of like Dracula just before he drank your blood.
Poppet, Aisyx|Free your mind, Jowendrhan. A cage is only a cage as long as you believe it is.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|The most difficult part of being a mother was to observe the mistakes of one's children: the foolish loves, the desperate solitude and alienation, the lack of will, the gullibility, the joyous and naive leaps into the unknown, the ignorance, the panicky choices and the utter determination.
Erik Satie|Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious; the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.
Roxanne Gay|Rachel rolled her eyes as she let out a breath, "I've been to support groups. I've done the "my name is" thing." Rachel’s leg fell off the couch as she glared at Dr. Kean. "That's what triggered the attempts. I don't want to know that there are people out there who suffer worst than I do. I don't want to listen to their stories so that I can be proud that my injuries were minor, and I don't want to feel guilty for hating someone because compared to what I went though, they got lucky." Rachel winced.
Bruce Sterling, Love is Strange|The culture of the Epic Fail, in its rituals of comic sacrifice, is a culture of sublimated predation.
Kelly Creagh, Oblivion|It was not for the piano-tuner to know that in this still, grey, winter-gripped dining-room, this apparent mortuary of desire and passion (in which the lift rumbled and knives and forks scraped upon plates), waves were flowing forward and backward, and through and through, of hellish revulsion and unquenchable hatred!
Mordecai Wyatt Johnson|Faith, sir, we are here today, and gone tomorrow.
Naomi Klein|Every pause is a precursor to new thoughts, every thought is potentially a new story, every story is a new interpretation and every interpretation is a new shade of grey.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|But love is always new. Regardless of whether we love once, twice, or a dozen times in our life, we always face a brand-new situation. Love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere. We simply have to accept it, because it is what nourishes our existence. If we reject it, we die of hunger, because we lack the courage to stretch out a hand and pluck the fruit from the branches of the tree of life. We have to take love where we find it, even if that means hours, days, weeks of disappointment and sadness.The moment we begin to seek love, love begins to seek us. And to save us.
Epictetus, The Discourses|too much explanation can take the pleasure out of any poetry.(Preface, vii)
Liam Perrin, Sir Thomas the Hesitant and the Table of Less Valued Knights|My dear boy, looking like a thing has little to do with being a thing. Be the thing first, and you will grow to resemble it.
Henry David Thoreau|You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Csaba Gabor-B.| Home is not a place. Home is security, predictability, reliability, dependability, safety, permanence combined together. 
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|We got a saying around here about our corn, ‘it grows knee-high by the Fourth of July.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|For the Hebrews, names provided a direct link with the Creator. They understood words as being the creative fire of God, the ‘black fire on white fire’ of His Law. Every utterance and every act of creation through which He revealed Himself was not only word made flesh but fire made f
Shane Carruth|Be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot.
Ernest Becker|Of two duties we must choose the greater, though of two sins we must choose neither (556).
L.M. Montgomery, Emily of New Moon|There’s very little that worrying can do to help our situations. Worrying is like running on a treadmill…it gives us an opportunity to sweat but gets us absolutely nowhere. Worrying skews our reality, suppresses the immune system, promotes coronary disease, and plagues us with digestive problems. It’s clear…when the soul is heavy the body feels the weight. Do yourself a favor. Lighten up. Take a deep breath, clear your mind and focus your energy on the things you can change rather than on the things you can’t. Worry is the enemy of optimism and personal progress.progress.
Brian D'Ambrosio, Fresh Oil and Loose Gravel: Road Poetry by Brian D'Ambrosio 1998-2008|Helping each other out, that's America.
Tom Brady|When I have supped too heavily of an evening, I drink in the morning a large number of cups of coffee, and that as hot as I can drink it, so that the sweat breaks out on me, and if by so doing I can't restore my body, a whole apothecary's shop couldn't do much, and that is the only thing I have done for years when I have felt a fever.
Stan Jacobs, The Dusk And Dawn Master: A Practical Guide to Transforming Evening and Morning Habits, Achieving Better Sleep, and Mastering Your Life|I see that you have come to the last stage of human life; you are close upon your hundreth year, or even beyond: come now, hold an audit of your life. Reckon how much of your time has been taken up by a money-lender, how much by a mistress, a patron, a client, quarreling with your wife, punishing your slaves, dashing about the city on your social obligations. Consider also the diseases which we have brought on ourselves, and the time too which has been unused. You will find that you have fewer years than you reckon. Call to mind when you ever had a fixed purpose; how few days have passed as you had planned; when you were ever at your own disposal; when your face wore its natural expression; when your mind was undisturbed; what work you have achieved in such a long life; how many have plundered your life when you were unaware of your losses; how much you have lost through groundless sorrow, foolish joy, greedy desire, the seductions of society; how little of your own was left to you. You will realize that you are dying prematurely.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|To read, even in the half-dark, is also to call the lost forward.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I don't want to cry for Edward- at least not in the deep, personal way that you cry for a friend or loved one. I want to cry because something terrible happened, and I saw it, and I could not see a way to mend it.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|If your wife locks you out of the house, you don't have a problem with your door.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Your ideal customer should be attracted to the brand that rests on the fabulous culture youcreated, but they don’t have to share your personal interests or have the same lifestyle you do.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|When I get down to my last dime I'll just walk over to skid row.""There are some real weirdos down there.""They're everywhere.
Jane Cousins, To Vex A Valkyrie|She’d been seconds away from kissing the man… no, throttling him, for his sheer audacity.  “You expect me to bat my eyes and thrust my tits into some hairy creature’s face and then run away like a giggling simpleton?”“They only have the one eye under all that hair, and their eyesight is notoriously bad, so you can probably just keep your… tits where they are. 
Rebecca Chastain, A Fistful of Fire|My job was to fight evil, and my soul was my weapon.
Franz Liszt|Music embodies feeling without forcing it to contend and combine with thought, as it is forced in most arts and especially in the art of words.
Nina Hagen|For me, happiness is doing my best and trying to be helpful.
Philip S. Skell, Why do we invoke Darwin? Evolutionary theory contributes little to experimental biology|I recently asked more than seventy eminent researchers if they would have done I their work differently if they had thought Darwin's theory was wrong. The responses were all the same: no. I also examined the outstanding biodiscoveries of the past century: the discovery of the double helix; the characterization of the ribosome: the mapping of genomes; research on medications and drug reactions: improvements in food production and sanitation; the development of new surgeries; and others. I even queried biologists working in areas where one would expect the Darwinian paradigm to have most benefited research, such as the emergence of resistance to antibiotics and pesticides. Here, as elsewhere, I found that Darwin's theory had provided no discernible guidance, but was brought in, after the breakthroughs, as an interesting narrative gloss.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We can do what we ought to do, only by great grace that comes from God.
Black Elk|People who are in power make their arrangements in secret, largely as a way of maintaining and furthering that power.
Nick Lowles|If the beloved is everywhere,the lover is a veil,but when living itself becomesthe Friend, lovers disappear.
Louise Penny, Still Life|Life is choice. All day, every day. Who we talk to, where we sit, what we say, how we say it. And our lives become defined by our choices. It's as simple and as complex as that. And as powerful. So when I'm observing, that's what I'm watching for. The choices people make.
Yves Behar|What I learned from my years in Silicon Valley is that design can have a primary role in how a business is shaped, how a company can be design-driven. In my experience of large industry in Europe, that knowledge has been lost.
Greg Mottola|I think the best romantic comedies are hard funny - no soft jokes, but ones that make you, like, guffaw. I also think that they have to make you feel good, ideally, and make you feel warm inside at the end.
Ellen Key|Lack of courage or means often deters the European woman from more independent business activity, and this in spite of increasing freedom to choose her occupation, in spite of brilliant examples of successful undertakings of women, in photography, hotel or boarding-house management, dress-making, etc.
Stephen Clarke, A Year in the Merde|If they wanted their shit stirred, then stirred their shit was jolly well going to be.
Justine Davis, The Best Revenge|If I release you, you won't scream? I'd rather not continue the conversation like this."She shook her head, and he freed her. She scrambled away from him, feeling the grooves of the headboard bite into her back when she slammed into it. He sat back on her bed, his hands on his jean-clad thighs. The hair at his neck curled from dampness. "You don't have to be afraid of me." She almost laughed. "A stranger breaks in, and I'm supposed to be cool with that?" "Amy, we're not strangers.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|Depression, somehow, is much more in line with society's notions of what women are all about: passive, sensitive, hopeless, helpless, stricken, dependent, confused, rather tiresome, and with limited aspirations. Manic states, on the other hand, seem to be more the provenance of men: restless, fiery, aggressive, volatile, energetic, risk taking, grandiose and visionary, and impatient with the status quo. Anger or irritability in men, under such circumstances, is more tolerated and understandable; leaders or takers of voyages are permitted a wider latitude for being temperamental. Journalists and other writers, quite understandably, have tended to focus on women and depression, rather than women and mania. This is not surprising: depression is twice as common in women as men. But manic-depressive illness occurs equally often in women and men, and, being a relatively common condition, mania ends up affecting a large number of women. They, in turn, often are misdiagnosed, receive poor, if any, psychiatric treatment, and are at high risk for suicide, alcoholism, drug abuse, and violence. But they, like men who have manic-depressive illness, also often contribute a great deal of energy, fire, enthusiasm, and imagination to the people and world around them.
Jamie Le Fay, Escape|At first the brain weighs a potential partner, and if the partner fits our ancestral wish list, we get a spike in the release of sex chemicals that makes us dizzy with a rush of unavoidable infatuation. It's the first step down the primeval path of pair-bonding.
Pierre-Ambroise Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses|Don't you remember that love, like medicine, is only the art of encouraging nature?
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|By becoming interested in the cause, we are less likely to dislike the effect.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|Are you ready to go home, Catherine?” he asked. “It’s warm inside the house. I kept a fire going for you.”I continued looking at him, unsure how to respond. “Thanks,” I managed to say and then glanced in the direction of his house—our house. “Well, you are my wife. And I know you don’t like the cold.”I’m his wife, I thought to myself. He had said the words as if that simple fact made it necessary to be both thoughtful and kind. As if having gained a wife or husband meant having also gained her or his concerns, and hence the need to consider the person’s needs, wants, and preferences as strongly as one’s own. It struck me as a perfect description of what marriage ought to be. An agreeable notion that had not entered into my petty way of viewing matrimony. I would have assumed it to be above Thaddeus’ egotistical mindset as well.“Catherine?” he said again, watching me regard him with a quizzical expression. “Are you ready to go home?”I nodded, which made him smile.
Dustin Hedrick, The Warrior's Manual: The Ancient Path of the Warrior King for the Warrior Bride|People cry not because they're weak, they cry because they've been strong for too long.
Marilyn French, The Women's Room|They leave the genitals off Barbie and Ken, but they manufacture every kind of war toy. Because sex is more threatening to us than aggression. There have been strict rules about sex since the beginning of written rules, and even before, if we can believe myth. I think that's because it's in sex that men feel most vulnerable. In war they can hype themselves up, or they have a weapon. Sex means being literally naked and exposing your feelings. And that's more terrifying to most men than the risk of dying while fighting a bear or a soldier.
Lynn Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|The programme into which Cheryl was inducted combined all the different ways the intelligence community had learned could cause intense psychological change in adults and children. It had been learned through the use of both knowledgeable and 'unwitting' volunteers. They were subjected to sensory overload, isolation, drugs and hypnosis, all used on bodies that had been weakened from mild hunger. The horror of the programme was that it would be like having an elementary school sex education class conducted by a paedophile rapist. It would have been banned had the American government signed the Helsinki Accords. But, of course, they hadn't. For the test that day and in those that followed, Cheryl Hersha was positioned so she faced a portable movie screen. A 16mm movie projector was on a platform, along with several reels of film. Each was a short pornographic film meant to make her aware of sexuality in a variety of forms...
Louis MacNeice, Autumn Journal|September has come, it is hersWhose vitality leaps in the autumn,Whose nature prefersTrees without leaves and a fire in the fireplace.So I give her this month and the nextThough the whole of my year should be hers who has rendered alreadySo many of its days intolerable or perplexedBut so many more so happy.Who has left a scent on my life, and left my wallsDancing over and over with her shadowWhose hair is twined in all my waterfallsAnd all of London littered with remembered kisses.
Anne Lamott|There are some amazing stories from all over this country, where people's work and contribution has been acknowledged. To be part of that is an absolutely fantastic feeling.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|You cant get to other site, with out being in this site, so you must start from this site, to get to other site !
Lauren F. Winner, Mudhouse Sabbath|Jews are obligated to fulfill the particularities of Mosaic law. They don't light Sabbath candles simply because candles make them feel close to God, but because God commanded the lighting of candles: Closeness might be a nice by-product, but it is not the point. Christians will understand candle-lighting a little differently. Spiritual practices don't justify us. They don't save us. Rather, they refine our Christianity; they make the inheritance Christ gives us on the Cross more fully our own... Practicing the spiritual disciplines does not make us Christians. Instead, the practicing teaches us what it means to live as Christians.
Matthew Paul Turner, Our Great Big American God: A Short History of Our Ever-Growing Deity|The Jesus People experience proved to be a staging area for tens of thousands of young Americans who were making up their mind about marriage, schooling, and careers
Rachel Vincent, If I Die|Tod's pale brows arched halfway up his forehead, and he looked suddenly, achingly wistful. "She knows not what she says..."Maybe not. But I was starting to get a pretty good idea...
Leanna Renee Hieber, The Darkly Luminous Fight for Persephone Parker|You know what I know, Mally. Now you must decide what to believe.
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|Indolent and unworthy the beggar may be—but that is not your concern: It is better, said Joseph Smith, to feed ten impostors than to run the risk of turning away one honest petition.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the furnace of fire, gold and silver are refined.In the furnace of affliction, we are refined and purified.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|There are legions of us, I realized. The mothers who have broken babies, and spend the rest of our lives wondering if we should have spared them. And the mothers who have let their broken babies go, who look at our children and see instead the faces of the ones they never met.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|What was the appeal? Particularly from the very young? A need to belong? some twisted tribal urge? how easy it is for the power-hungry to seduce those who want answers. But were they that different from myself? We all want answers, we all want the "truth"--confirmation that the universe is a good place and that we're protected from harm. We all want to believe there is an order.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|Lying there in the darkness, he knew he was an outcast. " 'Cos I had some sense.
Patrick Ferriday, Masterly Batting: 100 Great Test Innings|The moment I felt my life return was when I took a breath and said to him, "No thank you. Were I as perfect as you are demanding, life would be rather boring.
Kim Kardashian|Most of us have to spend a lot of energy to learn how to drive a car. Then we have to spend the rest of our lives over-concentrating as we drive and text and eat a burrito and put on makeup. As a result, 30,000 people die every year in a car accident in the U.S.
Tamara Hoffa, Roping Love|Uh oh, maybe I’m hysterical. No, the look on his face had been so funny. Did he really think to kiss me into submission? That shit might work in romance novels, but not on me. If he wants to kiss me he’ll have to earn that privilege again.
Kristin Rath, Meant for More: Create Your Dream Life, Plan Your Path, and Start Living It Now|If you keep shooting for what you love to do, then it can’t turn out wrong. Get into the habit of going for what you want. Figure out what makes you happy and fulfilled and then do those things!
Richard Siken, Crush|Here is the cake, and here is the fork, and here's the desire to put it inside us, and then the question behind every question: What happens next?
Adele          Rose, Awakening|PE! This word was comprised of two single letters, which would normally not cause anyone any trouble. They were two single letters that were usually associated with the further words of “health” and “extended life” and therefore, had a positive reputation. However, for me, the P and the E put together was the worst possible combination. Every time they were mentioned, I would sigh in displeasure, my heart rate would increase and I would feel lightheaded. After all, in my mind, PE = exercise and exercise = torture!
Mira Grant, Feed|Alive or dead, the truth won't rest. Rise up while you can.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|I know my life's meaningful because"- and here he stopped, and looked shy, and was silent for a moment before he continued- "because I'm a good friend. i love my friends, and I care about them, and I think I make them happy.
Stefan Molyneux|When people encounter the free market and they recoil or react negatively to it, they're merely confessing that voluntaryism, trade and negotiation are foreign and threatening to them, which tells you everything about how tragically they were raised.
Harry Browne|I made my own assessment of my life, and I began to live it. That was freedom.
Shenita Etwaroo|When everything seems hopeless, turn your mind toward the three people who mean most to you in this world. Think about what you must mean to them, and from those thoughts of those three people will stem all the hope and meaning you’ll need to fight through.
Anthony Sampson|My prayer to God is a very short one "Oh Lord  make my enemies ridiculous!" God has granted it.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|He thought of the virtues of courage and forbearance, which become flabby when there is nothing to use them on.
James Dean|We are only tenants, and shortly the great Landlord will give us notice that our lease has expired.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The true test of a warrior is how your 'stance' holds up after any 'circumstance'. Meaning, even after the stormiest weather, a true warrior will still reflect the brilliant rays of the magnificent sun through both his or her eyes. You may get hit by sudden lightning or take severe beatings from the cruel wind, but you will always get back up and stand strong on your feet again, soak in the sunlight, and be prepared to get hit by even the most merciless hail - time and time again.
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|Jennifer Merrick had stored all her tears inside her, and her pride and courage would never permit her to break down and shed them.
Adele Devine, Colour Coding for Learners with Autism: A Resource Book for Creating Meaning through Colour at Home and School|Abstraction allows man to see with his mind what he cannot see physically with his eyes....Abstract art enables the artist to perceive beyond the tangible, to extract the infinite out of the finite. It is the emancipation of the mind. It is an exploration into unknown areas.
Ricardo Piglia, The Absent City|I am firmly of the opinion that people who can’t speak have nothing to say. It’s one more thing we do to the poor, the deprived: cut out their tongues … allow them a language as lousy as their life
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Miss someone until they come back, or until you come back, until their absence in your life becomes something to be avoided at all costs. Miss them until you don’t have to anymore, until you’re reunited in your favorite booth in your favorite restaurant ordering your favorite meal, miss them until it feels like you never left. Or miss them until you can’t anymore, until the things you miss are identified and cataloged as things and not a person, until you figure out that easy company and long talks and unblinking, all-knowing eye contact will find you again the way they found you the first time. Miss someone until you don’t.
M.F. Moonzajer|Sometimes, to remain silent is to lie, since silence can be interpreted as assent.
Cornelius J., The Credit Repair Book: The Credit Repair Company's "Secret Weapon"|Being an authorized user generates more of a risk than a reward. You are putting your credit in the hands of others. The previous statement implies their mistakes, now becomes yours! - The Credit Repair Book: The Credit Repair Company's Secret Weapon.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Henry lifted his head and looked directly at me. I froze where I stood, feeling as if he had just told me a secret with that look. It was new . It was a question and a statement and a quick, hidden secret all at once..
Eric Siblin, The Cello Suites|(regarding the prelude from suite two)... The key is minor, the three notes a tragic triad. The tones move closer and closer to a harrowing vision, weaving spiter-like, relentlessly gathering sound into thighter concentric circle that come to an abrupt stop. Nothing fills the empty space. A tiny prayer is uttered.
Sandy Ward Bell, Parked at the Mansfields'|I take my food very seriously. Whenever I hear that bell, I know Mrs. Norris is hankerin' for some spam.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|I know now that I can make it through more than I thought, with less than I thought. I know better than to believe that the changes are over, and I know better than to believe the next ones will be easier, but I've learned the hard way that change is one of God's greatest gifts and one of his most useful tools.
Kristen Ashley, Ride Steady|His dear face, dear to her, dearer still. how could she love his face more for its damage? What kind of person saw someone's suffering and felt her heart crack open even wider, even more sweetly than before? There was something wrong with her. It was wrong to want to touch a scar and call it beautiful.
Carmela Dutra|Nothing is more important than creative play through imagination. Never stop playing, and never stop imagining!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Women are like shadows; when you chase them, they run from you; when you run from them, they chase you.
Paul Lockhart|Mathematicians enjoy thinking about the simplest possible things, and the simplestpossible things are imaginary.
Paul Johnson, Modern Times|No matter how much Steve and I preached about staying legal, most of these men never believed us, and some would grin or wink as we spoke.They thought the CKKKK was like the Klan group their grandfathers belonged to back in the 1920's or 30's, when members could get by with just about anything.That ignorance about the CKKKK extended to the masses of people as well.I received hundreds of phone calls from people wanting me to go out and assault this or that person, for wrongs perceived by the callers.One 65 year old White man called, and after informing me his wife of 67 had left him and moved in with a younger man, demanded that I get some men together and, as the caller put it, "Go Klux 'em," meaning to commit some violent act upon them.A Black girl from Angier called once, saying her boyfriend was dating a White girl, and asked me, "Whut you gone do bout it?"Another elderly White lady called and said that her Black maid was stealing her jewelry, as if that was a classic crime for which the CKKKK should render traditional and just "Klan punishment."It's really incredible. 
Charlotte Eriksson|If you look for the beautiful, for a solution, for the positive, then you've won at life.
Dan Raper|The truth can’t hide, Colonel. Sooner or later it will rise to the top, like oil in water.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|We do not get to choose how we start out in life. We do not get to choose the day we are born or the family we are born into, what we are named at birth, what country we are born in, and we do not get to choose our ancestry. All these things are predetermined by a higher power. By the time you are old enough to start making decisions for yourself, a lot of things in your life are already in place. It’s important, therefore, that you focus on the future, the only thing that you can change.
Matthew Underwood|Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.
Virginia Nelson, Hunting For Love|Tugging her purse strap up on her arm, she headed for thedoor. “You have my cell number. I’ll text you. If something goeswrong and he pulls an axe, you’ll be the first person I call.”Michelle groaned. “See, this is why I worry. The first personyou call is the police. Then you call me and tell me the authorities areon their way and you’re hiding in a closet.”“Yeah, ancient wooden closet door versus axe? And you callme the illogical one?
Brandice Snowden, Demon's Veil|I’m not in the torturing business, but I am in the monster-killing business.
Debasish Mridha|Sometimes when you are falling down, you grow wings to fly.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|I have come to see that exploration is not a practice of the unfaithful, but rather is exactly what being a follower of Christ is actually all about.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Christianity is a sacred act of knowing the holy servant of God, Jesus Christ.
Samantha Young, Smokeless Fire|There are many days when all the awful things that happen make you sick at heart, when the path before you is so steep you can’t bear to look. Not even love can rescue a person from that.
Sheila Jeffreys, Unpacking Queer Politics|Girls, here's the truth about the Ban Bossy campaign: It's being spearheaded by a privileged group of elite feminists who have a very vested interest in stoking victim politics and exacerbating the gender divide. They actually encourage dependency and groupthink while paying lip service to empowerment and self-determination. They traffic in bogus wage disparity statistics, whitewashing the fact that what's actually left of that dwindling pay gap is due to the deliberate, voluntary choices women in the workforce make.
Lee Doren, Please Enroll Responsibly: Avoid Indoctrination at College|It is good for a student to be poor. Getting and spending, the typical American college student lays waste his powers. Work and contemplation don't mix, and university days ought to be days of contemplation.
Steven Chopade|If you encountered God as a real person, would you be the same person afterwards? Probably not, people of faith are not always your great leaders or folks with worldly confidence. They are often the glue that keeps things together.They are helping folks out because God is with them. When you take them out, everything falls apart.
Henry A. Wallace|It may be shocking to some people in this country to realize that, without meaning to do so, they hold views in common with Hitler when they preach discrimination against other religious, racial or economic groups.
Elizabeth C. Bunce, StarCrossed|For a moment I was distracted. Books always did that to me... I liked the creamy pages, the smell of ink, all the secrets locked inside.
Steve Maraboli|I am always saddened by the death of a good person. It is from this sadness that a feeling of gratitude emerges. I feel honored to have known them and blessed that their passing serves as a reminder to me that my time on this beautiful earth is limited and that I should seize the opportunity I have to forgive, share, explore, and love. I can think of no greater way to honor the deceased than to live this way.
Hamlin Garland|I remember a hundred lovely lakes, and recall the fragrant breath of pine and fir and cedar and poplar trees. The trail has strung upon it, as upon a thread of silk, opalescent dawns and saffron sunsets. It has given me blessed release from care and worry and the troubled thinking of our modern day. It has been a return to the primitive and the peaceful. Whenever the pressure of our complex city life thins my blood and benumbs my brain, I seek relief in the trail; and when I hear the coyote wailing to the yellow dawn, my cares fall from me - I am happy. ~Hamlin Garland, McClure's, February 1899
Irvin D. Yalom, Love's Executioner and Other Tales of Psychotherapy|I think my quarry is illusion. I war against magic. I believe that, though illusion often cheers and comforts, it ultimately and invariably weakens and constricts the spirit.
Mike Yaconelli|Research is creation of knowledge which leads to new and efficient solutions for the society. Shiv Nadar University, therefore, believes in being at the forefront of research. To create new knowledge, one needs to solve open-ended problems, which basically make one think on one's own.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Myth|You told me mornings were the best time to break your own heart. So here I am, smoking your brand of cigarettes for the scent. I wonder if you still sing Beatles songs as you make coffee. You said your mother used to sing them to you when you couldn’t sleep, nineteen years before we met, twenty before you moved your clothes out of our closet while I was at work. By the way, I hate you for leaving all the photographs on the fridge. Taking them down felt like peeling off new scabs, like slapping a sunburn. I spent so many nights carving your body into pillows, I can promise you nothing feels like sleeping with your arm around me and your breath in my ear. Still, it’s comforting to know we sleep under the same moon, even if she’s so much older when she gets to me. I like to imagine she’s seen you sleeping and wants me to know you’re doing well.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|If only everyone could know and live with their inner craziness. Would the world be a worse place for it? No, people would be fairer and happier.
Kate Northrup, Money, A Love Story: Untangling Your Finances, Creating the Life You Really Want, and Living Your Purpose|He looked upwards at the brilliant blue sky. It was high noon because the sun was right overhead. The clouds danced around slowly, while drifting across the sky. He closed his eyes and felt the warmth of the sun glowing orange on his eyelids. It was a wonderful feeling.
Saji Ijiyemi|If you want to be outstanding, stop meeting expectations, start exceeding them
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Uncover your life’s purpose, not just armed with your faith — but, in the company of your Soul.
Bryan Koepke|As a writer, Bibi, you could be a doctor of the soul.
Bill Ayers|Life often goes along in a stream. The details float by like a leaf on a river. The current is pushing and pulling the leaf, but we do not see it because we are standing on the banks of the river. There are moments when the leaf is caught up in little eddies. Events pile up. They gather like twigs--like flotsam and jetsam--caught up in the stream of life. Time blocks and unblocks in little bursts at such places. Information pours through like water. The details crystallize. Various pressures and turbulences in the river, pouring into the sea of life, push and pull, but we do not see it. We do not see the leaf or the pushing and pulling.
Gigi Hadid|I'm kind of the model that everyone thought would always be the Guess, 'Sports Illustrated' girl. Then, when I started to do high fashion stuff... people were like, 'Oh, so we can have a girl with, like, thighs and a butt in a Tom Ford campaign. Cool.'
Mehmet Murat ildan|We don't move with our legs and arms, but with courage and will power.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Maintain a belief system that admits that all things are possible for those responsible to have them done. It's nothing to deny; whenever God calls us for a responsibility, he give the ability for us to respond to that responsibility!
Deyth Banger|When the river meets the sea, he dies! Because the character of the river is to flow and when the character dies, everything dies!
Saleem Sharma|Winning is a science, educate yourself to win .
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|... there is one BIG factor to take into account before listening to any NAPS recording, and that is clearing yourself of self-limiting beliefs and fears of overcoming!
Elayne Boosler|Yes, people do come across the street to say hi, but as they approach and get near, my perception of space begins to dissolve, and a new interest takes over that is primarily emotional, and with it comes a desire to touch, which may be a human interest, but not the interest of my work.
Nelson Bunker Hunt|To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
Rachel Shukert, Everything Is Going to Be Great: An Underfunded and Overexposed European Grand Tour|In 2005, my mad half, HER was born... ME & HER: a Memoir of Madness, 2012.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you listen to music daily, you find strength of survival.
Lucian Bane, The Scribbler Guardian|Fiction is just a mirror of reality for the most part. Many things that happen in fiction don’t even happen here. But as far as pain and sadness. Joy and love, life and death, it’s all real here. Here it’s real.
Christopher Hitchens|Everybody does have a book in them, but in most cases that's where it should stay.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who can save my wretched soul? Only the Saviour , the Lord Jesus Christ.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|When fear and cold make a statue of you in your bed, don’t expect hard-boned and fleshless truth to come running to your aid. What you need are the plump comforts of a story. The soothing, rocking safety of a lie.
Yo-Yo Ma|I didn't choose 'Silver Spoons'. I think my mom and agent chose it because at that time there was a lack of patience on some of the people that were in charge of my career. I think there was a big offer on the table, and I think they took it.
Don Rickles|In the first 50 years of the filibuster, it was used only 35 times. But the last Congress alone had 112 cloture motions filed, plus threats of more. This is the tyranny of the minority.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we come to the end of ourselves, we come to the beginning of God.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|Kids didn't have huge backpacks when I was their age. We didn't have backpacks at all. Now it seemed all the kids had them. You saw little second-graders bent over like sherpas, dragging themselves through the school doors under the weight of their packs. Some of the kids had their packs on rollers, hauling them like luggage at the airport. I didn't understand any of this. The world was becoming digital; everything was smaller and lighter. But kids at school lugged more weight than ever.
Nourhan Mamdouh|Some Fairy tales are meant to teach us lessons, some may come true, sometimes Magic is real....
Sunday Adelaja|If Governments Promote The Principles Of The Kingdom, Then We Will See An Established Society
Gautama Buddha|I am not a Buddhist. Yet there is a Buddhist story that I hold dear. A monk walks in a forest, and chances upon a tiger. The tiger chases him, and the monk runs until he comes to a cliff. With the tiger on his heels, the man grasps a vine and clambers down. Another tiger appears at the bottom. As the man hangs there, a mouse crawls from a crevice just beyond his reach and begins to gnaw the vine. Death above, death below, and death in between. He sees a big ripe strawberry near his mouth. It is delicious.In this moment, flying miles above the strawberry fields of California's San Joachin Valley, I think that I would change the ending of this story. Instead of giving the doomed man a strawberry, what if we leave him alone with the two tigers, the mouse, and the fraying vine? For the last time, his arms grow tired, he feels a familiar ache deep in his muscles. For the last time he catches his breath, feels a rasping in his throat and lungs. He feels this, and a thousand other things. It is all delicious.
Joyce Carol Oates, The Journal of Joyce Carol Oates: 1973-1982|Fiction that adds up, that suggests a "logical consistency," or an explanation of some kind, is surely second-rate fiction; for the truth of life is its mystery.
John Malkovich|I probably have more female friends than any man I've ever met. What I like about them is that almost always they're generally mentally tougher, and they're better listeners, and they're more capable of surviving things. And most of the women that I like have a haunted quality - they're sort of like women who live in a haunted house all by themselves.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world’s most lethal venom is not found on the tongues of serpents, but on the tongues of a disgruntled wife.
Hannelie Venucia|I get a letter once a week from my mama. She say everything fine at home.. I write her back too, when I can, but what I'm gonna tell her that won't start her bawling again? So I just say we is having a nice time and everybody treating us fine.
Andi  Jones, Living Without Limits: A Memoir by Andi Jones|Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.
Kayla Rose Kotecki|They (...) call what I have an invisible illness, but I often wonder if they're really looking. Beyond the science stuff. It doesn't bleed or swell, itch or crack, but I see it, right there on my face. It's like decay, this icky green colour, as if my life were being filmed through a grey filter. I lack light, am an entire surface area that the sun can't touch.
M.F. Moonzajer|Stupidity is doomed,therefore, to cringeat every syllableof wisdom.
Feather Stone, The Guardian's Wildchild|Keep thy airspeed up, less the earth come from below and smite thee.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ONE HUNDRED ONE WORLD ACCOUNTS in ONE HUNDRED ONE WORD COUNT|A dessert to a deserter in the desert burst, "You trust your thirst. And you are too hot! You scream for ice cream. And believe it or not, I may not be your first. But I might be your lust! Give it a shot...
Confucius, The Analects|One who never anticipates deceit or expects duplicity, and yet is the first to recognize such things – is that not a sage indeed?
Terri Herman-Poncé, In This Life|We do not remember days, Shemei, we remember moments, and the richness of life lies in memories we have forgotten.
Rob Kalin|Under the bridge, traffic above us and coats around us, hearts thudding with the steady perfection of this moment, I thought of every word I had never before dared to think about him.Future. Hope.And love, as the rain slowed to a misty trickle through the long and beautiful night.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|1983:To my generation has now come the challenge. In the days to come we will be tested on whether we have the moral courage, the realism, the idealism, the tenacity, and the ability to sacrifice some of the current comfort to invest in the future... I believe that this generation will rise to the challenge... The experts believe that, like the Democratic Party itself, the less than forty-year-old voters are prepared to sell their souls for some security, real or illusory. They have misjudged us. Just because our political heroes were murdered does not mean that the dream does not still live, buried deep in our broken hearts.
Damien Rice|I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.
James     Baldwin, Collected Essays: Notes of a Native Son / Nobody Knows My Name / The Fire Next Time / No Name in the Street / The Devil Finds Work / Other|It took many years of vomiting up all the filth I’d been taught about myself, and half-believed, before I was able to walk on the earth as though I had a right to be here.
Nico Rosberg|I rolled the second car that I ever owned, a Toyota 4 Runner. This was winter in Colorado, two weeks before the 2002 Olympic trials. I was driving in the outside lane, and my rear tire caught some black ice, and we totally turned sideways to the point where we were heading right toward the median.
H.M. Forester, Game of Aeons|She half suspected that he had had been ordered by contract to look mouth-watering at all times. If he hadn't, it was really rude of him to persist in it. It was distracting.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Do not let your difficulties fill you with anxiety, after all it is only in the darkest nights that stars shine more brightly.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|It is unimpressive to not return what’s been borrowed. Whether you have borrowed money, folding chairs, yard tools, or a popular book, always make sure you return to another person what is rightfully theirs. Lending it to you in the first place was a gift of trust and assistance. Being slow to give back in return may be considered rude.
Caitlyn Jenner|If I had not been dyslexic, I wouldn't have needed sports. I would have been like every other kid. Instead, I found my one thing, and I was never going to let go of it. That little dyslexic kid is always in the back of your head.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|You have only to forgive once. To resent, you have to doit all day, every day. You have to keep remembering all the bad things" Frank to Hannah Roennfeldt
Lex Valentine, Christmas Hookup|After all, you couldn't expect any man to turn away from a beautiful woman with her ass in the air.
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|I looked at him like a stranger, someone I’d never seen before, and he looked at me like I’d been lost to him for a thousand years and finally found.
David McCullough, The Greater Journey: Americans in Paris|If life were fattening, Walter Cronkite would weigh 500 pounds.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Thoughts of being a pirate and stealing her away to my ship race across my mind. Although I’m not a pirate, and she’s not my captured princess.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|Determined eyes see less sleep; a focused mind has less time for idleness. Hearts filled with tenacity don’t just give up. When you are at the battlefield, you do all things with a different energy!
Dan Wells, I Am Not A Serial Killer|Sow a thought and reap an action, sow an action and reap a habit, sow a habit and reap a destiny - John Cleaver
David O. McKay|Well,’ you may ask, ‘how may I know when I am in love?’. . . George Q. Morris [who later became a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, gave this reply]: ‘My mother once said that if you meet a girl in whose presence you feel a desire to achieve, who inspires you to do your best, and to make the most of yourself, such a young woman is worthy of your love and is awakening love in your heart.
Toni Sorenson|Never let them try out this gratitude, for they would immediately discover that it supplies the first and most important component to happiness: Contentment.
Kyung-Sook Shin|Living does not mean passing through a void of nothingness but rather through a web of relationships among beings, each with their own weight and volume and texture. Insofar as everything is always changing, so our sense of hope shall never die out. Therefore, I leave you all with one final thought: Live. Until you are down to your final breath, love and fight and rage and grieve and live.
Elle Kennedy, The Deal|I should move away from his touch. But he’s a constant storm in my life, clouding my head, ensuring I make bad decisions. He doesn’t do it on purpose, he knows we’re not good for each other, but there’s something about us that makes us fight back harder, thinking we can overcome it.
|Your God's given destiny can only become inevitable if you refuse to go against its manifestation with your frequent thoughts, decisions and actions.
Stefan Molyneux|The tombstone over the grave of the conscience always reads: "Human Nature".
Jennifer Hinsman, Angel of Death|And how unfair it would be to torture your heart in never feeling again, because of a feeling you haven't even tried to understand yet.
Ian Pattison, A Stranger Here Myself: Being The Life Story And Revelations Of Mister Rab C. Nesbitt Of Govan|Since cancer is an anaerobic growth, enhancing aerobic metabolism in a cancer patient is like shining daylight on a vampire.
Robert Rivera|Invest in your knowledge and future! Especially if you got kids, you don't want them going through life struggling trying to find jobs to survive and dealing with managers that don't know how to act because of their position, you don't want them to go through what you went through.... If you live day by day then you wont have something to look forward to." -Robert RiveraNew King James VersionProverbs 13:22- A good man leaves an inheritance to his children’s children.
Mark W. Boyer|Dreamers dream the dream, Artists live it.
Winifred Holtby|I am a feminist because I dislike everything that feminism implies. I desire an end to the whole business, the demands for equality, the suggestion of sex warfare, the very name feminist. I want to be about the work in which my real interests like, the writing of novels and so forth. But while inequality exists, while injustice is done and opportunity denied to the great majority of women, I shall have to be a feminist. And I shan't be happy till I get . . . a society in which there is no distinction of persons either male or female, but a supreme regard for the importance of the human being. And when that dream is a reality, I will say farewell to feminism, as to any disbanded but victorious army, with honour for its heroes, gratitude for its sacrifice, and profound relief that the hour for its necessity has passed.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Hope," Frank grumbled. "I'd rather have a few good weasels.
Elizabeth Hoyt, The Raven Prince|I won’t marry you,” she repeated.“Why not? You were eager enough to fuck me.”Anna winced. “I do wish you would stop using that word.”Edward swung around and assumed a hideously sarcastic expression. “Would you prefer swive? Tup? Dance the buttock jig?
Maureen Muldoon|-Nobody can force you to smile, she says. -What? I ask. But I know she's not even talking to me, only to herself, as if she's the last person left in the room. -They can make you show your teeth, but what good is that? Nobody can make you smile against your will.
John Chrysostom|To all apparent beauties blind, each blemish strikes an envious mind.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|The witch who claims to forbear her magick for fear of causing the next Indian tsunami is really saying that she is powerful enough to kill thousands of innocent strangers when all she meant to do was water her mugwort. She can't be challenged to produce evidence of this, because doing could provoke earthquakes and Africanized bee attacks.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You don't need a prophet to wake you up from your bed; you need no archbishop to describe the size of your spoon for you. Remember, you are in the center of management of your own affairs when the time comes for you to act!
Patty Loveless|Every Christmas, all around Ghana, there are tons of these parties and they are full of everything that exists in human life in Ghana and worldwide.
Shelly Laurenston, Here Kitty, Kitty!|It wasn’t until someone kicked his legs that Nik woke up. Alek, snoring beside him, his head resting on his shoulder. Ban snoring on the other couch, the noise rivaled only by the dog. He looked into the impossibly cranky face of Zach Sheridan. “Y’all get food?” “We had a full refrigerator before you three got here.” “Where I come from, we don’t let the refrigerator get empty.” “Where you come from, you marry your sister.
Erwin Rommel, The Rommel Papers|That's the way all life's battles are won.. You don't look at the overall picture. You take one step, then another, and another... until you arrive at your destination.
Vincent van Gogh|If I am worth anything later, I am worth something now. For wheat is wheat, even if people think it is a grass in the beginning.
Sylvia Earle|I always read about these stories of entrepreneurs - it's like they're in the desert with no water, and they're the ones that survive. But I've been really fortunate to have people on my team who are optimistic about the future and who know that if you work through hard times that there's usually something good at the end.
Brian Jacques, Outcast of Redwall|Each of us is born to follow a star, be it bright and shining or dark and fated. Sometimes the path of these stars will cross, bringing love or hatred. However, if you look up at the skies on a clear night, out of all the countless lights that twinkle and shine, there will come one. That star will be seen in a blaze, burning a path of light across the roof of the earth, a great comet.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Everywhere he touches is fire. My whole body is burning up, the two of us becoming twin points of the same bright white flame.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|The word 'inauthentic' is used by Heidegger to describe the ostrich-like attitude of the man who seeks to escape from his inescapable self-responsibility by becoming an anonymous member of a crowd. This is the normal attitude of nearly everybody. To be 'authentic' a man must be constantly and deliberately aware of his total responsibility for what he is. For example, a judge may disclaim personal responsibility for sentencing people to punishment. He will say that as a judge it is his duty to punish. In other words it is as an anonymous representative of the Judiciary that he punishes, and it is the Judiciary that must take the responsibility. This man is inauthentic. If he wishes to be authentic he must think to himself, whenever he sits on the Bench or draws his salary, 'Why do I punish? Because, as a judge, it is my duty to punish. Why am I a judge? Is it perhaps my duty to be a judge? No. I am a judge because I myself choose to be a judge. I choose to be one who punishes in the name of the Law. Can I, if I really wish, choose not to be a judge? Yes, I am absolutely free at any moment to stop being a judge, if I so choose. If this is so, when a guilty man comes up before me for sentence, do I have any alternative but to punish him? Yes, I can get up, walk out of the courtroom, and resign my job. Then if, instead, I punish him, am I responsible? I am totally responsible.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|This is a world where things move at their own pace, including a tiny lift Fortey and I shared with a scholarly looking elderly man with whom Fortey chatted genially and familiarly as we proceeded upwards at about the rate that sediments are laid down.When the man departed, Fortey said to me: "That was a very nice chap named Norman who's spent forty-two years studying one species of plant, St. John's wort. He retired in 1989, but he still comes in every week.""How do you spend forty-two years on one species of plant?" I asked."It's remarkable, isn't it?" Fortey agreed. He thought for a moment. "He's very thorough apparently." The lift door opened to reveal a bricked over opening. Fortey looked confounded. "That's very strange," he said. "That used to be Botany back there." He punched a button for another floor, and we found our way at length to Botany by means of back staircases and discreet trespass through yet more departments where investigators toiled lovingly over once-living objects.
Thomas M. Disch, The Brave Little Toaster|It considered trying to explain their error to them, but what would be the use? They would only go away with hurt feelings. You can't always expect people, or squirrels, to be rational.
Daphne Gottlieb, Why Things Burn|This weekin live currentevents: your eyes.All power can bedangerous:Director alternating,you, socket to me.Plugged in and the gridis humming,this electricity,molecule-deep desire:particular friction, a chargestrong enough to stopa heartor start itagain; volt, re-volt--I shudder, I stutter, I startto life. I've got my ionyou, copper-top,so watch how youconduct yourself.Here's today'snewsflash: a battery of rollingblackouts in California, sudden,like lightning kisses:sudden, whitehotdarkness and you'rehere, fumbling forthat small switchwith an urgent surgestrong enough to killlesser machines.Static makes hair raise,makes things cling,makes things rise likea gathering stormcharging outsideour darkened houseand here I am:tempest, pouring outmouthfullsof tsunami on the ground,I've got that rain-soaked kite,that drenched key.You know what it's for,circuit-breaker, you knowhow to kiss until it's hertz.
Candace Bushnell, The Carrie Diaries|You can get used to anything, I guess, if you've been there enough.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't plead with anyone if you were not at fault, you'll only look inferior, stupid and funny, bolster your ego by doing the undoing.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|The repugnance to what must ensue almost immediately, and the uncertainty, were dreadful, he said; but worst of all was the idea, 'What should I do if I were not to die now? What if I were to return to life again? What an eternity of days, and all mine! How I should grudge and count up every minute of it, so as to waste not a single instant!' He said that this thought weighed so upon him and became such a terrible burden upon his brain that he could not bear it, and wished they would shoot him quickly and have done with it."The prince paused and all waited, expecting him to go on again and finish the story."Is that all?" asked Aglaya."All? Yes," said the prince, emerging from a momentary reverie."And why did you tell us this?""Oh, I happened to recall it, that's all! It fitted into the conversation—""You probably wish to deduce, prince," said Alexandra, "that moments of time cannot be reckoned by money value, and that sometimes five minutes are worth priceless treasures. All this is very praiseworthy; but may I ask about this friend of yours, who told you the terrible experience of his life? He was reprieved, you say; in other words, they did restore to him that 'eternity of days.' What did he do with these riches of time? Did he keep careful account of his minutes?""Oh no, he didn't! I asked him myself. He said that he had not lived a bit as he had intended, and had wasted many, and many a minute.""Very well, then there's an experiment, and the thing is proved; one cannot live and count each moment; say what you like, but one cannot." "That is true," said the prince, "I have thought so myself. And yet, why shouldn't one do it?""You think, then, that you could live more wisely than other people?" said Aglaya."I have had that idea.""And you have it still?""Yes — I have it still," the prince replied.
Joshua Ferris, Then We Came to the End|going to have an industrial society you must have places that will look terrible. Other places you set aside—to say, ‘This is the way it was.’ 
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|He were found drowned. He were coming home very hopeless o' aught on earth. He thought God could na be harder than men; mappen not so hard; mappen as tender as a mother; mappen tenderer. I'm not saying he did right, and I'm not saying he didn't wrong. All I say is, may neither me nor mine ever have his sore heart, or we may do like things.
C. JoyBell C.|People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!
Wildbow, Twig|If you don't love Jesus out loud, then it must not be real love. It's not enough to forge your own spiritual connection to the Divine. It must be displayed publicly.
Kate Meader, Taking the Score|Because they’re wet, Noah’s jeans are a bit stubborn sliding down, but he’s successful, and in the mirror I’m drawn to his naked body. I love the raw power of his shoulder blades and the curve of his back that trails lower to his...my mouth dries out...oh, crap...his butt is...how do I describe something so exquisite?Everything about Noah is sexy, and as he bends to pull the jeans off his f
Elon Musk|Harlem was a development, a developer's dream and a place where residents had more space and more amenities than ever before. The subway reached 145th street about 1904, and it seemed that Harlem's destiny was to become largely a preserve of successful ethnics relocating and arriving. Then, overnight, the bust took place.
Melissa Pearl, Golden Blood|Gem, there is an exception to every rule and we are going to be it. I'm not losing you.
raja shakeel mushtaque|It's completely okay to sediment and live a life on the base of the earth and not up high.--Like the pearls of sea found in its bottom, the pearls of life are also found in the niches of ground.
Margaret Mead|Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Thomas Murdock|-Elves never make any major decision until they have thought the matter over for at least a year or two, gone round to all their friends and relatives and discussed the problem, done research, read tomes, consulted the sages.-And what happens then?- By then they've usually forgotten what it was they meant to do in the first place.
Zeena Schreck, Beatdom #11: The Nature Issue|The restoration of man’s inner eyes can hardly be expected in this day and age — unless, first of all, one were willing and determined simply to exclude from one’s realm of life all those inane and contrived but titillating illusions incessantly generated by the entertainment industry.
Pepper Blair|A hand touched my shoulder, shaking me. I was back on the bus. It was dark and warm and I just wanted to sleep, but Chloe kept shaking my sho
Maria Shriver|Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|Everyone's moving on without me, into a world I don't understand.
Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell|Like LaVey, I had a also discovered what happens when you say something powerful that makes people think. They become afraid of you, and they neutralize your message by giving you a label that is not open to interpretation-- as a fascist, a devil worshipper or an advocate of rape and violence.
Jowita Bydlowska, Drunk Mom|And even though people like to furrow their brow like they suspect you're not being honest about yourself, the truth is that they worry that you're not serving their idea of you.
Laura Dave, The Divorce Party|You think if you don’t talk about it, you can just pretend everything is all right? Everything is not all right. Not with us, not with your parents, not with anything today. And if you let yourself go anywhere real with it, you have to acknowledge it.
Lynda Resnick|If you are a lousy teacher, you should be fired.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Because misery, and degradation, and death, and nothing that God or Satan could inflict would have parted us, you, of your own will did it. I have no broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine. So much the worse for me that I am strong.
Alexandre Dumas fils, The Lady of the Camellias|The material world coexists alongside the ideal life, and the purest intentions are bound to the earth by ridiculous threads, but they are threads of iron and they are not easily broken.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Once God leads you to make a decision, don’t draw back. Instead, trust His leading, and believe He goes before you—because He does.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ wants to give you hope for the future. He wants you to learn what it means to walk with Him every day. When you come to Christ, God gives you eternal life—which begins right now as you open your heart to Him.
Sunday Adelaja|She looked at him for an age, and he read nothing short of love on her face. It warmed him to the core he'd thought dead, and scared the crap out of him.
Steve Jobs, Steve Jobs: His Own Words and Wisdom|It doesn't make sense to hire smart people and then tell them what to to , We hire smart people so they can tell us what to do.
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|He would say her name over and over until it devolved into meaningless sounds - mah REI kuh, mah REI kuh - it became an entry in a dictionary of loneliness.
Sharon Gardner, Holidays in Poem for the Heart of a Child|We create our own reality through our thoughts, emotions and beliefs.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Knowledge if churned like milk, results in the butter of wisdom.
S. Kelley Harrell|We can’t turn our true selves off and on situationally and expect them to carry and sustain us. Rationing creativity results in bipolarism of the spirit. Our creativity is also our life force. When we turn it off and on like a spigot, we start to become less and less able to control the valve.
Nawal El Saadawi|I am a sworn atheist and therefore from my point of view the Talmud or the Koran don't constitute works of political philosophy but rather writings that stand in utter contradiction to concepts like logic, freedom, feminism, secularism, brotherhood - which are my ideals.
Jane Green|It was amazing to me that, all of a sudden, I was hearing my music on the radio and coming out of cars.
Mike Huckabee|Some people don't like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster.
Meredith Wild, On My Knees|You’re wondering whether this is a good idea. Because you’re smart and you see right through me, but you can’t help but want this anyway.
John F. Kennedy|I really don't know why it is that all of us are so committed to the sea, except I think it's because in addition to the fact that the sea changes, and the light changes, and ships change, it's because we all came from the sea. And it is an interesting biological fact that all of us have in our veins the exact same percentage of salt in our blood that exists in the ocean, and, therefore, we have salt in our blood, in our sweat, in our tears. We are tied to the ocean. And when we go back to the sea - whether it is to sail or to watch it - we are going back from whence we
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Just don’t stare at my ass, Landemere,” he added.“I wasn’t staring at your ass,” Arranulf, who had been staring at his ass, said.
Truth Devour, Wantin|Never hesitate to let the one you love know how you feel. Align your minds, synchronise your hearts and above be fearless when dancing with their souls.
DaShanne Stokes|If you truly have faith in your convictions, then your convictions should be able to stand criticism and testing.
Wes Adamson|We talk a lot about the five senses: vision, hearing, smell, taste, and touch. I would add one more…imagination.
Jenny Mollen, I Like You Just the Way I Am: Stories About Me and Some Other People|The majority of our relationship took place over the phone, saving me tons of calories in unswallowed semen.
Ciputra|When we get in late and the only thing open is fast food, it can be tough to maintain a healthy diet.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|So often, fear keeps us from being able to say yes to love—perhaps our greatest challenge as human beings.
John Ortberg Jr., The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You|Low self-esteem causes me to believe that I have so little worth that my response does not matter. With repentance, however, I understand that being worth so much to God is why my response is so important. Repentance is remedial work to mend our minds and hearts, which get bent by sin.
Travis Scott|My dad was always playing music. Not, like, playing music but listening to music.
Siobhan Davis, Saven Denial|It is very often the ordinary things that go unnoticed that end up making a difference. As you embark upon your high school careers, be unnoticed, but be remarkable.
Idries Shah, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study|He is the completed Man who, from his completeness, performs, with his Mastership, the work of a slave.
Jesus Christ|For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? Gospel of Mark ~ Mark 8:36
Tanmaya Guru|Just follow your bliss, that's all you have to do. Be willing to be disappointed, for if you risk nothing, you'll have nothing worth having.
Julia Stiles|I'm much more interested in what an actor has to say about something substantial and important than who they're dating or what clothes they're wearing or some other asinine, insignificant aspect of their life.
Jack Nicklaus|The myriad of serious health risks resulting from poor diet include high cholesterol, heart disease, type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, stroke, and even sleep apnea.
Sarah Ockler, Bittersweet|The internet was supposed to liberate knowledge, but in fact it buried it, first under a vast sewer of ignorance, laziness, bigotry, superstition and filth and then beneath the cloak of political surveillance. Now...cyberspace exists exclusively to promote commerce, gossip and pornography. And of course to hunt down sedition. Only paper is safe. Books are the key. A book cannot be accessed from afar, you have to hold it, you have to read it.
E.R. Wade, Stay With Me|Forget walking, right now I could fly."-Marcus
J.M. Coetzee, In the Heart of the Country|Deprived of human intercourse, I inevitably overvalue the imagination and expect it to make the mundane glow with an aura of self-transcendence.
Marshall McLuhan|Prudence is but experience, which equal time, equally bestows on all men, in those things they equally apply themselves unto.
Behati Prinsloo|Yes, I'm obsessed with health, which has been an interesting journey. I went down the raw-food diet route, but got ill. It was really hard, especially in Britain in winter, trying to survive on raw carrots. I became so ill and anemic, so I stopped that and became a vitamin junkie. I just ate lots of vegetables, exercised and breathed.
James Clavell, Shōgun|Why is she afraid?" he asked. "She's not Anjin-san. Just a little nervous. Please excuse her. She's never seen a foreigner close to before." "Tell her when the moon's full, barbarians sprout horns and fire comes out of our mouths like dragons.
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|There's a song that I hear at the back of my heart that I feared for so long, when I sensed you were there. And I think of those times when you crept into my dreams and I thought you a threat to curse my sweet king. But it was the boy in your belly that whispered to mine, and even before that, you lived in my spirit. Because I think of those times when I was a child. I prayed to the gods and I begged for a sign. I know that they sent you, despite the blood of all those you loved shed at the hands of my kin. For you were the one who found him in exile and though it took time, you led Froi to his home. And you've sent me this trinket that hardened my heart, because I wanted your words and a sign of true peace. But I’ve opened it now after all these long weeks, and Froi stares at it, speechless, when I hold out my hand. And we see it before us, our spirits shaking. The brilliance of color: the same ruby ring.Oh, you’ve outdone me twice now, you queen of forgiveness. The ring’s a promise of peace, and I’m greedy with hope. It’s a song that we sing in a tongue that we share. And though you say it’s a gift from a king to a king, I say it’s a sign from a queen to a queen.
Robert E. Howard|Gleaming shell of an outworn lie; fable of Right divine—You gained your crowns by heritage, but Blood was the price of mine.The throne that I won by blood and sweat , by Crom, I will not sellFor promise of valleys filled with gold, or threat of the Halls of Hell!
Mensah Oteh|Life is like soil – it will always return a harvest. If you plant good seeds, you’ll reap a bountiful harvest.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|A chair can be more valuable in memories than, say, a precious gem. A gem could have no stories to share; no lives altered or changed in the slightest. It could remain buried beneath the earth for all we know and never have any memory to embody. A chair could transcend time and generations; from the people who sat in it and onlookers. It's all about considering what stories could be told if they had voices of their own.
Gustave Courbet|Michael and Gabriel-"Creatures of an unremembered beginning, born of light and sent to protect this place and live among men of free will. To comfort them in death and guide their souls to a new form." Angels
N.T. Wright, For All God's Worth: True Worship and the Calling of the Church|You see, the bodily resurrection of Jesus isn't a take-it-or-leave-it thing, as though some Christians are welcome to believe it and others are welcome not to believe it. Take it away, and the whole picture is totally different. Take it away, and Karl Marx was probably right to accuse Christianity of ignoring the problems of the material world. Take it away, and Sigmund Freud was probably right to say that Christianity is a wish-fulfillment religion. Take it away, and Friedrich Nietzsche was probably right to say that Christianity was a religion for wimps. Put it back, and you have a faith that can take on the postmodern world that looks to Marx, Freud and Nietzsche as its prophets, and you can beat them at their own game with the Easter news that the foolishness of God is wiser than men, and the weakness of God is stronger than men.
Erik Pevernagie|Let us use words carefully, because words can betray and kill.( "A gap of silence")
Annette Thomas|I'm a good enough person to forgive you, and you should be a good enough person to not do it again.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|Tear filled eyes glisten in the firelight. She’s so fucking beautiful that it hurts to look at her, but it’s an ache I hope to feel for as long as I live, because the pain of losing her again...that I don’t think I’d survive.
Sunday Adelaja|Overcoming all obstacles improves us, develops our natural ability and makes us stronger
Robert Holden|On a world built to ordered specification, there was no logical reason for such a mountain to exist. Yet every world should have at least one unclimbable mountain.
Holly Black, Tithe|The reason dying is so easy is because death has no meaning... And the reason death has no meaning is because life has no meaning. All the same, have fun!
James Patterson|Almost nothing is known about Homer, which explains why so much has been written about him.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I'm not into appearances. I like flaws, I think they make things interesting.
Josh Ramsay of Marianas Trench|I'm supposed to a man who never blows his composureA boy trapped in a war, forced to be a soliderThe weight of the world just put on top of my shouldersBut if there's one thing I know for sureIt's that my mind has had its exposureAnd my emotional turmoil has finally had its closure
Scott Hastie|Wanna make a monster? Take the parts of yourself that make you uncomfortable — your weaknesses, bad thoughts, vanities, and hungers — and pretend they’re across the room. It’s too ugly to be human. It’s too ugly to be you. Children are afraid of the dark because they have nothing real to work with. Adults are afraid of themselves.
Sonya Huber|Despite what appears to be a low risk of addiction in naïve, chronic pain patients, it is reasonable to ask how much harm is actually done to patients with chronic pain by withholding opiate analgesics.
Fakeer Ishavardas|As children play games with imaginary things, initially a seeker indulges in little things. So simple people believe in simple things.
Jodi LaPalm, The Choice Not Taken|Staring over him in the dim light of a side lamp, my tired eyes traced along the path of faint, yet emerging, lines etched around his equally-tired eyes. They'd become a permanent reminder of his ever-smiling face, and I wished–even after all of these years together-that I could absorb some of his contentment.
Rodney Stark|That new technologies and techniques would be forthcoming was a fundamental article of Christian faith. Hence, no bishops or theologians denounced clocks or sailing ships--although both were condemned on religious grounds in various non-Western societies. 
William C. Bullitt|...My deepest personal reason for staying in Paris is that whatever I have as a character, good or bad, is based on the fact that since the age of four I have never run away from anything however painful or dangerous when I thought it was my duty to take a stand -- the American Ambassador to France upon being asked to evacuate Paris by the State Department on the eve of Nazi occupation of Paris in 1940
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|I was girly and friendly and my family life was happy but many days I felt like I was on the inside what Chase was on the outside. I always believed I was a happy person with a sad soul. I felt like I had had tragedy in my life when I hadn’t. Somehow, without having experienced what he had, his scars resonated with me.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|She quite liked this aspect of her personality, the way her mood could change from melancholy to euphoric because of a breeze or a flavor or a beautiful chord progression. It meant she never had to feel too down about feeling down.
M.H. Rakib, Pakistan|Around our enthusiasm, are the ways to surround our destinies.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Jo told me once that she was an old woman everywhere but in her studio. “There I’m only myself,” she’d said. Standing in the middle of masterpieces that only Jo had ever seen and touched, I knew what she meant.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the world you live in, one day you will be gone but you must fulfill your mission before departure.
Mary  Stewart, Madam, Will You Talk?|This is how he came out: he floated into the air high above the sleeping forest, his green hat spinning a few feet above his head. In his hand was the open suitcase and out of it spilled a whole sky of stars.
Ivy Baker Priest|When you judge you are limiting yourself, you are limiting your reach.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|If it's ka it'll come like a wind, and your plans will stand before it no more than a barn before a cyclone
Mimi Novic, The Silence Between the Sighs|To see the beautiful and mystical in the other worlds, one first must see the beauty of one's soul
Robert Bruce Stewart, Humbug on the Hudson|A tontine is a kind of primitive insurance fund, combined with a sort of lottery. And while it has many flaws as a financial scheme, as a literary device…
Kristen Ashley, Raid|I love to stalk. I love to stalk you real, real good. I took your name home after our date and we had the best Google session of my life.
Anne McCaffrey, Acorna: The Unicorn Girl|A real scientist solves problems, not wails that they are unsolvable.
Ron Brackin|He tilted the box toward a chipped Pottery Barn blue bowl, and the little blue clumps, like cerulean rat turds, tumbled out, hitting the porcelain with a surprisingly metallic thud. It sounded like pennies dumped into an aluminum trash can.
Steven Magee|With the development of utility electricity for the masses in the 1900's, very few people realize that a new era of sickness and disease was unleashed that are collectively called radiation sickness.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The lower classes of people in Europe may at some future periodbe much better instructed than they are at present; they may be taughtto employ the little spare time they have in many better ways than atthe ale-house; they may live under better and more equal laws than theyhave ever hitherto done, perhaps, in any country; and I even conceive itpossible, though not probable that they may have more leisure; but it isnot in the nature of things that they can be awarded such a quantity ofmoney or subsistence as will allow them all to marry early, in the fullconfidence that they shall be able to provide with ease for a numerousfamily.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings.
G.K. Chesterton|I would look at the first chapter of any new novel as a final test of its merits. If there was a murdered man under the sofa in the first chapter, I read the story. If there was no murdered man under the sofa in the first chapter, I dismissed the story as tea-table twaddle, which it often really was.
Rebekkah Ford, Dark Spirits|If you continue with that train of thought and end it with, I did it because I love you and can’t bear to see you in turmoil, you could sell it to Hallmark, but not to me!
Jill Telford|An educator...a good one that is, inspires others to be even better than herself.
Saul Bellow, Ravelstein|Helen looked up at Paris, her face wet with tears and blotchy with grief, and nodded her consent. 'Together we are chained on rocks before the beast of Poseidon. Naked and bare and helpless.''But we are more fortunate.''How so?' Helen asked.'We have each other as comfort in our misery.
Walter William Safar|A man's heart is small, but it is surrounded by the immensity of its soul. Sometimes our words may appear silent, but they are certainly heading for infinity.
Ryan Galloway, Biome|I don’t have to let anyone use me. I don’t have to bend the truth. Even if I’m not ready to forgive just yet, I don’t have to be tied to my scars, to the people who wounded me, or to the anger and fear that grew out of it. I can be myself and be honest and not be afraid. Not of getting hurt or of hurting others.
Finn Mackay|But why does it matter what we call it, as long as there is concerted action to respond to and prevent such crimes? It matters because if we really want to fix something that is broken, if we want to heal these fractures in our society, then we need to understand their causes. If we do not, then we will forever continue to place giant sticking plasters over the wounds left by this violence, trying to bandage over losses that can never be replaced. As long as this violence continues, it is obviously the case that we do have to address the symptoms, but my argument is that we must also address the causes if we want a long-term reduction or even, perhaps, the eventual eradication of male violence against women.
V. E. Schwab|In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head.
John Pereira|I had made a decision, although I hardly knew it yet. It's often that way with decisions, they're made in some hidden part of us and the awareness secretes itself slowly into that conscious part of us that imagines it decides.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Make your wife happier, children wiser, yourself kinder, and you will make your life better.
Nhat Hanh|We all have a hungry heart, and one of the things we hunger for is happiness. So as much as I possibly could, I stayed where I was happy.
Annabel Pitcher, Ketchup Clouds|Let's pretend for just one moment that could actually happen. You close your eyes and I'll close mine and let's dream the same dream across the Atlantic, lighting up the darkness between us. Can you see it, Stu? Can you see us up there, shining in all the black?
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no limitation to what you can achieve, if you can believe.
John von Neumann|If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.
Rick Warren|Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ is the foundation upon which sincere and meaningful repentance must be built. If we truly seek to put away sin, we must first look to Him who is the Author of our salvation.
Terry Moore|God made man because he loves to hear stories, Alessandro said. That's a good story, huh?
Maurice Blanchot, The Writing of the Disaster|... your grasp, even in fury, would have a charm for me...
Amanda Grange, Henry Tilney's Diary|It is possible to compromise in certain areas when choosing a partner for life, but never on a cravat.
Barry López, About This Life|[Philosophers] have come to envy the philologist and the mathematician, and they have taken over all the inessential elements in those studies—with the result that they know more about devoting care and attention to their speech than about devoting such attention to their lives.
Deyth Banger|The universe is made of stories, not atoms!
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Any individual whose conscience is pure and clear, who can think for himself or herself, is a musalman or muslim, regardless of socio-religious background. Likewise, any human being who loves the neighbor as much as his or her own family is a Christian.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Make your own Miracles, don't wait for miracles to happen; they need a spark of energy to make them real.
S.L. Ellis, Lane Changes|P.I. Cassie Cruise--You don't have to like her, but you damn well better respect her
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Have the capacity to adapt to change, it's your healthy growth, intelligently and emotionally.Our life can be full of extrinsic surprises, your flexibility is a key when you accept changes.
Dr. Christ Asabor|If I am in that position, you will see change because I have experience change as a Christian.
Arthur C. Crandall, New England Joke Lore: The Tonic of Yankee Humor|She gasped again and opened blue eyes lit with erotic mischief. “Are you trying to steal the reins from me?”Even with his penis buried deep within her, even moments from climax, he arched an eyebrow. “You have them only by my permission.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Among all the modes by which love is brought into being, among all the agents which disseminate that blessed bane, there are few so efficacious as this gust of feverish agitation that sweeps over us from time to time. For then the die is cast, the person whose company we enjoy at that moment is the person we shall henceforward love. It is not even necessary for that person to have attracted us, up till then, more than or even as much as others. All that was needed was that our predilection should become exclusive. And that condition is fulfilled when — in this moment of deprivation — the quest for the pleasures we enjoyed in his or her company is suddenly replaced by an anxious, torturing need, whose object is the person alone, an absurd, irrational need which the laws of this world make it impossible to satisfy and difficult to assuage — the insensate, agonising need to possess exclusively.
Baruch Spinoza|The charity that hastens to proclaim its good deeds, ceases to be charity, and is only pride and ostentation.
Bill Watterson|I said you lie, knave!” shouted Beaumains, drawing his sword. “And for telling such craven falsehoods, you must die!”The knight looked plaintively at Roger. “What’s wrong with this fellow?”“He was dropped on his head when he was a baby,” answered Roger.
Chiara Gizzi|I am the master of my own destiny, so I choose greatness and nothing less.
Gillian Anderson|There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings.
Hina Yu|Everything we say and do affects people.It can be either physically or mentally.Words can cut deeper than a knife,and we all know that.We could have experienced it in our lives at least one.It isn't easy, dealing with those type of situation.It isn't easy, trying to heal those wounds.But we make it out of it alive, because we always have these amazing people that are always there for us.An act of kindness and support,is just that powerful.*******************************************************************************Don't pull away from the rest of the world. For those of you that are out there,with no friends,with no one to support you,those who are being neglected.You are never alone.Somewhere on this Earth, there is ALWAYS someone who is there for you.There is always someone that cares about you and feels your pain.There is always someone that will understand your story.Don't be afraid to come out of your shell.Don't be afraid to interact with people.Don't be afraid to be who you are.Dare to dream, Explore, and Love. <3 The outcomes are worth it.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|...and remember my sentimental friend that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|People who sneer at a half a loaf of bread have never been hungry." George Reedy
Arash Tabish|When i see Sun, i think about peace, happiness, hope and a bright future. I like Sun, i like to go out, walk around and see people setting by the cafe or a resturant or a park or somewhere else, drinking and eating whatever they feel like and enjoying their life. I like that very much when i see people are out, happy, Smiling and enjoying. This is how our life mean to be, we need to enjoy every day of our life the most and remember that is what God want for us that we need to enjoy our life, try to be happy and do good things whatever it takes to make others happy too, Let's try not to hurt anyone. Thanks God for whatever you blessed us with.
C.C. Hunter, Taken at Dusk|You breathe too fast to be convincing,' he goaded.'You don't breathe enough to judge me.
David  Brooks, The Road to Character|IF I had only one sermon to preach, it would be a sermon against Pride. The more I see of existence, and especially of modern practical and experimental existence, the more I am convinced of the reality of the old religious thesis; that all evil began with some attempt at superiority; some moment when, as we might say, the very skies were cracked across like a mirror, because there was a sneer in Heaven.
Kate Horsley|Anyone who is ignorant, even a lord and prince, can and should be counted as one of the mob.
Kristen Britain, The High King's Tomb|You're impatient for your life to start lifting you up and making you happier. You have that backwards: if you want a happier life, you have to make it happen. It's not called YOUR life for nothing! - Charmainism
Phil Volatile|And these are the sametype of people who killthe innocent andjustify it by saying“They’ve gone to bewith Jesus now”But we won’t talkabout how theycrucified Him, too
Anne Summers, Damned Whores And God's Police: The Colonization Of Women In Australia|If we constantly rewrite history to fit how we see things now, we forget how things used to be and, equally important to future scholars, how we used to see them.
Emily Dickinson|Impossibility, like wineExhilarates the manWho tastes it; PossibilityIs flavoreless.
Harold Klemp, The Language of Soul: Keys to Living a More Meaningful Life|I truly believe we can either see the connections, celebrate them, and express gratitude for our blessings, or we can see life as a string of coincidences that have no meaning or connection.For me, I’m going to believe in miracles, celebrate life, rejoice in the views of eternity and hope my choices will create a positive ripple effect in the lives of others. This is my choice.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, The Sky Is Not the Limit: Adventures of an Urban Astrophysicist|The whole universe is in darkness, but we remain lit. We're a tiny bird tied to a branch in the dark forest, with a spotlight trained on on us.
Yolanda G. Guerra|Say not the days are evil.Who’s to blame? And fold the hands and say,oh, shame!Stand up! Speak out, and bravely,in God’s name, be strong!
Elliot Kay, Its Your Right To Be Wrong: Overcome your fear of making MISTAKES today|Politicians and others are stuck in a horrible world where being emotional in any way counts as being unbalanced, and unable to think clearly. For me, emotions are thought.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|Well, enough of this introspection. It’s depressing, quite frankly.
Jill Shalvis, Get A Clue|A few moments ago, he'd had her up against a wall, skirt shoved up to her belly button, hands in her panties, his fingers driving her straight to oblivion, and now... now he was this intense, cool, calm, and collected man.	With a gun.	"Breanne. Are you ok?"	She stared at him. He had his shirt loose and draped over the bulge of his gun. He looked rough-and-tumble. Baddass.	Damn it, she had a serious weakness for badass.
Pawan Mehra|Sometimes, the common reason for fights in a strong relationship is only the lack of having attention from the loving one
Diane Ackerman|Who would deduce the dragonfly from the larva, the iris from the bud, the lawyer from the infant? ...We are all shape-shifters and magical reinventors. Life is really a plural noun, a caravan of selves.
Alan W. Watts, The Way of Zen|If I ever met someone without a single shadow on their heart, it was surely a child too young for speaking.
Steve Scalise|If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
Emily Dickinson|The bustle in a houseThe morning after deathIs solemnest of industriesEnacted upon earth,--The sweeping up the heart,And putting love awayWe shall not want to use againUntil eternity
Olivia Wilde|Love of learning led to monasteries, which became the cradle of academic guilds.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|you’re gone andyour unfinished poemlies alone on my desk—empty of tears,I only hope it rains today
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|How then did it work out, this? How did one judge people, think of them? How did one add up this and that and conclude that it was liking one felt, or disliking?
Larry Herzberg, China Survival Guide: How to Avoid Travel Troubles and Mortifying Mishaps|When given the chance to see China off the beaten track, definitely take it.
John Grant|When I began making electronic music, the only thing I was thinking about was creating music that I really liked. I didn't think about what effect it would have; I was busy doing it.
Ralph Ellison|Racism watching is a puzzle solving activity and often involves debunking pseudo-science. The investigator must try to figure out what makes people believe in weird ideas. As Stieg said in an interview, ‘Fifty years later, people still believe in this; the whole Neo-Nazi movement. There is absolutely no sense in this. They do it contrary to everything science tells us. Contrary to human goodness or altruism, contrary to rational thinking. And this is fascinating, why?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|But when people are angry, they tend to say things they do not mean... Anger is a very powerful feeling.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Positive life, positive action.
Erik Pevernagie|Woe betides anyone getting in the way of people that keep on muddying the waters, throwing up smoke screens and clouding issues, so as to conceal their dubious motivations. ("Could the milkman be the devil?")
James     Baldwin, Just Above My Head|Maybe once you've been left by the most important person in your life, you can never be unleft again. Maybe you're destined to be abandoned even by your own guts, maybe your foot walks off with your thighbone, why not, stranger things have happened.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|…one of those dreadful boarding schools. It was down on the South Coast. I think some very unpleasant things happened there…. So many lives were distorted by such cruelty. I know so many men who had to put up with that, so many….
Stieg Larsson|To exact revenge for yourself or your friends is not only a right, it's an absolute duty.
Isaiah Durrin|Falling in love is stupid, and whatsmore a waste of time. It's a thing for love-obsessed psycho's and dreamers. And that's exactly why people fall in it. And I don't blame them.
Leah Thomas|Who'd have thoght I could miss someone I've never actually met? Me. I've thought that. I miss tons of things I've never seen, and now you most of all.
Robert M. Pirsig|Not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, does the enlightened man dislike to wade into its waters.
Stuart Firestein, Ignorance: How it drives science|According to the conclusion of Dr. Hutton, and of many other geologists, our continents are of definite antiquity, they have been peopled we know not how, and mankind are wholly unacquainted with their origin.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|We were the only two people in the entire airport who lost total track of time, for we were consumed by space-time at that present moment. Time was irrelevant to our existence, for we didn’t want to exist outside the tight and glorious knots of each other’s arms. Time is basically an illusion created by the mind to aid in our sense of temporal presence in the vast ocean of space. Without the neurons to create a virtual perception of the past and the future based on all our experiences, there is no actual existence of the past and the future. All that there is, is the present.
Jon Morrison|The truth is that none of us is wise enough to know our best future. We do not have the vision to see around every corner. But God does. He is both wise and eternal. This means he knows what is best and sees everything that is coming... If God is who he says he is, then he has control of all the tomorrows and we need not worry about them one more day.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|I have spent a great deal of my life struggling to keep myself in control. To know myself inside and out, everything In perfect order. I lose that when I'm with you. That frightens me, and it frightens me how much I like it. How tempting it is to lose myself in you. To let it go. To let you save me from breaking chandeliers rather than constantly worrying about it, myself.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|I didn't appreciate the moment as much as I should have while living it, but I can attribute that to my poor emotional state and hindsight.
Hillary Clinton|God forgive you, but I never can.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|James Gordon Bennett said he aimed to be, "serious in my aims but full of frolic in my means.
Lydia Millet, Oh Pure and Radiant Heart|Beyond aspects of pain that are physical, thought Oppenheimer, sickness or injury or privation, beyond the so-called obvious, suffering can be a work of art. It can be made of buried and rising things, helpless and undiscovered, song of frustrated want, silence after desire. It can be the test of the self falling short, constrained, distorted, disturbed or rebuffed, the vacuum left by longing, call without an answer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We like to take credit when we get a new idea, as if we originated the idea in our brain, but what we actually did was no less extraordinary: we channeled the idea.
Alexandra Potter, Love from Paris|Narrow, angular features, pouty lips and hatred-filled pale, washed-out blue irises glared back at him.Caleb flashed the young man a malevolent smirk and readied his blade. “Jude Winslow, I presume.
Alexander Pope|Know thyself, presume not God to scan;The proper study of mankind is man.
Kayt C. Peck|It's easy to look at people and make quick judgements about them, their present and their pasts, but you'd be amazed at the pain and tears a single smile hides. What a person shows to the world is only oneone tiny facet of the iceberg hidden from site. And more often than not, it's lined with cracks and scars that go all the way to the foundation of their soul." ~Acheron 2008
Steven Magee|The rise of Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) in the USA population can be traced back to President Bill Clinton. While memorable for sexual foreplay with Monica Lewinsky, EHS people associate him with the 1996 Telecommunications Act that prohibits the protection of human health and safety from the known biologically toxic effects of wireless radio frequency (RF) radiation.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|So are demons forces that are totally external to us who seek to defy God? Are they just the shadow side of our own souls? Are they social constructions from a premodern era? Bottom line: Who cares? I don’t think demons are something human reason can put its finger on. Or that human faith can resolve. I just know that demons, whether they be addictions or actual evil spirits, are not what Jesus wants for us, since basically every time he encounters them he tells them to piss off.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Hooking both thumbs into my waistband, I rocked my hips from side to side, and slid the dress pants down my thighs. As gravity took over, pooling the fabric at my ankles, I heard her say, “Sexy.” Bullshit. “Just so you know, I feel like an idiot.” “Just so you know, you’re melting my panties.” With a sarcastic snort, I grabbed a knee to pull my leg free. “Are you even wearing panties?” Chances were slim.
Abhijit Naskar|Like many parents in middle age, he's quick to spot changes in the world, slow to note shifts in his own perspective.
Joseph Smith Jr., The Book of Mormon: Another Testament of Jesus Christ|The heart that gives thanks is a happy one, for we cannot feel thankful and unhappy at the same time.The more we say thanks, the more we find to be thankful for.And the more we find to be thankful for, the happier we become.We don't give thanks because we're happy.We are happy because we give thanks.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Do I have to get diapers?” he asked.“Why, did Kade shit himself?” she laughed.Dylan huffed loudly.  Eyebrows knitted together, “DO I NEED TO GET BOTTLES?”Jen rolled her eyes and shook her head as if he were crazy, “Don’t you think it’s too early to start drinking?  You just got up…”“IS THERE ANYTHING IN YOUR OVEN?”“I’M NOT BAKING ANYTHING, YOU MORON! WHY ARE YOU YELLING AT ME?”My God, you have surrounded me with idiots.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|If the sun rolled back like an eye,it would see the mind of God.
Tony Dungy|I love coaching football, and winning a Super Bowl was a goal I’ve had for a long time. But it has never been my purpose in life. My purpose in life is simply to glorify God. We have to be careful that we don’t let the pursuit of our life’s goals, no matter how important they seem, cause us to lose sight of our purpose. I coach football. But the good I can do to glorify God along the way is my real purpose.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|Christianity teaches righteousness, not rights. It emphasizes honor, not equality. A Christian's concern is what is owed to the other, not what is owed to himself.
Albert Schweitzer|As a young boy, I was obsessed with endangered species and the extinct species that men killed off. Biology was the subject in school that I was incredibly passionate about.
John Stoker, Overcoming Fake Talk: How to Hold Real Conversations That Create Respect, Build Relationships, and Get Results|The weird thing is that the more efficient, on task, on goal you are with your time, the more energy you have. Working with no traction, or for that matter simply wasting a day, does not relax you, it drains you.//Strange as it may seem, when you work a daily plan in pursuit of your written goals that flow from your mission statement born of your vision for living your dreams, you are energized after a tough long day.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without books, the world will be void.
Richard Powers, Orfeo|Sooner or later, all men will do and know all things.
AnkitMishra|There is one truth that we all are born with, The Death. In between the birth and the death, we are given an opportunity to seek the source of the ultimate truth. But the distractions and our ego often limits our existence to our shape and intellect, which grows with time but just like desires to live more.
Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri, Fatwa on Terrorism and Suicide Bombings|A snipit from my PR people:“A British author has revealed how he risked his life to infiltrate the Taliban while researching his new book on religious terrorism. Cal Sawar came face-to-face with Al-Qaeda chiefs in Pakistan while posing as a terrorist sympathiser. “The author, from Falkirk, Scotland, daringly managed to infiltrate the terrorist group — responsible for the deaths of countless Muslims and non-Muslims — by offering to help bankroll terrorist attacks on the UK.
George Matthew Adams|We are never doing anyone any favors by withholding our gifts from the world. It's scary to be fierce, but you can't compromise that for fear of losing those around you.
Cornell Woolrich, Angels of Darkness|...one half leaning in, one half pulling away.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|When you know who matters most to you, giving things up, even yourself, doesn’t really feel like a sacrifice.
Cassie Mae, No Interest in Love|Either I'm yours, and you're mine, or we're nothing.""What?" She blinks her confusion."I said," drawing out the word and giving her a few seconds to ge accustomed to our new reality. "Either I'm yours and you're mine, or we're nothing. I don't want to be your friend. I want to be... yours.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|The future is greatly different than your life now, the actions that you take must also be greatly different. You cannot do the same thing and get something different.
Jael McHenry, The Kitchen Daughter|I will take a new approach to death, because what is important about death is not the dead. It’s the living. Those of us left behind.
Laura Lee Gulledge, Page by Paige|I wouldn't say I'm happy, but I look at things in a soft way. I try to convey more personal interaction, rather than huge injustices.
Mark A. Rayner, The Fridgularity|If you want meaning for your brand or company, dare to embrace conflict
Priyanka Naik, Twists Of Fate|When having that one person in my life and him going away, becomes the difference between life and death, I'll know I am in love.
Joris-Karl Huysmans, En Route|Every one has a sum of physical and moral suffering to pay, and whoever does not settle it here below, defrays it after death; happiness is only lent, and must be repaid; its very phantoms are like duties paid in advance on a future succession of sorrows.
Madeleine Urban|Want a little cheese with that whine, maestro?
Nadia Comaneci|My mom, Nellie, got me a rosary at church. I don't use it to pray before a competition. I'll just pray normally to myself, but I have it there in case.
Ivan Pavlov|Sadly, embryonic stem cell research is completely legal in this country and has been going on at universities and research facilities for years.
Conrad Williams, Best New Horror 23|Some people were born to the shape they would occupy all their lives.("Wait")
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|Different sorts of survival machine appear very varied on the outside and in their internal organs. An octopus is nothing like a mouse, and both are quite different from an oak tree. Yet in their fundamental chemistry they are rather uniform, and, in particular, the replicators that they bear, the genes, are basically the same kind of molecule in all of us—from bacteria to elephants. We are all survival machines for the same kind of replicator—molecules called DNA— but there are many different ways of making a living in the world, and the replicators have built a vast range of machines to exploit them. A monkey is a machine that preserves genes up trees, a fish is a machine that preserves genes in the water; there is even a small worm that preserves genes in German beer mats. DNA works in mysterious ways.
James Henry Breasted, The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus, Vol 1: Hieroglyphic Transliteration, Translation and Commentary|If we increase r [in a logistic map] even more, we will eventually force the system into a period-8 limit cycle, then a period-16 cycle, and so on. The amount that we have to increase r to get another period doubling gets smaller and smaller for each new bifurcation. This cascade of period doublings is reminiscent of the race between Achilles and the tortoise, in that an infinite number of bifurcations (or time steps in the race) can be confined to a local region of finite size. At a very special critical value, the dynamical system will fall into what is essentially an infinite-period limit cycle. This is chaos.
Marco Rubio|All wars are follies, very expensive and very mischievous ones.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|[B]ecause the minimum costs of being an organization in the first place are relatively high, certain activities may have some value but not enough to make them worth pursuing in any organized way. New social tools are altering this equation by lowering the costs of coordinating group action.
Steven Magee|An open flask of industrial liquid gas that is venting into the indoor environment should be thought of as the same as a smoldering fire, as they both create a dangerous oxygen deficient environment for the human.
Mickey Spillane, Kiss Her Goodbye: An Otto Penzler Book|It was generally agreed that a coffin-size studio on Avenue D was preferable to living in one of the boroughs. Moving from one Brooklyn or Staten Island neighborhood to another was fine, but unless you had children to think about, even the homeless saw it as a step down to leave Manhattan. Customers quitting the island for Astoria or Cobble Hill would claim to welcome the change of pace, saying it would be nice to finally have a garden or live a little closer to the airport. They’d put a good face one it, but one could always detect an underlying sense of defeat. The apartments might be bigger and cheaper in other places, but one could never count on their old circle of friend making the long trip to attend a birthday party. Even Washington Heights was considered a stretch. People referred to it as Upstate New York, though it was right there in Manhattan.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|As a general rule, Providence seldom vouchsafes to mortals any more than just that degree of encouragement which suffices to keep them at a reasonably full exertion of their powers.
Albert Einstein|It is, in fact, nothing short of a miracle that the modern methods of instruction have not yet entirely strangled the holy curiosity of inquiry; for this delicate little plant, aside from stimulation, stands mainly in need of freedom. Without this it goes to wrack and ruin without fail.
Eknath Easwaran, The End of Sorrow|When Nureyev appeared in San Francisco not long ago there were quite a few ballet fans who flew all the way from New York to see him. The mystics would point out how fruitless it is to go to see important people when our first priority is to see ourselves. We think we know Tom, Dick and Harry, but we really know everyone, including ourselves, only on the surface level. If we could see our real Self coming down the street, we would wonder who this beautiful, radiant, magnificent creature could be. We would not be able to take our eyes off him.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|They all have tired mouthsand bright seamless souls.And a longing (as for sin)sometimes haunts their dreams.They are almost all alike; in God's gardens they keep still,like many, many intervalsin his might and melody.Only when they spread their wingsare they wakers of a wind:as if God with his broad sculptor-hands leafed through the pagesin the dark book of the beginning.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|The stars twinkled high above and reflected onto the cold window. I blew on the frosty glass and watched my breath fog up. I traced my initials across the cold glass, the condensation trickling down the pane.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|You do what you love, what you need.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Reason is not some external power which dictates how we should behave, but an internal power, integral to who we are ... Reason does not command that we love anyone. Nonetheless, reason is vital in determining whom we love and why we love them.
Edgardo Osorio|Being inspired is one thing, but completely knocking off a design is another. There is a big difference.
John Steinbeck|Writers see the world differently. Every voice we hear, every face we see, every hand we touch could become story fabric.
Sunday Adelaja|The greatest gifts are those that say, “I know you”.
Johannes Mario Simmel|Das Glück ist nicht in den Dingen, die wir besitzen, sondern in den Dingen, die zu besitzen wir glauben.
Maria V. Snyder, Ice Study|In strict medical terms marijuana is far safer than many foods we commonly consume. For example, eating 10 raw potatoes can result in a toxic response. By comparison, it is physically impossible to eat enough marijuana to induce death. Marijuana in its natural form is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man. By any measure of rational analysis marijuana can be safely used within the supervised routine of medical care.[DEA Administrative Law Judge - 1988]
Nikki Rowe|Game or no, she would someday die, as all living beings did. But that wasn't the tragedy. Nor was there tragedy in being a pawn. All souls are, if not of eternal beings, then as pawns of their own bodies. The game, whatever shape it takes, lasts only as long as the body holds out. The tragedy, every time, is choosing something other than love.
Robert Browning, Poetical Works|The power of the night, the press of the storm, the post of the foe; where he stands, the Arch Fear in a visible form, yet, the strong man must go.
Mehmet Murat ildan|People die from checkmate..., they run and run they are always the figure king, they run and run one of their paths once it's blocked they run and run keep it again a path is blocked they run in this place again and again.... with the time the path goes small and small one moment you have one path and then a other figure comes and it has been blocked by it... so you are killed by this you can't protect yourself. It's the best attack ever made, it's called checkmate!
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|As you play this record, I hope you'll think of the good, not the bad. Of what was, not what wasn't meant to be. Of the time we spent together, not the time we've spent apart. Most of all I hop you'll think of me...
Dan Wells, Mr. Monster|It doesn't make you a monster to want, she said, her voice very gentle. It's what you do with it that matters.
Jean Chatzky|To look out of a car in Scania, you see a painting on the horizontal - one windmill, one tiny farmhouse, acres of beet or grass.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|The purr is very important. It's the purr that does it every time. It's the purr that makes up for the Things Under the Bed, the occasional pungency, the 4 a.m. yowl. Other creatures went in for big teeth, long legs or over-active brains, while cats just settled for a noise that tells the world they're feeling happy.
Marie Lu|Many Japanese painters and calligraphers would change their names intentionally to keep their relationship to the art always fresh. This way, others' expectations can be avoided.
John Green|Yet ruled he not long, so great had been his suffering, and so bitter the fire of his testing, for after the space of three years he died. And he who came after him ruled evilly.
Tacitus|This ultimate fighting stuff is something I don't agree with. Once a man is down, you have to let him have a chance to prove how good he is.
Giacomo Casanova|My mum is a bit unconventional; she's outdoorsy and has more of an emotional intelligence, whereas my dad is pragmatic; he's a businessman.
Jonathan Friesen, Aquifer|To react, is to be A slave to someone else's actions. Sometimes, A warrior is faced with the decision to strike pre-emptively, trusting his intuition, wisdom and years of training
David Baldacci, The Collectors|She glanced around at the tombstones. “You’re surrounded by death here. Way too depressing. You really might want to think about getting another job.”“You see death and sadness in these sunken patches of dirt, I see lives lived fully and the good deeds of past generations influencing the future ones.
Debasish Mridha|Be so strong that no one can ignore you. By blaming others you never win, but you do lose to your conscience again and again.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Not everyone born free and equal, but everyone made equal. Each man the image of every other; then all are happy, for there are no mountains to make them cower, to judge themselves against. So! A book is a loaded gun in the house next door. Burn it. Take the shot from the weapon. Breach man's mind. Who knows who might be the target of the well-read man. Me? I won't stomach them for a minute.
Udai Yadla|When it's possible for you to dream, it's not impossible to achieve.
Anthony T. Hincks|I may be naked, but my thoughts are still hidden.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|Thus it is written that the messiah would suffer and rise again on the third day," Jesus instructs his disciples (Luke 24:44–46). Except that nowhere is any such thing written: not in the Law of Moses, not in the prophets, not in the Psalms. In the entire history of Jewish thought there is not a single line of scripture that says the messiah is to suffer, die, and rise again on the third day, which may explain why Jesus does not bother to cite any scripture to back up his incredible claim.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|She had heard it said that, before you could understand anybody, you needed to walk a mile in their shoes, which did not make a whole lot of sense, because probably AFTER you had walked a mile in their shoes, you would understand that they were chasing you and accusing you of the theft of a pair of shoes--although, of course, you could probably outrun them, owing to their lack of footwear.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Are you disappointed with society? If you are,I challenge you to take the first step. I challenge you to look at yourself.
Howard Behar, It's Not About the Coffee: Leadership Principles from a Life at Starbucks|I am willing to take life as a game of chess in which the first rules are not open to discussion. No one asks why the knight is allowed his eccentric hop, why the castle may only go straight and the bishop obliquely. These things are to be accepted, and with these rule the game must be played: it is foolish to complain of them.
Sally Gardner, Maggot Moon|He says nothing but I know he is listening. Words are the only medicine I have.‘You make sense of a world that is senseless. You gave me space boots so that I could walk on other planets. Without you, I’m lost. There’s no left, no right. No tomorrow, only miles of yesterdays. It doesn’t matter what happens now because I’ve found you. That’s why I’m here. Because of you. You who I love. My best friend. My brother.
Arundhati Roy|Fiction and non-fiction are only different techniques of story telling. For reasons I do not fully understand, fiction dances out of me. Non-fiction is wrenched out by the aching, broken world I wake up to every morning.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield|Everything we say signifies; everything counts, that we put out into the world. It impacts on kids, it impacts on the zeitgeist of the time.
Norman MacCaig|I went to a Catholic high school and it seemed like every time I drew something for a class project, it either got thrown away by the teacher or something.
James     Martin, The Jesuit Guide to Almost Everything|Learning about Poverty’. ‘Two young American Jesuits showed up at the Jesuit headquarters in Rome. Father Arrupe asked what assignment had brought them there. They explained that they were on their way to India to work with the poor, as part of their training. Afterward Arrupe said to an assistant, ‘it certainly costs us a lot of money to teach our men about poverty’.
Jessica Khoury, Vitro|She was a blank, a wordless being. She was a hole in the universe.
Matthew McConaughey|I try to be cool with everybody, but sometimes, everybody just has different personalities, motives, and different characters.
Mother Jones|There couldn't be better parents than mine, loving yet strict. They disciplined with love. A child without discipline is, in away, a lost child. You cannot have freedom without discipline.
Matthew Dicks, Memoirs of an Imaginary Friend|When the sounds of the world around you vanish, what is left but screaming silence.
E.F. Schumacherm|I find a certain comfort," confesses Marinus, "in humanity's helplessness.
Sherwood Anderson, A Story Teller's Story|Make me lose control of myself,"do you really know yourself?what is happening to you?
Peyton Reed|I take mentoring very seriously and I am on the board of an organization called Girls Write Now, where we match teen girls and writing mentors because it changes their lives.
Hubert Martin|Inside, my soul is curled tightly bearing the burden of massive sins from another life. And my eyes look far at the hell around me... a sharp grin tugs at the corner of my lips.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Thoughts are like burning stars, and ideas, they flood, they stretch the universe.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Maybe death is the great equalizer, the one big thing that can finally make strangers shed a tear for one another.
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|She said, 'People are like stars, but it's stories that turn us into constellations. If we don't tell our stories, we burn alone in the dark.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|When a husband stops paying attention to the garden, he's thinking of pulling up roots.
Will Durant|The past is not dead. Indeed, it is often not even past.
Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom|When you come to see you are not as wise today as you thought you were yesterday, you are wiser today.
Rachael Ray|First and foremost, the monk should own nothing in this world, but he should have as his possessions solitude of the body, modesty of bearing, a modulated tone of voice, and a well-ordered manner of speech. He should be without anxiety as to his food and drink, and should eat in silence.
Amanda  Carlson, Pure Blooded|What's more powerful than a priestess?" I didn't really want to know, did I?"A bokor."The name rang a few tiny bells inside my head, but not enough to put it together on my own. "Explain.""In a nutshell, they're the equivalent of a sorceress, and they deal primarily with the dead.
Trey Songz|The earth has grown old with its burden of care, but at Christmas it always is young, the heart of the jewel burns lustrous and fair, and its soul full of music breaks the air, when the song of angels is sung.
Tui T. Sutherland|Listen" Darkstalker said, "I could see the future, but not just any future- all the possible futures. Do you understand what that means? I could have guided the tribe along the best path, to safety and glory and power and everything else. At each crossroad, I would have known the right thing to do. I loved my tribe Moonwatcher. i would have been the best ruler they'd ever had. I know it; I saw the futures where I was king, benevolent and beloved, married to Clearsight with six little dragonets of our own. Those were possible. They could have happened, if anyone had faith in me.
Nick Shamhart|Any coward can instill fear. It's easy to scare people, but having the strength to make them feel safe? Now that's power.
Buzz Aldrin|To move forward, what's required is a unified space agenda based on exploration, science, development, commerce, and security.
H.G. Wells|A certain beauty in the world is no mark of God's favor, said Mr. Huss. There is no beauty one may not balance by an equal ugliness. The warthog and the hyena, the tapeworm and the stinkhorn, are equally God's creations. Nothing you have said points to anything but a cold indifference towards us of this order in which we live. Beauty happens; it is not given. Pain, suffering, happiness; there is no heed. Only in the heart of man burns the fire of righteousness.
Gay Hendricks, Five Wishes: How Answering One Simple Question Can Make Your Dreams Come True|Wherever your path takes you, may all your deathbed wishes come true, and may you celebrate each and every one of them many long years before your final breath.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I went away in my head, into a book. That was where I went whenever real life was too hard or too inflexible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|True repentence is to depart from evil. A return to God, seeking his grace for power to obey him.
David Cassidy|My father, a refugee from Eastern Europe, was preparing a fraudulent marriage to an American citizen as a route to this country when he was sponsored, making fraud unnecessary. My wife's grandfather bought papers from another Chinese villager to be able to come to the United States.
Amit Kalantri|First rate magician perform first rate magic effects, second rate magician performs third rate magic effects.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|It's going to take all of us, gathering our voices and acting together. Saying,"Not on our watch" to create a future for humans, animals and the environment.
Shirley Chisholm|In football, as in politics, resilience pays off.
Sol Stein, How to Grow a Novel: The Most Common Mistakes Writers Make and How to Overcome Them|I believe language is infinitely malleable, a live being in our hands, which deserves our great respect and curiosity
Kim Dong Hwa|Growth is life, and life is for ever destined to make for light.
Dhyana Stanley, The Human Experience Is the Dance of Heaven and Earth: A Call Home to Peace|To really be free of fear involves being free of the feeling of any personal responsibility of ownership for everything - even of our body. If we feel that we are a separate individual who personally owns or possesses even just a body, fear will hound us.What we feel we own is felt to be personal and what is felt to be personal is felt to be separate from others and life, and then fear seems warranted.But when nothing is experienced as personal then nothing is felt to be separate and fear falls away.So regardless of how much money, if any, we have in the bank and how many material possessions we own, each of us is invited to the deeper surrender of ‘owning without owning’.
Linda Olsson, Astrid and Veronika|I have stopped painting. I stand in front of the easel, brush in hand, but my mind is blank. It is as if I have been struck by a strange kind of blindness.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|. . . you worked for Harry King, they said, because a broken leg was bad for business, and Harry King was all about business.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|We resonate with one another’s sorrows because we are interconnected. Being whole and simultaneously part of a larger whole, we can change the world simply by changing ourselves. If I become a center of love and kindness in this moment, then in a perhaps small but hardly insignificant way, the world now has a nucleus of love and kindness it lacked the moment before. This benefits me and it benefits others.
David  Brooks, The Social Animal: The Hidden Sources of Love, Character, and Achievement|If there is one thing developmental psychologists have learned over the years, it is that parents don’t have to be brilliant psychologists to succeed. They don’t have to be supremely gifted teachers. Most of the stuff parents do with flashcards and special drills and tutorials to hone their kids into perfect achievement machines don’t have any effect at all. Instead, parents just have to be good enough. They have to provide their kids with stable and predictable rhythms. They need to be able to fall in tune with their kids’ needs, combining warmth and discipline. They need to establish the secure emotional bonds that kids can fall back upon in the face of stress. They need to be there to provide living examples of how to cope with the problems of the world so that their children can develop unconscious models in their heads.
Robert J. Sawyer|You can't be afraid of the problem. Don't be afraid of failure; don't be afraid to make mistakes. Make sure you learn from each step; iterate, and stay as efficient as possible without being paralyzed by a difficult situation.
Nancy L. Kriseman, The Mindful Caregiver: Finding Ease in the Caregiving Journey|The important thing in our understanding is to have a smooth, free-thinking way of observation. We have to think and to observe things without stagnation. We should accept things as they are without difficulty. Ou mind should be soft and open enough to understand things as they are. When our thinking is soft, it is called imperturbable thinking. This kind of thinking is always stable. It is called mindfulness.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|In a world where women are commodities, a woman who refuses to sell herself will have the thing she refuses to sell taken away from her by force
Harry S Truman|The problem is not that people are taxed too little, the problem is that government spends too much.
Lisa Schroeder, Chasing Brooklyn|Every time, he breaks your hearts. And every time, he expects me to pick up the pieces.
Deyth Banger|How do is start the process call "JerkOff"? - Pretty interesting question, I just found how it starts. It comes in your mind dirty stuff, like woman sucks a cock, woman sucks a dick => (then auto it starts), animal porn, woman sucks horse dick, woman sucks giraffe dick... okay I little far went as I can this probably doesn't exist I haven't saw, but watching how man sucks a dick one moment comes when you want to watch lesbians don't you... want???From there is possibility Shemale to be in an lesbian? Is there???Or she doesn't have any sex???In case she looks like a woman and have a dick, woman = woman, dick = man. Pretty interesting!...So let's go back, probably you have chance to see in school some kind a porn, some kind a kisses, which go far and far. But from there you see the boobs, then the feet from boobs it comes in your mind dick between the boobs, for feet comes feetjob. Then blowjob and so on and so on. But stop for a moment!You really don't need jerkoff it ruins everything, think clear if you want read this as much times as possible...
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|Turgenev was a very serious fellow but he could make me laugh because a truth first encountered can be very funny. When someone else's truth is the same as your truth, and he seems to be saying it just for you, that's great.
Akshay Vasu|We often try to see the reflections of the people who left us, in the people who come to stay with us. And in the course of doing so, we often try to change them to someone who they are not. And we often end up turning them into the pieces of same shattered mirror that used to hurt us before they came.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|We have already examined one of the objections that have been brought against the Quantity Theory; the objection that it only holds good ceteris paribus. No more tenable as an objection against the determinateness of our conclusions is reference to the possibility that an additional quantity of money may be hoarded. This argument has played a prominent role in the history of monetary theory; it was one of the sharpest weapons in the armoury of the opponents of the Quantity Theory. Among the arguments of the opponents of the Currency Theory it immediately follows the proposition relating to the elasticity of cash-economizing methods of payment, to which it also bears a close relation as far as its content is concerned.
Linda Lesniewski, Women at the Cross: Experiencing the Wonder and Mystery of Christ's Love|Imagine every hideous and vile deed committed from the beginning of time until Christ’s future return—heaped upon the pure and perfect Son of God. Bearing the sin of many, he drank the very cup of wrath he prayed would be taken from him. No other pain can compare to Christ’s separation from his Father.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you yearn to learn, you’ll learn to earn.
