Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It does not matter how long it takes to reach the goal. With persistent focus, commitment and enthusiasm, you will make it a reality.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|Most kids grow sullen and angry when they’re working through issues, but Thanet mustered up another kind of bull-headed strength. The kind that sees beyond circumstances to what really matters. How could anyone hurt a soul that lovely?
Hermann Hesse, Klingsors letzter Sommer|Sometimes the best goal you can set is just to get out of bed every day. If you can succeed at this, then other things become possible.
Jonathan Swift|There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life.
Eugene Utley|Wisdom warns against desire, but there is power in wanting, power that can fuel the will and keep lit that precious torch, hope.
Nadine Labaki|Under the ominous shadow which the second World War and its attendant circumstances have cast on the world, peace has become as essential to civilized existence as the air we breathe is to life itself.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|We don’t smile, but we something. We something. It hurts, the way a deep connection to someone who isn’t yours sometimes does.
Becca Ritchie & Kristia Ritchie, Long Way Down|She blames herself. I hurt from knowing that I hurt her. Even when we know all of these other people are to blame. My friends. The media. Not her. Not me.I can’t help myself. I continue the cycle and I say, “I don’t want to hurt you.”Lily is quiet for a moment before she says, “I’m tougher than you think. You just need to believe in me. You know, like a fairy.”I do believe in fairies. I do. I do. The jubilant chorus from Peter Pan fills my ears.I look up at her, tears in both our eyes. Is that how we end this? I trust that I can share my grief with her and that she won’t crumble beneath the pain?She nods to me like go on. I can handle it.
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|She told me later that her parents had told her to steer clear of me at school. "My mum said that nobody really knew where you came from. And that you might be dangerous." "Why didn't you listen to her?" I asked. "Because nobody knew where you came from, Simon! And you might be dangerous!" "You have the worst survival instincts." "Also, I felt sorry for you," she said. "You were holding your wand backwards.
Jerry Greenfield|I'm afraid I talk a lot, too much, perhaps. I should have been a lawyer or a college professor or a windy politician, though I'm glad I am not any of these.
E.D. Hirsch Jr., Cultural Literacy: What Every American Needs to Know|Differences in reading ability between five-year olds and eight-year olds are caused primarily by the older children's possessing more knowledge, not by the differences in their memory capacities, reasoning abilities, or control of eye movements.
Guy de Maupassant, A Day in the Country and Other Stories|Madame Chantal―a large woman whose ideas always strike me as being square-shaped, like stones dressed by a mason―was in the habit of concluding any political discussion with the remark: 'As ye sow, so shall ye reap'. Why have I always imagined that Madame Chantal's ideas are square? I've no idea, but everything she says goes into that shape in my mind: a block―a large one―with four symmetrical angles.
James Oroc, Tryptamine Palace: 5-MeO-DMT and the Sonoran Desert Toad|The collective unconscious, the same as other transpersonal phenomena, is evidence that our mind is not an isolated entity but is constantly in touch with other minds as well as with the world around us. We are never entirely detached from the outside world; never entirely enclosed within our skin. Our mind and our body resonate with our environment, including other people in our environment. Our mind is coherent with the world, and when we do not repress the intuitions that link us with other people and with nature, we can become aware of our oneness with the universe.
Rizki De, Endless Winter in Korea|When I'm depressed I'll lie to myself to make me feel better. But really, it's ok, because depression only sometimes gets the best of me.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Ironically, many of the institutions that run the economy, such as medicine, education, law and even psychology are largely dependent upon failing health. If you add up the amounts of money exchanged in the control, anticipation and reaction to failing health (insurance, pharmaceutical research and products, reactive or compensatory medicine, related legal issues, consultation and therapy for those who are unwilling to improve their physical health and claim or believe the problem is elsewhere, etc.), you end up with an enormous chunk. To keep that moving, we need people to be sick. Then we have the extreme social emphasis placed on the pursuit and maintenance of a lifestyle based on making money at any cost, often at the sacrifice of health, sanity and well-being.
Kresley Cole, Kiss of a Demon King|Holly's forgiven you?" "Almost mostly. But she still gives me slack about it when she's sick. I take it as a husbandly badge," he said, puffing out his chest. "Sick? You told me she was fully immortal." "Yeah, but she still throws up some, because, well, the thing of it is... Ah, fuck, Rydstrom, I knocked her up." "You're going to be a father?" Gods help the world. I'm going to be an uncle? "I got Holly, like, on the first shot. Nix is calling me Bull's-eye and the Womb Raider.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|A farmer is helpless to grow grain; all he can do is provide the right conditions for the growing of grain. He cultivates the ground, he plants the seed, he waters the plants, and then the natural forces of the earth take over and up comes the grain...This is the way it is with the Spiritual Disciplines - they are a way of sowing to the Spirit... By themselves the Spiritual Disciplines can do nothing; they can only get us to the place where something can be done.
Pat Buchanan|When the happy era shall arrive for the emancipation of nations, hastened on as it will be by the example of America, shall they not resort to the Declaration of our Independence as the charter of their rights, and will not its author be hailed as the benefactor of the redeemed?
Sunday Adelaja|Everything on this earth belongs to God and therefore the more your dedication draws you closer to him, the more you will draw closer to what God owns
Robert Baden-Powell|If you're thinking of coming to America, this is what it's like: you've got your Comfort Inn, you've got your Best Western, and you've got your Red Lobster where you eat. Everybody's very fat, everybody's very stupid and everybody's very rude - it's not a holiday programme, it's the truth.
Shashank Rayal|When you are Happy with Someone,You never cares about those, who are Unhappy without you.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|A family in my sister's neighborhood was recently stricken with a double tragedy, when both the young mother and her three-year-old son were diagnosed with cancer. When Catherine told me about this, I could only say, shocked, "Dear God, that family needs grace." She replied firmly, "That family needs casseroles," and proceeded to organize the entire neighborhood into bringing that family dinner, in shifts, every single night, for an entire year. I do not know if my sister fully recognizes that this IS grace.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|A fight like this was stunning, revealing not just how much he was on the lookout for enemies, but how she too was unable to abandon argument which escalated into rage. Neither of them would back off, they held bitterly to principles.Can't you tolerate people being different, why is this so important?If this isn't important, nothing is.The air seemed to grow thick with loathing. All over a matter that could never be resolved. They went to bed speechless, parted speechless the next morning, and during the day were overtaken by fear - hers that he would never come home, his that when he did she would not be there. Their luck held, however. They came together in the late afternoon pale with contrition, shaking with love, like people who had narrowly escaped an earthquake and had been walking around in naked desolation.
Cendrine Marrouat, The Little Big eBook on Social Media Audiences: Build Yours, Keep It, and Win|People do not want more noise in their social media streams. They want entertainment, uplifting conversations, and products that last. Most importantly, they want to be taken seriously.
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|When I came to this city, I would have agreed with anyone who said there was little mystery left in the world. But in you, madam, first in your image, then in your living self, I saw the allure of something far away and as secret as the stars. As I reached towards this unknown, I began to feel like a man who has ridden through a vast desert, never knowing anything but the sand around him and the dry road under him, then comes upon the mirage of a garden and a city, and finds that the mirage is real, and that it is bigger than the desert; that the desert was, after all his walking, only a small part of the mirage”“Then you felt love, which is the state of feeling desire and the fulfillment of desire at the same time,” she said.
Ufuoma Apoki|And then I realized that the close people to my heart, are actually the ones who hurt me the most.
Jag Randhawa, The Bright Idea Box: A Proven System to Drive Employee Engagement and Innovation|Marriage doesn't put an end to one's ability to serve God and bring him glory. In fact, I've seen many married couples who have done more for God together than was possible as individuals.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|Biti dobro upućen u stvari znači lišiti druge mogućnosti da udovolje svojoj taštini, što će pametan čovek uvek nastojati da izbegne.
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|His anger was still there, and he used it to break into her. He liked the way her eyes widened in alarm, as if he was forcing a lock, as if he was breaking and entering. It was the first time he'd ever slept with a woman and it felt like burglary.
Nancy Humphries|PALATABLE CRITICISM: In a performance review, don't offer more than three criticisms. That's all an employee can digest.
Ha Jin|I work hard, I work very hard. All the books at least 30 revisions.
Katie MacAlister, A Girl's Guide to Vampires|... you've experienced the single scene out there - it's blood test and background checks and references and 'Please pee in this cup before we can go on a date' screenings, all clinical and stripped bare of any romance.
Bada Aderibigbe rasak|Education is the freedom of wisdom , knowledge and understanding. But been educated does not guarantee success in life, but it's the key to everlasting life.
Mamur Mustapha|A religion deeply rooted in theology, is never above skepticism hinged upon the twin pillars; of reason & facts.
Pablo|No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. Here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages1) Helen Keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. But that didn’t stop her. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree.2) Mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5.3) Shirley Temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “Bright Eyes.”4) Anne Frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of Anne Frank.5) Magnus Carlsen became a chess Grandmaster at the age of 13.6) Nadia Comăneci was a gymnast from Romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the Olympics at age 14.7) Tenzin Gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama in November 1950, at the age of 15.8) Pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with Brazil.9) Elvis was a superstar by age 19.10) John Lennon was 20 years and Paul Mcartney was 18 when the Beatles had their first concert in 1961.11) Jesse Owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in Berlin 1936.12) Beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 2313) Issac Newton wrote Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica at age 2414) Roger Bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record15) Albert Einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity16) Lance E. Armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de France 17) Michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “David” and “Pieta” by age 2818) Alexander the Great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world19) J.K. Rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of Harry Potter20) Amelia Earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean21) Oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind22) Edmund Hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach Mount Everest23) Martin Luther King Jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “I Have a Dream."24) Marie Curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics 25) The Wright brothers, Orville (32) and Wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight26) Vincent Van Gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions.27) Neil Armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon.28) Mark Twain was 40 when he wrote "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", and 49 years old when he wrote "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"29) Christopher Columbus was 41 when he discovered the Americas30) Rosa Parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger31) John F. Kennedy was 43 years old when he became President of the United States32) Henry Ford Was 45 when the Ford T came out.33) Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games"34) Charles Darwin was 50 years old when his book On the Origin of Species came out.35) Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa.36) Abraham Lincoln was 52 when he became president.37) Ray Kroc Was 53 when he bought the McDonalds Franchise and took it to unprecedented levels.38) Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat".40) Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III was 57 years old when he successfully ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in 2009. All of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived41) Colonel Harland Sanders was 61 when he started the KFC Franchise42) J.R.R Tolkien was 62 when the Lord of the Ring books came out43) Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US44) Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats45) Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became President
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Sower|Anyone who has ever watched children amuse themselves will recognize that the scientific and technological face of civilization is precisely the result of play in its purest form. Just as children are constantly exploring, experimenting, testing and trying things out, for no conscious purpose except the sheer enjoyment of the game itself, so pure science and applied technology play with ideas and toy with the principles and substance of the world; all the time wondering ‘just suppose…’ and asking ‘what happens if…?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|What is needed is not that a religion be true, meaning that what it claims exist beyond the ink it is written with in a holy book. That is hard to prove. What is important is that a religion be a good system to help us mere mortal deal with our short and troubled life in the universe. Whether what we hope for in the afterlife materializes or not is not important, what is important is that we believe it will materialize and that gives us hope.
Katherine McIntyre, Hunting for Spring|They dabbled in dark magic like finger painters in first grade art class, and then most of them were either killed by their creations or ran the other way from the nightmares they unleashed.
Celia McMahon, Skye|The night was as dark by this time as it would be until morning; and what light we had, seemed to come from the river than the sky, as the oars in their dipping struck at a few reflected stars.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|I'm not ugly but I'm not pretty either. Everything is in-between. I have eyes that aren't green or brown, but a muddle. I'm not thin but I'm not fat either. the only thing you could definitely say about me is that: I'm short
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|Nature had been busy designing him, as she had been busy with all normal men, for the purpose of loving. She had spent ten thousand centuries — ay, a hundred thousand and a million centuries — upon the task, and he was the best she could do.
William O. Douglas|If the clicker became useless in grown men's hands, no games to watch, no highlights shown, ESPN left with only test patterns and re-runs of Rudy, wouldn't the indignation level be a whole lot higher? If sports, all sports, all levels, were shut down, wouldn't the big clock be ticking a lot louder? Wouldn't John Boehner be calling the President and vice versa? Wouldn't Ted Cruz have to shut up in a hurry?
V.J. Campilan, All My Lonely Islands|Do you think I could have come to you again and again, if you had been less alone?You called me and I answered
Katya Polo, M: A Collection of Poems to Mark the End of an Era|No demigod can heal your heart."Aphrodite to Reyna, at Charleston
Melanne Verveer|My best investment, as cliched as this sounds, is the money I've spent developing myself, via books, workshops and coaching. Leadership begins within, and to have a better career, start by building a better you.
James Wolcott|To me, Ann Romney sounds like a better candidate than her husband. She put her MS into remission through horseback riding, alternative therapies, and a healthy diet. She knows how to pace herself. She has a sense of humor and an innate honesty, and her hair moves in the wind. Maybe she should run.
Ellen Greene|As long as I have the support and respect of my teammates, that's all I can ask for.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|The night has already turned on that imperceptible pivot where two A.M. changes to six A.M. You know this moment has come and gone, but you are not yet willing to concede that you have crossed the line beyond which all is gratuitous damage and the palsy of unraveled nerve endings. Somewhere back there you could have cut your losses, but your rode past that moment on a comet trail of white powder and now you are trying to hang on to the rush.
Sabrina Bryan|Musicians like James Blake were a big influence on me. How he uses his vocals is amazing. And then Yeasayer and Animal Collective, who aren't pop bands exactly, but they do something that is so catchy and undeniable and so much fun.
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|I know too well how dangerous hope can be, how it grows and sometimes dies, taking its host with it. It's more powerful than anything Dr.Fibs keeps in his labs, more precious than all the secrets inside Sublevel Two.
Emma Goldman|Consciously or unconsciously, most theists see in gods and devils, heaven and hell, reward and punishment, a whip to lash the people into obedience, meekness and contentment.... The philosophy of atheism expresses the expansion and growth of the human mind. The philosophy of theism, if we can call it a philosophy, is static and fixed.
Idries Shah, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study|Knowledge is not gained, it is there all the time. It is the "veils" which have to be dissolved in the mind.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|That man is formed for social life is an observation which, upon our first inquiry, presents itself immediately to our view, and our reason approves that wise and generous principle which actuated the first founders of civil government, an institution which hat its origin in the weakness of individuals, and hath for its end the strength and security of all; and so long as the means of effecting this important end are thoroughly known and religiously attended to government is one of the richest blessings to mankind, and ought to be held in the highest veneration
David Harvey|Empiricism assumes that objects can be understood independendy of observing subjects. Truth is therefore assumed to lie in a world external to the observer whose job is to record and faithfully reflect the attributes of objects. This logical empiricism is a pragmatic version of that scientific method which goes under the name of 'logical positivism', and is founded in a particular and very strict view of language and meaning.
John Charles Pollock, The Apostle: The Life of Paul|The Resurrection is not a single event, but a loosening of God's power and light into the earth and history that continues to alter all things, infusing them with the grace and power of God's own holiness. It is as though a door was opened, and what poured out will never be stopped, and that door cannot be closed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Aging masters emotions, but with experiences of aging
Wislawa Szymborska|Everyone needs solitude, especially a person who is used to thinking about what she experiences. Solitude is very important in my work as a mode of inspiration, but isolation is not good in this respect. I am not writing poetry about isolation.
Elizabeth Hardwick|Seldom ever was any knowledge given to keep, but to impart; the grace of this rich jewel is lost in concealment.
Aoife Marie Sheridan, Eden Forest|I just think when extraordinary people are discovered, extraordinary exceptions should be made. " ~ Sarajane From Eden Forest (Part one of the Saskia Trilogy)
Charlotte Leonetti|Parenthood is like that...the harder the choice, the less likely any of the options are good ones
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|When she listened to songs that she loved on the radio, something stirred inside her. A liquid ache spread under her skin, and she walked out of the world like a witch.
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|For what could any Entity, conscious of eternal existence, want – but an end?
Colin Cotterill|It takes it out of you, writing with heart. And it was just for me really. Sort of a confirmation to myself that my inner diva can still make love to the keyboard when she’s in the mood. I have to keep her roped and gagged when I’m writing for the newspapers. They don’t like her at all. They don’t want love. They want a quick tryst in a motel room that’s forgotten in a few hours.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you want to be among the few who rule the world, you, therefore, must learn to convert every time of your life, every second and minute that passes by. The target of life and the idea of life is that every time must be converted into something.
Gene Roddenberry|When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
May Sinclair, The Token|Though he plunged into work as another man might have plunged into dissipation, to drown the thought of her, you could see that he had no longer any interest in it; he no longer loved it. He attacked it with a fury that had more hate in it than love.
John Keats|We come in many different shapes and sizes, and we need to support each other and our differences. Our beauty is in our differences.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|You want me to lie to you?" said McKay. I shrugged. Why not? I didn't mind lies.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|There is no always," I say. "Nothing persists forever.""Nothingness persists," she says. She is testing me."No. So long as anything exists, nothingness is impossible. In fact, it's nothingness that cannot persist. Nothingness gives way to somethingness. The nothingness that preceded the Big Bang was obliterated. Nothing became something.
Henry Rollins|Miles Davis would have this lineup of all these amazing musicians and one day would just say, 'We're done.' After tons of great records and tickets sold, he said, 'Now I'm going to grow my hair out and play my horn through a wah-wah pedal.' Rather than play it safe, he went on.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|By far the biggest portion of a bushel of American commodity corn (about 60% of it, or some 50k kernels) goes to feeding livestock, and much of that goes to feeding America's 100 million beef cattle
Mark Eisner, The Essential Neruda: Selected Poems|I've been told by many the art of poetry's dead, I believe it's alive on pages they haven't read
Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry|... He is strong and pain is worse to the strong, incapacity is worse.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|Yes, you are right. I lost my home, my mother, my identity. I lost it. Not you, Inspector Imandar. I did. They I don't understand, what did you lose? What did you lose that you hate them so much?
Deyth Banger|Everyone in my story has it's own character, GreenHollyWood cheeky, hypocritical and near to mad guy. A guy who really can't understand you and have very wrong conclusion so far I can say they are full of doubt.John Barker, wow that's one of my favourite characters, he is the guy who always lies and always somebody is behind him, he works at the bakery, he tries to devastate a lot of stuff.James Downder, the drunkard who knows probably he takes drugs or not, so far he is full of depression and so far the depression kills people....
Lorraine Maloney Armstrong|We all need something to do, someone to love, and something to hope for.
Debasish Mridha|Our thoughts, imaginations, and actions are what make us into who we are.
Voltaire, Philosophical Dictionary|I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed is at a year old a most delicious, nourishing, and wholesome food, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricassee or a ragout.
Debasish Mridha|To achieve greatness, let us be helpful and grateful to others.
Eknath Easwaran, Meditation: A Simple Eight-Point Program for Translating Spiritual Ideals into Daily Life|As meditation deepens, compulsions, cravings, and fits of emotions begin to lose their power to dictate our behavior. We see clearly that choices are possible: we can say yes, or we can say no.... "All we are is the result of what we have thought." By changing our mode of thinking, we can remake ourselves completely.
Tom Hardy|You have to be the best of whatever you are, but successful, cool actresses come in all shapes and sizes.
Charles Kennedy|There's a security, a validity of knowing that it's legal. It's hard to put into words. It's just a feeling, I guess - something about saying vows in front of the people around you who love and support you.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|People don't dream all their lives of escaping the hellish countries they live in and pay their life savings to underworld types for the privilege of being locked up in a freezing, filthy, stinking container ship and hauled like cargo for weeks until they finally arrive in Moscow or Beijing or Baghdad or Kabul. People risk their lives to come here---to New York. The greatest city in the world, where dreams become reality.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|I asked my dad once if his high school teachers began treating kids differently during Vietnam, when they knew some of their students would be drafted and sent to war. I was curious because for sure we’d started treating our military kids differently after 9/11. He just shrugged and changed the subject, like he always did. And that was okay with me. He’d go back and change a lot of things if he could; and like everyone else, I’d give anything to go back to the day before 9/11—but all we can do is move forward.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Nowadays I just don’t care; I’ve taken the Frank Zappa stance. I am who I am! Some love me, some loathe me, some respect me and some despise me. But after all that’s been, I still love the insane! As they’re exciting, dangerous and highly explosive! For me mad dogs are gentlemen.
J.A. Belfield, Darkness & Light|Fate and destiny go hand in hand. It is impossible to change our destiny. Only the path upon which we walk to reach our destination alters. If we should stray from that path, fate will take control and guide us in the right direction.
Jorge Luis Borges, Dreamtigers|We're always trotting out some story of a ninety-seven-year-old who runs marathons, as if such cases were not miracles of biological luck but reasonable expectations for all. Then, when our bodies fail to live up to this fantasy, we feel as if we somehow have something to apologize for.
Charles de Leusse|The excluded when on living on the fringe, like lepers, of whom true leper are only the illustration ordained by god to make us understand this wondrous parable, so that in saying “lepers” we would understand “outcast, poor, simple, excluded, uprooted from the countryside, humiliated in the cities” but we did not understand; the mystery of leprosy has continued to haunt us because we have not recognized the nature of the sign. Excluded as they were from the flock, all of them were ready to hear, or to produce, every sermon that, harking back to the words of Christ, would condemn the behaviour of the dogs and shepherds and would promise their punishment one day. The powerful have always realised this. The recovery of the outcasts demanded a reduction of the privileges of the powerful, so the excluded who became aware of their exclusion had to be branded as heretics, whatever their doctrine. This is the illusion of heresy. Everyone is heretical, everyone is orthodox. The faith a movement proclaims doesn’t count: what counts is the hope it offers.
Jim George|My first struggle thought me that there is no such thing as luck, but the second made me believe you certainly need it sometimes.
Tiffany Walker|If you're worried that you won't know someone in a few years, you should start living in the present and enjoy the people who are around you now and when the time comes for both of you to part ways... remember that it was a privilege and honor to be part of their life's - even if it was for such a short time.
D. Antoinette Foy|I wear the universe backwards. I imagine putting stars in my coffee, and sugar in the sky. I imagine going fishing in clouds, and watching the sun hide behind lakes. I'm too busy dancing with my imagination to even tip toe with reality for a second. They say I'm going mad. They're right.
Nikki Rowe|Because when I dream, I feel no fear, And when I am fearless, I am my most creative self.
Robert M. Drake|Excuse me, I feel interrupted and I think I've overdose from the idea of loving you.
Al Pacino|At a time when nobody thought we'd ever see a new steel mill built in America, we took a chance and built one in a corn field in Indiana. Today Steel Dynamics is one of the largest steel producers in the United States.
Erik Pevernagie|When the past gets its teeth into our daily life, it may get to grips with an astringent reality and adjust our timeline. By recognizing ourselves in the light of our history, we become aware of what we are. ("Going back to yesterday")
William Cope Moyers|Instead of being a gift that separates us from the animals, free will has become my gaoler. Junkies are the ultimate outsider, not only are we outside of society: we are outside of nature. I spit, turn, and wander towards the beach. Heroin gave me wings but took away the sky.
Henry Martin, Finding Eivissa|A miracle happened. Right there and then, in amongst the lunchtime diners and tourists, with the sweeping views of San Francisco Bay outside the window and the sea lions making a racket on the wharf below, a miracle happened. And Samuel lost any hope of recovery. Lily laughed.
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|I don't believe anyone who says love, love, love. It means self, self, self.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I have hunger for your mouth, for your voice, for your hair
P.J. Mann|There is a chest inside my heart, where a magical world is hidden. With my novels, I hand to you the key to that world.
J.A. ANUM|When she bites my lips,I see stars dancing right next to the sun.
Cesar Millan|Spiritual fulfillment doesn't have to mean belief in a religion or disbelief in science. ... Whether one believes in an unseen, all-knowing force, or the wonder of science and the universe, or simply the beauty of the human spirit, nearly every one of feels an inner longing to feel part of something bigger than ourselves.
Maggie Stiefvater|I don’t care to be pretty,” Blue shot back hotly, “I care to look on the outside like I look on the inside.
Cory Booker|And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|He opened his mouth to say that she looked extremely beautiful and deserved armfuls of roses, but the words were lost in committee somewhere, shuffled aside by the parts of his head that worked full-time at avoiding ridicule.
Deyth Banger|From mistakes you get experience, from experiments you get again expirience and there are a lot of out there positive and negative stuff which if you done you get experience. And that' experience is like in the games you are better and you are skilled person... So what would you do know? Choose experience or not?
Joel Bakan, The Corporation: The Pathological Pursuit of Profit and Power|The problem with capitalism is that "we have a global theology without morality, without a Bible." And that's dangerous, he warns - "we're not going to be able to exist in a global context if we are the bastards of our business.
John McAfee|Sometimes I wake up in the morning and feel like going straight back to bed. But I still have to get up and work, and I still have to take advantage of the chances I've been given in life.
Christopher Walken|If I can't get the girl, at least give me more money.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Each life is formed by its unique image, an image that is the essence of that life and calls it to a destiny. As the force of fate, this image acts as a personal daimon, an accompanying guide who remembers your calling.The daimon motivates. It protects. It invents and persists with stubborn fidelity. It resists compromising reasonableness and often forces deviance and oddity upon its keeper, especially when neglected or opposed. It offers comfort and can pull you into its shell, but it cannot abide innocence. It can make the body ill. It is out of step with time, finding all sorts of faults, gaps, and knots in the flow of life - and it prefers them. It has affinities with myth, since it is itself a mythical being and thinks in mythical patterns.It has much to do with feelings of uniqueness, of grandeur and with the restlessness of the heart, its impatience, its dissatisfaction, its yearning. It needs its share of beauty. It wants to be seen, witnessed, accorded recognition, particularly by the person who is its caretaker. Metaphoric images are its first unlearned language, which provides the poetic basis of mind, making possible communication between all people and all things by means of metaphors
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|The man was a bully. A bully who'd elevated himself to a high-level position, but a bully just the same. No amount of flattery would change how I saw him.
Nina Simone|Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.
Sami Abouzid|Love, I see love in your eyes, in my heart can’t say enough, but you will know , I’m in love with you , you’re my angel in the dark , my moonlight when I’m sad , my eternal love , I’m glad to be in love with you ,
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever your situation, there exist hope
Yogi Bhajan|If your presence doesn't work, neither will your word.
Mike Klepper|All outdoors may be bedlam, provided there is no disturbance within.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|Thus began a long intimate relationship with God, a true Father, and not some mean guy up in the sky with a hammer. But a caring Father who loved me and had a powerful plan for my life. As I lovingly held my newborn daughter Teresa I realized God loved me like I loved my new baby. Amazing.
Bill Buford, Heat: An Amateur's Adventures as Kitchen Slave, Line Cook, Pasta-Maker, and Apprentice to a Dante-Quoting Butcher in Tuscany|So, Slade, the swearing, the poor english and everything else is just a facade. You're really quite a deep and intelligent man, aren't you?
Sebastian Junger, War|The Army might screw you and your girlfriend might dump you and the enemy might kill you, but the shared commitment to safeguard one another’s lives is unnegotiable and only deepens with time. The willingness to die for another person is a form of love that even religions fail to inspire, and the experience of it changes a person profoundly.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you are doing things for the right reasons, you do not need to play by the rules, because there are no rules for a creator walking the path of love.
Laura Bynum, Veracity|In a world where critical thinking skills are almost wholly absent, repetition effectively leapfrogs the cognitive portion of the brain. It helps something get processed as truth. We used to call it unsubstantiated buy-in. Belief without evidence. It only works in a society where thinking for one's self is discouraged. That's how we lost our country.
Cécile Rischmann, The French Encounter|Comedy was invented to make people forget,That the plays of our lives were originally written as tragedies.
Sarah Jessica Parker|While the majority of my childhood memories are beautiful, I also have experienced the challenges that Nigeria has faced since independence.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|My mother made a squeaking sound that might of been either "yes" or "help".Poseidon took it as a yes and came in.Paul was looking back and forth between us, trying to read our expressions.Finally he stepped forward."Hi, I'm Paul Blofis."Poseidon raised an eyebrow and then shook his hand."Blowfish, did you say?""Ah, no. Blofis, actually.""Oh, I see," Poseidon said. "A shame. I quite like blowfish. I am Poseidon.""Poseidon? That's an interesting name.""Yes, I like it. I've gone by other names, but I do prefer Poseidon.""Like the god of the sea.""Very much like that, yes""Well!" My mother interrupted. "Um, were so glad you could drop by. Paul, this is Percy's father.""Ah." Paul nodded, though he didn't look real pleased. "I see."Poseidon smiled at me. "There you are, my boy. And Tyson, hello, son!""Daddy!" Tyson [shouted]...Paul's jaw dropped. He stared at my mother. "Tyson is...""Not mine," she promised. "It's a long story.
Hubert Martin|They flew to avoid the horrors of land and sea, Daedalus and Icarus were for few moments free. Though the sun was Icarus' ultimate bane, we came to always remember his name. For he felt the sun's burn, a lesson Daedalus would never learn. When he found his son's corpse and looked upon his face, he saw a smile there fastened in place. He continued his life wondering what his son had seen, hoping it was worth it since his dead smile was so serene. The sun always seemed to mock him after, shining, brilliant, blinding laughter. Daedalus grew withered and haunted by light, preferring the sea's air in the depths of night. He watched lunar birds soar through the stars and away, forever regretting his decision to take flight during the day. He had lost his son to the sun in a twist of anomaly, he wondered which of them truly escaped that day, in all honesty.
Katharine Graham|Another circumstance, too, worried me in those days: that there was no one like me and I was unlike anyone else. "I am alone and they are everyone," I thought–and pondered.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Sometimes people come into our lives to make us a softer person, other times they come to teach us to let go, and occasionally the relationship wasn’t a lesson about the relationship ‘us’, but a lesson about the relationship you have with yourself.
Eileen Anglin|Self awareness is the key, and the first step in change. We cannot change our world or ourselves without the awareness of what needs to change. To shift the patterns that disempower you, you must get honest with yourself and become aware of what they are.
Anthon St. Maarten|Tiffany was on the whole quite a truthful person, but it seemed to her that there were times when things didn’t divide easily into ‘true’ and ‘false’, but instead could be ‘things that people needed to know at the moment’ and ‘things that they didn’t need to know at the moment’.
Jim Butcher, Fool Moon|Susan hardly had begun to slow down when Tera appeared from between a couple of buildings and loped over to the car. I leaned forward, opened the door, and she got into the backseat. I threw her the extra clothes I had picked up, and she began to dress without comment.It worked," I said. "We did it."Of course it worked," Tera said. "Men are foolish. They will stare at anything female and naked.
Mike D|I'm really kind of a little bit romantic for the lost era. There's a lot of us that are - kind like James Murphy, same thing - we feel like it's this magic era that happened before us. And it wasn't even necessarily disco.
Tionne Watkins|I'm quite British in the sense of not expressing my emotions much. I save it for my songs. If you ask about a death in the family, or a lover, I will not be emotional. I'd probably answer with a smile. Because that's what we British blokes do.
Deyth Banger|Pure analysis puts at our disposal a multitude of procedures whose infallibility it guarantees; it opens to us a thousand different ways on which we can embark in all confidence; we are assured of meeting there no obstacles; but of all these ways, which will lead us most promptly to our goal? Who shall tell us which to choose? We need a faculty which makes us see the end from afar, and intuition is this faculty. It is necessary to the explorer for choosing his route; it is not less so to the one following his trail who wants to know why he chose it.
Debasish Mridha|Home is— Where the heart wants to dwell, Where the mind wants to dance, Where the air is always pleasant, And where love is always abundant.
Akshay Vasu|Every touch of you on my skin has burnt and etched your name on my soul. Whenever I close my eyes and try to feel myself, all I can hear is constant echoes of your name in my head, and all I can feel is the constant longing for the darkness.
Tina Folsom, Cain's Identity|The woman turned to me with a pleasant smile on her face. It didn't waiver or look forced, and her expression didn't appear surprised that Paul was married to an African American woman. Point in her favour. If she became freaked out by an interracial relationship, then working for a dead person and a werewolf would be touch.
Stephanie Perkins, Summer Days and Summer Nights: Twelve Love Stories|They blinked in the dusk of the setting sun, a reminder that light was a recurring state.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Brooding, she changed the pool into the sea, and made the minnows into sharks and whales, and cast vast clouds over this tiny world by holding her hand against the sun, and so brought darkness and desolation...to millions of ignorant and innocent creatures, and then took her hand away suddenly and let the sun stream down.
Immanuel Kant, The Moral Law: Kant's Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals|As a gentleman- assuming you still have some pretensions in that direction- of honor- again, perhaps presumptuous, but still supposing your passing acquaintance with the concept- it is your duty- I won't even trouble to speculate here, but remain naively hopeful- to protect those under your care.
Beatrix Potter|I cannot rest, I must draw, however poor the result, and when I have a bad time come over me it is a stronger desire than ever.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|We are addicted to attention, but when it comes to paying attention, we are not accessible.
Lucy Punch|You know, what's funny to one person is not at all to someone else.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Be real, rare, refreshing you! Fan the flames of self love and ignite your light!
C.S. Lewis, Phantastes|An almost perfect relationship with his father was the earthly root of all his wisdom. From his own father, he said, he first learned that Fatherhood must be at the core of the universe. [speaking of George MacDonald]
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|How often do you think we write our own ending before the story is even finished? How often do we give up on ourselves when our lives are just starting? Things get hard and we immediately back away and assume that means we're going in the wrong direction, doing the wrong thing. If anything, when the waters get thick, that's our sign to keep going
Augustine of Hippo, City of God|There are wolves within, and there are sheep without.
Neal Shusterman, Unwind|Conner Lassiter. Scheduled to be unwound the 21st of November-until you went AWOL. You caused an accident that killed a bus driver, left dozens of others injured, and shut down an interstate highway for hours. Then, on top of it, you took a hostage AND shot a Juvey-cop with his own tranq gun."..."He's the Akron AWOL?!
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|There were times . . . when it occurred to me that I was repeating my mother's life. Usually this thought struck me as funny. But if I happened to be tired, or if there were extra bills to pay and no money to pay them with, it seemed awful. I'd think 'This isn't the way our lives are supposed to be going.' Then I'd think 'Half the world has the same idea.
Samuel Beckett, Krapp's Last Tape & Embers|I waited for her to catch up, and when I did, she slowed down, and I missed seeing the light in her hair. I never told Nadia how much I liked seeing the halo the sunlight made of her hair. Sometimes silence is a habit that hurts.
Vikrmn, 10 Golden Steps of Life|Oh, Oh my fucking mother she screw ups everything!
Angela Long|SilenceIt has a sound, a fullness.It's heavy with sigh of tree,and space between breaths.It's ripe with pause between birdsongand crash of surf. It's golden they say.But no one tells us it's addictive.
Len G. Murray|Contracts are not a holy relic in football. You can like this attitude or not, but it's the truth. Sometimes you have to think about if it is meaningful to try out a new impulse.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Waiting for something or somebody for hours, for days and even for years is a common human behavior. Take the word ‘waiting’ out of your dictionary! Move! Act! These are the words and the behaviors you need! The dead can wait for, but the quick must not!
Jeffrey Fry|In the history of man, there has been and always will be more horses' asses than horses.
Anne Lamott, Imperfect Birds|At a certain point in his life he stopped searching for himself in everything that exists and gave in to temptations. Or, as you say, he sinned and later fled.
Starr Ambrose, Thieves Like Us|Rocky, if I’ve learned anything from my train wreck of a marriage, it’s that no one can take care of me better than I can.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many people turn to alcohol to try to drown the [cries] and longings of the soul. Others attempt to quiet the longings of their souls in other ways. Nothing but God ever completely satisfies, because the soul is made for God.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|Grace means suddenly you’re in a different universe from the one where you were stuck, and there was absolutely no way for you to get there on your own.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Everything in balance, everything in moderation – try not to go over the top in any direction but be free to explore & enjoy. Live heart-fully.I’m a writer & philosopher, of course I have the right to invent words! I try not to do it carelessly, I only write what sounds and feels right.
Alin Sav|Don´t judge people, who preach the Gospel differently than you do.
Marianne Williamson|We want our marriage to be a triumph, not a tragedy.
Heather     James, Fire|I felt as though a large knot of flames had been lit in my stomach, making me feel nauseous and excited all at once
Krystal Sutherland|The trouble was, I did know what I wanted from Grace Towne. I wanted to sleep with her, sure. I wanted her to be my girlfriend. A few years from now, I wanted to marry her. And then, when we were old, I wanted to drink peppermint tea and read Harry Potter to our grandchildren with her on the veranda of an old house out in the countryside as we watched a summer storm roll toward us. Was that so much to ask?
Dennis Prager, Think a Second Time|Presenting leadership as a list of carefully defined qualities (like strategic, analytical, and performance-oriented) no longer holds. Instead, true leadership stems from individuality that is honestly and sometimes imperfectly expressed.... Leaders should strive for authenticity over perfection.
Ann Gimpel, Blood and Magic|He kept pushing her, expecting for her to break. Fearing it. But he was the one who splintered apart. He was the one who broke.
Earle Gray|How we prepare our food, how we consume our food really makes a difference in how our food satisfies us and shapes the role we give food in our lives. Is it something we stuff in to satisfy an urge or something we savor to feed us physically and sustain us spiritually?
Barry López, About This Life|ABSTRACT THOUGHTS in a blue room; Nominative, genitive, etative, accusative one, accusative two, ablative, partitive, illative, instructive, abessive, adessive, inessive, essive, allative, translative, comitative. Sixteen cases of the Finnish noun. Odd, some languages get by with only singular and plural. The American Indian languages even failed to distinguish number. Except Sioux, in which there was a plural only for animate objects. The blue room was round and warm and smooth. No way to say warm in French. There was only hot and tepid If there's no word for it, how do you think about it? And, if there isn't the proper form, you don't have the how even if you have the words. Imagine, in Spanish having to assign a sex to every object: dog, table, tree, can-opener. Imagine, in Hungarian, not being able to assign a sex to anything: he, she, it all the same word. Thou art my friend, but you are my king; thus the distinctions of Elizabeth the First's English. But with some oriental languages, which all but dispense with gender and number, you are my friend, you are my parent, and YOU are my priest, and YOU are my king, and YOU are my servant, and YOU are my servant whom I'm going to fire tomorrow if YOU don't watch it, and YOU are my king whose policies I totally disagree with and have sawdust in YOUR head instead of brains, YOUR highness, and YOU may be my friend, but I'm still gonna smack YOU up side the head if YOU ever say that to me again;And who the hell are you anyway . . .?
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|A deeper intimacy with God sharpens our awareness of sin, which causes a stronger need for grace and a freer offering of mercy.
Emily Croy Barker, The Thinking Woman's Guide to Real Magic|No, the magic doesn't wear off at midnight. It's much more powerful than that. It comes from you. You wanted something, and so it came to be.
Robert Galbraith, Career of Evil|Matthew would not like this, she had said. He would have liked it even less had he know how much Strike had liked it.
John Quincy Adams|Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
Anatole France|Never lend books, for no one ever returns them; the only books I have in my library are books that other folks have lent me.
Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudevuru|Divinity never forces itself upon you. If you are willing, it is always there for you. If you are not willing, it is not there for you. So all you need to do is create the right kind of willingness and receptivity. Just to bow down and not have a will of your own is the biggest receptivity. It is the easiest way to receive.
Rand Paul|Let us be honest with each other. The threat to marriage is not the gays. It is a lack of loving commitment - whether it is found in the form of neglect, indifference, cruelty or adultery, to name just a few manifestations of the loveless desert in which too many marriages come to grief.
Valery Bryusov, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|He asked her, 'Why do you feel sorry for me, Old Woman?'The Old Woman stood beside him and looked out the window at the Garden, so beautiful, flowering and everywhere illuminated by the rays of the setting sun, and said, 'I feel sorry for you, dear Youth, because I know where you are gazing and what you are waiting for. I feel sorry for you and your mother.'Perhaps because of these words, or perhaps because of something else, there was a change in the Youth's mood. The Garden, flowering behind the high fence below his window, and exuding a wonderful fragrance, suddenly seemed somehow strange to him; and an ominous sensation, a sudden fear, gripped his heart with a violent palpitation, like heady and languid fragrances rising from brilliant flowers.'What is happening?' he wondered in confusion.("The Poison Garden")
Sam Harris, Free Will|Losing a belief in free will has not made me fatalistic—in fact, it has increased my feelings of freedom. My hopes, fears, and neuroses seem less personal and indelible. There is no telling how much I might change in the future. Just as one wouldn’t draw a lasting conclusion about oneself on the basis of a brief experience of indigestion, one needn’t do so on the basis of how one has thought or behaved for vast stretches of time in the past. A creative change of inputs to the system—learning new skills, forming new relationships, adopting new habits of attention—may radically transform one’s life.
Aditi Khorana|Will and Will Power both are important, first is the WILL and then Power to Implement.
Eric Schlosser|I partly know why I have not led a perfect life like other believers. But I avow to my Lord, and I do not lie, that from the time when I first knew him, the love of God and the fear of him has grown in me from my youth so that I have, by the power of God, always till now kept the faith.
Christopher Miller|Drake is an amazing person. Also, a magician. He's a big brother, super-talent; he's cool.
Ally Carter, United We Spy|I knew she was right. Of course she was right. Bex was always right. She knew me better than I knew myself. But then again, isn't that a best friend's job?
Kristine Wyllys, Losing Streak|Your enemies are not to be destroyed, grant them longevity to witness your success.
Flip Wilson|When people say, you know, 'Good teacher,' 'Prophet,' 'Really nice guy'... this is not how Jesus thought of Himself. So you're left with a challenge in that, which is either Jesus was who he said he was or a complete and utter nut case. You have to make a choice on that.
Leila Aboulela|In the distant past, Muslim doctors advised nervous people to look up at the sky. Forget the tight earth. Imagine that the sky, all of it, belonged to them alone. Crescent, low moon, more stars than the eyes looking up at them. But the sky was free, without any price, no one I knew spoke of it, no one competed for it. Instead, one by one those who could afford it began to sleep indoors in cool air-conditioned rooms, away from the mosquitoes and the flies...
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|When you’re still too young to shave, optimism is a perfectly legitimate response to failure.
Tan Redding, A Banquet Of Crumbs|James looked at the people around his table. He stared at each one of them as though he were looking at a magic-eye puzzle and he could see all of the different pieces and the colours but not beyond what was on the surface, and the more he tried, the depth, the revealing images, were kept away from him.
Arthur O'Shaughnessy, Poems of Arthur O'Shaughnessy|We are the music-makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams.World-losers and world-forsakers,Upon whom the pale moon gleams;Yet we are the movers and shakers,Of the world forever, it seems.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|She needed to recover. His father had died in January; it was only the end of May. They needed to stick to the routine they'd established during the intervening months. in that way, their life would return to its original shape, like a spring stretched in bad times but contracting eventually into happiness. That the world could come permanently unsprung had never occurred to him.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Can people tell from the emphasis we attach to material things whether we have set our affection on things above, or whether we are primarily attached to this world?
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|She bent her head over the flowers. He knew she was not beautiful. He knew she did not see herself as the object of a man’s lust. He knew if he told her he found her desirable, she’d not understand his meaning. She’d think he meant something other than marriage. In that, she would be right, but a man could want both things from the same woman.
Alan Joshua, The SHIVA Syndrome|There's no set future, only the one we make.
Joseph Sobran|It is cold anarchy to say that all men are to meddle in all men'smarriages. It is cold anarchy to say that any doctor may seize andsegregate anyone he likes. But it is not anarchy to say that a fewgreat hygienists might enclose or limit the life of all citizens,as nurses do with a family of children. It is not anarchy, it istyranny; but tyranny is a workable thing.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Society says "Don't talk about sex, just do it
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Stop the tape, cut the paper! I will just write another poem and grab a microphone and push record again!
Mahatma Gandhi, Mind of Mahatma Gandhi|If we don't learn from each others experience, we are forced to listen to people who have economic reasons to withhold critical information from us all. The other option is to wait for the government to tell us what their financial supporters want us to know.
Clare Vanderpool, Navigating Early|Maybe she'd never really known her mother at all. And if you couldn't know the person whose body was your first home, then who could you ever know?
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|The only honest art form is laughter, comedy. You can't fake it... try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man. You can't.
Ray Bradbury|I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it.
Robin Burks, Zeus, Inc.|I had to find Mr. Brentwood. And I had to save him. Zeus, Inc. had saved the world 50 years ago when we had depleted our energy resources. The very same Zeus, Inc. that now powered a majority of the known world. And that power had come from the man himself. Without him? We would all be plunged into total darkness, knocked back to the literal dark ages. Chaos could and probably would ensue.
Harvey Cox, Religion in the Secular City: Toward a Postmodern Theology|Let us not project our own spiritual limitations onto the modern world, for it is not the world which prevents us from being religious. The kind of world we live in shapes the manner and mode of our religiousness
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I were to sit down and count them, how many of my prayers were tainted by the seduction of greed? None, simply because nothing of that sort is a prayer.
Mark A. Cooper, Revenge|Jason knew his life would never be the same again. British intelligence now had an ace up their sleeve, and Jason had to overcome his fears and deal with the secret world he was now a part of. He would have to grow a tough shell around himself. Despite his many friends, his grandparents and love of his father, he was painfully aware he was very much alone in this world. When it came down to it, there was only one person he could really rely on in the world,and he was called Jason Steed.
J.D. Robb, Echoes in Death|Home is within me, no matter where I go, no matter what happens to our planet or our people.
Halle Berry|For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end.
Tom Upton|There are those who don't understand the nobility of horror fiction. 'Isn't there enough horror in the world?' they ask. For all other forms of literature, the value of human life is optional. For horror fiction, it's absolutely necessary. If we don't value the life of the threatened protagonist, we can't be scared. And through our fear, we better understand the individual fears and values of our species across the world.
Aung San Suu Kyi|Best to live lightly, unthinkingly.
Laurie Notaro, It Looked Different on the Model: Epic Tales of Impending Shame and Infamy|The effort really to see and really to represent is no idle business in face of the constant force that makes for muddlement. The great thing is indeed that the muddled state too is one of the very sharpest of the realities, that it also has color and form and character, has often in fact a broad and rich comicality.
John Boehner|When you deprive people of their right to live in dignity, to hope for a better future, to have control over their lives, when you deprive them of that choice, then you expect them to fight for these rights.
Emil Zatopek|As seismologists gained more experience from earthquake records, it became obvious that the problem could not be reduced to a single peak acceleration. In fact, a full frequency of vibrations occurs.
Annie Dillard|So they spread the paintings on the lawn, and the boy explained each of them. "This is the school, and this is the playground, and these are my friends." He stared at the paintings for a long time and then shook his head in discouragement. "In my mind, they were a whole lot better."Isn't that the truth? Every morning, I go to my desk and reread yesterday's pages, only to be discouraged that the prose isn't as good as it seemed during the excitement of composition. In my mind, it was a whole lot better.Don't give in to doubt. Never be discouraged if your first draft isn't what you thought it would be. Given skill and a story that compels you, muster your determination and make what's on the page closer to what you have in your mind.
Roxane Gay|I don't count on the boy who waits till October, when it's cool and fun, then decides he wants to play.
George Watsky|Don't fall asleep yet. Contrary to popular belief, that's not where dreams get accomplished.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Chains - Part 2: Bonds of Fear|I walk the city, through its crush of people and its smells:body odour, rotting food, vomit and urine. A cocktail of oppression and freedom.
Henrik Ibsen, A Doll's House|I am afraid, Torvald, I do not exactly know what religion is. ... When I am away from all this, and am alone, I will look into that matter too. I will see if what the clergyman said is true, or at all events if it is true for me.
Akiroq Brost|The more actively engaged you are in the present moment, the more aware you will become of yourself; your actions and reactions. As you become more aware, you will increase your ability to change what it is you do and how.
Nicola Marsh, Busted in Bollywood|Late twenties, single, female. Do the math.Flirty flings were fabulous until you hit the big three-O, all downhillfrom there. Biological clocks started ticking like time bombs waiting todetonate, gravity exerted more force on your life than your mom, andsuddenly, the dog-ugliest creep looked like Jake Gyllenhaal.
Elizabeth Clare Prophet|How "spiritual" you are has nothing to do with what you believe, but everything to do with your state of consciousness.
Marilyn Manson|Find what you are afraid of, face it, and then you won't be afraid of it anymore.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Boys, Laila came to see, treated friendship the way they treated the sun: its existence undisputed; its radiance best enjoyed, not beheld directly.
Richelle E. Goodrich|In my lifetime I have witnessed far too many miracles to believe in impossibilities, and so I am officially modifying the defini
H.S. Ede, Savage Messiah|The greatest masters have only made single statues, groups are always inferior; that is why Carpeaux, big though he was, is less so than Rodin, for he never knew how to make single statues. He did not know how to find his rhythm in the arrangement of the shapes of one body, but obtained it by the disposition of several. The great sculptors are there to prove it. Think of the masterpieces which we like most, all standing or seated, and one at a time, and they are not in the least monotonous. The connoisseur loves one spicy cake, but the glutton requires at least six to stimulate his pleasure.
Raymond E. Feist, The King's Buccaneer|My ancestors were conquerors, though now they are heroes in our history." Glancing at Amos, he said, "But we wrote the history.
Marcel Duchamp|Americans born since World War II have grown up in a media-saturated environment. From childhood, we have developed a sort of advertising literacy, which combines appreciation for technique with skepticism about motives. We respond to ads with at least as much rhetorical intelligence as we apply to any other form of persuasion.
Shayla Black, Surrender to Me|Until now, I've never been able to see while I fly, and I feel a dizzying lightness as I look out at the land bel
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|Imagine yourself winning?.. Wouldn't that make you overconfident?''Not at all... It's called "positive visualisation", like being a runner: see yourself making it across the finish line, you pace yourself better, run a better race too. See yourself winning at poker, you make the winning calls. See yourself as a loser, you've not got the self-belief or determination to play well, no matter how much money you gamble.'Chester - to JenniferI was shocked to hear the words of the Love Professor echoed by Chester: like yourself and you'll win; think you're a loser, and sure enough you'll end up losing.
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|A hundred years from now, people will look back on us and laugh. They'll say, 'You know what people used to believe? They believed in photons and electrons. Can you imagine anything so silly?' They'll have a good laugh, because by then there will be newer better fantasies... And meanwhile, you feel the way the boat moves? That's the sea. That's real. You smell the salt in the air? You feel the sunlight on your skin? That's all real. Life is wonderful. It's a gift to be alive, to see the sun and breathe the air. And there isn't really anything else.
Hanna Rosin|Theatrical is fantastic. I don't think anything will ever replace the big dark room, the screen and the popcorn. You can kind of do it in your home if you have a nice screen, but it's not the same thing.
Alice Walker|I love to create, and to me, the ultimate freedom of expression is a blank canvas or a block of clay to capture whatever emotions your imagination gives it.
Cokie Roberts|Virtually every church tradition, by theology, interpretive strategies, or pastoral practice, makes accommodations for divorced people who seek to remarry. These accommodations permit divorced people to enter unions that are outside the rule laid down in the Bible. But we can't have it both ways. We can't apply a strict "biblical marriage" rule to gay people and not apply it to those who are divorced and remarried.
Kathy McClary|Bending according to circumstances in not weakness, it's wisdom.
Matt Haig, The Humans|Human history is full of depressing things like colonization, disease, racism, sexism...inventions of things which they had no idea how to handle (the atomic bomb, the Internet, the semicolon)....And through it all there has always been some truly awful food.
Roy Hale|Fly free spirits fly, for if you reach heaven before me, then at least I know to this world I have more love to apply. " ~ Roy Hale
Donald Hall|I don't want to end up being a circus act, doing my most famous tricks when I'm 70.
Meg Hennessy, A Pirate's Command|Do you plan on marrying Charles?”She shook her head.“Good. I wouldn’t want to shoot him, but I would."... Finding Promise
Ally Condie, Matched|We don't take orders from you, Sergeant." Quain said. "Your man tried to assassi
Andrew Bird|I'm an emotional sort of person in general and I have a vivid imagination, so I feel the whole spectrum of emotion strongly when I write.
Alan W. Watts|Like love, the light or guidance of truth that influences us exists only in living form, not in principles or rules or expectations or advice, however widely circulated
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Claim|If we continue, we die," Baylon said.	Jordyn touched his face. "If I don't have you inside me, I die.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Genes come together to construct a magnificent life-form, while neurons come together to form our Illusion of Consciousness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The wise are like a sprouting seed; they go forward and upward, never backward or downward.
Natasha Tsakos|Running wild in a field of exclamations, chasing question marks
Stephen Crane, Complete Poems of Stephen Crane|When the suicide arrived at the sky, the people there asked him: "Why?" He replied: "Because no one admired me.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|The moment you begin to see yourself as GOD sees you, it gives you permission, authority and the audacity to become what you see through His eyes.
Jim Butcher, Changes|Da. This is going very well already."Thomas barked out a laugh. "There are seven of us against the Red King and his thirteen most powerful nobles, and it's going well?"Mouse sneezed."Eight," Thomas corrected himself. He rolled his eyes and said, "And the psycho death faerie makes it nine.""It is like movie," Sanya said, nodding. "Dibs on Legolas.""Are you kidding?" Thomas said. "I'm obviously Legolas. You're . . ." He squinted thoughtfully at Sanya and then at Martin. "Well. He's Boromir and you're clearly Aragorn.""Martin is so dour, he is more like Gimli." Sanya pointed at Susan. "Her sword is much more like Aragorn's.""Aragorn wishes he looked that good," countered Thomas."What about Karrin?" Sanya asked."What--for Gimli?" Thomas mused. "She is fairly--""Finish that sentence, Raith, and we throw down," said Murphy in a calm, level voice."Tough," Thomas said, his expression aggrieved. "I was going to say 'tough.' "As the discussion went on--with Molly's sponsorship, Mouse was lobbying to claim Gimli on the basis of being the shortest, the stoutest, and the hairiest--"Sanya," I said. "Who did I get cast as?""Sam," Sanya said.I blinked at him. "Not . . . Oh, for crying out loud, it was perfectly obvious who I should have been."Sanya shrugged. "It was no contest. They gave Gandalf to your godmother. You got Sam.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|I like the silent church before the service begins, better than any preaching.
Mark Viduka|You see people you identify with, and you take pieces of people you like and shape who you are. Like, I sound just like my dad. But that's literally my vocal chords. I can't sound like anything else... I sound like him, but I act like myself.
Melody Carlson, Mexico|Mostly I think I've learned to trust God more. I mean, if I start getting worried or freaked, I just try to put it in God's hands. Sometimes I imagine God cradling the globe in his hands, and I tell myself that as long as I'm with God, the Creator of the universe, I can be comfortable and at home anyplace on the planet.
Hans Zinsser, Rats, Lice and History|Swords, Lances, arrows, machine guns, and even high explosives have had far less power over the fates of nations than the typhus louse, the plague flea, and the yellow-fever mosquito. Civilizations have retreated from the plasmodium of malaria, and armies have crumbled into rabbles under the onslaught of cholera spirilla, or of dysentery and typhoid bacilli. Huge areas have bee devastated by the trypanosome that travels on the wings of the tsetse fly, and generations have been harassed by the syphilis of a courtier. War and conquest and that herd existence which is an accompaniment of what we call civilization have merely set the stage for these more powerful agents of human tragedy.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Man in the Arena: Selected Writings|That is why I decline to recognize the meremultimillionaire, the man of mere wealth, as an asset of value to any country;and especially as not an asset to my own country. If he has earned or uses hiswealth in a way that makes him a real benefit, of real use- and such is often thecase- why, then he does become an asset of real worth.
William S. Burroughs|Indeed, organizing atheists has been compared to herding cats, because they tend to think independently and will not conform to authority.
Tom Kenyon M.A.|Knowlede is power and Absolute Knowledge is Absolute Power or the Power of Truth, which is constantly shaping events and circumstances to reveal the errors in our beliefs.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|The Lord makes firm the steps of the one who delights in him; though he may stumble, he will not fall, for the Lord upholds him with his hand.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|It was like Latham: sometimes the point wasn't being the best, because it didn't mean you had the best life, or the best friends, or the best time.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Once, an elderly general practitioner consulted me because of his severe depression. He could not overcome the loss of his wife who had died two years before and whom he had loved above all else. Now, how can I help him? What should I tell him? Well, I refrained from telling him anything but instead confronted him with the question, “What would have happened, Doctor, if you had died first, and your wife would have had to survive you?” “Oh,” he said, “for her this would have been terrible; how she would have suffered!” Whereupon I replied, “You see, Doctor, such a suffering has been spared her, and it was you who have spared her this suffering — to be sure, at the price that now you have to survive and mourn her.” He said no word but shook my hand and calmly left my office. In some way, suffering ceases to be suffering at the moment it finds a meaning, such as the meaning of a sacrifice.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|We're too different now. We want different things. And this?" I say nodding at our hands. "All this managed to prove is that you are extremely good at turning me off
Stephen Reid Andrews, The Visions of David Palmer: Rising Phoenix|How can you be so nice to me and how can you forgive me when I’ve been such a jerk?”	Maddy appears to think for a moment. “When you are reading a book and you finish a chapter, you don’t keep re-reading the chapter you just finished. You move on to the next chapter to see what happens.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|We develop more empathy, when we realise that we are all ultimately looking for the same things - love, peace and acceptance.
Hermann Hesse, Gertrude|I was not a good scholar, and during my last year at school I made little effort. This was not due to laziness … , but to a state of youthful day-dreaming and indifference … that was only … pierced when creative desire enveloped me like ether.
Denis John George, The '3-3-3' Enigma: An Invitation To Consciously Create Your Reality|Luckily i went out and just did it, successfully, before i was told that it can't be done!Den-J
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|A good library is a place, a palace where the lofty spirits of all nations and generations meet.
C. Terry Warner, Bonds That Make Us Free: Healing Our Relationships, Coming to Ourselves|Personal growth is not like the development of a skill. It does not take place in observable increments that can be measured and charted. Indeed, as we have seen, when we're growing in sensitivity, generosity, and compassion, we're not aware of it, because we're not focusing on ourselves. The recovery of emotional freedom simply does not have the quality, for most of us, of a controllable sequence of transformations. It's more a career of discovering futher and further weaknesses and shedding them in turn.
Lao Tzu|Klar sieht, wer von ferne sieht, nebelhaft, wer Anteil nimmt.
Auliq Ice|Your path is not my path. Should we meet at the crossroads and ye be a friend, tarry a while, drink some wine and let us laugh for a while. If ye be foe, continue on your merry way and may our paths never cross again.
Stacy Hawkins Adams, Lead Me Home|She was returning home to be the wife of, mother of, First Lady of, but what did that really mean?
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender is the Night & The Last Tycoon|If you spend your life sparing people’s feelings and feeding their vanity, you get so you can’t distinguish what should be respected in them.
Viktor E. Frankl|Another way to be prepared is to think negatively. Yes, I'm a great optimist. but, when trying to make a decision, I often think of the worst case scenario. I call it 'the eaten by wolves factor.' If I do something, what's the most terrible thing that could happen? Would I be eaten by wolves? One thing that makes it possible to be an optimist, is if you have a contingency plan for when all hell breaks loose. There are a lot of things I don't worry about, because I have a plan in place if they do.
Georgia O'Keeffe|Nothing is less real than realism. Details are confusing. It is only by selection, by elimination, by emphasis, that we get at the real meaning of things.
Ashley Graham|Mom often said to me, "I know if you look good, you get special treatment." And then she went a step further: "I don't care what the world says or does. You have to remember that every person is valuable.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Darkness|We live in a universe devoted to the creation, and eradication, of awareness. Augustus Waters did not die after a lengthy battle with cancer. He died after a lengthy battle with human consciousness, a victim - as you will be - of the universe's need to make and unmake all that is possible.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Be willing to constantly travel towards the dreams of your future, and don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Unless, of course, there's no such thing as chance;...in which case, we should either-optimistically-get up and cheer, because if everything is planned in advance, then we all have a meaning and are spared the terror of knowing ourselves to be random, without a why; or else, of course, we might-as pessimists-give up right here and now, understanding the futility of thought decision action, since nothing we think makes any difference anyway, things will be as they will. Where, then, is optimism? In fate or in chaos?
Sarah Mayberry, Anything for You|New hair, new clothes-the classic relationship break-up makeover," Jake said. breaking up with Sam. He just didn't know it.
Michael Joseph Brown|Humor is a prelude to faith, and laughter is the beginning of prayer.
Kenneth Branagh|Many of us live in dysfunctional families, and so even if it's in a fairy tale, or perhaps because it's in a fairy tale, we have a chance to look at that side of our reflected lives differently.
ejump - 2017|Some want more than they need, and others think they need more than they want. That's why we have so many greedy people who can't share with the poor.
Sam Storms, Practicing the Power|We say we want revival . . . but on our terms. We don’t pray this way, but this is what our hearts are saying to God: “Come Holy Spirit . . . but only if you promise in advance to do things the way we have always done them in our church.” “Come Holy Spirit . . . but only if I have some sort of prior guarantee that when you show up you won’t embarrass me.” “Come Holy Spirit . . . but only if your work of revival is one that I can still control, one that preserves intact the traditions with which I am comfortable.” “Come Holy Spirit . . . but only if your work of revival is neat and tidy and dignified and understandable and above all else socially acceptable.” “Come Holy Spirit . . . but only if you plan to change others; only if you make them to be like me; only if you convict their hearts so they will live and dress and talk like I do.” “Come Holy Spirit . . . but only if you let us preserve our distinctives and retain our differences from others whom we find offensive.
Georges Rodenbach, The Bells of Bruges|The main thing for inner contentment is to be in a state of grace. And there is an artistic state of grace, for art is a kind of religion.
Raf Simons|The Semantic Web is not a separate Web but an extension of the current one, in which information is given well-defined meaning, better enabling computers and people to work in cooperation.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|Perhaps the most striking aspect of this entire subject is that there are nonhuman primates so close to the edge of language, so willing to learn, so entirely competent in its use and inventive in its application once the language is taught. But this raises a curious question: Why are they all on the edge? Why are there no nonhuman primates with an existing complex gestural language? One possible answer, it seems to me, is that humans have systematically exterminated those other primates who displayed signs of intelligence.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I will soothe you and heal you,I will bring you roses.I too have been covered with thorns.
Ellen Schreiber, Royal Blood|Vampires were always either trying to kill me, or own me. God I hated being popular.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We are often given pills or fluids to help remedy illness, yet little has been taught to us about the power of smell to do the exact same thing. It is known that the scent of fresh rosemary increases memory, but this cure for memory loss is not divulged by doctors to help the elderly. I also know that the most effective use of the blue lotus flower is not from its dilution with wine or tea – but from its scent. To really maximize the positive effects of the blue lily (or the pink lotus), it must be sniffed within minutes of plucking. This is why it is frequently shown being sniffed by my ancient ancestors on the walls of temples and on papyrus. Even countries across the Orient share the same imagery. The sacred lotus not only creates a relaxing sensation of euphoria, and increases vibrations of the heart, but also triggers genetic memory - and good memory with an awakened heart ushers wisdom.
Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions|The yoke is hard because the teachings of Jesus are radical: enemy love, unconditional forgiveness, extreme generosity. The yoke is easy because it is accessible to all — the studied and the ignorant, the rich and the poor, the religious and the nonreligious. Whether we like it or not, love is available to all people everywhere to be interpreted differently, applied differently, screwed up differently, and manifested differently.
Steven Wright|Well, when I think of steroids I think of an image. You have the advantage over someone, which is a form of cheating. I guess it wouldn't be right unless it was legal for everybody. Reason it's not legal for everybody is because it can hurt people seriously.
Mark Dunn, Ella Minnow Pea: A Novel in Letters|Instead of the calendrical terms Monday, Tuesday and so forth, we cheerfully offer the following surrogates. Use them freely and often, for their use honors us all. For Sunday, please use Sunshine. For Monday. pleasy use Monty. For Tuesday, please use Toes. For Wednesday, please use Wetty. For Thursday, please use Thurby. For Friday, please use Fribs. For Saturday, please use Satto-gatto.
David Foster Wallace, Brief Interviews with Hideous Men|Men seek rest in a struggle against difficulties; and when they have conquered these, rest becomes insufferable.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|She smashes her knuckles into winterAs autumn's wind fades into blackShe is the saint of all the sinners,the one whose fallen through the cracks...(iViva la Gloria!)
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.
Roshan Sharma|And I learned that it's a bad idea to curse if you're in trouble, but a good idea to sing, if you can.
Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White|Let me tell you something, kid," said Mrs. H of Boston and Beacon Hill. "Magic is just a word for what's left to the powerless once everyone else has eaten their fill.
Robin McKinley, Chalice|There comes a time when you just have to say, “No!” – to the requests and to the system.
Stella Oladiran, Winning Formulas|In our day heaven and earth are on tiptoe waiting for the emerging of a Spirit-led, Spirit-empowered people. All of creation watches expectantly for the springing up of a disciplined, freely gathered, martyr people who know in this life the power of the kingdom of God.
Michael Lee West, She Flew the Coop: A Novel Concerning Life, Death, Sex and Recipes in Limoges, Louisiana|Girls do go for the finely-chiselled. And apart from his looks, he's and artist, and there's something about artists that seems to act on the other sex like catnip on cats.
Becky G|Never be a food snob. Learn from everyone you meet - the fish guy at your market, the lady at the local diner, farmers, cheese makers. Ask questions, try everything and eat up!
Kim Cormack|There is more important work to be done here. The strong must lead us into a new energy age before our world dies out. Who's going to do that? You, Caleb? Your face bears new marks–you are not ready to win such a battle. - Adrian
Jane Austen, Love and Friendship|The Very first moment I beheld him, my heart was irrevocably gone.
David Z. Hirsch, Didn't Get Frazzled|Hot water makes stress, makes you embarrassed… cold makes you to refresh, calm, relax… but mainly dead people are cold and the alive are hotter.
Jack Lewis Baillot, Brothers-in-Arms|Caleb scowled into the darkness.“Hate sneaking around,” he complained. “Wish I could just blow the place up.”Then, with nothing else to declare, he set off again and Franz and Jimmy had to scramble to keep up.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Protect me from the fairies wild, Or exchange thee for a stolen child. A debt be paid more than a few, Tempting hunger with fairy stew. A mother’s distraction used as bait, To steal unchristen babes in wait. Malevolent fairies will deceive, Of lower nature and unbelief. An act to reflect the human soul, Will light the darkness of shadow. By living life of higher mind, A changeling thee will never find. In thy cradle a bundle of love, Your child protected by God above." Changelings, Meet the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure
Gabriel García Márquez, The Autumn of the Patriarch|Life is like a roller-coaster with thrills, chills, and a sigh of relief.
Tessa Emily Hall, Purple Moon|The Chinese considered the moon to be yin, feminine and full of negative energy, as opposed to the sun that was yang and exemplified masculinity. I liked the moon, with its soft silver beams. It was at once elusive and filled with trickery, so that lost objects that had rolled into the crevices of a room were rarely found, and books read in its light seemed to contain all sorts of fanciful stories that were never there the next morning.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|When I have neither pleasure nor pain and have been breathing for a while the lukewarm insipid air of these so called good and tolerable days, I feel so bad in my childish soul that I smash my moldering lyre of thanksgiving in the face of the slumbering god of contentment and would rather feel the very devil burn in me than this warmth of a well-heated room. A wild longing for strong emotions and sensations seethes in me, a rage against this toneless, flat, normal and sterile life. I have a mad impulse to smash something, a warehouse, perhaps, or a cathedral, or myself, to commit outrages, to pull off the wigs of a few revered idols...
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|Of course, while Katherine took the accolades in stride, she never took the work for granted. Not a morning dawned that she didn't wake up eager to get to the office. The passion that she had for her job was a gift, one that few people ever experienced.
Colum McCann, Fishing the Sloe-Black River|We become our decisions over time. We choose to love, or we can choose to hate. We can choose to forgive, or we can choose to take revenge; to have hope, or we can choose to fall into despair. But, regardless, we become our choices we make over time." p. 318
Jessica Ingro, Love Square|With you and me, I don't know what anything means. We're pushing each other away and yet I don't seem to be able to let you go.
Kim Jong-un|There is science, logic, reason; there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|History can come in handy. If you were born yesterday, with no knowledge of the past, you might easily accept whatever the government tells you. But knowing a bit of history--while it would not absolutely prove the government was lying in a given instance--might make you skeptical, lead you to ask questions, make it more likely that you would find out the truth.
Bhavesh Gandhi|In every aspect of your life, try to balance the imbalances to make your life more happier and try to imbalance the balanced ones to make your life full of adventures !
Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson, Beasts: What Animals Can Teach Us About the Origins of Good and Evil|Us" versus "them" is not in our genes. It is something we learn.
Richard Feynman|I have a friend who's an artist and has sometimes taken a view which I don't agree with very well. He'll hold up a flower and say "look how beautiful it is," and I'll agree. Then he says "I as an artist can see how beautiful this is but you as a scientist take this all apart and it becomes a dull thing," and I think that he's kind of nutty. First of all, the beauty that he sees is available to other people and to me too, I believe. Although I may not be quite as refined aesthetically as he is ... I can appreciate the beauty of a flower. At the same time, I see much more about the flower than he sees. I could imagine the cells in there, the complicated actions inside, which also have a beauty. I mean it's not just beauty at this dimension, at one centimeter; there's also beauty at smaller dimensions, the inner structure, also the processes. The fact that the colors in the flower evolved in order to attract insects to pollinate it is interesting; it means that insects can see the color. It adds a question: does this aesthetic sense also exist in the lower forms? Why is it aesthetic? All kinds of interesting questions which the science knowledge only adds to the excitement, the mystery and the awe of a flower. It only adds. I don't understand how it subtracts.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|Its all about perception in life, For some One minus One = One & for some its Zero.That's the only difference.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Grass is food for elephants, but a cushion for lions.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Seeing the mud around a lotus is pessimism, seeing a lotus in the mud is optimism.
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|Begging is much more difficult than it looks. Contrary to popular belief, it’s a high art form that takes years of dedicated practice to master.
Kristin Scott Thomas|If you're ruling the world, you can't trust anybody. Because even those who profess to be working in your interest - those are also villains in and of their own right.
Sunday Adelaja|People, who seek God, find answers to their question
Katandra Jackson Nunnally, Carnal Sobriety|Is that the ultimate need? To secure some agent to act as a salve, a bandage, a cover-up, concealer over the black eye, as opposed to facing the issue head on. Nobody wants to address the fist. We’d all much rather take something for the pain and make it all go away.
Greg Graffin|Please don't make the mistake of thinking that 'Oryx and Crake' is anti-science. Science is a way of knowing, and a tool. Like all ways of knowing and tools, it can be turned to bad uses. And it can be bought and sold, and it often is. But it is not in itself bad. Like electricity, it's neutral.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|Sometimes I think gravity may be death in disguise. Other times I think gravity is love, which is why love's only demand is that we fall.
Joey Comeau, We all got it coming|Think of being curled up and floating in a darkness. Even if you could think, even if you had an imagination, would you ever imagine its opposite, this miraculous world the Asian Taoists call the "Ten Thousand Things"? And if the darkness just got darker? And then you were dead? What would you care? How would you eve know the difference?
Mark Kennedy|I cannot think of anything more difficult than to say something which would be worthy of this impressive and, for me, memorable occasion, and of the ideals and purposes which inspired the Nobel Peace Award.
Friedrich Nietzsche|In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
Eraldo Banovac|I've tried to solve problems to the best of my knowledge. Many times I was successful, but sometimes I also failed. And now I finally understand – that's life.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|Most thoughtful,"...[he said] politely. This cheerfulness was ambiguous, Had she determined to ignore ...[the] coup entirely--an established tactic, most irritating to the innovator but hard to sustain over long periods of time--or had she already evolved her counter-strategy?
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Shores of Forever|Far, far out on the open sea a platform of stone held firm against the tossing waves. At first sight, it appeared as nothing out of the ordinary, other than that it lay in the middle of nowhere.That was the view on the surface. Beneath the water existed an entirely alien world.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|There's a meeting in Command. Disregard your current schedule,' he says. 'Done,' I say.'Did you follow it at all today?' he asks in exasperation.'Who knows? I'm mentally disoriented.' I hold up my wrist to show my medical bracelet and realize it's gone. 'See? I can't even remember they took my bracelet.' (Katniss and Boggs)
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|This dull, difficult novel I have brought with me on my trip—I keep trying to read it. I have gone back to it so many times, each time dreading it and each time finding it no better than the last time, that by now it has become something of an old friend. My old friend the bad novel.
Suzannah Daniels, Vampire's Bane|His dark blond hair was short and neatly trimmed around his ears. The blond highlighted it just enough to make one think it'd been kissed by the sun, but I knew better.	Stopping a few feet away, he watched me.	I squirmed under his perusal. "So, are we going to the prom or what?"	He laughed, revealing brilliant white teeth, though I saw no sign of his fangs....
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Everything was okay today, but I am not feeling okay. I think that when the things you like go away, you die a little bit inside, and I think that it takes a long time for you to feel okay again.
Nikolai Gogol|Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life.
George Orwell, 1984|Oh, I don’t mean to infer that you’re not a great guy. I’m sure you’re the exception to the rule.
J. William Fulbright|In my teens, I joined the Parachute Regiment. I jumped out of lots of airplanes, as much as the Government budget would allow us to. I did two active tours of duty: Northern Ireland, and then the Falklands war.
Donna Tartt|Evil people relate more to the black pole. It's - this is not exact, of course, as the science of magic is as complex as the magic of electronics - it's like traveling past a mountain. The white pole is at the apex, and it is an exhilarating height, but it takes a lot of work and few missteps to ascend it. The black pole is at the nadir, and it is easy to walk downhill; sometimes you can just sit down and slide or roll and, if you fall, you can get there very fast indeed. If you don't pay attention to where you're going, you'll tend to go down, because it is the course of least resistance. Since the average person has only the vaguest notion where he is going and tends to shut out awareness of the consequence of evil, he inevitably drifts downward. There is much more space at the base of the mountain than at the peak!
Elisabeth Elliot|Think of the self that God has given as an acorn. It is a marvelous little thing, a perfect shape, perfectly designed for its purpose, perfectly functional. Think of the grand glory of an oak tree. God’s intention when He made the acorn was the oak tree. His intention for us is ‘… the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ.’ Many deaths must go into our reaching that measure, many letting-goes. When you look at the oak tree, you don’t feel that the loss’ of the acorn is a very great loss. The more you perceive God’s purpose in your life, the less terrible the losses seem.
Tijan, Evil|The only spark of humanity in me is from you, because I love you. If you die, so do I.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|Liberty creates an environment where all living beings within a society have an equal opportunity to exercise freedom. An equal opportunity to exercise freedom would further infer that, in liberty, living beings have equal access to knowledge and experience. Knowledge and experience are both inseparable from freedom. Liberty is balanced societal freedom and may also be considered balanced knowledge and experience. With equal access to knowledge and experience, living beings have an equal opportunity to enhance their abilities. Liberty is perceived as true freedom because it maximizes the opportunities for most living beings within a society.
Anthony T. Hincks|All the best things in life are free: love, smiles, friends, family, pets & companions, thoughts, sunsets & sunrises and especially rainbows.
G.A. Aiken|Help us, Juli-wan Kenobi, you're our only 
Auliq Ice|You feel resentful to be on the low side of the comparison, yet being on the high side brings no peace either, because there's no such thing as being better all the time. So this is a great game to give up---you win by walking away.
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|The abundance of ordinary things, their convenient arrangement here, seemed for the moment a personal gift to me. As did my ability to notice this, to be grateful for it.
Kevin Jorgenson|On some days it felt like we owned the Earth, and the only place left to expand to was the next planet down the line.
Franz Rottensteiner, The Fantasy Book: An Illustrated History From Dracula To Tolkien|The fantastic postulates that there are forces in the outside world, and in our own natures, which we can neither know nor control, and these forces may even constitute the essence of our existence, beneath the comforting rational surface. The fantastic is, moreover, a product of human imagination, perhaps even an excess of imagination. It arises when laws thought to be absolute are transcended, in the borderland between life and death, the animate and the inanimate, the self and the world; it arises when the real turns into the unreal, and the solid presence into vision, dream or hallucination. The fantastic is the unexpected occurrence, the startling novelty which goes contrary to all our expectations of what is possible. The ego multiplies and splits, time and space are distorted.
Freddie Prinze, Jr.|You can fake your age or mask it, but the passion that moves the characters has to be real.
Kale Lawrence, The Clairvoyance Clock|The day we put an end to believing in hope will be the day we stop existing, for without hope, we are nothing.
Forrest Curran|With maps and globes decorated around your room as a child and with passport and ticket in hand in the present, it is your world to explore. To travel is to ask for a complex mix of the new and the old, hellos and goodbyes, and sadness and happiness. Leave your shoes behind at home and to walk in the footsteps of others for a while.
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, Book Power: A Platform for Writing, Branding, Positioning & Publishing|Imagination without vision, is like a brand with no passion
Elizabeth Edwards|'West Wing' was huge. Like 'Hamilton,' it pulls back the curtain on how decision-making happens at the highest level, or at least how you hope it would be. The amount of information Aaron Sorkin packs into a scene gave me this courage to trust the audience to keep up.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|We learn from pain that some of the things we thought were castles turn out to be prisons, and we desperately want out, but even though we built them, we can't find the door. Yet maybe if you ask God for help in knowing which direction to face, you'll have a moment of intuition. Maybe you'll see at least one next right step you can take.
Mary Karr, Lit|Everything originates first in the mind and all things are born there primarily. After the thought has occurred, manifestation happens.
Scott Stabile|When you give to others, you give to yourself.
Claudia Gray, Hourglass|He who falls, falls by his own will; and he who stands, stands by God's will.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Before God put that dream into you, he did not ask for the approval of anybody... It means anyone who tells you "it's impossible" is not from God!
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|I hate those people who say you always find the one when you stop looking for her. It is the advice you least want to hear when what you think you need most is someone to love. At best, it comes off like being asked to not think of a white elephant. The elephant becomes the only thing you can think of.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|...history is a selection process - it chooses moments and events, and even people - it hands them a situation that they shouldn't be able to overcome, and it's in those moments, in that fight, that people find out who they are.
John Greenleaf Whittier|Blue eyes say  "Love me or I die"  black eyes say  "Love me or I kill thee."
Ezra Pound, What is Money For?|International politics is never about democracy and human rights. It's about the interests of states. Remember that, no matter what you are told in history lessons.
David Levithan, Every You, Every Me|I had gotten so used to being alone, but never entirely used to it. Never used to it enough to stop wanting the alternative.
Marc Vouillot|At the very point that I’ve taken something for granted, I have at that same moment taken it to its grave. And if I look around, I realize I’ve cultivated quite a cemetery.
Mensah Oteh|You are the actor, director, producer, and scriptwriter of the play called ‘Your Life’ and you can change the play anytime.
Kellie Elmore|I don't want someone to believe my lies, I need someone to accept my truths.
Anthony T. Hincks|When we are born our eyes open onto the world.When we learn the truth about the world we choose to close our eyes to the world around us.And when we die, we open our eyes for that last time to see that in our ignorance, we could have changed the world for all to see.
T.J. Klune, The Art of Breathing|Her smile faded to a more serious expression. "Is everything okay? With Callum?""Fine," I said, taking a bite of meat and avoiding her eyes."He's crazy about you, you know," she said softly, like I hadn't just told her things were fine. "I see other girls looking at him sometimes, and he doesn't even notice. He only sees you.
Alcaeus of Mytilene, 612 BC|We have all seen them circling pastures, have looked up from the mouth of a barn, a pine clearing, the fences of our own backyards, and have stood amazed by the one slow wing beat, the endless dihedral drift. But I had never seen so many so close, every limb of the dead oak feathered black; and I cut the engine let the river grab the jon boat and pull it toward the tree... Then as I passed under their dream, I saw for the first time its soft countenance the raw fleshy jowls, wrinkled and generous like the faces of the very old who have grown to empathize with everything. And I drifted away from them, reluctant, looking back at their roost, calling them what they are- transfiguring angels who pray over the leaf graves of the anonymous lost with mercy enough to consume us all and give us wings.
Tyga|True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.
Nur Sakinah Thomas|True success is a silence inner process that can empower the mind, heart and soul through strong aspiration for great achievement.
Terry Zwigoff|Right now I'm not involved with anybody, but I hope by 75 I will be again.
George Orwell|Pacifism is objectively pro-fascist. This is elementary common sense. If you hamper the war effort of one side, you automatically help out that of the other. Nor is there any real way of remaining outside such a war as the present one. In practice, 'he that is not with me is against me'.
Mr. Pessimist|I have nothing against youI just learned not to trust youI know its a trial and errorBut shit, I thought I'm a solver
Amy Zhang, This Is Where the World Ends|We knew each other to our fingertips. No, that's not right. We only knew each other in our fingertips, and that was nothing at all, and for a while that was okay. We could have been a love story, a fairy tale, an indie film about high school and selective insanity featuring a boy of angel parts and a girl made of dreaming. We could have been all the best things: bracelets sliding down arms while shots slid down throats, laughter and crashing music in dark and flashing rooms, kisses that started hesitant but didn't stay that way.
R. Kelly|This music is forever for me. It's the stage thing, that rush moment that you live for. It never lasts, but that's what you live for.
Randy S. Woodley|The facts of science always imply a theoretical, which means a symbolic, element.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has confidence (trust) in his own self, he can get everything in this world. But one does not have that confidence (trust), does he? Once the confidence is lost, it is all over. There is infinite power and energy in trust (confidence of one’s own self), even if the trust is in the ignorant state [ignorance of one’s own true self].
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|Some things, it was better not to think about. It just made you mad and angry.
Darrell Calkins|Breathing is the fundamental act of being alive. One can go without thoughts, emotions or sensations, sleeping, talking or any other activity for a long time, without food for weeks, without water for days. But if you stop breathing, you’ll be dead before you finish reading this letter. Because it is the essence of life, some focus upon it seems appropriate.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|By understanding the basic impediments to forgiveness, the repercussions of failing to forgive and the fruits of forgiveness, this will lead you gently to the shoreline of a distinct new and more powerful YOU.
Angelika Rust, The Girl on the Red Pillow|First I was decayed, I was putrefied. Kept thinking I could never live on, now that I had died...
Amy E. Mason, 365 Pocket Prayers for Women: Guidance and Wisdom for Each New Day|My circumstances will sometimes be pleasant and sometimes be difficult, but teach me that the way I react to them is almost more important than the circumstances themselves. Renew my mind, Lord, and enable me to respond with joy and humility to whatever happens, as Jesus did.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Love is a connection with another person, either through birth or through something else that I cannot even explain. It is often just an attraction at first. But it goes far deeper than that. It is a determination to care for the other person no matter what and to allow oneself to be cared for in return. It is a commitment to make the other happy and to be happy oneself. It is not possessive, but neither is it a victim. And it does not always bring happiness. Often it brings a great deal of pain, especially when the beloved is suffering and one feels impotent to comfort. It is what life is all about. It is openness and trust and vulnerability.
Fred Lowe Soper, Anopheles Gambiae in Brazil, 1930 to 1940|Preferring steady progress, slow and imperfect, is a good philosophy for the defeated.
Siri Hustvedt, The Sorrows of an American|I've come to think of consciousness as a continuum of states, from fully awake cogitation to daydreaming to the altered consciousness of hallucinations and dreams. Still, interpreting dreams can only take place when we're awake. I believe meaning is what the mind makes and wants. It's essential to perception and to consciousness in all its forms. But the important meanings of psychotherapy are subjective. There's a lot of research that confirms that drem content reflects the dreamer's emotional conflicts.
Debasish Mridha|The duel may go on for long, but the self-defense often wins over the self-reproach.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|As she looked in the full-length mirror in her dressing room, she added a few ropes of pearls, pinned a white silk camellia, and draped the Chantilly lace shawl. In that moment, Dana thought of fashion's most enduring icon who created this elegant and alluring style, and the happy personal life that eluded her. Mademoiselle Chanel died in 1971 at the age of eighty-eight while working on her spring collection, but her passion for work did not fill the void of marriage and children. Her success was costly, but clearly the choice of an uncompromising woman determined to achieve greatness on her own. Chanel once said, "I never wanted to weigh more heavily on a man than a bird." Quote from "A very Good Life.
Pepper Winters, Tears of Tess|You Stole my loneliness. I may have given you wings, but you've become my gravity. I'll never be free of your force.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|You would run much slower if you were dragging something behind you, like a knapsack or a sheriff.
Nadlee Thims, Mr. Montgomery|If you put your heart into it, you can write 30 sex scenes and have each one be different, and just as exciting as the one before it.
Phil Lester|Aunt Prue was holding one of the squirrels in her hand, while it sucked ferociously on the end of the dropper. 'And once a day, we have ta clean their little private parts with a Q-tip, so they'll learn ta clean themselves.' That was a visual I didn't need. 'How could you possibly know that?' 'We looked it up on the E-nternet.' Aunt Mercy smiled proudly. I couldn't imagine how my aunts knew anything about the Internet. The Sisters didn't even own a toaster oven. 'How did you get on the Internet?' 'Thelma took us ta the library and Miss Marian helped us. They have computers over there. Did you know that?
Lauren Oliver, Panic|Wishing for something doesn’t mean you should have it, and saying something doesn’t necessarily make it true.
T.R.Fraz|The response of a loyal man against the most severe grief from their love once, is always a silence, a silence forever." T.R.Fraz
Nico Lang|When you’re accustomed to loneliness, you become in tune with the rhythms of yourself and your own mind—because you always have to answer yourself at the end of the day, to be alone with your thoughts. You’ll also know how important self-love and reliance is, to love yourself before you love someone else, but I think the universality of loneliness teaches us what that love is. To be lonely is to be human, to feel pain, to be forced to know yourself—and the universality of it binds us. Love is embracing that universality and surrendering to it. It’s looking out at a lonely universe and knowing it’s fabric makes you who you are.
Auliq Ice|Be it remembered, that liberty must at all hazards be supported. We have a right to it, derived from our Maker. But if we have not, our fathers have earned and bought it for us at the expense of their ease, their estates, their pleasure, and their blood.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Green Mars|The vaunted experience of age was perhaps only a matter of wounds and scarring -- that young minds to old minds might be as young bodies to old bodies: stronger, more vital, less twisted by damage.
Robert  Stone, Helping|...studies show that in general, optimists die ten years earlier than pessimists.""I find that hard to believe""Of course you do, you're an optimist. You have a misguided belief that things will go your way. You don't see the dangers till it's too late. Pessimists are more realistic. "That seems like a sad way to govern your life.""It's a safe way to govern your life.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|She'd made life poignant for the Irish. The terror she inspired gave peace its serenity; the pain she caused gave health its lustre; her failure to love made me grateful for my ability to do so, and I realized, far too late, that though I never did or could have loved her as she might have wished, I should have loved her more.
Katy Perry|If your life changes, we can change the world, too.
Niall Ferguson|After the tragedy, New Yorkers are more united than ever in their vision, as well as in appreciation what living in freedom means - and that if we stand together, we can accomplish anything.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we are young and restless to be free, home is the place from which we long to escape. But if there is still a home intact when trouble arises and life becomes a battlefield, home is the place to which we yearn to return.
Marilyn Monroe, My Story|For those who are poor in happiness, each time is a first time; happiness never becomes a habit.
Samuel Butler, Erewhon|I remember one incident which bears upon this part of the treatise. The gentleman who gave it to me had asked to see my tobacco-pipe; he examined it carefully, and when he came to the little protuberance at the bottom of the bowl he seemed much delighted, and exclaimed that it must be rudimentary. I asked him what he meant."Sir," he answered, "this organ is identical with the rim at the bottom of a cup; it is but another form of the same function. Its purposes must have been to keep the heat of the pipe from marking the table upon which it rested. You would find, if you were to look up the history of tobacco-pipes, that in early specimens this protuberance was of a different shape to what it is now. It will have been broad at the bottom, and flat, so that while the pipe was being smoked the bowl might rest upon the table without marking it. Use and disuse must have come into play and reduced the function its present rudimentary condition. I should not be surprised, sir," he continued, "if, in the course of time, it were to become modified still farther, and to assume the form of an ornamental leaf or scroll, or even a butterfly, while in some cases, it will become extinct.
Tim Winton, The Riders|Old Scully, who according to Jennifer, hadn't the imagination to think the worst. Something she said once, as though neurosis was an artform.
John Middleton Murry, Fyodor Dostoevsky: A Critical Study|The cattle crouched round them in soft shadowy clumps, placidly munching, and dreaming with wide-open eyes. The narrow zone of colour created by the firelight was like the planet Earth - a little freak of brightness in a universe of impenetrable shadows
Roman Payne|Selfishly, perhaps, Catti-brie had determined that the assassin was her own business. He had unnerved her, had stripped away years of training and discipline and reduced her to the quivering semblance of a frightened child. But she was a young woman now, no more a girl. She had to personally respond to that emotional humiliation, or the scars from it would haunt her to her grave, forever paralyzing her along her path to discover her true potential in life.
Jason Jack Miller|It's Coke, my man. You really think I'm going to let you pour any more alcohol into your body tonight?
Charles Williams, War in Heaven|The telephone bell was ringing wildly, but without result, since there was no-one in the room but the corpse.
Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose|[W]hen I put Jorge in the library I did not yet know he was the murderer. He acted on his own, so to speak. And it must not be thought that this is an 'idealistic' position, as if I were saying that the characters have an autonomous life and the author, in a kind of trance, makes them behave as they themselves direct him. That kind of nonsense belongs in term papers. The fact is that the characters are obliged to act according to the laws of the world in which they live. In other words, the narrator is the prisoner of his own premises.
Demi Lovato|I can't set my hopes too high,'Cause every hello ends with a goodbye.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Commonly men will only be brave as their fathers were brave, or timid.
Jim Jarmusch|My main objective is to prepare candidates for professional baseball; however, the majority of our graduates will go home as much better qualified amateurs.
Don Rickles|The ideas of science germinate in a matrix of established knowledge gained by experiment; they are not lonesome thoughts, born in a rarified realm where no researcher has ever gone before.
Jess Schira, Rendezous with Destiny|And perhaps it was precisely because she knew nothing at all about chess that chess for her was not simply a parlor game or a pleasant pastime, but a mysterious art equal to all the recognized arts. She had never been in close contact with such people — there was no one to compare him with except those inspired eccentrics, musicians and poets whose image one knows as clearly and as vaguely as that of a Roman Emperor, an inquisitor or a comedy miser. Her memory contained a modest dimly lit gallery with a sequence of all the people who had in any way caught her fancy.
Bill Bryson|I once won a second prize in a history concert. My parents came to the ceremony. Somebody else had won the prize for best all-around student. Afterwards my father said to me, 'Never, ever disgrace me like that again.' When I tell my Western friends, they are aghast. But I adore my father. It didn't knock my self-esteem at all.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When we follow our hearts, we follow the path of lessons we were meant to take and gain knowledge from. Sometimes the heart conquers over reason, and this may lead us to making serious mistakes, but these are mistakes written for us to grow. This is the real reason you hear ‘FOLLOW YOUR HEART’. And the real reason you hear, ‘FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS’ is because our dreams expose us to our true multidimensional realities outside of this delusional realm we call reality. Our true reality can be found in our dreams, where we are our true multidimensional selves.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|As moonlight gently fills your room, your dreams begin to sprout, then bloom.
Francis Bacon|Revenge might be sweet and although friendship might be sweeter, once you find true love you will taste the sweetest thing life has to offer
Mike Dooley|There was something else,--something quite undefinable, that gave a singular glow and radiance to the whole countenance, and suggested the burning of a light through alabaster,--a creeping of some subtle fire through the veins which made the fair body seem the mere reflection of some greater fairness within.
Criss Jami, Healology|A wise man's goal shouldn't be to say something profound, but to say something useful.
Bryce Courtenay|Sometimes the slightest things change the directions of our lives, the merest breath of a circumstance, a random moment that connects like a meteorite striking the earth. Lives have swiveled and changed direction on the strength of a chance remark.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I want to stand on the foundation of ethics and morals when the world around me would assault that foundation with all of its collective might, and in the standing I want to stand on the truth that that foundation will stand long after everything that has assailed it has itself has ceased to stand.
Osho, Creativity: Unleashing the Forces Within|Dreams have to be made real, not reality changed into dreams.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Protect your good image from the eyes of negative viewers, who may look at your good appearance with an ugly fiendish eye, and ruin your positive qualities with their chemical infested tongues.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Don't be fooled. It's good to be rich and to have money, but know that money is not everything the way people hyped it. People who claim to have more money or rich can't still can't afford what they want, nomatter how much they have. Things like love, friendship , happiness, peaceful mind, inner peace and whatever they so desire to have.
Pope Francis|To me, religion is an agreement between a group of people about what God is. Spirituality is a one-on-one relationship.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Believing in yourself means more than simply believing in your own ultimate success; it means believing you will survive failures, disappointments, rejections, and criticism but still persist.
Kenzo Tange|Switzerland is a small, steep country, much more up and down than sideways, and is all stuck over with large brown hotels built on the cuckoo clock style of architecture.
Mitch Winehouse, Amy, My Daughter|I have long since chosen him for my only good, my all; my pleasure, my happiness in this world as in the world to come... -Susanna Wesley
Cassandra Clare, Saving Raphael Santiago|He held her close enough to kiss, close enough to whisper the most important secrets in the world, and he spoke to her as he would have wanted some good angel to speak to his family, to his own shivering young soul, long ago and in a land far away.
Lucy Robinson, The Greatest Love Story of All Time|He decides he wants both more or less. He’d like to hang with Beyonce in a nice way, get to know her by doing small pleasant things together like playing board games and going out for ice cream, or how about this, a three-week trial run in some tropical paradise where they can hang together in that nice way and possibly fall in love, and meanwhile fuck each other’s brains out in their spare time. He wants both, he wants the entire body-soul connect because anything less is just demeaning.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|To make matters worse, everyone she talks to has a different opinion about the nature of his problem and what she should do about it. Her clergyperson may tell her, “Love heals all difficulties. Give him your heart fully, and he will find the spirit of God.” Her therapist speaks a different language, saying, “He triggers strong reactions in you because he reminds you of your father, and you set things off in him because of his relationship with his mother. You each need to work on not pushing each other’s buttons.” A recovering alcoholic friend tells her, “He’s a rage addict. He controls you because he is terrified of his own fears. You need to get him into a twelve-step program.” Her brother may say to her, “He’s a good guy. I know he loses his temper with you sometimes—he does have a short fuse—but you’re no prize yourself with that mouth of yours. You two need to work it out, for the good of the children.” And then, to crown her increasing confusion, she may hear from her mother, or her child’s schoolteacher, or her best friend: “He’s mean and crazy, and he’ll never change. All he wants is to hurt you. Leave him now before he does something even worse.” All of these people are trying to help, and they are all talking about the same abuser. But he looks different from each angle of view.
Bob Hicok|I like the idea of differenttheres and elsewheres, an Idaho known for bluegrass,a Bronx where people talklike violets smell. Perhaps I am somewhere patient, somehowkind, perhaps in the nookof a cousin universe I've never defiled or betrayedanyone.
Malcolm X|I want to say somewhere: I've tried to be forgiving. And yet. There were times in my life, whole years, when anger got the better of me. Ugliness turned me inside out. There was a certain satisfaction in bitterness. I courted it. It was standing outside, and I invited it in.
Tictac Colwell|They were as different as honesty and truth, but it takes experience to see the dissimilarities. Rocky was friendly, outgoing and boisterous; Charger was sullen, withdrawn and paranoid. Rocky liked people; Charger didn't. Rocky could trust; Charger didn't know the meaning of the word.
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|I came here because it's pine-dark and the ocean is wild. The kind of quiet-noise you need when there's too much going on in your head. Like the water and the woods are doing all the feeling, and I can hang out, quiet as a headstone, in a between place. A blank I can bear.
Noel DeJesus|There is nothing more vindictive, nothing more underhanded, than a little world that would like to be a big one.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|It is the leader’s job to lead by example and enforce the values and the behaviors to set the culture for any company or work group. Show me a company in rapid decline, and I will show you someone in charge who doesn’t give a _____.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|I knew it was beautiful, but knowing something is beautiful and caring about it are two very different things, and I didn't care.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|I wish someone had just told me the truth right up front, as soon as I was old enough to understand it. I wish someone had just said: “Here’s the deal, Wade. You’re something called a ‘human being.’ That’s a really smart kind of animal. Like every other animal on this planet, we’re descended from a single-celled organism that lived millions of years ago. This happened by a process called evolution, and you’ll learn more about it But trust me, that’s really how we all got here. There’s proof of it everywhere, buried in the rocks. That story you heard? About how we were all created by a super-powerful dude named God who lives up in the sky? Total bullshit. The whole God thing is actually an ancient fairy tale that people have been telling one another for thousands of years. We made it all up. Like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny. “Oh, and by the way … there’s no Santa Claus or Easter Bunny. Also bullshit. Sorry, kid Deal with it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|To be a man is, precisely, to be responsible. It is to feel shame at the sight of what seems to be unmerited misery. It is to take pride in a victory won by one's comrades. It is to feel, when setting one's stone, that one is contributing to the building of the world.
Unknown|No poet can stay alive solely in his/her poetry etched in papers, it is the reader audience in whom the poets breath forever.......
Debasish Mridha|A woman is the symbol of love, beauty, harmony, nature, and care.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Walking into a bookshop is a depressing thing. It’s not the pretentious twats, browsing books as part of their desirable lifestyle. It’s not the scrubby members of staff serving at the counter: the pseudo-hippies and fucking misfits. It’s not the stink of coffee wafting out from somewhere in the building, a concession to the cult of the coffee bean. No, it’s the books. I could ignore the other shit, decide that maybe it didn’t matter too much, that when consumerism meets culture, the result is always going to attract wankers and everything that goes with them. But the books, no, they’re what make your stomach sink and that feeling of dark syrup on the brain descend. Look around you, look at the shelves upon shelves of books – for years, the vessels of all knowledge. We’re part of the new world now, but books persist. Cheap biographies, pulp fiction; glossy covers hiding inadequate sentiments. Walk in and you’re surrounded by this shit – to every side a reminder that we don’t want stimulation anymore, we want sedation. Fight your way through the celebrity memoirs, pornographic cook books, and cheap thrills that satisfy most and you get to the second wave of vomit-inducing product: offerings for the inspired and arty. Matte poetry books, classics, the finest culture can provide packaged and wedged into trendy coverings, kidding you that you’re buying a fashion accessory, not a book. But hey, if you can stomach a trip further into the shop, you hit on the meatier stuff – history, science, economics – provided they can stick ‘pop.’ in front of it, they’ll stock it. Pop. psychology, pop. art, pop. life. It’s the new world – we don’t want serious anymore, we want nuggets of almost-useful information. Books are the past, they’re on the out. Information is digital now; bookshops, they’re somewhere between gallery and museum.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|To not do what you can to protect someone, that's cowardly.
Michael Treanor|Food is a creative, personal journey
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|You can't have everything, I've often noticed it.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|When you create a résumé, for instance, it’s not about listing every single role and responsibility you’ve had. Instead it’s about highlighting accomplishments that all ladder up to your overall positioning, expressing a clear point of view. You’re taking control of the impressions you make by doing the work for them.
Michel de Montaigne, Cannibales|Valor is strength, not of legs and arms, but of heart and soul; it consists not in the worth of our horse or our weapons, but in our own.
George Hammond, Bob and Charlie|Don't waste time making enemies. As long as you're active, you'll have plenty.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|If we don’t confront those things that are wrong, it gets worse.
Richard Siken, Crush|This is where the evening splits in half, Henry, love or death. Grab an end, pull hard, and make a wish.
Temple Grandin|When man becomes reconciled to nature, when space becomes his true background, these words and concepts will have lost their meaning, and we will no longer have to use them.
Sunday Adelaja|Jesus also function on the earth through the power of light. Light, illumination, knowledge, insight, understanding, wisdom. That is their real power on earth
Clarence Clemons|I was told so many times when I was a kid, 'I can't be friends with you, you're too intense, you're too sad all the time.' I really thought that when I made the first album that everyone would understand me, all the people who weren't my friends would become my friends.
Aleksandr Voinov, Incursion|He understood it then. The potential, the utter, unbelievable freedom to be whoever existed underneath his skin.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The futility of everything that comes to us from the media is the inescapable consequence of the absolute inability of that particular stage to remain silent. Music, commercial breaks, news flashes, adverts, news broadcasts, movies, presenters—there is no alternative but to fill the screen; otherwise there would be an irremediable void.... That’s why the slightest technical hitch, the slightest slip on the part of the presenter becomes so exciting, for it reveals the depth of the emptiness squinting out at us through this little window.
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|It's all right to have expectations in marriage. Just remember to keep them at the feet of Jesus, not at the feet of your spouse
Fiona Wood, Cloudwish|And that, she thought as he left her, summed up the miracle of her life. She had a home with him, and he'd be there.
T.M. Frazier, The Dark Light of Day|Rhys gave no warning as he gripped my arm, snarling softly, and tore off my glove. His touch was like a brand, and I flinched, yielding a step, but he held firm until he'd gotten both gloves off. " I heard you begging someone, anyone, to rescue you, to get you out. I heard you say no."  "I didn't say anything."  He turned my bare hand over, his hold tightening as he examined the eye he'd tattooed. He tapped the pupil. Once. Twice. " I heard it loud and clear.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|She found herselfover a long and treacherous roadand the more treacherous the road became,the more of herselfshe found.
Wayne Dyer|Gut feeling is all about the experiences that you have had in your life. It is about being in difficult scenarios, knowing what worked, what did not work, and then taking a decision.
Chris Wooding, Poison|But time has a way of stealthily deciding a person’s mind without her conscious knowledge, and as she studied and procrastinated, Poison found one day that she had come to know her choice.
Ariel Gore|It is a great paradox and a great injustice that writers write because we fear death and want to leave something indestructible in our wake and, at the same time, are drawn to all the things that kill: whiskey and cigarettes, unprotected sex, and deep-fried burritos.
Andrew Rilstone, Where Dawkins Went Wrong|If I didn't fear I'd do you harm...I'd try to make you an atheist. I really do think that you are a deluded follower of mistaken and superstitious and cowardly theories. That's as far as I'll go....Everyone who worships a god worships a force back of all nature, no matter what they call him or it and even if they call his aspects by different names & have many "gods." If there really is such a force, then all people who worship any god or gods, worship the same god. I'd just as soon call him Ishtar or Baal or Jehovah. They're merely names for the same idea. (Letter from Simpson to Anne Roe, written ca. 1920-21, when Anne was briefly flirting with fundamentalist Christianity, American Philosophical Society archives.)
Joel Crofoot, Michael's Passion|Turning up Gower Street, she was headed to the First Presbyterian Church, not that she had suddenly decided to become born again or some shit. No, there was an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting that was about to let out, so she figured she would drop off a little gift by the exit. Nothing big, just the six pack. That was not why she had come, of course, but why pass up the opportunity to lead someone into temptation?
Andrew Ross Sorkin|I was always one of those people who would watch the Super Bowl as much for the sports as I did for the ads. I was always just sort of fascinated by the fact that when you turn on the TV, there was motion, there was moving pictures on it.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Rhythm, repetition, making patterns--these are not only important devices for shaping the strange and abstract instrument/object we call a poem or a story, but they are craved as well because of our primordial need for reassurance, the sense of security we get from moving over the known. A mystery doesn't lose power in revisiting. Writing is not just to know, it is also to console. We need to be reminded that we are part of the obscure rhythm of birth and decade. It is the humming that matters.
Stephen King, The Long Walk|When you love to kill and can do it as well as I can, then what better way to raise hell?" -Javier "Bones" Jones
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|After dinner, at five o’clock, the crew distributed folding canvas cots to the passengers, and each person opened his bed wherever he could find room, arranged it with the bedclothes from his petate, and set the mosquito netting over that. Those with hammocks hung them in the salon, and those who had nothing slept on the tablecloths that were not changed more than twice during the trip.
Henrik Fisker|I love driving. I still drive a 1993 Toyota Camry. I do want to get an electric car, but it's less of a carbon footprint if you keep your old, fuel-efficient car on the road than if you say 'build me a whole new car.'
jagan kumar|Humanism is my Religion, Good is my adoption , Bad is my Elimination, Acceptance is my Decision, Love is My Gift , Relation is my Affection ,Truth is My Strength, Help Is My Credit , Knowledge is My Treasure
Clyde F. Boyle|She hadn't seen a doctor cry before, they usually don't, that makes itharder.- Anita
Jonathan Maberry, Dead of Night|She looked like a character from a video game. One of those improbably busty, impossibly well-armed superchicks who could do acrobatics and hit the kill zone even while firing guns from both hands during a cartwheel. "You look fucking ridiculous," she told herself.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|Protesters are still on the fringes like satellites, revolving around the system. But prophets and poets lead us into a new world, beyond simply yelling at the old one.
Laurann Dohner, Moon|So, was the crime lab a reward for almost being killed?''No, it was a reward for not being Bryce,
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|life has a funny way of testing you to see if you really want, what you say you want.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow are hidden to all. We however hope for a tomorrow to do what we have to do tomorrow because we think we shall surely have a tomorrow. Worry therefore not about tomorrow and understand instead that once there shall be a tomorrow, there shall be a good tomorrow. If there shall be a good tomorrow, then there shall be a good tomorrow for you. Stay positive!
Sara Sheridan|When the first book out my sister-in-law read it and we were chatting at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and she said, "Oh my God, chapter six, sex and a murder," and her five year old wandered into the kitchen and said, "Sixty hamburgers?
Harold B. Lee, The Teachings of Harold B. Lee|You are equipped with strong bodies and educated minds. Add to these an unshakable faith in a divine providence and you have the tools by which you may build a successful life. Make each day your masterpiece and live so nobly that you may witness honestly each day: Whatever came to your hands this day, you did it to the best of your ability
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad|Seeing them assembled in Tartarus, Percy felt as hopeless as the spirits in the River Cocytus. So what if he was a hero? So what if he did something brave? Evil was always here, regenerating, bubbling under the surface. Percy was no more than a minor annoyance to these immortal beings. They just had to outwait him. Someday, Percy's sons or daughters might have to face them all over again.
Michael Dorris, Rooms in the House of Stone: The "Thistle" Series of Essays|The World Bank, anxious that the last vestiges of Zimbabwe's former inclination toward socialism be abandoned, successfully urged the imposition of a token tuition charge for all grade levels. Equivalent to one U. S. dollar per year per child, this fee constitutes a burden to the poorest families, who have responded by sending only boys to classes. Too many of the girls . . . have resorted to prostitution in order to eat.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't call anyone a devil, because within you, you can experience hell and the devil, and the devil is nothing, but you!
Warren Bennis|I never was good at learning things. I did just enough work to pass. In my opinion it would have been wrong to do more than was just sufficient, so I worked as little as possible.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|Pointing directly at your own heart, you find Buddha.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With Christ, I can endure every suffering,
Mark Rubinstein, Mad Dog Justice|Jesus and Paul knew the Old Testament completely. Their comments about divorce were meant to add to, not replace or change, what was already written in the Old Testament about marriage and divorce.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I hadn't thought that as well as the obvious fears about money, and your future, losing your job would make you feel inadequate, and a bit useless. That it would be harder to get up in the morning then when you were rudely shocked into consciousness by the alarm. That you might miss the people you worked with, no matter how little you had in common with them. Or even that you might find yourself searching for familiar faces as you walked the high street.
Katlyn Charlesworth, Where Men Sit|Change is inevitable. And in a way, change is a sort of magic. However, not everyone believes in something as frugal as the unexplained.
Sam Lipsyte|I hope you will go out and let stories happen to you, and that you will work them, water them with your blood and tears and laughter 'til they bloom, 'til you yourself burst into bloom.
Osho|Nobody can say anything about you. Whatsoever people say is about themselves. But you become very shaky, because you are still clinging to a false center. That false center depends on others, so you are always looking to what people are saying about you. And you are always following other people, you are always trying to satisfy them. You are always trying to be respectable, you are always trying to decorate your ego. This is suicidal. Rather than being disturbed by what others say, you should start looking inside yourself…Whenever you are self-conscious you are simply showing that you are not conscious of the self at all. You don’t know who you are. If you had known, then there would have been no problem— then you are not seeking opinions. Then you are not worried what others say about you— it is irrelevant!When you are self-conscious you are in trouble. When you are self-conscious you are really showing symptoms that you don’t know who you are. Your very self-consciousness indicates that you have not come home yet.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|I figured out that I'm better off not explaining how and why I do the things that I do. If people can only read the surface of what you are, and that's all they want to see, let them see just what they need to see. Everything more is just something to keep and share only with the people that desire and are ready to receive that information. Words wasted on ears that do not listen and eyes that do not see are just seeds thrown on rocky ground. Prepare your ground first and then ask for the seeds.
Emma Scott, How to Save a Life|Hey,” he replied. “You look beautiful today.”I glanced down and laughed. Along with my limited wardrobe, I was also discovering that not doing laundry decreased my clothing options even further. I was in jeans and a plain black T-shirt today, and my hair had been lucky to get a quick brushing, let alone any real styling. I’d overslept and figured beachcombing didn’t require much primping anyway.“Liar,” I said. “I practically rolled out of bed this morning.”“You forget that I’ve seen you in just about every state imaginable. You don’t have to have every detail primped and perfect. You’re beautiful even when you’re disheveled. Sometimes more so.
Susan Sarandon|Everyone has a responsibility towards this larger family of man, but especially if you're privileged, that increases your responsibi
William McDonough|So there was a fire inside me. And that fire inside you, it can be turned into a negative form or a positive form. And I gradually realised that I had this fire and that it had to be used in a positive way.
J.D. Brewer, The Birth of Anarchy: Vagabond's Sequel|After all, I wasn’t even sure if the ancient causes belonged to me in the first place because being born into a belief tended to make me feel more like I belonged to it instead.
Duane & Selena Pannell, 3000 Miles to Eternity: A True Internet Love Story|That's the Christian life: a long journey in the same direction. It's about perseverance. Obedience. And a whole lot of grace. The hand of the master winemaker, forever pruning, producing fruit, and then making something profound and lovely out of our meager harvest.
Debasish Mridha|To profoundly understand a baby, you must first be a mother.
Donna Goddard|Faith changes us - faith in something intrinsically good, something other than ourselves, something bigger than ourselves.
William Olkowski|If you look at the evolution of the brain, the logic centers, they were growing at the same time as the creative centers were expanding. And that creates this really potent illusion that you’re not just a bag of chemicals reacting to shit. Which is what you are.
Alastair Reynolds, Terminal World|I couldn't help thinkin' if she was as far out o' town as she was out o' tune, she wouldn't get back in a day.
Megan Miranda, Fracture|The first time I died, I didn't see God. No light at the end of the tunnel. No haloed angels. No dead grandparents. To be fair, I probably wasn't a solid shoo-in for Heaven. But, honestly, I kind of assumed I'd make the cut.
James Stockdale|The atmosphere at my school was very competitive. Young girls were competing with each other every day for status, for leadership, for the affection of the teachers. I hated it.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Life's like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.
Paul Ricoeur|I was cleaning out the pigsty at a farm in Wales, where my mother had rented a room, when the results of my final school exam were handed to me by the postman, along with the news that I had a state scholarship to Oxford. I had waited for this letter for so many weeks that I had abandoned hope, deciding that I had failed ignominiously.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|This is just a nigger talkin', an' a busted-back nigger. So it don't mean nothing, see? You couldn't remember it anyways. I seen it over an' over-a guy talkin' to another guy and it don't make no difference if he don't hear or understand. The thing is, they're talkin', or they're settin' still not talkin'. It don't make no difference, no difference.
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the City of Angels|I stopped looking at the cars after the first few miles. Once I started to see past the exteriors, I saw what lay inside some of them and felt the urge to sprint to the nearest freeway exit. Some people had tried to outrun The Plague by leaving town. They hadn't realized the illness could still find them in their cars, and now the 405 was one of the largest graveyards in the world. I thought for a moment about all of the other cities across the globe that probably had scenes just like this. My eyes stung, wondering if my mother, my dad, or any of my friends were in similar graveyards.I made the mistake of glancing into an overturned Volkswagen Beetle as I passed and saw a pair of legs clad in jeans and white Jack Purcell sneakers in the shadows of the car. They reminded me of Sarah's shoes. The man who laced those up that morning hadn't realized he wouldn't be taking them off again.
Alison Weir, Eleanor of Aquitaine: A Life|I'd always assumed Beth and I would be friends forever. But then in middle of the eighth grade, the Goldbergs went through the World's Nastiest Divorce.Beth went a little nuts.I don't blame her. When her dad got involved with this twenty-one year old dental hygienist, Beth got involved with the junk food aisle at the grocery store. She carried processed snack cakes the way toddlers carry teddy bears. She gained, like, twenty pounds, but I didn't think it was a big deal. I figured she'd get back to her usual weight once the shock wore off.Unfortunately, I wasn't the only person who noticed. May 14 was 'Fun and Fit Day" at Surry Middle School, so the gym was full of booths set up by local health clubs and doctors and dentists and sports leagues, all trying to entice us to not end up as couch potatoes. That part was fine. What wasn't fine was when the whole school sat down to watch the eighth-grade cheerleaders' program on physical fitness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To learn how to swim, observe fish; how to hunt, observe lions; how to work, observe bees, and how to live, observe sages.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Rainbow of happiness is the byproduct of your inner sunshine, after the rain of sorrows.
Anonymous|Buddhas also have to be swept away, because the door can become a hindrance if you cling to it.
Rebel Wilson|I'll tell you what I really enjoy. We all go to the movies, we all watch television, we know what they're about, how they work. When the main character is a cop or a spy, it's very exciting, but I also very much enjoy when the main characters are nobodies - a trucker.
Kasie West, Pivot Point|One of my friends at the Compound has a photographic memory. Everything she ever sees, reads, or hears, she remembers forever in perfect detail.
Douglas Coupland|Big companies are like marching bands. Even if half the band is playing random notes, it still sounds kind of like music. The concealment of failure is built into them.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|But for a Christian, there are, strictly speaking, no chances. A secret Master of Ceremonies has been at work. Christ, who said to the disciples, 'Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you,' can truly say to every group of Christian friends, 'You have not chosen one another, but I have chosen you for one another.' The friendship is not a reward for our discrimination and good taste in finding one another out. It is the instrument by which God reveals to each the beauties of all the others...At this feast it is He who has spread the board and it is He who has chosen the guests. it is He, we may dare to hope, who sometimes does, and always should preside. Let us not reckon without our Host.
Lynn Johnston|My father was a farmer and my mother was a farmer, but, my childhood was very good. I am very grateful for my childhood, because it was full of gladness and good humanity.
Umberto Eco|It is distressing how often we repeat ourselves. When we ask questions, we know the answers already. We've grown accustomed to horizontal communication, flatlining banalities and droning insignificance.
Mary Costello|The child's existence turned a plain world to riches. Her life raised up like this, the child giving point and purpose to each day, the care of him transforming her, widening and deepening her.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, I Thirst|The last time I checked, I wasn’t the one who tripped over a glass container of sugar that I had myself dropped... after, of course, having received several bruises from an attempt to retrieve a flip-flop that had somehow ended up in the sink.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves|My guess is that he remembers some of me, some of us together, and the rest rolled off him like topsoil in a flash flood.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|Nothings Impossible,It Just means we Haven't Discovered it Yet!
Suman Pokhrel|Life’s mystery continued to trouble meA question came to my mind, is freedom dearer than life? or does it become easier to live when life becomes difficult?
Thomas More, Utopia|War, not peace, produces virtue. War, not peace, purges vice. War, and preparation for war, call forth all that is noble and honorable in a man. It unites him with his brothers and binds them in selfless love, eradicating in the crucible of necessity all which is base and ignoble. There in the holy mill of murder the meanest of men may seek and find that part of himself, concealed beneath the corrupt, which shines forth brilliant and virtuous, worthy of honor before the gods. Do not despise war, my young friend, nor delude yourself that mercy and compassion are virtues superior to andreia, to manly valor.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|A life of happiness, peace, and love is all within our grasp.
Avina Celeste|One of the bravest things you can do is take action towards your dreams. To overcome the fear that holds you back makes you so strong. Your mind will tell you no while your heart says yes and you have to choose which side you will fall on. Let your choice be to take action for the pursuit of your life goals. You may not succeed right away, but had you not taken action, you would never have succeeded anyway. Be brave.
Beverly L. Anderson, Stolen Innocence|Fuck normal.” [Varick] took [Kieran’s] crumpled wrapper and slowly straightened it out on the table. He began to fold it in half, then half again, and finally one last time in half, making a neat square. “Normal is a societal construct that is created by people. There is no consistency across civilizations or cultures. What is normal to one person is not normal to another. It once was normal to own slaves and be prejudiced against people of color like yourself. It was once normal to make women wear dresses and cover themselves. And long ago it was normal to cut off someone’s hand for stealing instead of putting them in jail. Eventually, all societal constructs fall to new ideas. Normal is one of them.” Kieran stared at him with his mouth slightly open. “Now, just fold up your silly wrapper like you want to.
f. scott fizgerald|We are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is our great glory, and our great tragedy.
Polly Horvath, My One Hundred Adventures|The library in summer is the most wonderful thing because there you get books on any subject and read them each for only as long as they hold your interest, abandoning any that don't, halfway or a quarter of the way through if you like, and store up all that knowledge in the happy corners of your mind for your own self and not to show off how much you know or spit it back at your teacher on a test paper.
Sunday Adelaja|When we access ourselves wrongly, we are mistaken about our abilities
Fahad Rashiq|If you can't Change yourself,Don't Hope that other Will.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|I thought of myself mixing the fragrance of a certain day – the heavy musk of the hillside after the rain with the lightness of fresh blossoms doused in the downpour. I thought of each little bottle as the essence of a happy day or a sad one. I mixed the scent of a lonely moment – sandalwood and bergamot lingering over a rich, peppery base.
Thomas Szasz|If you look at the history of our country over the last 100 years, there have been periods where science and research have been celebrated. They were really kind of held up as heroes in society, which encouraged a generation of people to go into these fields.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|When I was a kid, Granpa Portman's fantastic stories meant it was possible to live a magical life. Even after I stopped believing them, there was still something magical about my grandfather. To have endured all the horrors he did, to have seen the worst of humanity and to have your life made unrecognised by it, to come out of all that the honorable and good and brave person I knew him to be - THAT was magical.
Jana Elston|In the midst of compassion, we find ourselves. We discover our true purpose.
Dan Rhodes, Anthropology|-Paint-My girlfriend is so besotted that she can't take her eyes off me. After we've turned out the light she puts on her night-vision goggles, and watched me as I sleep. Quite often I am woken by her sighing and involuntary yelps of happiness. This has been going on for years, and is showing no sign of abating. Once I asked her to stop all this infra-red activity, but it didn't really work; I'd wake up to find her covering me in luminous paint, and softly whispering, 'Sometimes I wonder if you know how much I love you.
Chris  Cannon, Boomerang Boyfriend|My station has barely recovered from the massacre, and we have not held my formal coronation, not to mention the fact I am only eighteen years of age and have no parent present. How on earth do people expect me to find a husband in all of this nonsense?
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|They think they’re having such a good time,” he continued, whispering in her ear as he pulled out again. The two men didn’t seem to be in any hurry to move on that was for sure, standing on the wide path fronting the beach, having a loud, seemingly amusing conversation.“They’re wrong.” His hands squeezed her breasts as he slid home again, inch by slippery inch. “Nothing is as good as being inside you.
Stella Payton|Yes, it was dangerous, but we are not put into this world, Mr. Burton, to avoid danger when an important fellow creature's life is at stake. You understand me?
Stefan Molyneux|Truth has nothing to do with the conclusion, and everything to do with the methodology.
Daniel Goleman|Honestly, I'm interested in politics; I'm interested in giving back in some form, performing some sort of civic duty. But I'm not exploring a run for governor or senator or anything along those lines. I'm focused on running Disney.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Being a mother is not about ‘birthing a child into the world.’ Rather, it is about repeatedly ‘birthing into the child’ a steady sense of their inestimable worth, a prized understanding of their authentic self, a conviction that the impossible is largely the stuff of myth, and an utterly unwavering belief that cold actions of men never represent the warm heart of God. It is the relentless act of birthing these things into the innermost soul of a thirsty child that makes a woman a mother.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|The best literature is always a take [in the musical sense]; there is an implicit risk in its execution, a margin of danger that is the pleasure of the flight, of the love, carrying with it a tangible loss but also a total engagement that, on another level, lends the theater its unparalleled imperfection faced with the perfection of film.I don’t want to write anything but takes.
Robert W. Chambers, The Yellow King: The Complete Collection|Greetings, cybernuts! This is I.B. Nosey, your official unofficial reporter!
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|He knew that the best way to create value in the twenty-first century was to connect creativity with technology, so he built a company where leaps of the imagination were combined with remarkable feats of engineering.
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|There are sufficient resources in the world for the needs of everybody, but not enough for the greed of even a significant minority.
Ellen Connor, Daybreak|Goddammit, Pen!" Lightning lit him from behind. "That's not happening. And if you ever use magic on me again without my permission, we're done. You owe me a fucking apology for last time.
RZA|If you don't have the ambition to be the very best at what you do, then what's the point? If you aim for greatness but keep missing -- fine. At least you had the guts to aim. There's honour in failing that way. But there's nothing honourable about settling for mediocrity.
Colm Tóibín, The Master|But he also knew that, as much as he wanted to aid and console the soldier, he wanted to be alone in his room with the night coming down and a book close by and pen and paper and the knowledge that the door would remain shut until the morning came and he would ne be disturbed. The gap between these two desires filled him with sadness and awe at the mystery of the self, the mystery of having a single consciousness, knowing merely its own bare feelings and experiencing singly and alone it own pain or fear or pleasure or complacency.
Nancy  Baker, Magel's Daughter|I'm sorry to disturb you, madam,' said Nurse, 'but I thought I'd better speak to you. It's about Miss Delia's knickers' she continued, after a glance at the Vicar and a rapid decision that his cloth protected him. 'She really hasn't a pair fit to wear...
Desiree Williams, Illusionary|You, Faery Man, are wonderful.
JKJaiswal|No Animal is as long as longest Tree, No Tree is as high as highest Mountain, No Mountain is as big as the Sky,No Sky is as large as the Space,No Space is as big as the Universe, Who know's the list beyond..But one thing is certain, there is always a next level which exists!
Jacintha Topaz, Purr Scent I: The Meeting|That's what's so ironic about the conservative backlash against BDSMers. With increased visibility comes increased bigotry, and conservatives continue to rally against kinky events by local groups to get them shut down. What the anti-kink fanatics don't understand about us is that we're geeks. Sex nerds. SM intellectuals. We pay money to spend a weekend going to classes.
Adlai E. Stevenson|Though the names karma yoga and sannyasa are different, the truth at the heart of both is the same.
R.A.Delmonico|The human heart is deeply nuanced who can know it? Taming the heart involves trust. What do you trust in? The material world has less substance than most people realize. We are made of stuff but this stuff is something that cannot be regarded as real. In a very real sense, you are a collection of your choices.
John Carmack|The wise are instructed by reason, average minds by experience, the stupid by necessity and the brute by instinct.
Lewis Nordan, The All-Girl Football Team|She said, "Daddy thinks that all the world's magic is almost evolved out."I thought of Roebuck Lake, its swamps and sloughs and loblollies and breaks of cypress and cane, its sunken treetops and stobs and bream beds and sleepy gar rolling over and over and over, its baptizing pools and bridges and mussels and mosquitoes and turkey vultures and, now in the drought, the gray flaking mud-flats and logs crowded with turtles and sometimes a fat snake yawning its tame old cottony mouth like a well-fed dog in a pen.I said, "Is that what the freak show is?"She said, "Dirty miracles.
Rachel Sharp, A Word and A Bullet|Our lives are made up of many things, not just one. Many answers, not just one. It's men that want one answer for everything. They're always making laws, as though they could make one law that would be just in all cases. They can't. They never have. I think men get derailed, sometime during their growing up. Instead of settling for what's honest and real and sort of thoughtful, they go off on these quests. They go strutting and crowing, waving their weapons and shouting their battle cries. They say they're seeking something higher, but it always seems to end in pain, doesn't it?
Mark Twain, The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain|Though angels were easy to finds in cemeteries, she said that she didn't especially care for funereal angels and tombstone cherubs -- she wanted her angels among the living, not watching over the already dead -- and thus she scoured parks and gardens for the angels with whom, on some level, she wanted to commune.
A. Zavarelli, King's Kitten|Behave," Kurt said, and slapped her buttocks. "Didn't I tell you to be still? Your job is to focus on my will and let me use your body. It's here for my pleasure, remember?
Aldous Huxley, The Genius And The Goddess|It never dawned on us that life is unpredictable, that one day, one of us could suddenly cease to exist and what then? What would be the joy in having left so much unsaid? With what memories would we fill the empty silence?
Jerry Doyle|My ambition is to have beautiful encounters, not to make money.
Rainer Maria Rilke|The Apple Orchard Come let us watch the sun go downand walk in twilight through the orchard's green.Does it not seem as if we had for longcollected, saved and harbored within usold memories? To find releases and seeknew hopes, remembering half-forgotten joys,mingled with darkness coming from within,as we randomly voice our thoughts aloudwandering beneath these harvest-laden treesreminiscent of Durer woodcuts, brancheswhich, bent under the fully ripened fruit,wait patiently, trying to outlast, toserve another season's hundred days of toil,straining, uncomplaining, by not breakingbut succeeding, even though the burdenshould at times seem almost past endurance.Not to falter! Not to be found wanting!Thus must it be, when willingly you strivethroughout a long and uncomplaining life,committed to one goal: to give yourself!And silently to grow and to bear fruit.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The ongoing struggle to achieve a profound harmony between the deepest and most conflicting impulses of human beings instates the murkiness of my soul. The battle against the amorphousness of sin and depravity, and seeking unity and clarity, trace their origins to the primeval fire that launched humanity. This ancient warfare for control of the soul allows me to create myself. Because of the primordial inconsistences between ecstasy and reason, I am the repentant artist of my being. I am a beardless, sensuous, and androgynous sculptor, the redeemer and the transformer of my naked self.
Vincent van Gogh|Close friends are truly life's treasures. Sometimes they know us better than we know ourselves. With gentle honesty, they are there to guide and support us, to share our laughter and our tears. Their presence reminds us that we are never really alone.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Our culture sentimentalizes children, and we forget one of the things that we should most remember from that time of our lives: Children know that this world can be hard on them, harder than it is on adults. They are physically weaker than adults, financially dependent, and in times of danger, nothing clarifies our thinking more than an awareness of our extreme vulnerability.
Firas Alkhateeb, Lost Islamic History: Reclaiming Muslim Civilisation from the Past|The word 'algebra' derives from Al-Khawarizmi's book title "al-jabr", meaning "completion"; balancing both sides to find a solution
Wilkie Collins, The Law and the Lady|Only give a woman love, and there is nothing she will not venture, suffer, and do.
John C. Wright, Awake in the Night|Being indie means being artistic and finding your own eccentric identity. The name of the game for being an indie kid is to never admit you are one. If you do, it goes against your beliefs against labeling, thus making you a hypocrite.
Simeon Ngezahayo|I had a problem with commitment. I was afraid to proclaim that I had found Jesus, been saved, boarded the boat bound for eternal life. I figured it wasn't something I could announce one week and then a month or two later admit, "Oh yeah, sorry, people. That was my Jesus phase. I'm into transcendental meditation now.
Dada Bhagwan|There are so many things in this world. If we put it in short (succinctly), then what will remain? The ‘pure Soul’ and ‘circumstances’. Moreover, to disperse is the nature of circumstances. Therefore, the Pure Soul will not have to tell them to go away.
Charisse Spiers|Trying to erase, hide, discredit, degrade, and suppress a writer's work, merit, voice, and influence―is unconstitutional. Censorship only exists to protect corruption.
Haruki Murakami|(When asked “Was the model for Midori (a character in Norwegian Wood) modeled after your wife?”)I showed your message to my wife. She got mad and yelled: “What would make them think I was the model for Midori?!” She told me to fix the misunderstanding immediately, so that’s why I’m writing this reply now. Please stop causing problems in my household. Thank you.
A.A. Milne, Now We Are Six|Wherever I am, there's always Pooh,There's always Pooh and Me.Whatever I do, he wants to do,"Where are you going today?" says Pooh:"Well, that's very odd 'cos I was too.Let's go together," says Pooh, says he."Let's go together," says Pooh.
Victor Klemperer, The Language of the Third Reich: LTI--Lingua Tertii Imperii: A Philologist's Notebook|Because everyone uses language to talk, everyone thinks they can talk about language.
Roshan Sharma|We are so constituted that we believe the most incredible things; and, once they are engraved upon the memory, woe to him who would endeavour to efface them.
Werley Nortreus|In the beginning, there was the earth, formless and empty. Darkness hung over the surface of the deep. And then there was light. It spilled over the waters, vast and powerful, and its creation severed the unity that had come before. This light was a separate entity from the darkness. Something novel and cruelly different. The spirits called it “day.” Its opposite was called “night.” Between them was evening and morning—the First Day. This division marked the end of peace in the universe. Everything has been pretty much fucked up since then.
Ellen J. Barrier|If our reputation rests on the decisions we make, then Abishag has impeccable taste. If fragrance is worn to make a personal statement, then the unchosen Abishag has publicly proclaimed her allegiance. She has put on the scent of her lord, for her lord. She belongs to him. Every facet of her character proclaims rejection of other, so-called, 'shepherds.' Whether he chooses her, or not, she has chosen him.pg 36
George Packer|[O]nce demagogy and falsehoods become routine, there isn’t much for the political journalist to do except handicap the race and report on the candidate’s mood.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|I’m not flailing now, as my muscles are rigid with the tension of holding myself together. The pain over my heart returns, and from it I imagine tiny fissures spreading out into my body. Through my torso, down my arms and legs, over my face, leaving it crisscrossed with cracks. One good jolt … and I could shatter into strange, razor-sharp shards.
Carrie Preston|The script was just the best I'd read in a long time and I love the humor, which I wasn't expecting, and I like the fact that my six year old daughter can see the show without being, you know, protected from it.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Fourth Cosmic Seal:(Terrestrial Seal 1330 - Seal of Ba-Vara) One who has received this Cosmic Seal (Living Grand Master of the Order of Astral and Terrestrial Hierachy) is empowered to control not less than 100,000,000 spirits and 33,000,000 demi-gods.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|Maybe it was impossible. But maybe it wasn't. Like Vikus said, nothing would happen unless you hoped it could. If you had hope, maybe you could find the way to make things change. Because if you thought about it, there were so many reasons to try.
Darrell Calkins|Forgiveness is really about absolution: to set free. But if you look carefully at the dynamic, the one you’re setting free is yourself.
Gwen Cooper, Homer's Odyssey|An important United Nations environmental conference went past 6:00 in the evening when the interpreters' contracted working conditions said they could leave. They left, abandoning the delegates unable to talk to each other in their native languages. The French head of the committee, who had insisted on speaking only in French throughout the week suddenly demonstrated the ability to speak excellent English with English-speaking delegates.
Lionel Suggs|Why does truth carry such a dreadful face? Why does subjugation carry such a happy mask? It becomes sad when people understand that they can lead a better life as long as they bow their heads, ignoring the truth.
Sylvia Earle|One loves to possess arms, though they hope never to have occasion for them.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|I am convinced that love is the most durable power in the world. It is not an expression of impractical idealism, but of practical realism. Far from being the pious injunction of a Utopian dreamer, love is an absolute necessity for the survival of our civilization. To return hate for hate does nothing but intensify the existence of evil in the universe. Someone must have sense enough and morality enough to cut off the chain of hate and evil, and this can only be done through love.”— 	Martin Luther King Jr.
Peter Jenkins, Looking For Alaska|It was as if we'd only been gone the weekend. Or had we been gone a lifetime. Part of that was because when you've lived in Alaska, living in other places seems easier, less challenging, less threatening. Alaska had enlarged each of us. No one is ever the same after coming back from Alaska.
Brian  Doyle, The Plover|Part of me felt like I was throwing my life away, for a guy I barely knew. But I wasn’t just doing it for him. Since my parents died, I’d had absolutely no control over my life. If I really thought about it, maybe I’d given up control long before—that day in Oregon when I almost drowned. Since then, I’d always relied on others to take care of me. Maybe it was time to take my life back into my own hands… even if it meant growing fins.
Nathanael West|But nothing was said about chicken farming anymore. Once, long after it was too late for farming, he might catch her crying and pet her a bit. 'What's the matter, little baby? You got a fever? You want to take the night off?' She might murmur something about candling eggs, but he wouldn't be able to understand what she meant. And after a while she cried on without knowing what she meant either, as a girl cries over a bad dream long after the dream is forgotten.In time the tears dried. She could no longer cry over anything. All the tears had been shed, all the laughs had been had; all the long spent. Leaving nothing to do but to sit stupefied, night after night, under lights made soft beside music with a beat, to rise automatically when someone wearing pants pointed a finger and said 'that one there.
Alice Hoffman, The Rules of Magic|Blue must be worn for protection. Moonstones were useful in connecting with the living, topaz to contact the dead. Copper, sacred to Venus, will call a man to you, and black tourmaline will eliminate jealousy. When it came to love, you must always be careful. If you dropped something belonging to the man you loved into a candle flame, then added pine needles and marigold flowers, he would arrive on your doorstep by morning, so you would do well to be certain you wanted him there. The most basic and reliable love potion was made from anise, rosemary, honey, and cloves boiled for nine hours on the back burner of the old stove. It had always cost $9.99 and was therefore called Love Potion Number Nine, which worked best on the ninth hour of the ninth day of the ninth month.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|For reasons he couldn’t understand a sadness came over him and it was then he saw the girl standing on the other side of the dirt road, her eyes pools of absolute sorrow, her light brown hair glowing in the splinters of sunlight that forced their way through the trees.
Jesse Jackson|My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty.
Barry M. Goldwater, The Conscience of a Conservative|It is necessary to have “watchers” at hand who will bear witness to the values of Tradition in ever more uncompromising and firm ways, as the anti-traditional forces grow in strength. Even though these values cannot be achieved, it does not mean that they amount to mere “ideas.” These are MEASURES…. Let people of our time talk about these things with condescension as if they were anachronistic and anti-historical; we know that this is an alibi for their defeat. Let us leave modern men to their “truths” and let us only be concerned about one thing: to keep standing amid a world of ruins.
Quentin R. Bufogle|Atheists are spiritual slackers, right? We are the stoners of the cosmos. We think we’re all over-intelligent, free-thinking, free-spirited, uber-cool, hippy-dippy, science-minded, leaning-to-the-left, hedonistic, children of Theodorus the Atheist. We’re all like “Dude, I don’t need no stinkin’ deity” and if we came face-to-face with the Grim Reaper himself we’d say, “No worries, Bro, let’s do this! Game over!
Sandranil Biswas|Don't try to make yourself marketable, you'll be surprised to see yourself at the bottom. Stay incognito, and people will peruse the whole world looking for you, by that time, you'll be at the top.
Charles Sanders Peirce|Upon this first, and in one sense this sole, rule of reason, that in order to learn you must desire to learn, and in so desiring not be satisfied with what you already incline to think, there follows one corollary which itself deserves to be inscribed upon every wall of the city of philosophy: Do not block the way of inquiry.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|Feelings are like blankets, covering you up so you can't see clearly, or like mazes you can too easily get lost inside. I am terrified of getting lost.
Caitlin Doughty, Smoke Gets in Your Eyes: And Other Lessons from the Crematory|Only the dead, can speak about their world.
Mensah Oteh|Your external world is a mirror of your internal world, and if you can discipline yourself to change your thoughts, your external world will change.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground|I tell you solemnly, that I have many times tried to become an insect. But I was not equal even to that. I swear, gentlemen, that to be too conscious is an illness- a real thorough-going illness.
Phillip Cary, Good News for Anxious Christians: Ten Practical Things You Don't Have to Do|If we fail to provide boys with pro-social models of the transition to adulthood, they may construct their own. In some cases, gang initiation rituals, street racing, and random violence may be the result.
Clare Boylan|He looks out the window at the falling snow, then turns and takes his wife in his arms, feeling grateful to be here even as he wonders what he is going to do with his life in strictly practical terms. For years he had trained himself to do one thing, and he did it well, but he doesn't know whether he wants to keep doing it for the rest of his life, for that matter, whether anyone will let him. He is still worrying when they go to bed.Feeling his wife's head nesting in the pillow below his shoulder, he is almost certain that they will find ways to manage. They've been learning to get by with less, and they'll keep learning. It seems to him as if they're taking a course in loss lately. And as he feels himself falling asleep he has an insight he believes is important, which he hopes he will remember in the morning, although it is one of those thoughts that seldom survive translation to the language of daylight hours: knowing that whatever plenty befalls them together or separately in the future, they will become more and more intimate with loss as the years accumulate, friends dying or slipping away undramatically into the crowded past, memory itself finally flickering and growing treacherous toward the end; knowing that even the children who may be in their future will eventually school them in the pain of growth and separation, as their own parents and mentors die off and leave them alone in the world, shivering at the dark threshold.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Feelings and emotions as well as thoughts and opinions are evanescent; they change over time because they reflect our transient being. Feelings and emotions are judgments that spring from the hidden source of the unconscious mind, and only take on power whenever the conscious mind acknowledges them, and then chooses to convey an idea in some format that shares the rhythm of a person’s own being with another person. Unuttered thoughts and inexpressible feelings experience a short half-life. Without proper nourishment, voiceless thoughts wither and indefinable feelings wane. Lucid thoughts and inexpressible feelings form imperceptible currents that propel us along in our inimitable journey exploring the tributaries of the stream of life.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|So now I get the scepter?" Jason 
Sara Sheridan|We're so young. We can't, we MUST not loose this sense of possibility because in the end, it's all we have.
Tudor Chirilă, Exerciţii de echilibru|In definitiv, cu cat vei ridica un zid mai inalt in jurul tau cu atat va fi mai bun cel care-l va sari.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Emotion goes inside-out. Emotional contagion, though, suggests that the opposite is also true. If I can make you smile, I can make you happy. If I can make you frown, I can make you sad. Emotion, in this sense, goes outside-in.
Virginia Brown, Dark River Road|Biographer diagnoses reaction to restriction as a tell of true character. Some use even prison as a time of reflection and planning. Others, like Churchill, quickly chafe at missing interaction and opportunity.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|Christian spirituality was not a children's story. It wasn't cute or neat. It was mystical and odd and clean, and it was reaching into dirty. There was wonder in it and enchantment.
Kate Adie|I remember a moment when the Prince went back to his old school, Grammar School in Melbourne, and slightly to his horror his old music teacher produced a cello.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|When one opens a book, one should also open one's mind.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|...nothing is more dangerous than solitude: there our imagination, always disposed to rise, taking a new flight on the wings of fancy, pictures to us a chain of beings of whom we seem the most inferior. All things appear greater than they really are, and all seem superior to us. This operation of the mind is quite natural: we so continually feel our own imperfections, and fancy we perceive in others the qualities we do not possess, attributing to them also all that we enjoy ourselves, that by this process we form the idea of a perfect, happy man,—a man, however, who only exists in our own imagination.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|Keep your friends for friendship, but work with the skilled and competent
Steve Maraboli|The truth of who you are and what you believe is projected in your behavior. Everything else, either positive or negative, is a mix of stories, lies, delusions, and manipulations.
Ruben Hinojosa|All of us are born for a reason, but all of us don't discover why. Success in life has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.
Margaret Way, A Lesson in Loving|I know essentially you're some kind of enchantress. Maybe you're still serving your apprenticeship, but you're an enchantress all right. Probably I'd get used to you in time. Right now, it's only my demonic will that's keeping me playing it mighty cool.
Roshan Sharma|Move deep in your sensation, and you will realize the spirit in the body. Your life is possible only because of the spirit. The spirit is your power in the body.
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|In your dread of dictators you established a state of society in which every ward boss is a dictator, every financier a dictator, every private employer a dictator, all with the livelihood of the workers at their mercy, and no public responsibility. And to symbolize this state of things, this defeat of all government, you have set up in New York Harbour a monstrous idol which you call Liberty. The only thing that remains to complete this monument is to put on its pedestal the inscription written by Dante on the gate of Hell ‘All hope abandon, ye who enter here.
Tare Munzara|God commands both individuals and the society in which they live to be generous and always take care of the poor. In such a community, shalom has a chance to thrive. In such a community, God will actually be glad to assign his name and dwell.
Bernie Sanders|The very essence of literature is the war between emotion and intellect, between life and death. When literature becomes too intellectual - when it begins to ignore the passions, the emotions - it becomes sterile, silly, and actually without substance.
Ernst Jünger, Storm of Steel|We had come from lecture halls, school desks and factory workbenches, and over the brief weeks of training, we had bonded together into one large and enthusiastic group. Grown up in an age of security, we shared a yearning for danger, for the experience of the extraordinary. We were enraptured by war.
Walter Kirn|Just like in rugby, the pinnacle was playing for the All Blacks. That was always a massive thing. But you never speak it outwardly because it can sound stupid. But if you don't have massive dreams, you might as well stay in bed.
Barbara Delinsky, Escape|What she did have, after raising two children, was the equivalent of a PhD in mothering and my undying respect.
Shannon L. Alder|There comes a time in your life when you can no longer put off choosing. You have to choose one path or the other. You can live safe and be protected by people just like you, or you can stand up and be a leader for what is right. Always, remember this: People never remember the crowd; they remember the one person that had the courage to say and do what no one would do.
David Richo|When we feel unsafe with someone and still stay with him, we damage our ability to discern trustworthiness in those we will meet in the future.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|To know what's in my food means to prepare a gun, to know what I drink means to go and put ammo in the gun after cleaning it and finding it and to as last just to push the trigger and look... I'm dead. I'm now just watching my body!
Compton Gage|Go thy way, weigh me the weight of the fire, or measure me the blast of the wind, or call me again the day that is past.
Gerard Butler|Lilliet Berne, La Generale, newly returned to Paris after a year spent away, the Falcon soprano whose voice was so delicate it was rumored she endangered it even by speaking, her silences as famous as her performances.
Jillian Lauren, Some Girls: My Life in a Harem|Before that experience, I had often felt the kind of alone that comes from the suspicion that you are not only genetically different from those around you, but different in your very soul...[then] I was a different kind of alone. I was alone and ashamed of myself...it was no one's fault but mine.
Michael Hogan, Winter Solstice|Sometimes we know people who aretoo wonderful for words. I am not one of them.Or you, for that matter, as you well know.
John le Carré, The Russia House|But we were talking about me and my problems."Sophronia looked Monique up and down gravely."I don't think we're going to solve those in the space of one carriage ride.
L.M. Browning, Ruminations at Twilight: Poetry Exploring the Sacred|The cure for our modern maladies is dirt under the fingernails and the feel of thick grass between the toes. The cure for our listlessness is to be out within the invigorating wind. The cure for our uselessness is to take back up our stewardship; for it is not that there has been no work to be done, we simply have not been attending to it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With a good music and a good dance, you enhance your physical, emotional, spiritual and mental well-being.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|She was in a terrible marriage and she couldn't talk to anyone. He used to hit her, and in the beginning she told him that if it ever happened again, she would leave him. He swore that it wouldn't and she believed him. But it only got worse after that, like when his dinner was cold, or when she mentioned that she'd visited with one of the neighbors who was walking by with his dog. She just chatted with him, but that night, her husband threw her into a mirror.
Harold Bell Wright, That Printer of Udell's|This was the beginning. The end is easily foreseen; for, given a young man of Dick's temperament, longingfor companionship, and another young man of Charlie's make−up, with a legitimate business to bring the twotogether, and only a friendship of the David and Jonathan order could result.
Joaquin Phoenix|It was stumbling on to really the bible of the blues, you know, and a very powerful drug to be introduced to us and I absorbed it totally, and it changed my complete outlook on music.
Catrice M. Jackson|If your brand isn't visible, it won't be viable.
Eric S. Raymond|We've stayed really normal and down to Earth I think, and haven't let the success thing go to our head.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no friendship, without forgiveness.
Immanuel Kant|She shook her head. "It sounds suspiciously like Nirvana." "What's wrong with that?" "Pure Spirit, one hundred percent proof—that's a drink that only the most hardened contemplation guzzlers indulge in. Bodhisattvas dilute their Nirvana with equal parts of love and work." "This is better," Will insisted. "You mean, it's more delicious. That's why it's such an enormous temptation. The only temptation that God could succumb to. The fruit of the ignorance of good and evil. What heavenly lusciousness, what a supermango! God had been stuffing Himself with it for billions of years. Then all of a sudden, up comes Homo sapiens, out pops the knowledge of good and evil. God had to switch to a much less palatable brand of fruit. You've just eaten a slice of the original supermango, so you can sympathize with Him." A chair creaked, there was a rustle of skirts, then a series of small busy sounds that he was unable to interpret. What was she doing? He could have answered that question by simply opening his eyes. But who cared, after all, what she might be doing? Nothing was of any importance except this blazing uprush of bliss and understanding. "Supermango to fruit of knowledge — I'm going to wean you," she said, "by easy stages.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|For pure will, unassuaged of purpose, delivered from the lust of result, is every way perfect.
niki_g|My breath caught fire and my heart leapt infinite beats within his proximity."Wreck me, tame me. The way you want it." I whispered my plea.His foggy grey eyes glinted with desire and lust. "I will". The two words were my end as well as the beginning of something new and insurmountable between us.
Tommy Lee Jones|Inspiring scenes of people taking the future of their countries into their own hands will ignite greater demands for good governance and political reform elsewhere in the world, including in Asia and in Africa.
David Perlmutter|Everything teeters between pathos and bathos: here you are, violating society's most fundamental taboos and yet formaldehyde is a powerful appetite stimulant, so you also crave a burrito.
Saru Singhal|you brought other people close. look at me, i am still the same i was before ; having just two best friends in my case.and you are not happy with me. you hold grudges. So then free yourself. Remove this tag of best friend and feel free.
Nobuhiro Watsuki|In the world of old memories, there's room for visitors
Ruth Downie, Semper Fidelis|But, when she was alone, someone rapped on the door and she found herself on her feet, knife in hand, before she had time to reason with her fear.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|In the art and act of mastering, a mistake is a common thing, but it must always shape something and it must always give a distinctive reason for action!
Anthony T. Hincks|See me for who I am, and then you'll see the real me.
Dean Ornish|By eating many fruits and vegetables in place of fast food and junk food, people could avoid obesity.
Tyler Perry|The way Moore's Law occurs in computing is really unprecedented in other walks of life. If the Boeing 747 obeyed Moore's Law, it would travel a million miles an hour, it would be shrunken down in size, and a trip to New York would cost about five dollars. Those enormous changes just aren't part of our everyday experience.
Jeanette Winterson, The Daylight Gate|I have ridden out all the storms,” said Shakespeare, “even the ones I wrote myself. Here, look, it begins…
Calvin Coolidge|When we recall Christmas past, we usually find that the simplest things - not the great occasions - give off the greatest glow of happiness.
D.W. Gregory|My lying is a second skin by now, so easy to forget it's there, so I don't always remember that lying is actually an art, and those who aren't meticulous about it are easily exposed.
William Weld|Let every man and woman count himself immortal. Let him catch the revelation of Jesus in his resurrection. Let him say not merely, 'Christ is risen,' but 'I shall rise.'
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|The true measure of a best friend is where they are when you “make” the biggest decision of your life, not where they were during the decision process.
Maryann Austin|Race relations never improve in war time; they always worsen. And it is when the boys come home the Ku Klux Klans are organized. I believe with George Schuyler that the only really feasible way to improve the general situation of the American Negro is to convince more and more whites that he is, as men go in this world, a decent fellow, and that amicable living with him is not only possible but desirable. Every threat of mass political pressure, every appeal to political mountebanks, only alarms the white brother, and so postpones the day of reasonable justice.
Clarissa Clemens|To withstand the nothing, it really takes everything.But it can also take just one thing: a heartbeat in truth beside you; when the mask has been removed.(Soar)
Valentine Glass, Between Kay and You: A Bisexual Girl's Cumming-of-Age Confession|Mr. Poyser had no reason to be ashamed of his leg, and suspected that the growing abuse of top-boots and other fashions tending to disguise the nether limbs had their origin in a pitiable degeneracy of the human calf.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is no end to the hatred in men, but there is an end to the hatred in a man. If your hatred is just, and deeds will get you to the end of it, then go and do what must be done.
Henry de Montherlant, Les jeunes filles|I have heard it said that one loses a woman by loving her too much, that an affectation of coldness, from time to time, brings better results. And so on. I shall play no such tricks with you … Let love be truly love—that is, let it be peace—or let it not exist at all.
William Shakespeare, King Henry IV, Part 1|It is too ordinary for us to think we are too ordinary. It is too unwise for us to think we are too wise. It is too sinful for us to think we are too sinful beyond pardon. It would be too unrighteous for us to think we are too righteous. There is always something we may think about, but let us think about something!
Morrissey|I have forgiven Jesus for all of the love he placed in me, when there's no one I can turn to with this love.
John Walsh|The best career advice to give to the young is, 'Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it.'
Mark Strand, Selected Poems|Even this late it happens:the coming of love, the coming of light.
Tom Baker|I was playing Rasputin and what was motivating him was crumpet really, and I was extremely keen on crumpet so I was really rather good as Rasputin. And my next catastrophic failure was Macbeth, who I played in the style of a crumpet-lover, and then when Doctor Who came along, I embraced this lunacy, this cloud-cuckoo-land where people had to be convinced by absolute nonsense. I came from a very religious background, so it was easy for me to believe in something I knew nothing about.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|We can only feel sorry for ourselves when our misfortunes are still supportable. Once this limit is crossed, the only way to bear the unbearable is to laugh at it.
Ninya Tippett, The Mischievous Mrs. Maxfield|One side love is just like a never ending pain..we can't come out from this pain with time too and we can't blame anyone for this pain because this is our own mistake..why we attach with someone emotionally..even one side love is also not less than True Love..just give the full respect to your love..may be your love one has some own issues..death is the end of this pain.because once you find it,it can never be replaced...a big respect for those who died in Love..
Elan Mastai, All Our Wrong Todays|I remember, as a kid, when I first understood that only half of every tree is visible, that the roots in the soil are equal to the branches in the sky, that a whole other half is underground. It took me a lot longer, well into adulthood, to realize people are like that too.
Christian D. Larson|The desire to criticise becomes less and less as the character is developed. It is the mark of a ﬁne character never to be critical and to mention but rarely the faults of others. A strong character does not resist evil, but uses their strength in building the good. They know that when the light is made strong, the darkness will disappear of itself.
Felix Salten, Bambi's Children|Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names the streets after them.
Theodor W. Adorno|The only philosophy that can be practiced responsibly in the face of despair is the attempt to contemplate all things as they would present themselves from the standpoint of redemption. Knowledge has no light but that shed on the world by redemption: all else is reconstruction, mere technique. Perspectives must be fashioned that displace and estrange the world, that reveal its fissures and crevices, as indigent and distorted as it will one day appear in the Messianic light.
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|Proclaim your pride and bitterness loudly to the world, but to me speak softly, and tell me simply that she doesn't love you.
Cindy Vine, C U @ 8|I always hear parents talking about how outraged they are because their kid saw a boob or something like that on TV. I never hear anyone say that they're outraged because a cartoon character in a commercial that aired during a children's television program told them it was healthy to eat a bowl of chocolate and marshmallows for breakfast. If I had kids, I'd be outraged about that.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|You don’t know what you miss. A woman’s body is like whipped cream, so delicate and delicious it will melt in your mouth.
D. Whish Wilson|The idea that any of their offspring could possibly be accused of involvement in criminal activities caused deep offence, even to parents who believed that property was theft.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Love has no culture, boundaries, race and religion. It is pure and beautiful like early morning sunrise falling in lake.
John Lanchester, Capital|On the opposite wall was a Damien Hirst spot painting, bought by Arabella after a decent bonus season. Roger's considered view of the painting, looking at it from aesthetic, art-historical, interior-design, and psychological points of view, was that it had cost forty-seven thousand pounds, plus VAT.
Oswald Spengler, The Decline of the West, Vol 1: Form and Actuality|I maintain, then, that scientific psychology (and, it may be added, the psychology of the same kind that we all unconsciously practise when we try to "figure to ourselves" the stirrings of our own or others' souls) has, in its inability to discover or even to approach the essence of the soul, simply added one more to the symbols that collectively make up the Macrocosm of the culture-man. Like everything else that is no longer becoming but become, it has put a mechanism in place of an organism. We miss in its picture that which fills our feeling of life (and should surely be " soul " if anything is) the Destiny-quality, the necessary directedness of existence, the possibility that life in its course actualizes. I do not believe that the word "Destiny" figures in any psychological system whatsoever — and we know that nothing in the world could be more remote from actual life-experience and knowledge of men than a system without such elements. Associations, apperceptions, affections, motives, thought, feeling, will — all are dead mechanisms, the mere topography of which constitutes the insignificant total of our "soul-science." One looked for Life and one found an ornamental pattern of notions. And the soul remained what it was, something that could neither be thought nor represented, the secret, the ever-becoming, the pure experience.
Virginia Woolf|How readily our thoughts swarm upon a new object, lifting it a little way, as ants carry a blade of straw so feverishly, and then leave it.
Mitch Hedberg|Engineers are behind the cars we drive, the pills we pop and the way we power our homes.
Amit Kalantri|Customers loves certainty, make sure you give it to them.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|. . . the humblest, and at the same time most balanced and capacious, praised most, while the crank, misfits and malcontents praised least.
Jodi Lynn Anderson|I wonder that if you keep growing and changing like you're supposed to, if you always end up embarrassed about how stupid you used to be. Every year I realize how dumb I was the year before.
Jonathan Franzen, Freedom|People care about animals. I believe that. They just don’t want to know or to pay. A fourth of all chickens have stress fractures. It’s wrong. They’re packed body to body, and can’t escape their waste, and never see the sun. Their nails grow around the bars of their cages. It’s wrong. They feel their slaughters. It’s wrong, and people know it’s wrong. They don’t have to be convinced. They just have to act differently. I’m not better than anyone, and I’m not trying to convince people to live by my standards of what’s right. I’m trying to convince them to live by their own.
Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace|In the Bible, the opposite of Sin, with a capital 'S,' is not virtue - it's faith: faith in a God who draws all to himself in his resurrection.
Jim DeMint|Being as it was one of my dreams to sing with one of the world's greatest groups, for me to join 'The Temptations' was a great blessing.
Auliq Ice|Do what you will, but never out of fear.
Rick Riordan, The Serpent's Shadow|A weapon, I told Horus. I need a weapon.I reached into the Duat and pulled out an ostrich feather.“Really?” I yelled.Horus didn’t answer
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|Whether in private debate or in public, any attempt I made to explain how the Black Muslim movement came about, and how it has achieved such force, was met with a blankness that revealed the little connection that the liberals' attitudes have with their perceptions or their lives, or even their knowledge—revealed, in fact, that they could deal with the Negro as a symbol or a victim but had no sense of him as a man.
Robert Graves, Goodbye to All That|England looked strange to us returned soldiers. We could not understand the war-madness that ran wild everywhere, looking for a pseudo-military outlet. The civilians talked a foreign language. I found serious conversation with my parents all but impossible.
P.J. Hetherhouse, Tales of the Zodiac - The Goat's Tale|He then reaches a new low. Without warning, he is suddenly set upon by a bear.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|Stately and commanding, the house I found on Sacramento Street, in Lower Pacific Heights, was an architectural jewel; tour buses drove down the street several times a day and the guides pointed out our Victorian “painted lady” not just for its curb appeal but also for its lucky survival of the earthquake. Meticulously renovated, the house had a layout that I was sure would work perfectly: a three-room suite on the lower level with a bathroom and laundry room for my mother, living space on the next level, and, on the top floor, bedrooms for Zoë and me. The master bedroom was large enough to double as my office. Moreover, it seemed symbolic that we should find a three-story nineteenth-century Victorian, whose original intention was to house multiple generations. My mother couldn’t have been more pleased. She started calling our experiment “our year in Provence.” In the face of naysayers, I chose to embrace the reaction of a friend who was living in Beijing: “How Chinese of you!” she said upon hearing the news. When I told my mother, she was delighted. “What have the Chinese got on us?” she declared. And I agreed. The Chinese revere their elderly. If they could live happily with multiple generations under one roof, so could we.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Cities also believe they are the work of the mind or of chance, but neither the one nor the other suffices to hold up their walls. You take delight not in a city's seven or seventy wonders, but in the answer it gives to a question of yours. or to the question it asks you, forcing you to answer, like Thebes through the mouth of the Sphinx.
Syed Arshad, If It's Not Love|If you don’t walk according to the Word of God, then you are on the way that leads to self-destruction
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|The world looks different through a smiling face and a crying face, you know? That is, if you have the power to smile through difficult times, then you have nothing to fear. Even hell becomes heaven for you.
Brittainy C. Cherry, The Fire Between High & Lo|Maybe the point of life is to teach us that we aren’t always going to be our past mistakes. Maybe the point of life is to open ourselves up to the things that we fear most—like love.Maybe the whole point of my life was to simply find you, even if it wasn’t meant to be forever.And that thought alone is enough to get me through each night of loneliness.
Kenneth Rexroth, The Love Poems of Marichiko|Making love with you Is like drinking sea water. The more I drink The thirstier I become, Until nothing can slake my thirst But to drink the entire sea.
Ina Catrinescu|I look forward to the day when business is less about being busy and more about being of service. When Houses of Cards, become Houses of Hearts. We can no longer afford to squander our passion on cold economics. It is time to reclaim our most valuable commodity and devote it to what’s right. Devote it to concern & creation. To meaningful encounters & purpose-bound experiences. May we no longer do business, but build places of thriving instead; ruled by one truth only ~ the wisdom of our hearts.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Maybe what I need to be rescued from is the feeling that I don’t need to be rescued, for without a doubt this is the most difficult rescue of all.
Mary Roach, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal|During World War II, when combat rations were tinned, meat hashes were a common entrée because they worked well with the filling machines. “But the men wanted something they could chew, something into which they could ‘sink their teeth,’” wrote food scientist Samuel Lepkovsky in a 1964 paper making the case against a liquid diet for the Gemini astronauts. He summed up the soldiers’ take on potted meat: “We could undoubtedly survive on these rations a lot longer than we’d care to live.” (NASA went ahead and tested an all-milkshake meal plan on groups of college students living in a simulated space capsule at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in 1964. A significant portion of it ended up beneath the floorboards.)
Grant Morrison, Flex Mentallo, Man of Muscle Mystery|My optimism? Where I grew up our principal cultural expression was the funeral. Whatever keeps me going, it isn't optimism.
MaryJanice Davidson|Beside the brand-ambassador elements of the modern racing driver, the evolution of the athlete has mandated that as drivers, we are very committed to fitness.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|The single thing all women need in the world is inspiration, and inspiration comes from storytelling.
C. JoyBell C.|It's easy to get carried away in the search for “experience.” I think that people boast of “experience” as if all experience is good. The whole world will tell you that all mistakes are good and all experiences are worthwhile. Nevertheless, I believe in an equilibrium. I always say “throw yourself out there” but at the same time, I want to tell you, that there are so many experiences in life that you’re better off not experiencing. Experience is not always a positive thing, it can affect a person in such a way that it is like finding a tulip trampled under foot, run over by bicycles and spit on. And then the tulip is set on a windowsill for sale with a sign that says “I have had so much experience, that’s why I’m more expensive.” But the truth is, there’s nothing wrong with being that tulip in the field, untouched and caressed by moonlight. Yes, we have the choice to make mistakes, but we also have the choice to choose what things we allow in to make marks upon our lives. It is okay to be untouched by darkness.
Ellen Willis|DOGMA: a political belief one is unreasonably committed to, such as the notion that freedom is good and slavery is bad.BIAS: predeliction for a particular dogma. For example, the feminist bias is that women are equal to men and the male chauvinist bias is that women are inferior. The unbiased view is that the truth lies somewhere in between.(an early comment on backlash, from "Glossary for the Eighties")
Mia Hamm|Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The universe is continuously creating, maintaining and destroying to create, maintain and destroy!!!! Be with the flow, know what you have to continuously create, maintain and then destroy!!!!
Eric Liddell|The strong one doesn't win, the one that wins is strong.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I'm not afraid of dying, I'm afraid of not living."-Jared Alexander
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|When you are trapped in a cage with broken wings, freedom can seem like a faraway deeply buried treasure. But it is always within reach.
Joe Hill, Locke & Key, Vol. 3: Crown of Shadows|Don't ever have children, Tyler, unless you're ready to be afraid everyday for the rest of your life.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Sometimes we believe it is truth, not because it is truth but because it has been made truth by law or tradition. Some of those truths are nothing but dogmatized myths
John Steinbeck, The Log from the Sea of Cortez|Once Ed said to me, "For a very long time I didn't like myself." It was not said in self-pity but simply as an unfortunate fact. "It was a very difficult time," he said, "and very painful. I did not like myself for a number of reasons, some of them valid and some of them pure fancy. I would hate to have to go back to that. Then gradually," he said, "I discovered with surprise and pleasure that a number of people did like me. And I thought, if they can like me, why cannot I like myself? Just thinking it did not do it, but slowly I learned to like myself and then it was all right." This was not said in self-love in its bad connotation but in self-knowledge. He meant literally that he had learned to accept and like the person "Ed" as he liked other people. It gave him a great advantage. Most people do not like themselves at all. They distrust themselves, put on masks and pomposities. They quarrel and boast and pretend and are jealous because they do not like themselves. But mostly they do not even know themselves well enough to form a true liking. They cannot see themselves well enough to form a true liking, and since we automatically fear and dislike strangers, we fear and dislike our stranger-selves.
W. Kamau Bell, The Awkward Thoughts of W. Kamau Bell: Tales of a 6' 4", African American, Heterosexual, Cisgender, Left-Leaning, Asthmatic, Black and Proud Blerd, Mama's Boy, Dad, and Stand-Up Comedian|When art sets racism in the past, no matter how good it is, it allows white people in the audience (and others) to say to themselves "Wow! That racism sure was bad way back then!" It's what happens when people go see 12 Years a Slave. My response is always, "Yeah, you wanna know another time when racism was bad? Earlier today.
Kate Rooper|She comes closer to me. She is beautiful, in the way lightning striking across a storm-swept sky is beautiful: dangerous and distant.
Denis Markell, Click Here to Start|Wait. Is a real, live adult person actually asking me details about the games I play? This is unheard of.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music.
Deyth Banger|The porn isn't something interesting, you don't have pleasure even to get pleasure it really sucks to have realationship so far most of them end very earlier. To watch porn is useless, what you do it is making pervert thoughts about stuff which are brutal and aren't the way should it be made!
Robert Fripp|Be greedy for social change, and your life will be endlessly enriched. The only failure lies in not trying, or giving up.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|Those questions you have? Whether he's the one, whether you feel about him the way you should, or whether the relationship is going okay? When you're not sure whether you're in love with someone or not, the answer is not.
Michelle Franklin, I Hate Summer: My tribulations with seasonal depression, anxiety, plumbers, spiders, neighbours, and the world.|In my desperation to try to lull myself into a gentle sloom, I have created a list of things that will often assist my descent into delicious treacle-sleep. The list includes a series of things I can do if I go to bed and wake up early, and includes things like playing games and reading books, but one item that continually seems to work is telling myself:The faster I go to sleep, the faster I can have cookies for breakfast.This idea might seem rudimentary, but it staves off the sulks long enough that I can find a few hours of sleep, even on the hottest of days. If only Biscuit Power worked for other insomniacs, cookies might save humanity from itself.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Grace for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|Guilt addresses an external action while shame attacks the internal character!" EL
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To realize your potential you must look beyond the end of yourself, realizing that where you end is most likely where you actually begin.
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|I am never taking a trip with either of you ever again.' Eve said. 'Ever.'Excellent' Shane said. 'Then next trip, we hit the strip bar.'I have a gun, Shane,' Eve sighed.What, you think i actually loaded yours?'Eve flipped him off, and Claire laughed.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone.Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.
Thor Odinson|Your Ancestors Called it Magic, but You Call it Science. I Come From a Land Where They Are One and the Same.
Prechard Mhako|What no one really talks about, though, is the main reason many of us fail with our weight loss efforts: our minds won't let us.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|New York had saved him, in a very real way. It had pushed and prodded him with its impatient and sharp fingers, reminding him on a daily basis during that jittery first year that it didn't really give a goddamn whether he sank or swam. He liked its selfishness and its generosity and its propensity for flipping the bird to the rest of the world.
Oscar Wilde, The Happy Prince and Other Tales|Travel improves the mind wonderfully, and does away with all one’s prejudices.
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|I understand it, but I don't like it. I wish we could all be together like before: best friends, not heartbroken strangers.
Bodil Malmsten, Sista boken från Finistère|On growing peonies:The fact that a flower as gentle and delightful as the peony should be so exacting and dictate such harsh terms hits me with the force of a cold shower. It's just like my girlfriends when I was a teenager, it was always the loveliest and most yielding ones who ran everything...[and] According to the English gardening book, peonies are so fussy that you might as well not bother. You'd need to go back generations to discover the composition of the soil, you'd have to go right back to the Big Bang to find out how the elements are distributed in your garden.
Gong Li|The priests are debarred from female society, nor is any woman permitted to enter the religious houses.
Shannon L. Alder|In improv there are no mistakes, only beautiful happy accidents. And many of the world’s greatest discoveries have been by accident.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|Depression isn't a war you win. It's a battle you fight every day. You never stop, never get to rest. It's one bloody fray after another.
David Louden, Bone Idol [bohn ahydl]|Mama and I sat on a burping bus full of chickens in cages, and round-eyed babies on round mothers' laps. (The Pinata-Maker's Daughter)
David Isay, StoryCorps: Outloud|I didn't give you this life, honey. They took to you because of who you are. You gave yourself this life.
John Fowles, The Collector|the calling of the teacher. There is no craft more privileged. To awaken in another human being powers, dreams beyond one’s own; to induce in others a love for that which one loves; to make of one’s inward present their future; that is a threefold adventure like no other.
Pauline Phillips|To avoid entangling alliances has been a maxim of our policy ever since the days of Washington, and its wisdom no one will attempt to dispute.
Kim Kardashian|I see ridiculous stories about my butt, like how it has been insured. I feel like saying, "Hey, everyone has a butt. It's not that big a deal!" But I suppose it's flattering. Personally, I've always loved the curvy look. Even when I was a little girl and all my friends would be like, "Oh, my god, your butt's so big." And I'd say, "I love it.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|This life is like a roller-coaster; once you are strapped-in and the ride has started, you aren't getting off.
Dylan Lauren|If you go back in American history, oysters were the food of poor people. New York was filled with oyster saloons in the 1800s.
Christopher Hitchens|The lack of insight to reality, life and history as well as into God's ways, or sunan in His creation, some people will continue to seek or demand the impossible. They will imagine what does not or cannot happen, misunderstand occurrences and events, and interpret them on the basis of cherished illusions which in no way reflect God's sunan or the essence of Islamic law.
Yvette R. Dempster, The Adoption: Whose You Are = Who You Are|When God hears us worshipping Him, that alone makes Him feel worthwhile to be God!
Debasish Mridha|Sit on a cliff and look at the ocean. In the ocean of life, you are a bubble, but you have the power to appreciate the greatness, vastness, and beauty of her. Because you came, sit next to the ocean and enjoy the beauty and appreciate the vast, great, and creative power. She is dancing with joy. You may not know that she is watching you, but she knows you are watching her.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|Corporate & personal branding both require storytelling to be captivating. Stories provide context, meaning & the opportunity for relationship.
Collette West, Perfect Game|For what it’s worth”—he rose from his seat, moved around the table and bent over her, whispering in her ear as he pressed a kiss to her cheek— “I like you better in a pair of worn jeans, and I think you deserve someone who appreciates what he’s got. Not someone out to have a good time.
W. Bruce Cameron|I have repeatedly called for residency programs for teachers, like those you see in the medical profession, to ensure our educators have the training and knowledge to succeed in their classrooms and in their careers.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Transformation can come in the mysterious guise of shape-shifting, or through a simple change of mind
Robert Macfarlane, Landmarks|What we bloodlessy call 'place' is to young children a wild compound of dream, spell and substance: place is somewhere they are always 'in', never 'on'.
P.K. Hrezo, Butterman (Time) Travel, Inc.|Besides, taking a chance on romance is a dance in tight pants. It's risky but frisky. But make the right move and your in the groove.
Megan Lindholm, The Inheritance|The only magic that's left in the world right now is the magic that we make ourselves, deliberately. You're not going to stumble over enchantment by chance. You have to be open to it, looking for it, and when you first think you might have glimpsed it, you have to will it into your life with every machination available to you.
M.A. George|Men…” I huffed. “No guts, no glory…Do you guys stop to consider the insanity of all of it, or do you just charge ahead without a second thought?”“This from the woman who would surrender her own life without a moment’s consideration?”He had me there.
Lou Andreas-Salomé|Now I understand that this passion for pain, even in the torture of martyrdom, represents the haste and impatience to no longer be interrupted and disturbed by the evil that can come from this side (meaning this life).
Criss Jami, Killosophy|What about you?You stay by my side day and night and take the hardest hits of them all.Why,Will?Why have you stayed with me all these centuries?You watch me die again and again,yet you never leave. You keep trying to save me, even though you know I'm doomed. All because some angel told you to?Come on.No more secrets,you said.Tell me.
P. H. Solomon, The Bow of Destiny|Justice lay on the edge o his blessed sword, but revenge - sweet as candy - filled his senses." The Bow of Destiny
Vasily Grossman, An Armenian Sketchbook|Schools and universities are (as in a body) the noble and vital parts, which being vigorous and sound send good blood and active spirits into the veins and arteries, which cause health and strength; or, if feeble or ill-affected, corrupt all the vital parts; whereupon grow diseases, and in the end, death itself.
John Wooden|People can try to reinvent themselves. I don't think you can really change who you are, though, because who you are is pretty much where you came from and what you've done up to now.
Dada Bhagwan|Depression arises when one uses his power and authority. Whatever authority there is, it is there for giving happiness to others. Authority is to give happiness to others, even to those who are guilty of doing wrong.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I believe that one of the reasons for crime, perversion, and the evils of modern mankind is that we have lost belief in the certainty of God being just, holy, and righteous, and that He will judge the world.
Luo Guanzhong, Three Kingdoms: Classic Novel in Four Volumes|I really believe," said Wanda thoughtfully,"that your madness is nothing but a demonic, unsatisfied sensuality. Our unnatural way of life must generate such illnesses. Were you less virtuous, you would be completely sane.
Shai Tubali, The Mystical Enlightenment of Friedrich Nietzsche: On the Death of God and the God Within|Then perhaps we should carve a world one day where the strength lies in who you are, rather than in what they expect you to be.
J.T. Lawrence, The Memory of Water|Maybe that’s why God made childbirth so painful, so that when your life is wrecked by children you know it could be worse.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|Do not cross your legs, she advises. Keeping both feet on the ground signals that you, well, have both feet on the ground. … If you feel the urge to move out of nervousness, do some toe crunches since the interviewer won’t notice those.
E.W. Kenyon|My righteousness is just as good as Jesus' righteousness, because it IS Jesus' righteousness!
Rutina Wesley|I'm turned off by the groupie thing. I'm a romantic; I like finding the right woman, and if it works, it works.
Réné Gaudette|If you really want to change society, encourage self appreciation.
Nin|Always try to be perceptive and observant in living, sensatory for details and diversity. Always try to see beyond the surface, and look in another perspective. Always try not to judge. Always seeks new experience, embrace and took chances. To live life maximally and develop into a better person.
Sarah Purdy Gilman|Taking advantage of me in my sleep, archangel?” --Gin
Joel R. Beeke, Why Christ Came: 31 Meditations on the Incarnation|Some of us have little spiritual vitality because we fail to feed on Christ day by day. Over time, we become spiritually anorexic.
Mila Gray, Come Back to Me|Fin," she whispered. "What do you need?" He covered her hand, right there in her lap, then let go quickly and dipped his head to try to meet her downcast eyes. He smelled so good--like intrigue and dubious morality. It sent a delicious shiver down her arms.
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|Beyond telling and getting away however there are an awful lot of myths out there about how to move on or get justice. People may tell you to report the crime or confront you abuser- or even to forgive him. I don't necessarily advocate any of these things. I think counseling of some kind can be enormously useful, but the bottom line is that the main way to heal is to find people who will support you, to talk about what happened, and to ground yourself in the reality that the abuse was not your fault, that you have nothing to be ashamed of, and that you deserve great love and happiness in your life.
Project Itoh, Harmony|I believe that the truth is the only force that will set us free. I have hope, not in the tangible or in what I can personally accomplish, but in the faith that battling evil, cruelty, and injustice allows us to retain our identity, a sense of meaning and ultimately our freedom. Perhaps in our lifetimes we will not succeed. Perhaps things will only get worse. But this does not invalidate our efforts. Rebellion—which is different from revolution because it is perpetual alienation from power rather than the replacement of one power system with another—should be our natural state. And faith,...
Alfred Tennyson|And at the closing of the dayShe loosed the chain, and down she lay;The broad stream bore her far away,The Lady of Shallot.
Catherine Jones Payne, Breakwater|But, over time, grief fades. And so did my lust for vengeance.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters|Indeed! I am truly glad to hear it. I always always fond of Osborne; and, do you know, I never really took to Roger; I respected him and all that, of course. But to compare him with Mr. Henderson! Mr. Henderson is so handsome and well-bred, and gets all his gloves from Houbigant!
S.R. Crawford|Besides, men aren’t worth your time anyway, Letti. If we women spent as much time on ourselves as we do fretting over men, we’d be invincible! Work on yourself because at the end of the day, you’re the only person you can trust.
C. JoyBell C.|It dawns on you one day... how precious your life is and how not okay it is for anyone, ever, to cause you any amount of suffering, ever. Then the next time you step out the door you look at everyone and you’re thinking, “My life is precious and you’re not allowed to hurt me.
Debasish Mridha|To nourish your soul, see the beauty of nature and feel the love.
Isaac Asimov|People think of education as something that they can finish. And what’s more, when they finish, it’s a rite of passage. You’re finished with school. You’re no more a child, and therefore anything that reminds you of school - reading books, having ideas, asking questions - that’s kid’s stuff. Now you’re an adult, you don’t do that sort of thing any more.You have everybody looking forward to no longer learning, and you make them ashamed afterward of going back to learning. If you have a system of education using computers, then anyone, any age, can learn by himself, can continue to be interested. If you enjoy learning, there’s no reason why you should stop at a given age. People don’t stop things they enjoy doing just because they reach a certain age.What’s exciting is the actual process of broadening yourself, of knowing there’s now a little extra facet of the universe you know about and can think about and can understand. It seems to me that when it’s time to die, there would be a certain pleasure in thinking that you had utilized your life well, learned as much as you could, gathered in as much as possible of the universe, and enjoyed it. There’s only this one universe and only this one lifetime to try to grasp it. And while it is inconceivable that anyone can grasp more than a tiny portion of it, at least you can do that much. What a tragedy just to pass through and get nothing out of it.
Stefano Gabbana|Dreams can become a reality when we possess a vision that is characterized by the willingness to work hard, a desire for excellence, and a belief in our right and our responsiblity to be equal members of society.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Everyone is a business person. You must be in the business of managing your time. Managing your time means managing your life. Good time managers are good life managers, and vice versa.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|Gardening is the handiest excuse for being a philosopher. Nobody guesses, nobody accuses, nobody knows, but there you are, Plato in the peonies, Socrates force-growing his own hemlock. A man toting a sack of blood manure across his lawn is kin to Atlas letting the world spin easy on his shoulder.
David Jeremiah|I think there was a time in my life, probably in college, that I wished every guy was gay because it meant more women for me! I don't know what everyone's problem with it is. I wish everyone was gay! That's always the way I thought about it. I have no issue with it. If I have to suffer through marriage, why shouldn't they?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Please, God give us the grace to carefully obey all your commands,.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Love in this life is expanded by our anticipation of the next life. Those who love under God are never satisfied with small love, or love bound by the flaws of human emotion. Those who love under God dream of another life where they can experience it and live it in God's perfect form, so they seek to build it in this life as much as possible.
Saim Cheeda|You could climb to the top of the world and jump into the deepest of ravines, but if you don’t have someone to share it with you’ll always be looking back.
Homer, The Odyssey|I would disapprove of another hospitable man who was excessive in friendship, as of one excessive in hate. In all things balance is better.
Matt      Chandler|He can heal me. I believe He will. I believe I'm going to be an old surely Baptist preacher. And even if He doesn't...that's the thing: I've read Philippians 1. I know what Paul says. I'm here let's work, if I go home? That's better. I understand that.
James McAvoy|Yesterday, I did some painting then went out to buy an onion and came home and watched 'University Challenge.' The onion was probably the highlight.
Libba Bray|There are moments when i wish i could roll back the clock and take all the sadness away, but i have a feeling that if i did, the joy would be gone as well. So i take the memories as they come, accepting them all, letting them guide me whenever i can.
Cocoy McCoy|You win some, you lose some, let Karma takes its course… - Cocoy McCoy -
Peggy Kopman-Owens, Never Change - Montmartre|The afternoon's glory was tainted by the voice on the other end. "I was so very sorry not to have the pleasure of meeting you, Mr. Haines. You're not living up to your part of the bargain.
Charles Bukowski|Those who believe they have pleased God by the quality of their devotion and moral goodness naturally feel that they and their group deserve deference and power over others. The God of Jesus and the prophets, however, saves completely by grace. He cannot be manipulated by religious and moral performance--he can only be reached through repentance, through the giving up of power. If we are saved by sheer grace we can only become grateful, willing servants of God and of everyone around us.
Madhu Kiran (Software Engg)|If really god is there, then God created us.If really god is not there, then we created God(Our creativity).
Ezra Pound|L'artGreen arsenic smeared on an egg-white cloth, Crushed strawberries! Come, let us feast our eyes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greater the need, the greater the quest for God.
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|We all have our demons, it is not anyone else's duty to validate them.
Meg Donohue, Dog Crazy: A Novel of Love Lost and Found|I look down at my black Diablo, head on his paws. He is at my feet. He knows that he must trust to my forgiveness for his daily meat. So he wags his plumed tail and noses at my foot and I pat him gently. Affection, I tell him, is how a dog survives. Knowing how to exist without it is how a woman wrests her life into her own hands. But then it comes, it takes one by surprise. Affection and freedom and the will to risk. Everything that happened since I answered the door to Fleur was leading up to this.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Wear that scarf," he said, pointing to a blue cashmere scarf hanging on a peg. "It matches your eyes."Alec looked at it. Suddenly he was filled with hate - for the scarf, for Magnus, and most of all for himself. "Don't tell me," he said. "The scarf's a hundred years old, and it was given to you by Queen Victoria right before she died, for special services to the Crown or something."Magnus sat up. "What's gotten into you?"Alec stared at him. "Am I the newest thing in this apartment?""I think that honor goes to Chairman Meow. He's only two.""I said newest, not youngest," Alec snapped.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|There is no transcending our minds, only using them optimally.
Vladimir Nabokov|In a sense, we are all crashing to our death from the top story of our birth ... and wondering with an immortal Alice at the patterns of the passing wall. This capacity to wonder at trifles - no matter the imminent peril - these asides of the spirit ... are the highest form of consciousness.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|I'll thank you now, Kathel," Keirah whispered. Placing a simple, soft kiss on Kathel's lips, she turned and walked away toward her cabin, leaving both men stunned in her wake.
Walter Lippmann|We can't gather the intelligence we need to foil future attacks, if we are blindly granting terrorists the right to remain silent. But for some reason, we've already done that - with the terrorist who tried to bring down Flight 253.
Leona Lewis|I think the first time baby recognises me and smiles is going to be one of the most amazing times of my life, to be honest.
Ted Scheu|Fs Are "Fabulous" Hey, Mom and Dad! I got my grades!And you'll be thrilled to hearthe marks on our report cards are changed around this year. A bunch of kids were telling methis morning on the bus,that they had heard some teachers saythat Fs are "fabulous."And Ds are proudly given outfor work that's "dynamite."They're used to honor kids like me,whose brains are really bright.So C of course is super "cool"-I've got a few of those.I wish they could be Ds and Fs,but that's the way it goes.I'm pleased to see my teacher didn't give an A or B.I've worked too hard for one of those.Gosh, aren't you proud of me?I see you don't believe me.You think that I am lying?At least you will agree that I should get an A for trying!
Angela Richardson, Pieces of Lies|She liked his unique smell, and it turned on all five of her senses, wanting to see him naked, touch him while naked, hear him as he moaned while he made love, taste his skin, and feel his naked body as she seduced him with the trailing of hungry fingers.
Jeanette Coron|Forgiving other people does not mean that they will get away with what they did to you, it means that You are set free from the pain they have caused you. Forgiveness is the hardest lesson we are here to learn to master, but it is possible with time and patience.
Angela Lambert|You great bloody bully.""Which is exactly what you need, you vexatious headstrong wench.
John Legend|Because of the economic crisis, China and the United States are bound together. This is a totally new phenomenon, and nobody will fight for ideology anymore. It's all about business.
Anna Akhmatova, White Flock|Sometimes it’s like people are a million times more beautiful to you in your mind. It’s like you see them through a special lens — but maybe if it’s how you see them,that’s how they really are.
Manish Kejriwal|Be what you are, but be careful in what you're doing.
Elizabeth Chandler, Kissed by an Angel/The Power of Love/Soulmates|When you love someone, its never over. You move on, because you have to but you take them with you in your heart
Sunday Adelaja|Without delayed gratification,there is no persistence.
Philip K. Dick, Time Out of Joint|A law of survival, Ragle had said. Those who refused to respond to the new stimulus would perish. Adapt or perish . . . version of a timeless rule.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Always take a compliment, even if it’s not yours
Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships|Being a parent is dirty and scary and beautiful and hard and miraculous and exhausting and thankless and joyful and frustrating all at once. It’s everything. (Confessions of a Scary Mommy, Gallery Books 2012).
Lori Cash Richards, Letting the Upside In: Discovering the code that grants us access to the extraordinary treasures contained within our hearts|When we slow down, sometimes way down, that's when we rise up and see the beauty that is all around us, the beauty that is always around us. And if we slow down even more, then we start to see the beauty that is in us - the preciousness, worth and value that was there all along.
Stephanie Witter, 2B or Not 2B?|You know, the heroes in my romance novels always say that. Scout's honor. But they all later admit to never being a Boy Scout.
Liam Perrin, Sir Thomas the Hesitant and the Table of Less Valued Knights|He looked like someone pretending to be a knight, which was bad. He figured pretending to be something he actually wanted to be was just asking for it.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Generosity is a strength, not a weakness.
Christine Lagarde|That's my only active wish. I think if I sang like Don Henley, this would be a lot more agreeable business.
David Eso, Where the Nights Are Twice as Long: Love Letters of Canadian Poets|It’s not easy,” she says, in that voice that mothers have, that mix of unwanted knowledge and small consolation. “Whatever you had—I don’t know exactly what it was, and that’s fine. But it must not be easy for you. You miss him, and that’s okay. But you have to figure that if it’s too hard to hang on, then maybe you should let go.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|Emotions are not good, bad, right, or wrong. The ﬁrst step to changing our relationship to feelings is to be curious about them and the messages they send to us.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|People who bore one another should meet seldom; people who interest one another, often.
Dada Bhagwan|In reality, those who cheat are indeed the ones who get cheated. Those who are cheated will gain experience and develop (spiritually) in the process. Only money earned dishonestly will be taken away (by nature) from one; rightfully earned money will be put to good use!
Bill Hybels, Just Walk Across the Room: Simple Steps Pointing People to Faith|Pray when you're alone. Pray when you're with a lot of people. Pray when you're in small groups. Pray on your way in; pray on your way out. Pray in your closet, in your car, at your desk. Pray morning prayers, pray mealtime prayers, pray in between mealtimes. Pray fervently, expectantly, and unself-consciously. Pray when you're burdened, worried, sick, or brokenhearted. Pray when you're soaring, setting records, or dancing on a mountaintop. Pray when you're up, and pray when you're down. Pray when you're healthy, when you're sick, when you feel like it, and when you don't. (Especially when you don't.)
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Fight for us, O God, that we not drift numb and blind and foolish into vain and empty excitements. Life is too short, too precious, too painful to waste on worldly bubbles that burst. Heaven is too great, hell is too horrible, eternity is too long that we should putter around on the porch of eternity.
Erik Olin Wright, Approaches to Class Analysis|Once again it is evident that even between major crises, ‘the market’ has no answer to the major problem confronting the twenty-first century: that unlimited and increasingly high-tech economic growth in the pursuit of unsustainable profit produces global wealth, but at the cost of an increasingly dispensable factor of production, human labour, and, one might add, of the globe’s natural resources. Economic and political liberalism, singly or in combination, cannot provide the solution to the problems of the twenty-first century. Once again the time has come to take Marx seriously.
Carsten K. Rath|No one is perfect. We all have weaknesses and limitations. Some can't be fixed. But, at least, a leader shouldn't find herself blindsided...
Hélène Cixous, The Book of Promethea|To gain your own voice, you have to forget about having it heard.” —Allen Ginsberg, WD
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|The Happiest Man in The WorldThe French interpreter for the 14th Dalai Lama, former academic and dedicated meditator Matthieu Ricard, came into the spotlight in the field of neural science after being named “the happiest man in the world”. Naturally, there are many other men and women who demonstrate such equanimity, but the studies on his brain uncovered truly astonishing results. MRI scans showed that Matthieu Ricard and other serious long-term meditators (with more than 10,000 hours of practice each) were mentally, emotionally and spiritually fulfilled and displayed an abundance of positive emotions and equanimity in the left pre-frontal cortex of the brain. When talking about his mindfulness training, Matthieu Ricard said with humility that: “Happiness is a skill. It requires effort and time”.
Aleatha Romig, Truth|For better or for worse, music is the language of memory. It is also the language of love.
Bob Dylan|I think the truly natural things are dreams, which nature can't touch with decay.
Herb Caen|I'm a good person, I hope. But I'm never as good as I want to be, never as nice as I want to be, never as generous as I want to be.
John Dryden|I am ready to accept all accusations, allegations, anger - but I have to succeed.
Harrish Sairaman|When you change, people may not believe in it initially as they are still viewing you from their old lens.
Claudia Gray|Everyone is lonely, we have to remember that life is to be lived one day at a time. You cannot worry about the past or future. Happiness is in the now.
J.M. Coetzee, Foe|It seemed to me that all things were possible on the island, all tyrannies and cruelties, though in small; and if, in despite of what was possible, we lived at peace with another, surely this was proof that certain laws unknown to us held sway, or else that we had been following the promptings of our hearts all this time, and our hearts had not betrayed us.
Carson McCullers, The Ballad of the Sad Café and Other Stories|I wouldn't change it," Simon said. "I wouldn't give up loving you. Not for anything. You know what Raphael told me? That I didn't know how to be a good vampire, that vampires accept that they're dead. But as long as I remember what it was like to love you, I'll always feel like I'm alive.
Julia Cameron, Finding Water: The Art of Perseverance|Fatigue can make it hard to have faith. Too much busyness can make it hard to have faith. Too much of too little solitude can impact faith. For that matter, so can a bout of hunger or overwork, anything carried to an extreme. Faith thrives on routine. Look at any monastery and you will see that. Faith keeps on keeping on.
Danny L.  Deaubé, I Will Praise You in the Storm: The Story of Stephen and Holly Deaubé, a Journey of Faith|Maybe, now and then, we have to give up a portion of our kingdoms--the things we hold dearest--to find what it is God wants for us.
Olympia Snowe|The propensity to truck, barter and exchange one thing for another is common to all men, and to be found in no other race of animals.
Taylor Swift|With respect to Iraq, I did favour the continuity of American forces to work with the new Maliki government. They had enormous needs for intelligence, for training on everything from airplanes to more sophisticated ground equipment and the like.
Blake Butler, There Is No Year|There were seven men, but just one language. They also moved as one and ate one meal a day and slept in the same bed and knew the same women with whom they'd made the same child. They worked for the same firm as the father. They were the future.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|A great Tamil poet, given to decadence and debauchery, once said that the story of his life could serve as an example to the youth on how one shouldnot live. Having lived, or rather, having sleepwalked for ten years through the desolate wastelands of depression, I survived to reach the other side. I believe that this validates my claim to write this book for you.
Anaïs Nin|If you're betrayed, release disappointment at once.By that way, the bitterness has no time to take root.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 1|I already apologized for that.”“No, you didn’t.”“Then I’m sorry.”"“Fuck your sorry.”“Fine. Fuck my sorry.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We can see the beauty of life, with positive focus.
Evinda Lepins|Father, in those moments of utter exasperation, help me to want You as much as I need You!
Akshay Vasu|Every time I am in the dark and a bit of light falls on me, I see a bit of you in my shadows. There is always a bit of you in every song I hear, in every thought I conceive, in every rain that I drench in, in every star that I stare at in the sky every night and in every breeze that touches me.
Glen Duncan, Talulla Rising|I'll teach you," Tiger Lily offered with a shrug of her shoulders."Did your mother teach you?" he asked."I don't have a mother," she said. "Like you."For some reason, Peter was glad to hear it.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|People are always changing themselves and their world, dear. Very few of the changes are new. We rather confuse change and newness, I think. What is truly new never changes.""You speak in riddles, aged progenitor.""The world worships a certain kind of newness. People are always talking about a new car, or a new drink or p-p-play or house, but these things are not truly new, are they? They begin to get old the minute you acquire them. New is not in things. New is within us. The truly new is something that is new forever: you. Every morning of your life and every evening, every moment is new. You have never lived this moment before and you never will again. In this sense the new is also the eternal.
F. Sionil Jose|Who I am, what I am, is the culmination of a lifetime of reading, a lifetime of stories. And there are still so many more books to read. I'm a work in progress.
Max Martini|All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.
Joe Reyes, Aftermath|When avarice takes the lead in a state, it is commonly the forerunner of its fall.
Dr Deepak Hiwale, aka 'Dr Dee'|If every community acts collectively, the city shall be clean.
Saint Frances de Sales|Leaving a place, a person or a country silently and without any notice is a heroic and a noble way of teaching the importance of your presence to those who ignore your existence!
Jerome Bixby|Provoking separatist hatreds is an aggressive weed. We all have dirty hands and a broken heart. Put down your flag before you put down your weapons. If you must raise a flag, be sure it says, “We is better than you or I.” We will not persecute, nor tolerate persecution. We will not dominate, nor tolerate subjugation.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Thief of Shadows|He shoved his hips against her, reminding her of what they had just done, and said, “I had never bedded a woman before you. I made that plain. Did you think I let you seduce me lightly? No, I did not. You made a deal with me the moment you gave me entry into your body.”“I made no such deal!” Her eyes were angry—and frightened—but he would not let her make him back down.“Precious Isabel,” he whispered. “You made a deal with your heart, your soul, and your body, and you sealed it with the wash of your climax on my c*ck.”She blinked, looking dazed. He’d never used such words before, especially not with her, but their bluntness was necessary.
N.T. Wright, For All the Saints: Remembering the Christians Departed|In particular, we must take account of the well-known and striking saying of Jesus to the dying brigand beside him, recorded by Luke (23.43). 'Today,' he said, 'you will be with me in paradise.' 'Paradise' is not the final destination; it is a beautiful resting place on the way there. But notice. If there is anyone in the New Testament to whom we might have expected the classic doctrine of purgatory to apply, it would be this brigand. He had no time for amendment of life; no doubt he had all kinds of sinful thoughts and desires in what was left of his body. All the standard arguments in favour of purgatory apply to him. And yet Jesus assures him of his place in paradise, not in a few days or weeks, not if his friends say a lot of prayers and masses for him, but 'today.
Jeremiah Burroughs, The Evil of Evils: The Exceeding Sinfulness of Sin|A higher understanding of human freedom, however, is inseparable from a definition of human nature. To be free is to be able to flourish as the kind of being one is, and so to attain the ontological good toward which one's nature is oriented; freedom is the unhindered realization of a complex nature in its proper end (natural and supernatural), and this is consummate liberty and happiness. The will that chooses poorly, then - through ignorance, maleficence, or corrupt desire - has not thereby become freer, but has further enslaved itself to those forces that prevent it from achieving its full expression. And it is this richer understanding of human freedom that provides us some analogy to the freedom of God. For God is infinite actuality, the source and end of all being, the eternally good, for whom mere arbitrary 'choice' - as among possibilities that somehow exceed his 'present' actuality - would be a deficiency, a limitation placed upon his infinite power to be God. His freedom is the impossibility of any force, pathos, or potentiality interrupting the perfection of his nature or hindering him in the realization of his own illimitable goodness, in himself and in his creatures. To be 'capable' of evil - to be able to do evil or to be affected by an encounter with it - would in fact be an incapacity in God; and to require evil to bring about his good ends would make him less than the God he is. The object of God's will is his own infinite goodness, and it is an object perfectly realized, and so he is FREE.
Denise Flaim, Rescue Ink: How Ten Guys Saved Countless Dogs and Cats, Twelve Horses, Five Pigs, One Duck,and a Few Turtles|Greymalkin was no demon familiar; she was a rambunctious cat with the playful temperament of a kitten. On those occasions when Greymalkin decided the Tarot were her playthings, Miriam knew any attempt at a reading would lead to chewed cards, overturned candles, and incense ash tracked across her tablecloth in the form of tiny gray pawprints.
bell hooks|When anyone thinks a woman who serves "gives 'cause that's what mothers or real women do," they deny her full humanity and thus fail to see the generosity inherent in her acts.
James Finn Garner|While the archetype of the tinker is generally the whipping person in classical bedtimes stories, this particular individual was a tinker by trade and just happened to be economically disadvantaged.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|In the summer,on fine evenings, I love to drive late andalone in the scented forests, and when I havereached a dark part stop, and sit quite still, listeningto the nightingales repeating their little tune overand over aga^n after interludes of gurgling, or ifthere are no nightingales, listening to the marvelloussilence, and letting its blessedness descend intomy very souL The nightingales in the forestsabout here all sing the same tune, and in the samekey of (E flat).
Steve Baldwin, Snow Tales and Powder Trails: Adventures on Skis|By lunchtime the valley was lightly coated, like a cake with confectioner's sugar...there was white fur on the antlers of the iron deer and on the melancholy boughs of the Norway spruce.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|I have always loved the desert. One sits down on a desert sand dune, sees nothing, hears nothing. Yet through the silence something throbs, and gleams...
Oliver Reed|While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven|Choice, is what presents us with a multitude of paths, because choice creates a flow of electrons through the brain in a manner that inexorably leads to quantum superposition, and the many-worlds that are the inevitable result.
Abhijit Naskar|Letter to the tech giants:When fame and abundance kiss somebody’s feet before that person is wise enough, he or she is very likely to lose track of what’s necessity and what’s luxury. And modern society is filled with examples of such intelligent stupidity – stupidity that is carried out by apparently smart humans. Because being smart is not the same as being wise. The world has enough smartness, but not enough wisdom to bring that smartness into proper productive practice – and I mean productive practice not sophisticated practice – there is a difference. A person smart enough to visualize a Falcon rocket engine can easily pinpoint the locations of various organizations that spread terrorism, yet the person chooses to explore the space further instead of prioritizing the technological advantages to first fix real issues of the human society that inflict harm to the humans every walk of the way.The world is a miserable place not because we have lack of resources, but because those who have an abundance of resources do not have the slightest idea of true human need. The resources needed for colonizing Mars if put to proper practice can fix the world’s global warming issues – it can fix the world’s climate change issues – it can fix the world’s terrorism issues, yet people are more interested in the pompous idea of living in Mars for whatever reason, instead of paying attention to improving human condition on earth. I am not against technological advancement, for I am a scientist, but my soul aches when I see smart people are dumb enough to chase after illusory glory of doing something different and innovative instead of focusing the powers of their soul on cleaning up the misery business on earth. You can, yet you don’t. Why?Smartness without wisdom is stupidity. You are smart – yes indeed – but I am sorry – you are stupid at the same time. How can you dream of having a cheese burger on Mars when your own kind on Earth is suffering! How can you think of taking rich kids into the orbit just so they can admire the beauty of earth from the heavens, when that very earth is infested with the primordial evils of human character! Awaken the human within you my friend, and pay attention. Awaken the human within and let it consume all the miseries from the world that you live in. Say a member of your family falls ill, would you ignore his or her misery completely just because you want to make life more comfortable for others than it already is, or would you first try everything in your capacity in order to heal your loved one!Be wise my friend, for it is not enough to be smart. You are smart – there is no doubt about that – so utilize that smartness for humanity and heal your own kind. Heal your kind with your capacity my friend. It is wailing for healers – not some delusional faith healers, but real tangible healers. Would you not do anything! Would you not give your soul to fix the broken soul of this world! Arise my friend, Awake my friend and work for humanity, not to make it sophisticated, but to make it peaceful first. Remember, humanity first, then everything else. Peace first, sophistication later. Harmony first, luxury later.
Morgan Hawke, Victorious Star|Hey roomie." I was breathless. I looked her straight in the eyes as my fingers squeezed my nipples and rubbed my swollen clit. "Told you I wouldn't stop when you caught me.
Aporva Kala|We have heard the chimes at midnight, Master Shallow
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|After climbing off his bike, I smacked his shoulder. “Did you forget I was with you? Are you trying to get me killed?”“It’s hard to forget you’re behind me when your thighs are squeezing the life out of me.” A smirk came with his next thought. “I couldn’t think of a better way to die, actually.”“There is something very wrong with you.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Authors can write stories without people assuming that they are autobiographies, but songwriters and poets are often considered to be the characters in their works. I like Michelangelo's vision, 'I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
Toni Sorenson|A wise woman invests her time and doesn’t squander it in gossip, judgment or idleness. She knows every moment gone is one that she will not get back.
Bertrand Russell|The essential American soul is hard, isolate, stoic, and a killer. It has never yet melted.
Gwen Calvo, Cocaine Masks: Cocaine Masks|I am a baby, I am a child, I am the innocent wonder in my eyes I am a glimpse, I am a sign, of someone I can be, someone I might I am not one, I am not two, but I am a million things entwined I am a piece, I am a slice, strung together by the yarns of time.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|You may as well know, right here, that you can never have riches in great quantities, unless you can work yourself into a white heat of desire for money, and actually believe you will possess it.
Lemony Snicket, Why Is This Night Different from All Other Nights?|The world is full of disappointment," I said."Yes," she said, "I heard him say that. And every creature is simply trying to get what it wants, and to make their way through a difficult world. Do you believe that?""No," I said. "There's more than that.""Like what?""Like good books," I said, "and good people. And good librarians, who are almost both at once.
Newt Gingrich|One of the big things about space exploration is that it is as expensive as it is complicated, and you need all the countries of the world to help if you want to accomplish big goals.
Alex Scarrow, The Eternal War|It sounded like walls tumbling, liberty bells chiming, government buildings being stormed.It sounded like a revolution.It sounded like hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The more you live in the light, the more you will flourish.
Wade Davis, The Wayfinders: Why Ancient Wisdom Matters in the Modern World|...quality of life lies in knowledge, in culture. Values are what constitute true quality of life, the supreme quality of life, even above food, shelter and clothing.
Robert Higgs|Government as we now know it in the USA and other economically advanced countries is so manifestly horrifying, so corrupt, counterproductive, and outright vicious, that one might well wonder how it continues to enjoy so much popular legitimacy and to be perceived so widely as not only tolerable but indispensable. The answer, in overwhelming part, may be reduced to a two-part formula: bribes and bamboozlement (classically "bread and circuses"). Under the former rubric falls the vast array of government "benefits" and goodies of all sorts, from corporate subsidies and privileges to professional grants and contracts to welfare payments and health care for low-income people and other members of the lumpenproletariat. Under the latter rubric fall such measures as the government schools, the government's lapdog news media, and the government's collaboration with the producers of professional sporting events and Hollywood films. Seen as a semi-integrated whole, these measures give current governments a strong hold on the public's allegiance and instill in the masses and the elites alike a deep fear of anything that seriously threatens the status quo.
Paloma Faith|I'm Brian a lot more than I'm Paul Walker, which is awesome. When I hear, 'Hey Paul Walker!' my hair stands up on the back of my neck. It's uncomfortable. But when I hear, 'It's Brian!' it's cool. I like Brian.
Julia Quinn, Minx|By living a life “against nature,” the deviant or pervert becomes a hero or heroine in decadent fiction.
Helen Keller|True happiness... is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you enjoy peace now, remember it is out of the toils of those who were gone before you. The question is "will you leave peace behind you when you are gone"?
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|Prophet,' he said, 'Your doctrines I do not know; therefore if I accepted them, I would do it out of fear like a coward and a base man. Are you anxious that your faith be professed by cowards and base people?
Groucho Marx|From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Zeena Schreck, Demons of the Flesh: The Complete Guide to Left Hand Path Sex Magic|Sex is like an atom bomb. A potent weapon which fascinates and frightens. We're afraid to let it loose, yet we all have our finger on the button.”--Zeena Schreck, Cuir Underground: Sado-Magic for Satan Interview, 1998
Victor Hugo|Certainly, I approve of political opinions, but there are people who do not know where to stop.
William L.K., The Voice|Science fiction is the fiction of ideas. Ideas excite me, and as soon as I get excited, the adrenaline gets going and the next thing I know I’m borrowing energy from the ideas themselves. Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn’t exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
Douglas Wilson, The Case for Classical Christian Education|Farid asked, 'Do American teachers care about every student?'I thought about a humanities teacher I’d worked with in Korea and more recently a science teacher I’d worked with in Germany. I said, 'I think most schools have a resident idiot.
Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle|The more he identifies with the dominant images of need, the less he understands his own life and his own desires. The spectacle’s estrangement from the acting subject is expressed by the fact that the individual’s gestures are no longer his own; they are the gestures of someone else who represents them to him.
Hamsa Priya Selvam|People like Nicholas are always gonna be around, roots of disaster. But if we fail to rescue them (Zach and Chanel), that is when they actually win.
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|You need to relax. Maybe we should stop at a bar for alcohol first.""For me or for them?""For them, of course. It's important to get them loaded early in the day. Makes them easier to control.
Helen M. Luke, The Way of Woman: Awakening the Perennial Feminine|They say experience is the best teacher, but I'll be damned if I know what it teaches you.
Mackenzie Lee|It is remarkable how much courage it takes to kiss someone, even when you are almost certain that person would very mush like to be kissed by you. Doubt will knock you from the sky every time.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|So much good, so much evil. Just add water.
Erin Heatherton|When you are balanced and when you listen and attend to the needs of your body, mind, and spirit, your natural beauty comes out.
Ricky Gervais|I see Atheists are fighting and killing each other again, over who doesn't believe in any God the most. Oh, no..wait.. that never happens.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|I was relying on youth be loyal to the specific variety of compromise and unhappiness, which our hard-won marriage represents.
Bronwyn Angela White, You Who Delight Me|I know you're feeling worried,But I promise I'm okay.You think I'm missing all the fun,But I don't want to play.And I'm not feeling lonely;Yeah, I've got a friend with me.I'm just keeping this corner company.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|... In a ROWE* people don't have schedules.They show up when they want.They don't have to be in the office at certain time, or anytime.They just have to get their work done.How they do it ?When they do it ?Where they do it ?It's totally up to them.Meetings & this kind of environments are Optional.What happens ... ?Almost across the board !- Productivity goes up- Worker Engagement goes up- Worker Satisfaction goes up- Turnovers goes down- Autonomy .. Mastery .. Purpose -these are the building blocks of new way of doing things."______________________________________________________________*ROWE: results-only work environment
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Ron gave a tiny jerk of the head that Harry understood to mean, Well - if you must.
Donald S. Whitney, Simplify Your Spiritual Life: Spiritual Disciplines for the Overwhelmed|From matters as crucial as the death of Jesus, to those as mundane as eating and drinking, the Bible presents the glo ry of God as the ultimate priority and the definitive criterion by which we should evaluate everything.
Sandra Brown, Envy|Women readers aren`t turned on by nice heroes any more than male readers lust after heroines who are too virtuous.There should be at least a hint,maybe even a promise, of corruptibility.
James     Baldwin|When you are discouraged, do not look down. Hold your head up high and you will see the face of God shining a light into your dark place.
Kyle Slade, All The King's Horses|Listen to me very closely, Mr. Corvus. You must never, ever let a man disarm you. If a man can disarm you, he will take your life, as surely as you would snuff out a candle. Are you a candle, Mr. Corvus?
Vineet Raj Kapoor|What do you mean, You have No Dreams?The Truth is, you have No Courage.
Junipero Serra|If you're lucky enough to be famous, then it's great if you can use your fame and the power your fame gives you to draw attention to things that really matter.
Leigh Hershkovich|If you’re not happy, then something is wrong. A person comes into the world as a happy being, yet over time, the happiness fades away and they find themselves in this bubble of anxiety and misery all the time. And it’s a comfortable place to stay, so they end up hanging out in this bubble for years and years before it suddenly dawns on them that life is meant to be happy. And, it is. It’s just that they’re too busy getting caught up in worry and stress to notice that life is magnificent and beautiful. Being alive is good. Being alive should already make you happy.
Drew Magary, The Hike|She crossed her legs and kicked out her feet, clad in thick wool socks and boots big enough to house a little old lady.
Jack Kingston|Sometimes I had to spend a whole day mixing a boiling mass with a heavy iron rod nearly as large as myself. I would be broken with fatigue at the day's end. Other days, on the contrary, the work would be a most minute and delicate fractional crystallization, in the effort to concentrate the radium.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Oleander Girl|It feels as though it were just yesterday Grandfather exited my life like a bullet, leaving a bleeding hole behind.
Langston Hughes|Good morning, daddy!Ain't you heardThe boogie-woogie rumbleOf a dream deferred?Listen closely:You'll hear their feetBeating out and beating out a -You thinkIt's a happy beat?Listen to it closely:Ain't you heardsomething underneathlike a -What did I say?Sure,I'm happy!Take it away!Dream BoogieHey, pop!Re-bop!Mop!Y-e-a-h!
Andrew Smith|You know, nothing ever goes back exactly the way it was. Things just expand and contract. Like the universe, like breathing. But you’ll never fill your lungs up with the same air twice. Sometimes, it would be cool if you could pause and rewind and do over. But I think anyone would get tired of that after one or two times.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|She let out a laugh, and then she put her hand over her mouth, like she was angry at herself for forgetting her sadness.
Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|Most historical accounts were written by fallible scholars, using incomplete or biased resource materials; written through the scholars' own conscious or unconscious predilections; published by textbook or printing companies that have a stake in maintaining a certain set of beliefs; subtly influenced by entities of government and society — national administrations, state education departments, local school boards, etcetera — that also wish to maintain certain sets of beliefs. To be blunt about it, much of the history of many countries and states is based on delusion, propaganda, misinformation, and omission.
Jim Morris|Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.
Le Ly Hayslip, When Heaven and Earth Changed Places: A Vietnamese Woman's Journey from War to Peace|In the West, for example, people believe they must 'pursue happiness' as if it were some kind of a flighty bird that is always out of reach. In the East, we believe we are born with happiness and one of life's important takes, my mother told me, is to protect it.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|Time's never up", she whispered, not looking at me, but at my canvas. "Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing. Of course there is.
Sofie Laguna, The Eye of the Sheep|Just as I was about to close my eyes I saw a faint line connecting the shadows, like string you take into a forest so you don’t lose your way. Everything in the room was joined by one line; the frame to the curtain, the coil to the crack, the belt to the shoe. I closed my eyes and in the vision behind the skin of my lids I saw the line stretch way out to sea, like cobweb blown by the wind, further and further; it crossed the Pacific until the Pacific became the Indian and it found Robby in his ship. It touched his shoulder and moved across the sleeve of his shirt and up to his eyes and across the top of his head and then the line went to all the other men on the ship; then all the way back to me. Everyone was joined.
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|Culture, religion, and education, are conspiracies to standardize worldviews.
Tanmaya Guru|Poor People get torchered, rich give money to watch.
Johnny Depp|A few of the world's most famous non-American novelists have large followings in the United States, among them Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Guenter Grass, who were both popular even before winning the Nobel.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning tell the sun that you are magical, helpful, and beautiful like the sun.
Jeaniene Frost, The Bite Before Christmas|I heard the car door shut and then Fabian's voice. "You won't believe what I found around the edge of your property," the ghost announced. "A cave with prehistoric painting inside it!" I rolled my eyes. That was the best tactic Fabian could come up with? This was a vampire he was trying to stall, not a paleontologist.
Howard Dean|In one sense, every character you create will be yourself. You've never murdered, but your murderer's rage will be drawn from memories of your own extreme anger. Your love scenes will contain hints of your own past kisses and sweet moments.
Dara Reidyr|Most of social media is simply a popularity contest. Well, I'm not here for the competition; I have important business and words of depth to change the course. So, while you follow the path of the ignorant, the rest of us will celebrate truth and the higher path.
V.E. Schwab|Most of the time, our enquiries are triggered by desires to corroborate what we think it is, rather than the genuine desire to know." - Anishka (Pg 177)
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Racism is an ism to which everyone in the world today is exposed; for or against, we must take sides. And the history of the future will differ according to the decision which we make.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|People should be _very_ careful when choosing the future fathers and mothers of their children. For that reason alone, it is extremely mean to demand a marriage certificate for life, just for one night of embracement.
Steve Kluger|It is, in the imagination of combat's fans, the divinely listless loveplay that follows the orgasm of victory. It is called 'mopping up.
Moffat Machingura, How I Kissed Heartbreak Goodbye|The mechanic, when a wheel refuses to turn, never thinks of dropping on his knees and asking the assistance of some divine power. He knows there is a reason. He knows that something is too large or too small; that there is something wrong with his machine; and he goes to work and he makes it larger or smaller, here or there, until the wheel will turn.
William Holden|We did it Disneyland, in the knowledge that most of the people I talked to thought it would be a financial disaster - closed and forgotten within the first year.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Dogs do not have many advantages over people, but one of them is extremely important: euthanasia is not forbidden by law in their case; animals have the right to a merciful death.
Margaret J. Wheatley|The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Christa Allan, Walking on Broken Glass|Here are the facts. Coronary artery disease is the leading killer of men and women in Western civilization. In the United States alone, more than half a million people die of it every single year. Three times that number suffer known heart attacks. And approximately three million more have “silent” heart attacks, experiencing minimal symptoms and having no idea, until well after the damage is done, that they are in mortal danger. In the course of a lifetime, one out of every two American men and one out of every three American women will have some form of the disease.
Lou Holtz|Money doesn't buy elegance. You can take an inexpensive sheath, add a pretty scarf, gray shoes, and a wonderful bag, and it will always be elegant.
Stephen Crane, The Black Riders and Other Lines|A learned man came to me once.He said, "I know the way, -- come."And I was overjoyed at this.Together we hastened.Soon, too soon, were weWhere my eyes were useless,And I knew not the ways of my feet.I clung to the hand of my friend;But at last he cried, "I am lost.
Amanda Penland|Batman: What have I told you about trusting dangerous and obsessive criminal geniuses?Wonder Woman: To be fair, you tend to warn everyone about everything.Batman: Point.
Rainer Maria Rilke|If your love for […] wants to do something now, then its work and task is this: to catch up with what it has missed. For it has failed to see whither this person has gone, it has failed to accompany her in her broadest development, it has failed to spread itself out over the new distances this person embraces, and it hasn’t ceased looking for her at a certain point in her growth, it wants obstinately to hold fast to a definite beauty beyond which she has passed, instead of persevering, confident of new shared beauties to come.”—from letter to Paula Modersohn-Becker Bremen (February 12, 1902)
Kyrian Lyndon, Provenance of Bondage|I'm unable to tell you what it feels like to be "a little" mad. My emotions work as if controlled by a light switch. I'm either fine or I'm out of control. I once spilled a container of thumbtacks and got as angry at myself as I did when I screwed up my relationship with my high school sweetheart. If I'm under the impression that there are Golden Grahams in my cupboard, then realize that there in fact are none, there's a high probability I'll be as sad as I was at my grandfather's funeral.In other words, my reactions aren't in proportion to the things I'm reacting to. It's something I've been working on with a very lovely shrink for the past few years.But against the 4Skins one day, all that hard word went out the window.
Josh Lanyon, The Dark Tide|It wasn't merely fatigue. although it continued to worry me how tired i was all the time. I had a strange sense of missing something, of being in the wrong place - no matter where I was.
Israelmore Ayivor|God wanted us to do something, and we went the bad way. Then he said "No!, I am not going to lose what I want done!, So I'm gonna save this people and restore their dreams back to them"!
Hila Colman, Julie Builds Her Castle|She felt tears dripping down her cheeks, and she wondered if anyone would ever miss her if she simply sat here, drinking coffee for days and days, years and years.
Jeff VanderMeer, Authority|You know, what I've always done is take a look through a book, look at the paper stock, the printing, the publisher, the actual content, and, taking everything into account, I price it. . . . And now I can't. The fact that I can check this book . . . — the fact that I can check this book on the Internet means that I have to check this book on the Internet.
Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls|Just as the desperate, terminally ill cancer patient often turns to expensive placebos for an imaginary chance at more life, the desperate, terminally alive sad people turn to expensive placebos for a chance to imagine a decent life.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|While we wait for good things to happen for ourselves, we can do good things for other people.
Debasish Mridha|Believe not in the reality, but believe in the possibility.
Sama Akbar|On the shores of tranquility, meet me between now and again.
Daniel Wallace, The Kings and Queens of Roam|Magic is dangerous: it's neither good nor bad, right nor wrong; it can be both a blessing and a curse. It takes strength, the strength of a man, to make the magic his own, to make it serve him, and not the other way around.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Pray as if you are fully aware that the intricate timing and rotation of every celestial entity in the universe—including the coming and going of innumerable, precious life forms—does not rest in your tiny, mortal hands.
Sachin sawariya|Make the most of your day, today. Tomorrow morning again begin with 'today
Ingrid Schaffner, Maira Kalman: Various Illuminations|... suffice to say, joy is where you find it- usually on the shelf right next to sadness.
Alexander McCall Smith, Morality for Beautiful Girls|The modern mind is like the eye of a man who is too tired to see the difference between blue and green. It fails in the quality that is truly called distinction; and,being incapable of distinction, it falls back on generalisation. The man, instead of having the sense to say he is tired, says he is emancipated and enlightened and liberal and universal.......we find it less trouble to let in a jungle of generalisations than to keep watch upon a logical frontier. But this shapeless assimilation is not only found in accepting things in the lump; it is also found in condemning them in the lump. When the same modern mind does begin to be intolerant, it is just as universally intolerant as it was universally tolerant. It sends things in batches to the gallows just as it admitted them in mobs to the sanctuary. It cannot limit its limitations any more than its license....There are...lunatics now having power to lay down the law, who have somehow got it into their heads that any artistic representation of anything wicked must be forbidden as encouraging wickedness. This would obviously be a veto on any tragedy and practically on any tale. But a moment's thought...would show them that this is simply an illogical generalisation from the particular problem of sex. All dignified civilisations conceal sexual things, for the perfectly sensible reason that their mere exhibition does affect the passions. But seeing another man forge a cheque does not make me want to forge a cheque. Seeing the tools for burgling a safe does not arouse an appetite for being a burglar. But the intelligence in question cannot stop itself from stopping anything. It is automatically autocratic; and its very prohibition proceeds in a sort of absence of mind. Indeed, that is the most exact word for it; it is emphatically absence of mind. For the mind exists to make those very distinctions and definitions which these people refuse. They refuse to draw the line anywhere; and drawing a line is the beginning of all philosophy, as it is the beginning of all art. They are the people who are content to say that what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander, and are condemned to pass their lives in looking for eggs from the cock as well as the hen.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Strictly speaking, it might not be a dream. It was reality, but a reality imbued with all the qualities of a dream. A different sphere of reality, where - at a special time and place - imagination had been set free.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|If you don't feel an overwhelming sense of emotion when you listen to music, then you're listening to the wrong kind.
Ashley Jeffery, Lilith|Lexie was the leader of the bobble heads. They were a group of girls best described as perfect, plastic, fake and hollow headed, hence the name bobble heads.
Yo-Yo Ma|When I was younger, I was in love with everything about the British Isles, from British folklore to Celtic music. That was always where my passions were as a young girl, and so I studied folklore as a college student in England and Ireland.
Milton Friedman|I would not dare to say that there is a direct relation between mathematics and madness, but there is no doubt that great mathematicians suffer from maniacal characteristics, delirium, and symptoms of schizophrenia.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|It weren’t too loo long before I seen something in me, had changed. A bitter seed was planted inside of me. And I just didn’t feel so, accepting, anymore.
Kent Lamarc|The reason why women are abandoned has always been a puzzle to me, until I started realizing that it goes back to a hidden factor that they, themselves hide, and that's called irresponsibility. Feminism made them worse, because now they think that it is normal to be irresponsible, that a man must be the victim of the domestic abuse.
Héctor Tobar, Deep Down Dark: The Untold Stories of 33 Men Buried in a Chilean Mine, and the Miracle That Set Them Free|You will learn about the twinned natures of fate and faith, at times spun together in threads fine as cotton candy, that taste just as sweet and evaporate just as quick. It is not right to say that you will have her, because you cannot truly possess another person. Nor should you even want such a thing.
Richard Hammond, Or Is That Just Me?|Ask any Ferrari, Porsche or Ray-Ban salesperson about their average customer and you will very likely hear that he is not, as the adverts would have us believe, a virile young footballer with shiny hair, a rippling six pack and a trouser pouch like a new punch bag. He is, in fact, a middle-aged bloke wearing more chins than he started life with and carrying the clear evidence of forty years of beer and pies slung across his midriff.
Jennifer Finney Boylan, Long Black Veil|I wondered ...if meeting people with creativity and passion when you were at an impressionable enough age actually kind of ruined you for life among normal people. For a long time, I'd searched the world, thinking I could start up new friendships like the ones I'd had before. But I never met people like that again. I know people will think that's what everyone believes about their college friends, but it's true. Maybe we're like flowers that open up at that brief moment in our lives, and after that, we close up again, one by one.
Courtney Love|I grew up watching my dad be a singer, so it's something I've always been interested in.
Winna Efendi, Melbourne: Rewind|What did you see when you died?" He has that tenative half smile, like he's almost embarrassed by what he's saying. "Because I'm guessing it wasn't the Sea of Tranquility."And when I look at him, I'm not so sure it wasn't.“Where did you go?" His voice drops just slightly and loses even the suggestion of a smile.He's watching me like he's not sure he's allowed to ask the question, and he's not even sure he wants the answer. I can almost see his grandfather's words and Josh's doubts about them swimming in his head. On every side of me are the lights and the tools and the wood and the boots and the boy I want to see forever. And if the my Sea of Tranquility were real, it would be this place, here, with him.I don't say anything right away, because I just want one minute to look at his face before I give him my last secret.And then I tell him."Your garage.
Ratish Edwards|When you look back, most days in life seem ordinary, but there are some that change your life forever and remain etched in your memory.
L.M. Fields|Hold dear and true friends close to your heart, it matters not where you find them, only that you treat them with love and respect always.
Celine Kiernan|My rule is never save bits. They get the way, and you don't think of anything new. Put 'em in. Make a big mess.
P.J. Roscoe, Freya's Child|I sometimes wonder what it would have been like to have a childhood that was _not_ like mine. I have no real frame of reference, but when I question strangers I've found that their childhood generally had much less blood in it, and also that strangers seem uncomfortable when you question them about their childhood. But really, what else are you going to talk about in line at the liquor store? Childhood trauma seems like the natural choice, since it's the reason why most of us are in line there to begin with.
Bruce Coville, The Last Hunt|But, really, why does anyone create? You feel a...a restlessness inside, a need to make something new, something no one has ever seen before. You want to add to the beauty and the richness of the world with a gift, an offering that is uniquely yours. It's an act of selfishness and generosity, all rolled into one.
St. Jerome|All things on earth point home in old October; sailors to sea, travellers to walls and fences, hunters to field and hollow and the long voice of the hounds, the lover to the love he has forsaken.
Arthur C. Clarke|There are ten abilities, but no one has more than one—except me. I’m different that way. I have…more.”“You mean you have all ten.”I shrug my shoulders and nod. “And you say you’re different, huh?”“I am. I’m the only one—at least the first one,” I add, remembering what Sir Theo suggested about me being a more evolved species. A smile drifts to my mouth but fades when I notice Max staring at me with such disinterest that I become embarrassed.“I see. So is it just you who likes to think you’re special or all the teens in your world?”“What is that supposed to mean?”“Forget it. I guess I’m just trying to figure you out.
Steve Merrick|BREXIT?So mental a political tap dance, that it makes riding a porcupine bareback over a cliff seem the only sane thing to do.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|Where people are really attached, poverty itself is wealth.
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|She was always like this, only moves when her mind and heart tells her to move, not doing what everyone demanded her to do.
Dorothy Gilman|Brainwashing, thought Mrs. Pollifax contemptuously, and suddenly realized that she was not afraid. She had endured other crises without losing her dignity--births, widowhood, illnesses--and she was experienced enough to know now that everything worthwhile took time and loneliness, perhaps even one's death as well.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|You don’t need a ball to play football; all you need is a strong wish! After then, you can use even a stone as a ball! For all other things you want to do, all you need is a strong wish!
Timothy Garton Ash|Yes, politics IS war without bloodshed; and war is an extension of those politics.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I believe in love―a kind, selfless, unending devotion. I believe it is rare.
Cass R. Sunstein|It might also count as an insult to dignity, and a form of infantilization, if the government constantly reminds people of things that they already know.
Ariana Godoy, Growing Up|Nature to all things fixed the limits fitAnd wisely curbed proud man's pretending wit.As on the land while here the ocean gains.In other parts it leaves wide sandy plainsThus in the soul while memory prevails,The solid power of understanding failsWhere beams of warm imagination play,The memory's soft figures melt awayOne science only will one genius fit,So vast is art, so narrow human witNot only bounded to peculiar arts,But oft in those confined to single partsLike kings, we lose the conquests gained before,By vain ambition still to make them moreEach might his several province well command,Would all but stoop to what they understand.
Hermann Hesse, Verliebt in die verrückte Welt: Betrachtungen, Gedichte, Erzählungen, Briefe|I believe that I am not responsible for the meaningfulness or meaninglessness of life, but that I am responsible for what I do with the life I've got.
Alex Berenson|Both sides in Syria are bad. One side is a brutal dictator, and the other includes Islamists and terrorists who are dangerous already and who would be brutal in power if given the chance.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If God creates morality, then morality is nothing more than the whimsy of a divine being blindly followed by humans.
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|I have no clue what happened to my best friend, the one who played with me on the playground when no one else would. But this Logan…” She gestured from my shoes on up. “This Logan can kiss my ass.
Beth Gutcheon|Gossip is a policeman and a teacher. Without it, there would be chaos and ignorance.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who can we claim to know God, and deny him by our actions.
Christy Pastore, Perfectly Scripted|Try to smile, everything will be fine.
Fredrik Backman|Life is a Curious Thing. Winter turns to spring and Parvaneh passes her driving test. Of teaches Adrian how to change tires. The kid may have bought a Toyota, but that doesn't mean he's entirely beyond help, Ove explains to Sonja when he visits her one Sunday in April. The he shows her some photographs of Parvaneh's little boy. Four months old and as fat as a seal pup. Patrick has tried to force one of those cell phone camera things on Ove, but he doesn't trust them. So he walks around with a thick wad of paper copies inside his wallet instead, held together by a rubber band. Shows everyone he meets. Even the people who work at the florist's,
Carrie Butler, Strength|I mean, that was the code, wasn’t it? Single girls and taken guys weren’t allowed to be friends. The leash always got in the way.
S. D. Lawendowski|Obsession is like a pretty, little, picket fence that offers itself up as a thin line--a separation between ingenuity and insanity.
Anna Nalick|But, my God, it's so beautiful when the boy smiles
John D. Barrow, Impossibility: The Limits of Science and the Science of Limits|Quite obviously, a theoretical determination of the numerical value of α would signify great progress in our understanding of fundamental interactions. Many physicists have tried to find it, but without significant success to this day. Richard Feynman, the theory wizard of Caltech in Pasadena, once suggested that every one of his theory colleagues should write on the blackboard in his office: 137 -- how shamefully little we understand!
Ashley Null, Thomas Cranmer's Doctrine of Repentance: Renewing the Power to Love|early modern Christianity is often portrayed as an essentially European religion. This is regrettable because classic Christianity has its pre-European roots in cultures that are far distant from Europe and that preceded the development of early modern European identity, and some of its some of its greatest minds have been African.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|He was perceived to be intellectually promiscuous, a little too eager to please all groups.
Kristen Ashley, For You|Just let me sleep," she grumbled. "Let me sleep, and I'll sign a paper that you're a fucking angel.
Ramana Pemmaraju|He's got a box with a demon in it that draws pictures," said Rincewind shortly. "Do what the madman says and he will give you gold.
