Edgar Wright|The experience of returning to the blank page and having nothing in the drawer was intensely painful. I just thought, I never want that to happen again.
Brian Holguin, Aria Volume 1: The Magic Of Aria|In answer, the news of the Gospel is that extraordinary things happen. ... Lear goes berserk on a heath but comes out of it for a few brief hours every inch a king. Zaccheus climbs up a sycamore tree a crook and climbs down a saint. Paul sets out a hatchet man for the Pharisees and comes back a fool for Christ.
Michael Grant|Am I shallow? she asks the mirror. Yes, I am shallow. The sun shines on the ripples where it's shallow. Deep is too dark.
Francis Parkman|Faithfulness to the truth of history involves far more than research, however patient and scrupulous, into special facts. The narrator must seek to imbue himself with the life and spirit of the time.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Certainly, Gentlemen, it ought to be the happiness and glory of a representative to live in the strictest union, the closest correspondence, and the most unreserved communication with his constituents. Their wishes ought to have great weight with him; their opinions high respect; their business unremitted attention. It is his duty to sacrifice his repose, his /pleasure, his satisfactions, to theirs/, --- and above all, ever, and in all cases, to prefer their interest to his own.But his unbiased opinion, his mature judgement, his enlightened conscience, he ought not to sacrifice to you, to any man, or to any set of men living. These he does not derive from your pleasure, --- no, nor from the law and the Constitution. They are a trust from Providence, for the abuse of which he is deeply answerable. Your Representative owes you, not his industry only, but his judgement; and he betrays, instead of serving you, if he sacrifices it to your opinions.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Ann Druyan suggests an experiment: Look back again at the pale blue dot of the preceding chapter. Take a good long look at it. Stare at the dot for any length of time and then try to convince yourself that God created the whole Universe for one of the 10 million or so species of life that inhabit that speck of dust. Now take it a step further: Imagine that everything was made just for a single shade of that species, or gender, or ethnic or religious subdivision. If this doesn’t strike you as unlikely, pick another dot. Imagine it to be inhabited by a different form of intelligent life. They, too, cherish the notion of a God who has created everything for their benefit. How seriously do you take their claim?
David Mixner|I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own.
Elissa Sussman|There once were four sistersWho were exceptionally ordinary,But desired more than a maiden should desireRavaged by their shameful wantsTheir loving hearts never bloomedInstead four wicked bramblesGrew in their placeEach taintedWith poisonous magic
Frederick the Great, Anti-Machiavel|If the men were without passions, it would be forgivable to see Machiavel try to give some to them; he would be the new [[Prometheus]] bringing celestial fire to breathe life into robots. But no man is without passions. When they are moderated, they are the heart of the enterprise; but when the brake is stripped of them, they are its destruction.
Adi Alsaid, Somewhere Over the Sun|What's so great about writing?" "You can make anything true
Nana Mouskouri|I have had my genome fully sequenced and have learned a great deal about which medications I would respond to and which might or would induce major side effects, along with knowing many medical conditions for which I'm particularly susceptible.
David Alan Grier|'The Sopranos' is filled with really retrograde humor. Bathroom humor, falls, stupid puns, bad jokes - infantile, adolescent stuff, but it makes me laugh.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|To remain indifferent to the challenges we face is indefensible. If the goal is noble, whether or not it is realized within our lifetime is largely irrelevant. What we must do therefore is to strive and persevere and never give up.
Elizabeth George, A Woman's Daily Walk with God|A true woman of virtue is one who will socialize with every man on earth, and doesn't share her body with any of them.
Andrew Sean Greer, Less|But I suppose it's part of being old to feel that way, half in one world and half in the other, all of it mixed together in my mind. No one's left who even knows my name. Folks call me Auntie, on account of I never could have children of my own, and I guess that suits me fine. Sometime it's like I've got so many people inside of me I'm never alone at all. And when I go, I'll be taking them with me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What relationships need strengthening in your life? Don’t wait for them to grow cold or bitter, but ask God to help you strengthen them by putting God’s love into action—begin today.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Aww, the sound of waves crashing along the ocean side and spraying back up to touch the wind only for a moment, then to fall back down becoming the ocean once more...
Vivid Darkness|You burn like a candleinside my soul,showing me a waythrough this darkness.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Haven't you learned anything, not even with the approach of death? Stop thinking all the time that you're in the way, that you're bothering the person next to you. If people don't like it, they can complain. And if they don't have the courage to complain, that's their problem
Havelock Ellis|In some mysterious way woods have never seemed to me to be static things. In physical terms, I move through them; yet in metaphysical ones, they seem to move through me.
Kahlil Gibran|For what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and to melt into the sun? And when the earth shall claim your limbs, then shall you truly dance.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In solitude, you will find the soul.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|But, God knows best, I concluded.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|If he makes himself as good as he tells others to be, then he in truth can teach others. Difficult indeed is self-control.
Marvin Ammori|Startups, in some sense, have gotten so easy to start that we are confusing two things. And what we are confusing, often, is, 'How far can you get in your first day of travel?' with, 'How long it is going to take to get up to the top of the mountain?'
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|I have a complicated spiritual history. Here's the short version: I was born into a Mass-going Roman Catholic family, but my parents left the church when I was in the fifth grade and joined a Southern Baptist church—yes, in Connecticut. I am an alumnus of Wheaton College—Billy Graham's alma mater in Illinois, not the Seven Sisters school in Massachusetts—and the summer between my junior and senior year of (Christian) high school, I spent a couple of months on a missions trip performing in whiteface as a mime-for-the-Lord on the streets of London's West End. Once I left home for Wheaton, I ended up worshiping variously (and when I could haul my lazy tuckus out of bed) at the nondenominational Bible church next to the college, a Christian hippie commune in inner-city Chicago left over from the Jesus Freak movement of the 1960s, and an artsy-fartsy suburban Episcopal parish that ended up splitting over same-sex issues. My husband of more than a decade likes to describe himself as a “collapsed Catholic,” and for more than twenty-five years, I have been a born-again Christian. Groan, I know. But there's really no better term in the current popular lexicon to describe my seminal spiritual experience. It happened in the summer of 1980 when I was about to turn ten years old. My parents had both had born-again experiences themselves about six months earlier, shortly before our family left the Catholic church—much to the shock and dismay of the rest of our extended Irish and/or Italian Catholic family—and started worshiping in a rented public grade school gymnasium with the Southern Baptists. My mother had told me all about what she'd experienced with God and how I needed to give my heart to Jesus so I could spend eternity with him in heaven and not frying in hell. I was an intellectually stubborn and precocious child, so I didn't just kneel down with her and pray the first time she told me about what was going on with her and Daddy and Jesus. If something similar was going to happen to me, it was going to happen in my own sweet time. A few months into our family's new spiritual adventure, after hearing many lectures from Mom and sitting through any number of sermons at the Baptist church—each ending with an altar call and an invitation to make Jesus the Lord of my life—I got up from bed late one Sunday night and went downstairs to the den where my mother was watching television. I couldn't sleep, which was unusual for me as a child. I was a champion snoozer. In hindsight I realize something must have been troubling my spirit.Mom went into the kitchen for a cup of tea and left me alone with the television, which she had tuned to a church service. I don't remember exactly what the preacher said in his impassioned, sweaty sermon, but I do recall three things crystal clearly: The preacher was Jimmy Swaggart; he gave an altar call, inviting the folks in the congregation in front of him and at home in TV land to pray a simple prayer asking Jesus to come into their hearts; and that I prayed that prayer then and there, alone in the den in front of the idiot box. Seriously. That is precisely how I got “saved.” Alone. Watching Jimmy Swaggart on late-night TV. I also spent a painful vacation with my family one summer at Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker's Heritage USA Christian theme park in South Carolina. But that's a whole other book…
James Lusarde, The Apartment of Sex|We fitted together like the two halves of an oyster-shell. I was Narcissus, embracing the pond in which I was about to drown. However much we had to hide our love, however guarded we had to be about our pleasure, I could not long be miserable about a thing so very sweet. Nor, in my gladness, could I quite believe that anybody would be anything but happy for me if only they knew.
Maculategiraffe, Jesse's Story|Taylor, listen to me. I could tell you that it’s okay. That she wasn’t a wonderful person, or I didn’t love her. I could tell you that she’s happier now, and her life would’ve been sad and filled with pain and longing to see her love again. I could say that I’m not struggling with her death, as well as the death of the hope that she could once again be part of my life. But instead I’ll just say that I’m sad, too, sweetheart. That way I can spare you the struggle of detecting the lie in my words.
Dean Koontz, Demon Seed|Then what are you? An electronic Hannibal Lector? You can't eat my liver with fava beans through a modem, you know.
Sunday Adelaja|When you get wisdom, failure and discouragement will get behind you.
Eric Burns, The Joy of Books|The serious reader in the age of technology is a rebel by definition: a protester without a placard, a Luddite without hammer or bludgeon. She reads on planes to picket the antiseptic nature of modern travel, on commuter trains to insist on individualism in the midst of the herd, in hotel rooms to boycott the circumstances that separate her from her usual sources of comfort and stimulation, during office breaks to escape from the banal conversation of office mates, and at home to revolt against the pervasive and mind-deadening irrelevance of television.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Faced with an ecological crisis whose roots lie in this disengagement, in the separation of human agency and social responsibility from the sphere of our direct involvement with the non-human environment, it surely behoves us to reverse this order of priority. I began with the point that while both humans and animals have histories of their mutual relations, only humans narrate such histories. But to construct a narrative, one must already dwell in the world and, in the dwelling, enter into relationships with its constituents, both human and non-human. I am suggesting that we rewrite the history of human-animal relations, taking this condition of active engagement, of being-in-the-world, as our starting point. We might speak of it as a history of human concern with animals, insofar as this notion conveys a caring, attentive regard, a 'being with'. And I am suggesting that those of us who are 'with' animals in their day-to-day lives, most notably hunters and herdsmen, can offer us some of the best possible indications of how we might proceed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Happiness cannot be bought by money,cannot be acquired by degrees,cannot be realized by power,and cannot be earned by honor;but can be won by kindness,gained by charity,attained by goodness,and achieved by love.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Once you have life, there exists a hope.
Katie Stevens|And whether a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska, they look up at the same night sky, they fill their heart with the same dreams, and they are infused with the breath of life by the same almighty Creator.
A.R. Von, Jailhouse Rock|Seeing you with that guy tonight made me nuts, because every bone in my body says you’re mine.
Julian Barnes, Levels of Life|The final tormenting, unanswerable question: what is 'success' in mourning?
Émile Zola, La Curée|Killing flowers for our own happiness is a wrong attitude, it is a wrong culture! We must change this attitude and abolish this culture! Let the flowers live!
Nina Guilbeau|Even when we do not actively participate in our destiny, we are still on a chosen path. Life has a way of making decisions for us.
Elizabeth Jane Howard, Mr. Wrong|Life without risks is like a burrito without Tabasco. Bland, but you’ll still fart.
Marjorie Garber|We do literature a real disservice if we reduce it to knowledge or to use, to a problem to be solved. If literature solves problems, it does so by its own inexhaustibility, and by its ultimate refusal to be applied or used, even for moral good. This refusal, indeed, is literature's most moral act. At a time when meanings are manifold, disparate, and always changing, the rich possibility of interpretation--the happy resistance of the text to ever be fully known and mastered--is one of the most exhilarating products of human culture.
Britney Spears|It’s weird like, you can see the cruelest part of the world. The cruelest part. But then on the other side you see the most beautiful part, do you know? And it’s like you go from one extreme to the next and they’re both worth it, because you wouldn’t see one without the other. But that cruel part, is damn cruel and you’ll never forget it. But that heaven…is heaven.
Charles Alexander Eastman|Prejudice in this country is like chapters in a book. Chapter One: Hating the Africans and Indians. Chapter Two: Don't forget the Irish. Chapter Three: Polish jokes."..... "Hispanics? Latinos? Whatever you call us? Maybe we're Chapter Fifteen or Sixteen on the East Coast, but we're the preface in the West.
Debasish Mridha|In the universe, nothing is either beautiful or ugly, but our perception and thinking makes it so.
Kristin Hannah, Home Front|There are all sorts of families," Tom's grandmother had remarked, and over the following few weeks Tom became part of the Casson family, as Micheal and Sarah and Derek-from-the-camp had done before him.He immediately discovered that being a member of the family was very different from being a welcome friend. If you were a Casson family member, for example, and Eve drifted in from the shed asking, "Food? Any ideas? Or shall we not bother?" then you either joined in the search of the kitchen cupboards or counted the money in the housekeeping jam jar and calculated how many pizzas you could afford. Also, if you were a family member you took care of Rose, helped with homework (Saffron and Sarah were very strict about homework), unloaded the washing machine, learned to fold up Sarah's wheelchair, hunted for car keys, and kept up the hopeful theory that in the event of a crisis Bill Casson would disengage himself from his artistic life in London and rush home to help.
Eileen Myles|In the winter of 1940, 'The Atlantic Monthly' invited Peter Viereck, a twenty-three-year-old Harvard graduate who had won the college's top essay and poetry prizes, to write about 'the meaning of young liberalism for the present age.'
Matthew Quick, Love May Fail|If you want success, then be your own success story.
Unknown|You could warm Mars up, over time, with greenhouse gases.
Andy Behrman|While I do commend the Administration on its commitment and focus on high school reform, I believe that we must focus on graduation as the key accountability measure.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, The Gift of Story: A Wise Tale About What is Enough|Like night dreams, stores often use symbolic language, therefore bypassing the ego and persona, and traveling straight to the spirit and soul who listen for the ancient and universal instructions embedded there. Because of this process, stories can teach, correct errors, lighten the heart and the darkness, provide psychic shelter, assist transformation and heal wounds.
Ali Harper, Beautiful Bedlam|King Tiernan scowled at the mess his father had gotten him into...all because the heartless man had to die. Hawk fae kings were to immediately marry as soon as they were seated on the throne and a suitable bride could be found...Legend had it that the queen always met an early death - ordered by the king himself, although it was said that a secret order of assassins was given the task. Why? Because two sons or a son and a daughter could fight over ruling the kingdom. Civil war could ensue. So best to ensure the queen only had one offspring. And then, she no longer was needed.
Bill Gates|The person earning the federal minimum wage of $7.25 isn't going out to eat at restaurants. They're not taking piano lessons. They're not going to the gym or the yoga studio. They're not sending mom flowers on Mother's day. What good is this person in the economy? If you raise it to $15 an hour, they're doing all of those things.
Albert Einstein|I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
Daniel J. Levitin|Use the Internet to help your daily life, not replace to replace it. NetworkEtiquette.net
Hamza Yusuf, Agenda to Change Our Condition|The differences between religions are reflected very clearly in the different forms of sacred art: compared with Gothic art, above all in its “flamboyant” style, Islamic art is contemplative rather than volitive: it is “intellectual” and not “dramatic”, and it opposes the cold beauty of geometrical design to the mystical heroism of cathedrals. Islam is the perspective of “omnipresence” (“God is everywhere”), which coincides with that of “simultaneity” (“Truth has always been”); it aims at avoiding any “particularization” or “condensation”, any “unique fact” in time and space, although as a religion it necessarily includes an aspect of “unique fact”, without which it would be ineffective or even absurd. In other words Islam aims at what is “everywhere center”, and this is why, symbolically speaking, it replaces the cross with the cube or the woven fabric: it “decentralizes” and “universalizes” to the greatest possible extent, in the realm of art as in that of doctrine; it is opposed to any individualist mode and hence to any “personalist” mysticism. To express ourselves in geometrical terms, we could say that a point which seeks to be unique, and which thus becomes an absolute center, appears to Islam—in art as in theology—as a usurpation of the divine absoluteness and therefore as an “association” (shirk); there is only one single center, God, whence the prohibition against “centralizing” images, especially statues; even the Prophet, the human center of the tradition, has no right to a “Christic uniqueness” and is “decentralized” by the series of other Prophets; the same is true of Islam—or the Koran—which is similarly integrated in a universal “fabric” and a cosmic “rhythm”, having been preceded by other religions—or other “Books”—which it merely restores. The Kaaba, center of the Muslim world, becomes space as soon as one is inside the building: the ritual direction of prayer is then projected toward the four cardinal points.If Christianity is like a central fire, Islam on the contrary resembles a blanket of snow, at once unifying and leveling and having its center everywhere.
Sukhraj Dhillon, Soul and Reincarnation: What Happens to Soul at the Time of Death|I am not this hair and skin, I am the SOUL that lives within.
Guy Kawasaki, APE: Author, Publisher, Entrepreneur. How to Publish a Book|Some writers are the kind of solo violinists who need complete silence to tune their instruments. Others want to hear every member of the orchestra—they’ll take a cue from a clarinet, from an oboe, even. I am one of those. My writing desk is covered in open novels. I read lines to swim in a certain sensibility, to strike a particular note, to encourage rigour when I’m too sentimental, to bring verbal ease when I’m syntactically uptight. I think of reading like a balanced diet; if your sentences are baggy, too baroque, cut back on fatty Foster Wallace, say, and pick up Kafka, as roughage. If your aesthetic has become so refined it is stopping you from placing a single black mark on white paper, stop worrying so much about what Nabokov would say; pick up Dostoyevsky, patron saint of substance over style.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We often try to force the experience we want to have, instead of allowing the experience we were meant to have, and in doing this, we miss out on gaining any new insight or understanding.
Sydney J. Harris, Pieces Of Eight|The three hardest tasks in the world are neither physical feats nor intellectual achievements, but moral acts: to return love for hate, to include the excluded, and to say, "I was wrong.
Frank Luntz|Far more creativity, today, goes into marketing of products than into the products themselves
Rhi Etzweiler, Blacker than Black|He was not so lucky. He hadn't yet had enough experience with humans to know that the thing the hold dearest to their hearts, the last thing they relinquish when all else is fading, is the consoling belief in the inferiority of others.
Carlos Slim|We live in a world where there are a hell of a lot of new inputs that need to be factored in to your business. It used to be just about your employees and your customers. Now there are all the issues about global warming, about sustainability, about ethics and now about gender and the distribution of wealth.
Daniel Goleman|The media has zero integrity, zero intelligence, and no hard work. You're the opposition party. Not the Democratic Party. You're the opposition party. The media's the opposition party.
Mervyn Peake, The Gormenghast Novels|Now I know without a shadow of doubt that you can't chase away those images, let alone the visible holes that burrow deep down inside. You can't chase away the reverberations or the memories that stir as night falls or in the early hours. You can't chase away echoing screams, still less echoing silence
Clive Thompson|The humanitarian developers behind World of Warcraft have also discovered a way to bribe gamers into turning off their computers and going outside. If you log off for a few days, your character will be more 'rested' when you resume playing, a mode that temporarily speeds up your leveling.
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|And it sucks, because I want to kiss her. It's infuriating how perfect it would be to kiss her right now, perched on a cannon on a pirate ship under the stars. That sounds like something off the pages of an adventure novel. But my life isn't one of those stories. My story is a hurricane, and here with Swift is just the eye.
Alan Alda, Never Have Your Dog Stuffed: And Other Things I've Learned|Jesus Christ was innocent too,' said Svejk, 'and all the same they crucified him. No one anywhere has ever worried about a man being innocent. Maul halten und weiter dienen ['Grin and bear it and get on with the job'] - as they used to tell us in the army. That's the best and finest thing of all.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Demons|The more perfect a person is on the outside, the more demons they have on the inside.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|Each person has the potential to be good and productive, yet I also know that many people never begin to tap their true potential. It is human nature to surrender to the lowest common denominator. We must purposely strive to move ahead and achieve.
William Guarnere|What you don’t know going in is that when you come out, you will be scarred for life. Whether you were in for a week, a month, or a year—even if you come home without a scratch—you are never, ever going to be the same.When I went in, I was eighteen. I thought it was all glory and you win lots of medals. You think you’re going to be the guy. Then you find out the cost is very great. Especially when you don’t see the kids you were with when you went in. Living with it can be hell. It’s like the devil presides in you. I knew what I sighed up for, yes, and I would do it again. But the reality of war—words can’t begin to describe it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you ask me I think the greatest breakthrough each and everyone of us need is not on finance, marriage, work, relationship, own house, car but self. The first breakthrough should start from being selfish.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|I am not the potter, not the potter's wheel, but the potter's clay; is not the value of the shape attained as dependent upon the intrinsic worth of the clay as upon the wheel and the Master's skill?
J.M. Coetzee, Diary of a Bad Year|Music expresses feeling, that is to say, gives shape and habitation to feeling, not in space but in time. To the extent that music has a history that is more than a history of its formal evolution, our feelings must have a history too. Perhaps certain qualities of feeling that found expression in music can be recorded by being notated on paper, have become so remote that we can no longer inhabit them as feelings, can get a grasp of them only after long training in the history and philosophy of music, the philosophical history of music, the history of music as a history of the feeling soul.
John Barrowman, Anything Goes|I am who I am firstly because of genetics, and, running a very close second, because of choices: ones my parents made, such as choosing to emigrate to America; ones their parents made, like my Papa Butler opting to ignore medical advice and instead warming my mum in the oven to keep her alive; and very conscious ones that I've made for myself.
Jordan Deen|Your heart can't be in two places at once, at least not while maintaining a relationship.
E.M. Forster, What I Believe and Other Essays|In the South American rainforest, there is a tribe called the Desana, who see the world as a fixed quantity of energy that flows between all creatures. Every birth must therefore engender a death, and every death brings forth another birth. This way, the energy of the world remains complete.When they hunt for food, the Desana know the animals they kill will leave a hole in the spiritual well. But that hole will be filled, they believe, by the Desana hunters when they die. Were there no men dying, there would be no birds or fish being born. I like this idea. Morrie likes it, too. The closer he gets to goodbye, the more he seems to feel we are all creatures in the same forest. What we take, we must replenish."It's only fair," he says.
John Berger, Hold Everything Dear: Dispatches on Survival and Resistance|Nobody wants to admit that mermaids who survive the dangers of the ocean can still be defeated by their own pain." He links his fingers through mine. He squeezes my hand until I look back. "A mermaid's heart is the most fragile thing in the sea. You've somehow managed to keep yours beating. The shield doesn't matter. What matters is you're a survivor.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|Don't be sorry;Don't you cry.It's enoughThat you tried.I love you,And that won't change.It's not your faultThings worked out this way
David Wolfe, Longevity Now: A Comprehensive Approach to Healthy Hormones, Detoxification, Super Immunity, Reversing Calcification, and Total Rejuvenation|As we’re bombarded daily with new ads for pills, diets and ab-doers, we have to protect our wallets and our time.
Simon R. Green, Ghost of a Chance|Indifference is a well that never runs dry, and as good a word for evil as was ever composed.
Shirley Jackson|We may think of ourselves as static anti-heroes, but in reality we're dynamic protagonists just waiting for our courage to kick in.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Break the rules, stand apart, ignore your head, and follow your heart,
Grant Gilmore, The Ages of American Law|Law reflects but in no sense determines the moral worth of a society. The values of a reasonably just society will reflect themselves in a reasonably just law. The better the society, the less law there will be. In heaven there will be no law, and the lion shall lie down with the lamb. The values of an unjust society will reflect themselves in an unjust law. The worse the society, the more law there will be. In hell there will be nothing but law, and due process will be meticulously observed.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Inferno|If you think that you're so smart and holy, that means you haven't yet realized that a part of what we experience today...is a result of our stupidity and wickedness in the past.
Susan Butcher|I do not know the word 'quit'. Either I never did, or I have abolished it.
Becky Lewellen Povich|Part of the torture of autism is that the future is so impossibly unsure. Your child might become a fully functioning member of society and appear no different than anyone else, even if he does have to look at mouths instead of eyes and can't stand to give his own kids a bath. Or, he might be so violent that he requires institutionalization... Either way, you're expected to work your ass off for it.
Retta|Education in general, and higher education in particular, is on the brink of a huge disruption. Two big questions, which were once so well-settled that we ceased asking them, are now up for grabs. What should young people be learning? And what sorts of credentials indicate they're ready for the workforce?
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|It's strange to see people you don't know well in the morning, with sleepy eyes and pillow creases in their cheeks
Jim Harrison|Judaism doesn't recognize gay marriage, just as we don't recognize milk and meat together as kosher, and nothing will change it... I'm not a hypocrite; I state my positions.
Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express|The deviant and the conformist...are creatures of the same culture, inventions of the same imagination.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|I think ... I should go home soon. Mom and Luke are probably going nuts. What about you?"He shrugged, a casual lift of one shoulder. "You tell me. When I left Nevernever, I didn't have any plans other than being with you. If you want me around, just say the word.
Rick Riordan|Traveling, you realize that differences are lost: each city takes to resembling all cities, places exchange their form, order, distances, a shapeless dust cloud invades the continents.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Fair Maiden|The best part of being a nanny, Katya thought, was reading children’s books aloud to enraptured children like Tricia, for no one had read such books aloud to her when she’d been a little girl. There hadn’t been such books in the Spivak household on County Line Road, nor would there have been any time for such interludes.
Pippa DaCosta, Drowning In The Dark|Have a Werebeast free day!" - Lucy Lowell
Ariel Gore, Atlas of the Human Heart|I walked until the water lapped against my chest, and then I kept walking until it kissed the underside of my jaw. I was surprised how cold it was. I closed my eyes and ducked beneath the surface. Thee was the wind and the clouds and the pure pool and the boy beneath its unsettled surface, and the blood, the boy's and monster's, defiling the pool.
Shelly Thacker, His Stolen Bride|Lauren closed her eyes, remembering how desperate she had been this morn in Chartres, how she had prayed for divine intervention to stop her wedding.She had never expected that intervention to be riding a black horse and wielding a sword.
Douglas Horton|Emigration is no longer a solution; it's a defeat. People are risking death, drowning every day, but they're knocking on doors that are not open.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What you do not sow, cannot grow.
Virginia Aird, A Fiery Lass|Sleep well in my arms tonight, love, but know that we must come to an understanding of sorts--for I be a full-blooded male as this fire in my loins doth remind me--and unfortunately, not the saint ye so obviously would have me!
Flora Rheta Schreiber, Sybil: The Classic True Story of a Woman Possessed by Sixteen Personalities|They called me mad, and I called them mad, and damn them, they outvoted me.
Julia Michaels|I like to play the grey areas in life - that's the most uncomfortable place to be. Nobody likes to be in that in-between state where there don't know what's going to happen. There's a lot of tension in that, and a lot of stuff to play with - where it's uncomfortable and awkward and sad and scary.
Stacey Jay, Romeo Redeemed|These are fat mummies sitting with their bags of crisps in front of the television, saying that thin models are ugly. Fashion is about dreams and illusions, and no one wants to see round women.
Francis Parker Yockey|I always give Lindsay so much credit for her tennis game, for her attitude, for her person, and because of how she deals with all the things. I don't think people give her enough credit for how well she's doing.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You can only know how confident you are when you kick-start. True confidence is not found in excessive rehearsals; it comes from experience. Plan, prepare, but will willing to make it happen!
Octavio Paz|A lot of people tell me a lot of things about my conduct, my game, my future... but I try to stay away from their words of wisdom. I don't let it distract me. On the field, you will be facing the ball alone. If you fail, you will the only one to blame. So, you should be the one deciding for yourself.
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|You, dear reader, have now two accounts to choose between and there can be no doubt which is most probable.
Tullian Tchividjian, Jesus + Nothing = Everything|Because Jesus was someone, you’re free to be no one.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we need help, we must cry to the Most High God.
Dorothy L. Sayers|What women want as a class is irrelevant. I want to know about Aristotle. It is true that most women care nothing about him, and a great many male undergraduates turn pale and faint at the thought of him-but I, eccentric individual that I am, do want to know about Aristotle, and I submit that there is nothing in my shape or bodily functions which need prevent my knowing about him.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a heart's feeling, there is no understanding or judging.
W. Clement Stone|I get up and pace the room, as if I can leave my guilt behind me. But it tracks me as I walk, an ugly shadow made by myself.
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|Years ago, homosexuals were given special status within the tribe. They had powerful medicine. I think it's even more true today, even though our tribe has assimilated into homophobia. I mean, a person has to have magic to assert their identity without regard to all the bullshit, right?
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|His best talent had yet to be determined, unless you counted unrealized potential.
Shayla Orick|Not that I can think of. In fact, I have never met anyone who didn’t like gargoyles.
Meredith Wild, Into the Fire|When the pieces fell around him, he'd pick them up.	It was what he was good at, after all.	Restoring what was once lost, what could never be perfectly whole again.
Magan Vernon, Life, Love, & Lemons|Isn't that thing a little unsanitary for the workplace?" I pointed to his lip ring."I assure you that my lip ring is the last thing you should be worried about." He smiled as he leaned on the counter.
Gary Patton|If everything is mission, nothing is mission.
David McKoy, Storm Warning: Call Sign: Wrecking Crew|The ox was bad enough, Mina thought as she checked out the damage to her vegetables, yet now I have goats to torment me. However, if the goru was like the king, then the goats must be like the political parties, so maybe in the end her life won’t be so different after all? Yet she had to make sure that it would be different this time somehow, at least for Sidip’s sake, if for no other reason.
Jack Wild|When you get close to the raw materials and taste them at the moment they let go of the soil, you learn to respect them.
Shannon L. Alder|Life is a constant battle of fighting your own fears and not absorbing others. Don’t fill the empty spaces of your heart with the fears of others in your life. It is the highly anxious person that will tell you that certain people and experiences need to be labeled and kept either close or at a distance. They go to great lengths to categorize things, in order to feel balance in their life because they are out of balance. Life to them is about control and making you believe that their perfect world is normal when there is nothing normal about it. Highly anxious people live through manipulating their world into what is easy and palatable to them and they can easily pull you into an unrealistic view of the world around them. You constantly have to reassess what is reasonable and what is over exaggerated because fear drives their every action.
L.J. Vanier|The more I think I know I realize, the more that is left unknown and that's the best part.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Though it may sound paradoxical, identifying our thoughts, emotions, and habitual patterns of behavior is the key to freedom & transformation.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You, sir, are the most phantom-like of all; you are a mere dream
Mary Riley Smith|If we could push ajar the gates of life,And stand within, and all God's workings see,We could interpret all this doubt and strife,And for each mystery could find a key.But not today. Then be content, poor heart!God's plans, like lilies pure and white, unfold:We must not tear the close-shut leaves apart--Time will reveal the calyxes of gold.
Beth Kephart, Small Damages|Always be YOU – Those who appreciate the real YOU will be blessed and those who do not, do not deserve to know YOU.
Doug Stanhope, Digging Up Mother: A Love Story|How easy it would be just to let go, to go willingly into all that wonderful energy.
Glen Cook|Write. Don't talk about writing. Don't tell me about your wonderful story ideas. Don't give me a bunch of 'somedays'. Plant your ass and scribble, type, keyboard. If you have any talent at all it will leak out despite your failure to pay attention in Eng
Nancy Gibbs|Whoever thinks that he alone has speech, or possesses speech or mind above others, when unfolded such men are seen to be empty.
Patrick O'Brian, Post Captain|A foolish German had said that man thought in words. It was totally false; a pernicious doctrine; the thoughts flashed into being in a hundred simultaneous forms, with a thousand associations, and the speaking mind selected one, forming it grossly into the inadequate symbols of words, inadequate because common to disparate situations - admitted to be inadequate for vast regions of expression, since for them there were the parallel languages of music and painting. Words were not called for in many or indeed most forms of thought: Mozart certainly thought in terms of music. He himself at this moment was thinking in terms of scent.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Pursuit|Oh, is that all you’re looking forward to - a break from your studies?” He peered down at her with a knowing smirk.
Anthony Trollope, Barchester Towers|Wars about trifles are always bitter, especially among neighbours. When the differences are great, and the parties comparative strangers, men quarrel with courtesy. What combatants are ever so eager as two brothers?
Swami Vivekananda|Feel nothing, know nothing, do nothing, have nothing, give up all to God, and say utterly, 'Thy will be done.' We only dream this bondage. Wake up and let it go.
VicDo|Jehovah’s Witness? Don’t sweat it. I’m going to hell, already booked my ticket. Bright side? I’m pagan. Your hell is my heaven... if for no other reason than you won’t be there.
Jeff Bezos|Your mindset matters. It affects everything - from the business and investment decisions you make, to the way you raise your children, to your stress levels and overall well-being.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|…because he was far more interested in allowing his disciples to cultivate a relationship and trust with and in him than leading them to a place of "arrival".
Georgia King|The protests and pain over the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown had me wondering if we can ever experience the world as others do. For no matter how disputed the circumstances of both cases, many people see what happened in black and white.
Bruce Hood, Kanunların Ruhu Üzerine|Unravelling the complexity of human development is a daunting task and it is unlikely that scientists will ever be able to do so for even one individual, because the interactions of biology and environment are likelihoods and not certainties. There are just too many ways that the cards could stack up. More importantly, as the vernacular saying goes, "Shit happens", which is a very succinct and scientifically accurate way of saying that random events during development can change the course of who we become in unpredictable ways.
Nikki Rowe|There is a gift in experiencing so much tragedy of life from a young age, you gain the wisdom earlier to make better choices for later.
Christopher Daniel Mechling, Peter: The Untold True Story|I know that some people disparage you for your lack of knowledge, and I know you may not understand me, Peter, but I wish you could, because you might be the only person who would. I feel that I can tell you anything Peter.
Dinesh D'Souza, What's So Great About Christianity|I now want to examine a second major feature of Western civilization that derives from Christianity. This is what philosopher Charles Taylor calls the 'affirmation of ordinary life.' It is the simple idea that ordinary people are fallible, and yet these fallible people matter. In this view, society should organize itself in order to meet their everyday concerns, which are elevated into a kind of spiritual framework. The nuclear family, the idea of limited government, the Western concept of the rule of law, and our culture's high emphasis on the relief of suffering all derive from this basic Christian understanding of the dignity of fallible human beings.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|What is YOUR personal brand? How are you packaging your unique talents, style, personality and/or products to represent who you are, what you do, and how you show yourself to the world?
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Strange as it may seem, within plain sight of this same house, looking down from its commanding height upon it, was the Capitol. The voices of patriotic representatives boasting of freedom and equality, and the rattling of the poor slave's chains, almost commingled. A slave pen within the very shadow of the Capitol!
Andrew Carnegie|This, then, is held to be the duty of the man of wealth: To set an example of modest, unostentatious living, shunning display or extravagance; to provide moderately for the legitimate wants of those dependent on him; and, after doing so, to consider all surplus revenues which come to him simply as trust funds, which he is called upon to administer, and strictly bound as a matter of duty to administer in the manner which, in his judgement, is best calculated to produce the most beneficial results for the community--the man of wealth thus becoming the mere trustee and agent for his poorer brethren, bringing to their service his superior wisdom, experience, and ability to administer, doing for them better than they would or could do for themselves.
O. Palmer Robertson|I suck their blood, robbing them of life. But each time I do so, it robs me of my soul.
Thomas Ligotti|Much of our Fear, is based in the fear of loss. We fear losing our own lives. We fear death for our family and friends. We fear the loss of our means of survival. In the Western World that's tied up in the way we make money to support ourselves and families. In many parts of the World, it's more basic: food and water. We fear violence, oppression. We fear others.
Mark Shields|The more equality women have, the fairer, more civilized and tolerant society will be. Sexual equality is a lot more effective against terrorism than military strength.
AnnaLynne McCord|I didn't make my first solo record until 1981 so I don't have any 60's or 70's recordings but I am working on a large boxed set called DUST to be released next year, the 20th anniversary of my first solo record.
Hopal Green|When faced with challenges, if you can not CHANGE the situation, NEVER WORRY, replace worry with FAITH. If you can change the situation, makes steps in order to overcome. Always remember worrying does not solve your challenge, it only adds to it!
Tsh Oxenreider, At Home in the World|Tea drinking is a liturgy of comfort, and we partake of it everywhere in the world. It’s a ceremony of simplicity, nourishment for both the nomads in foreign teahouses and homebodies in their beds.
Rick Santelli|I know there's millions of problems in the world, but if you dwell on those, then you're going to be miserable. I think my meditation helps me to transcend and get beyond the grip of all the negativity and regenerate from within a more positive attitude, which comes in very handy when you're going to do 150 concerts a year.
Hilarie Belloc|Is there any reward?I'm beginning to doubt it.I am broken and bored,Is there any rewardReassure me, Good Lord,And inform me about it.Is there any reward?I'm beginning to doubt it.
Alexis Coe, Alice + Freda Forever: A Murder in Memphis|He should have caught up with me inside of fifteen minutes at the outside, if he'd been able to get on the next train after mine. But then there was that station agent to be considered. And Rafe didn't have a solitary coin on him; he'd have to break one of those fifties. I now remembered something that I'd been noticing half my life and that had never meant anything to me until today - a little sign outside each subway change booth, advising the public that the agent wasn't obliged to make change for anything bigger than $1. Never get mixed up in a murder, flashed through my mind insanely, unless you've got plenty of small change.("Don't Wait Up For Me, Tonight")
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Lasher,’ she said, ‘for the wind which you send that lashes the grasslands, for the wind that lashes the leaves from the trees.
G. Arnell Williams, How Math Works: A Guide to Grade School Arithmetic for Parents and Teachers|[Benjamin Peirce's] lectures were not easy to follow. They were never carefully prepared. The work with which he rapidly covered the blackboard was very illegible, marred with frequent erasures, and not infrequent mistakes (he worked too fast for accuracy). He was always ready to digress from the straight path and explore some sidetrack that had suddenly attracted his attention, but which was likely to have led nowhere when the college bell announced the close of the hour and we filed out, leaving him abstractedly staring at his work, still with chalk and eraser in his hands, entirely oblivious of his departing class.
Larry McMurtry, Walter Benjamin at the Dairy Queen: Reflections on Sixty and Beyond|Great readers (are) those who know early that there is never going to be time to read all there is to read, but do their darnedest anyway.
Don De Grazia, American Skin|If everybody spent enough time worrying about their own goddamn selves, no one would have to worry about anyone else.
Tad Williams, Shadowrise|Whatever my ancestors did to you, none of them consulted me.
Omar Kiam|Upon walking into Eva's kitchen, something profound happened to Delphine. She experienced a fabulous expansion of being. Light-headed, she felt a swooping sensation and then a quiet, as though she'd settled like a bird.
K.R. Smith, Scent|There are vampires. They are real, they are of our time, and they are here, close by, stalking us as we sleep...
Cornell Woolrich, Tonight, Somewhere in New York: The Last Stories and an Unfinished Novel|It was a brave city, she decided, eyeing them. Brave in its other sense; not courageous, so much as outstanding, commanding. It was too nice a town to die in. Though it had no honeysuckle vines and no balconies and no guitars, it was meant for love. For living and for love, and the two were inseparable; one didn't come without the other.("Too Nice A Day To Die")
Na|Illusion close to reality was your love, you certainly are quintessential with your licks and promises.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|When I could find something to laugh about for 30 minutes, my grief lightened just enough to make the day bearable.
Jeffrey Fry|I mean, really: what kind of person could possibly dislike me?
Rakesh Vemulawada|Christians, who do not know the purpose of their salvation, are actually just mediocre people
Norman Borlaug|Music is my life, it is a reflection of what I go through.
Thurgood Marshall|Every miserable fool who has nothing at all of which he can be proud, adopts as a last resource pride in the nation to which he belongs; he is ready and happy to defend all its faults and follies tooth and nail, thus reimbursing himself for his own inferiority.
Eric Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|There is absolutely no excuse to stay where you are at right now. If you are weak, He can make you strong. If you are timid He can make you brave. If you are a pervert, He can make you pure. If you are selfish, He can make you selfless. if you are a shepherd, He can make you a king. If you are mediocre, He can make you a Mighty One of valor.
Chimnese Davids, My Unrequited Love Letters|Not merely hope, but any burdensome yearning: ambition, hatred, love (especially love) - how rarely do our emotions meet the object they seem to deserve? How hopelessly we signal; how dark the sky; how big the waves. We are all lost at see, washed between hope and despair, hailing something that may never come to rescue us. Catastrophe has become art; but this is no reducing process. It is freeing, enlarging, explaining. Catastrophe has become art: that is, after all, what it is for.
Demetri Bithanos from the Dragon Queen Series|Nothing here is like fighting vampires,' I said. 'It's more like fighting smoke. I think I liked it when I had an actual enemy to face.''Oh, don't worry, you have some. We just haven't seen them yet,' Jesse said. 'But we will. And wham we do...' She showed fang, just a flash; anybody who happened to catch a glimpse would have doubted their sanity, especially since the teeth disappeared in a flash. 'When we do, we'll settle this Morganville style.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I touch her cheek to slow the kiss down, holding her mouth on mine so I can feel every place where our lips touch and every place where they pull away. I savor the air we share in the second afterwards and the slip of her nose across mine. I think of something to say, but it is too intimate, so I swallow it. A moment later I decide I don't care. "I wish we were alone," I say as I back out of the cell. She smiles. "I almost always wish that.
Evan Wright, Generation Kill: Devil Dogs, Iceman, Captain America, and the New Face of American War|In my civilian world at home in Los Angeles, half the people I know are on antidepressants or anti–panic attack drugs because they can’t handle the stress of a mean boss or a crowd at the 7-Eleven when buying a Slurpee.
Jaime Allison Parker, Justice of the Fox|The Sunday morning choir raised their voices to fever pitch with another gospel tune. Slurring voices filled with thick drawls of the local accent. The choir a mix of young girls her own age, alongside elderly women, with a few men thrown in for good measure. The old ladies wore tight gray buns and librarian glasses. Could they have ever been young? Could their husbands have?
Kiera Cass, The Selection|I’ve met nearly every woman in this room, and I can’t think of one who would make a better friend. I’d be glad to have you stay."My relief was inexpressible."Do you think," Maxon asked, "That I could still call you ‘my dear’?" "Not a chance." I whispered.
Melissa Etheridge|I'm drawn to the unconventional because I've been drawn unconventionally. I believe that I'm supposed to topple over these false images of what's idealistically beautiful. Because, of course, these intangible qualities are very attractive to women. Sincerity. Sense of humor. Success.
Ellen J. Barrier|People hate people, not freedom.
K.M. Douglas, Cities of Blood|Hate is bait for the devil, love is the gate to god
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|It was then that Marvin got religion. Not the quiet, personal kind, that involves doing good deeds and living a better life; not even the kind that involves putting on a suit and ringing' people's doorbells; but the kind that involves having your own TV network and getting people to send you money.
Thomas Harris|When I couldn't speak I was not drawn into silence, silence captured me.
Edgar Allan Poe, Al Aaraaf: Reproduced From the Edition Of 1829|And here, in thought, to thee-In thought that can alone, Ascend thy empire and so be A partner of thy throne, By winged Fantasy, My embassy is given, Till secrecy shall knowledge be In the environs of Heaven.
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|He smelled the salt on his own lips and the orange blossoms in her hair. Real ones, he could see now, tucked into the curls with cheap, native combs. The sight of them gave him hope.
Belsebuub|I will love you like God, because of God, mighted by the power of God. I will stop expecting your love, demanding your love, trading for your love, gaming for your love. I will simply love. I am giving myself to you, and tomorrow I will do it again. I suppose the clock itself will wear thin its time before I am ended at this altar of dying and dying again. God risked Himself on me. I will risk myself on you. And together, we will learn to love, and perhaps then, and only then, understand this gravity that drew Him, unto us.
Maren Morris|There is nothing wrong with good accounting, except that it does not necessarily lead to good science.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As Christians we have a responsibility toward the poor, the oppressed, the downtrodden, and the many innocent people around the world who are caught in wars, natural disasters, and situations beyond their control.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|lIf someone tries to steal your watch, by all means fight them off. If someone sues you for your watch, hand it over and be glad you got away so lightly.
Joey W. Hill, Afterlife|Let me put it this way. You, my beautiful girl, have the power to really hurt me, with how I feel about you. Far more than anyone else ever has or ever could. I don’t know if you realize that.
Auliq-Ice|After failure, You must resolve to do whatever the object of your resolution is.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|She instinctively knows that each pretender she eliminates brings her one step closer to the One, and in fact, it is not unusual to hear her use this exact terminology: The One. You can almost hear the Capitalization as she says it.
Victoria Schwab, The Unbound|The worse thing you can do in a fight is stop moving. When someone attacks, they create force, movement, momentum, but you'll be okay as long as you can see and feel the direction of that force and travel with it.
Debasish Mridha|A flower blooms to reveal her beauty just to express her gratitude for all the life, love, and light.
Elizabeth Bourgeret|An age that needs security guards is, of course, without security. What do we have in the dull old days? Old man janitors in the schools; watchmen in the factories, and the watchman was usually the turbanned bearded Bombay armed only with a stick, drowsing on a stool by a gate. How his strong odor remembered now seems the very smell of safety!In his place now lurks the man in uniform, armed with pistol and club and submachine gun: the "security" that stands for the insecurity of our times, being the human equivalent of the iron bars at the window, the barbed wire on the wall.
Marcus du Sautoy|No person, no place, and no thing has any power over us, for 'we' are the only thinkers in our mind. When we create peace and harmony and balance in our minds, we will find it in our lives.
John Steinbeck, The Log from the Sea of Cortez|There is nothing more potent than thought. Deed follows word and word follows thought. And where the thought is mighty and pure, the result is mighty and pure.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|Trying to find answers to why and how my life got into such a dismal mess, I sought answers in the scriptures, in religion and philosophy, but it only confused me further. Stories, on the other hand, helped me cope, heal and recover.
Cheryl Koevoet, The Carnelian Legacy|Are you kidding me? How can you even ask me that? I'm stuck in a world I have no hope of surviving, I'm forced to depend on a guy who thinks I can't be trusted, I'm being pushed into marrying a man who believes I can't talk, and I've lost everyone I've ever cared about! Why wouldn't I feel uneasy?
Meryl Streep|I'm afraid that eating in restaurants reflects one's experiences with movies, art galleries, novels, music - that is, characterized by mild amusement but with an overall feeling of stupidity and shame. Better to cook for yourself.
Owen Jones|But the reality is that chav-hate is a lot more than snobbery. It is a class war. It is an expression of the belief that everyone should become middle class and embrace middle-class values and lifestyles, leaving those who don't to be ridiculed and hated. It is about refusing to acknowledge anything of worth in working-class Britain, and systematically ripping it to shreds in newspapers, on TV, on Facebook, and in general conversation. This is what the demonization of the working class means.
Patti Smith|Tel Aviv is new, built on the sand dunes north of Jaffa in the 1890s, about the same time Miami was founded. The cities bear a resemblance in size, site, climate, and architecture, which ranges from the bland to the fancifully bland.
Joe Fassler|it’s the way he uses language—which is nothing like the way fantasists used language before him. There’s no sense of nostalgia. There’s no medieval floridness. There’s no fairy tale condescension to the child reader. It’s very straight, and very clean—there’s no Vaseline on the lens. You see everything clearly, not with sparkles or a flowery sense of wonderment, but with very specific physical details.
Saaif Alam|Rape is something very obscene and this act must always be intervened by authorities, so victims will not end up suffering from a post traumatic disorder.
Debasish Mridha|When you give without expectations, you feel that joy is rushing through you like the spring breeze caressing a newly blooming flower.
Buddhadeva Bose, It Rained All Night|Burn them all, little dragon.
Helen Garner|Every time I try to set something in Chicago, I get intimidated by 'Augie March.' It's easy to set something in Indianapolis - we don't have 'Augie March' here. But I love writing about Chicago, and I love being there and imagining lives in Chicago. I hope to set something there in the future, but it's intimidating.
Rihanna|Good Christian liturgy is friendship in action, love taking thought, the covenant relationship between God and his people not simply discovered and celebrated like the sudden meeting of friends, exciting and worthwhile though that is, but thought through and relished, planned and prepared -- an ultimately better way for the relationship to grow and at the same time a way of demonstrating what the relationship is all about.
Leonard Tourney, Familiar Spirits|The closer a husband is to God, the closer he will grow to his wife.
Roland Topor, The Tenant|When a woman births, not only is a baby being born but so is a mother. How we treat her will affect how she feels about herself as a mother and as a parent.Be gentle. Be kind. Listen.
Gustav Stresemann|Nevertheless, China was unfortunately unable to understand Japan's real position, and it is greatly to be regretted that the Sino-Japanese War became one of long duration.
William Kittredge, Hole in the Sky: A Memoir|She would (if she could) put her arm around the girl she'd been and try to tell her Take it easy, but the girl would not have listened. The girl had no receptors for Take it easy. And besides, "Hey Jude" was on the radio, it was her prayer, her manifesto, almost her dwelling place. She sang it everywhere. The music made her cry then; it makes her cry now. Listening to it now brings back memories so sharp they taste like blood in her mouth.
John Paul Warren|Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.
Holly Estil Cunningham, An Introduction to Philosophy|It is a well known fact that even among highly cultured peoples the belief in animism prevails generally. Even the scholar may kick the chair against which he accidentally stumbles, and derive great satisfaction from thus 'getting even' with the perverse chair.
William Shakespeare|When you're successful, people have no sympathy. Nobody wants to catch the tears of a millionaire.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Unknowingly we make our emotional states worse by using and relating high-intensity negative words to our experiences in life. You can use empowering/positive words to change how you think, which will then change your feelings, decisions and results.
Lynn Jurich|I'm a hard worker, and everything with me is, if I work hard, I should get paid for it. Everything with me, I try to symbolize something flashy like jewelry or a car. The rubbing hands is a symbol of hustling, so it goes back to the money.
George MacDonald, Lilith|A man is as free as he chooses to make himself, never an atom freer.
Whitney Wolfe|What is more comforting to the terrorists around the world: the failure to pass the 9/11 legislation because we lacked a majority of the majority,' or putting aside partisan politics to enact tough new legislation with America's security foremost in mind?
R.v.m.|I may lose @ times, but I have NEVER been nor will I ever be a quitter. Losing is not ever a reason for you to give up...it is a reason for you to LEARN, make you STRONGER & to FORCE you to keep that fire going inside of you. Not being a quitter is what will ALWAYS make you a WINNER!
John Seddon|When we give over our (false sense of) control, and just allow, each change and each new experience becomes less of a worry and more of an exciting new adventure. It can be likened to awaiting Christmas (or birthday) morning as a child: Anticipation of unwrapping a beautiful new gift.
Thomas S. Monson|Happy endings happen every day we share our generosity, peace, compassion, kindness, respect, timeless love and joy with our love ones, friends and others.
Pablo Neruda|The way I tell it, he says to Fitzwilliam, you would think that the blow on the head had improved him. That he actually set out to get it. That every monarch needs a blow on the head, from time to time.
Kim McMillen, When I Loved Myself Enough|When I loved myself enough, I no longer needed things or people to make me feel safe.
Guy Vanderhaeghe, The Last Crossing|The mellow autumn came, and with it cameThe promised party, to enjoy its sweets.The corn is cut, the manor full of game;The pointer ranges, and the sportsman beatsIn russet jacket;—lynx-like is his aim;Full grows his bag, and wonderful his feats.Ah, nutbrown partridges! Ah, brilliant pheasants!And ah, ye poachers!—'Tis no sport for peasants.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Phantom Phantasia: Poetry for the Phantom of the Opera Phan|Music helps to forgetThis forsaken tomb,That is my abodeCellars downFar belowUnder the ground, ...
John Green, Paper Towns|A part of my appreciation for the good which moments bring has come from awareness and recognition. But it has also come from a correspnding sadness which arises from their passing. When something that can never quite be reenacted comes to an end (and all moments are that way), I feel a pensiveness within. This pensiveness gives my life a quality that might be best described as bittersweet. And those moments take on double meaning and richness - because they are here now - and because they will not always be.
Janna Cachola|Professionalism shouldn't be defined by a persons paycheck, role or title. It should be defined by a persons work ethic
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|The car drives through, stops while the man closes and fastens the prickly gate behind it. The bell shuts off; the stillness is deafening by contrast. The car goes on until the outline of a house suddenly uptilts the searching headlight-beams, log-built, sprawling, resembling a hunting-lodge. But there's no friendliness to it. There is something ominous and forbidding about its look, so dark, so forgotten, so secretive-looking. The kind of a house that has a maw to swallow with - a one-way house, that you feel will never disgorge any living thing that enters it. Leprous in the moonlight festering on its roof. And the two round sworls of light played by the heads of the car against its side, intersecting, form a pear-shaped oval that resembles a gleaming skull. ("Jane Brown's Body")
rassool jibraeel snyman|Cherish the fabulous, the fantastic, the beautiful, the graceful, the moments of abandon, laughter, quirkiness. Cherish the tiny incredible details, the gigantic & varied display, and the infinite depths - of life.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|We lavish more attention onto our past, after its done, than in the making of it. as a result; "What is done" and "Could have been" becomes ruthless killers lurking in the darkness of our consciousness.
Karen Hawkins, The Princess Wore Plaid|She dropped her hand, but he caught it and kissed her palm. His lips and warm breath on her sensitive skin fragmented her thoughts. His gaze held hers with that intense, magnetic force she didn't understand. It compelled her to draw closer to him. And she did. He leaned forward and placed a sweet kiss on her lips. It surprised her and served as a potent temptation. Unable to quell her enthusiasm, she lifted herself onto her tiptoes and tilted her chin up hungering for another kiss like the one they'd shared the night before. 	"Saints!" Keegan growled, then took her mouth. His wicked tongue flicked at her lips and she opened for him - completely ready to devour him. But he did not seem in a hurry as he tempted and taunted her, barely touching his tongue to hers, then retreating. A sound escaped her and she was shocked to realize that it was halfway between a moan and a needy whine. He gave an answering groan and stroked his tongue inside her mouth. It darted around hers and then swirled. He hummed a soft sound. "So sweet," he whispered.
Mercy Celeste, Wicked Game|If you look at your class as anything less than life or death, you do not deserve to be a teacher. If you walk into the classroom ten minutes late, week after week, you need to resign. You wouldn't come in late on your job all the time, but I venture to guess that some of you do it on Sunday.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|What she liked was simply life. "That's what i did it for," she said, speaking aloud to life... Could any man understand what she meant, either, about life? …But to go deeper, beneath what people said, and these judgments, how superficial, how fragmentary, they are. In her own mind now, what did it mean to her, this thing she called life? It was an offering…it was her gift.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|In the mystifying world that was Victorian parenthood, obedience took precedence over all considerations of affection and happiness, and that odd, painful conviction remained the case in most well-heeled homes up until at least the time of the First World War.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|Comedy should provoke! It should blast through prejudices, challenge preconceptions; comedy should always leave you different than when it found you.
Kristie LeVangie|I am about tribal feminine power. As a leader, I may stumble but my essence lives to the future-- of my people, of my literature, of my art. And when a tribesman turn against its leader, that tribe will become two. It may faulter my course, but it will not stifle my ending. I rule only among my believers.
Hillary Clinton|The sailor's life is at the best a life of danger. He pursues honor on the mountain wave and finds it in the battle and in the storm, and never did more distinguished chivalry display itself than in the conduct of our seamen during the late war.
Yawatta Hosby, When the Lights Go Out - Ink Slingers' Halloween Anthology|If there’s anything in life that’s an undisputed fact, it’s this: Buildings with strange symbols carved in their lintels are bad news. You rarely find symbols leading to unicorns and fields of candy—and even that’s bad news if you’re diabetic.
Amy Hatvany, It Happens All the Time|I felt numb, I felt empty. I was a shell, an abandoned chrysalis, a tomb lying in wait for the dead
Tori Amos|She once said her songs were "mostly about myths, spirits, that kind of thing. Not fairies, stronger than that." Not fairies. Stronger than that: there's a fine phrase to bear in mind. Her lyrics are about the things that drive, or repulse, or empower the human spirit. Not escapism, in fact, but its exact opposite.
Sai Baba|I'm not a quitter. All my career, I went through a lot of physical adversity, injuries. It's in my nature to be a battler.
Lena Headey|I knew that collaborating on songwriting would be difficult for a lot of people, because I was known very much, for my independence and the fact that I wrote these quirky songs that were not typical structure, not typical sound - you know, really original stuff.
Thomm Quackenbush, Of Christmas Present|I love Christmas. Frosty the Snowman, peace on Earth and mangers, Salvation Army bell ringers and reindeer, the movie 'Meet Me in St. Louis,' office parties and cookies.
Tommy Lee Jones|A thousand years ago, everybody knew the Earth was the center of the universe. Five hundred years ago, they knew the Earth was flat. Fifteen minutes ago, you knew we humans were alone on it. Imagine what you'll know tomorrow.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In the oddity or maybe the miracle of life, the roots of something new frequently lie in the decaying husks of something old.
Gloria D. Gonsalves|Now I think poetry will save nothing from oblivion, but I keep writing about the ordinary because for me it's the home of the extraordinary, the only home.
Jayson Engay|It's not about the external things that surround you, but it's about YOU.How you operates your life, how you take your path and walk with it.
George Lakoff, Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought|Without empathy, there'd be no harmony in diversity
Ankaj, My Poetic Journey: A Travel in Solitude|What do you think of when you think of mourning?' Jenny asks.The question snaps me back to attention. I answer without really thinking. "I guess 'Funeral Blues' by W.H. Auden. I think it was Auden. I suppose that's not very original.''I don't know it.''It's a poem.''I gathered.''I'm just clarifying. It's not a blues album.'Jenny ignores my swipe at her intelligence.'Does your response need to be original? Isn't that what poetry is for, for the poet to express something so personal that it ultimately is universal?'I shrug. Who is Jenny, even new Jenny, to say what poetry is for? Who am I for that matter?'Why do you thin of that poem in particular?'"Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone, / Prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone, / Silence the pianos and with muffled drum / Bring out the coffin, let the mourners come.' I learned the poem in college and it stuck.
Robert Anton Wilson|I never said, 'I want to be alone.' I only said, 'I want to be left alone.' There is all the difference.
Tina Gabrielle|Meeting him was fate, loving him was a choice, and spending the rest of my life with him… well that was destiny.
Mahatma Gandhi, The Story of My Experiments With Truth|There are no 'ifs' in combat. When you win, you win, When you lose, you lose.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|You're doing it again. Using reason to argue faith. Can't be done. Like playing croquet with a crochet hook. Sounds something like the right tool for the job, but isn't.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you are frustrated with the elite of your society, do something about it.
Kevin Hearne, Hounded|Kloo nodded at Lex in an indescribably maternal way, somehow cramming a lifetime of compassion, support, and tenderness all into one slight bounce of the head.
Philip José Farmer|The mountebank told them that God was surely trying to kill them, possibly because He was through with them, and that they should have the good manners to die. This, as you can see, they did.
Gerard Depardieu|If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.
|Money can buy popularity, but it can never buy greatness. Your decisions and actions speak louder than everything else.
Lysander Spooner|It cannot be said that the Constitution formed 'the people of the United States,' for all time, into a corporation. It does not speak of 'the people' as a corporation, but as individuals. A corporation does not describe itself as 'we,' nor as 'people,' nor as 'ourselves.' Nor does a corporation, in legal language, have any 'posterity.'
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|A community is only being created when its members accept that they are not going to achieve great things, that they are not going to be heroes, but simply live each day with new hope, like children, in wonderment as the sun rises and in thanksgiving as it sets. Community is only being created when they have recognized that the greatness of man is to accept his insignificance, his human condition and his earth, and to thank God for having put in a finite body the seeds of eternity which are visible in small and daily gestures of love and forgiveness. The beauty of man is in this fidelity to the wonder of each day.
Daniel Willey|The cycle of optimism and euphoria leading to greed, fear and capitulation, giving way to hope and building back to optimism, drives the expansion and contraction of our financial world in a market cycle of collective human emotion.
Cbtf Club|Sometimes I think you're still a prisoner. You're not free of this place in your head, Nathan. And you're definitely not free of those people. They haunt you.
Lamar Waldron, The Hidden History of the JFK Assassination: the definitive account of the most controversial crime of the twentieth century|Until all the files are released, former officials and CIA personnel will continue to say or imply that Fidel killed JFK, thus perpetuating the fifty-plus-year Cold War with Cuba
Nicole Krauss, Man Walks Into a Room|When you're young, you think it's going to be solved by love. But it never is. Being close-as close as you can get-to another person only makes it clear the impassable distance between you.
Rūdagī, Music of a Distant Drum: Classical Arabic, Persian, Turkish & Hebrew Poems|It is the courage, the insistence, the ruthless force of youth.
Dave Mustaine|I wanted my dad to be proud of me, and I fell into acting because there wasn't anything else I could do, and in it I found a discipline that I wanted to keep coming back to, that I love and I learn about every day.
Larken Rose|Although terrifying, the evil ghost will probably pose no real danger to you or your family. On the other hand, if you have a demonic infestation, your entire household is in very real danger. A demonic entity will not usually confront you or induce you to flee the home. Because, unlike the evil ghost, the demon does not actually want you to leave. On the contrary, it wants you to stick around so it can destroy your life and sully your soul from the inside.
James Welch|In aid, the proper attitude is one omitting gratitude.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|I hope when people ask what you're going to do with your English degree and/or creative writing degree you'll say: 'Continue my bookish examination of the contradictions and complexities of human motivation and desire;' or maybe just: 'Carry it with me, as I do everything that matters.'And then smile very serenely until they say, 'Oh.
Princess Diana|Count the dreams of your mind; if the numbers of the dreams exceeds the number of achievements, you are young.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|Success dwells in a neighbourhood that can only be explored through failure, and it is through perfect knowledge of that neighbourhood that we gain perfect knowledge of her address
Ayush Yadav|Look inside, and be your own guide.
David Sedaris, Naked|Tony smothered the life that me and Ma had built, a furry mould growing over a sweating slab of cheese.
Julius Caesar|I believe our flag is more than just cloth and ink. It is a universally recognized symbol that stands for liberty, and freedom. It is the history of our nation, and it's marked by the blood of those who died defending it.
Hannah Kent, Burial Rites|Mama had greeted him the traditional way that women were supposed to, bending low and offering him her back so that he would pat it with his fan made of the soft, straw-colored tail of an animal. Back home that night, Papa told Mama that it was sinful. You did not bow to another human being. It was an ungodly tradition, bowing to an Igwe. So, a few days later, when we went to see the bishop at Awka, I did not kneel to kiss his ring. I wanted to make Papa proud. But Papa yanked my ear in the car and said I did not have the spirit of discernment: the bishop was a man of God; the Igwe was merely a traditional ruler.
Sandeep Sahajpal|The more fundamentalist a person, the more immoral and inhuman he is.
Vladimir Nabokov, The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov|Just as it is by His goodness that God gives being to beings, so also it is by His goodness that He makes causes to be causes, thus delegating to them a certain participation in His actuality. Or rather, since causality flows from actuality, let us say that He confers the one in conferring the other, so that to the Christian mind the physical world in which we live offers a face which is the reverse of its physicism itself, a face where all that was read on the one side in terms of force, energy and law, is now read, on the other in terms of participations and analogies of the Divine Being. The Christian world takes on the character of a sacred world with a relation to God inscribed in its very being and every law that rules its functioning.
George S. Clason, The Richest Man in Babylon|Advice is one thing that is freely given away, but watch that you only take what is worth having.
Lara Biyuts, Through The Baltic Looking-Glass|A demon, who serves to a warlock, begins tormenting his master, if he has not enough work. Talent is the demon.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|When I put down Lance Armstrong’s book, I understood something profoundly. Edie, if you can move, you’re not sick. I decided right then and there that no matter what cancer did to me I would continue to move. Movement was what the physical body was designed to do; it was how it coped and functioned. Movement was vitality. It was life.I would move. Always. No matter what. Until my last breath, I would move.
C.G. Jung, The Essential Jung: Selected Writings|A million zeros joined together do not, unfortunately, add up to one. Ultimately everything depends on the quality of the individual, but our fatally shortsighted age thinks only in terms of large numbers and mass organizations, though one would think that the world had seen more than enough of what a well-disciplined mob can do in the hands of a single madman. Unfortunately, this realization does not seem to have penetrated very far - and our blindness is extremely dangerous.
Elyse Draper|When true love broke my heart in half,I took the whiskey from the shelf,And told my neighbors when to laugh.I keep a dog, and bark myself.
Piper Payne, Breathing Black|Sometimes I can feel my darkness, like a fragment of nerves inside of me somewhere, sparking my hate. I picture it moving throughout my body, the other cells letting it pass by, yielding to its master. It moves to my tongue when it wants me to spew beautiful, damaging words, it moves to my hands when it wants me to feel all it can take away, and it moves to my eyes to blind me from truly seeing the destruction I’ve done.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with the Romantics|They both fell silent. For a while the only sound they could hear was the noise of books resting on shelves, which wasn’t really enough of a sound to distract them from the awkwardness of the moment.
DMX|Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
John Di Lemme|Because knowledge does not need an academic greenhouse. It can bloom, anywhere.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|He meant the Kingdom was over, the Kingdom of Heaven, it was all finished. We shouldn't live as if it mattered more than this life in this world, because where we are is always the most important place.... We have to be all those difficult things like cheerful and kind and curious and patient, and we've got to study and think and work hard, all of us, in all our different world, and then we'll build... The Republic of Heaven.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Fuck the rabbit, eat it and go after a lion.
Thomas Paine|Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
Shan Sa|I think the basic thing that home cooks can learn how to do is just season properly... If the home cook realized how little salt they use compared to what's needed, it would make their food taste better.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|You think it's so easy to change yourself. You think it's so easy, but it's not True, things don't stay the same forever: couches are replaced, boys leave, you discover a song, your body becomes forever scarred. And with each of these moments you change again, your true self spinning, shifting positions - but always at last it returns to you, like a dancer on the floor. Because throughout it all you are still always, *you*: beautiful and bruised, known and unknowable. And isn't that - just you - enough?
N.T. Wright|As a newborn baby breathes and cries, so the signs of life in a newborn Christian are faith and repentance, inhaling the love of God and exhaling an initial cry of distress. And at that point what God provides, exactly as for a newborn infant, is the comfort, protection, and nurturing promise of a mother."If God is our father, the church is our mother." The words are those of the Swiss Reformer John Calvin ... it is as impossible, unnecessary, and undesirable to be a Christian all by yourself as it is to be a newborn baby all by yourself.
Tom Robbins, Another Roadside Attraction|In thinking of America, I sometimes find myself admiring her bright blue sky — her grand old woods — her fertile fields — her beautiful rivers — her mighty lakes, and star-crowned mountains. But my rapture is soon checked, my joy is soon turned to mourning. When I remember that all is cursed with the infernal actions of slaveholding, robbery and wrong, — when I remember that with the waters of her noblest rivers, the tears of my brethren are borne to the ocean, disregarded and forgotten, and that her most fertile fields drink daily of the warm blood of my outraged sisters, I am filled with unutterable loathing.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|I started my life with a single absolute: that the world was mine to shape in the image of my highest values and never to be given up to a lesser standard, no matter how long or hard the struggle.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Live in the present, but live for the future.
Edwin Markham|Our vision and commitment is towards the country's progress, its place in the world and the happiness of its people.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you are financially poor, it is because you have not converted your time into any product.
Sedrie Danielle, Knights of Enmity: The Barons Have Fallen|Sometimes you must slow down to see that the world isnt spinning, rather its your own mind which makes things turn
Adam Fenner, On Two Fronts|Tom's Navy SEAL team nicknamed him 'Tailspin', especially after sustaining his knee injury, but Joe likes to call him his 'Lucky Charm' -- saved his tail too many times to count.
Augustus|If I have played my part well, clap your hands, and dismiss me with applause from the stage.
Natalie Hush|The less they know, the more they know it all.
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|All those minds that are interested in finding out the truth communicate with each other across the distances of space and time. I, too, was taking part in the effort which humanity makes to know.
Jeff Raikes|When I was at school studying biology, I wanted to be a medical researcher. I did work experience at St Mary's Hospital in London, and I begged them to let me see the post mortems. So the first time I saw a naked male was at 15, when I saw an 89 year old man who had died of a brain hemorrhage.
Rick Riordan|Lady, I was gonna cut you some slack, 'cause you're a major mythological figure...but now you've just gone nuts!
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|They said there was no rest for the wicked. In fact, there was rest neither for the virtuous nor the wicked, nor for guys like Billy, who were uncommitted regarding the whole idea of virtue versus wickedness and who were just trying to do their jobs.
Meša Selimović, Death and the Dervish|We should kill our pasts with each passing day. Blot them out, so that they will not hurt. Each present day could thus be endured more easily, it would not be measured against what no longer exists. As things our, spectres mix with our lives so that there is neither pure memory nor pure life. They clash and try to strangle each other, continually.
Walter Wangerin Jr., Reliving the Passion: Meditations on the Suffering, Death, and the Resurrection of Jesus as Recorded in Mark.|The difference between shallow happiness and a deep, sustaining joy is sorrow. Happiness lives where sorrow is not. When sorrow arrives, happiness dies. It can't stand pain. Joy, on the other hand, rises from sorrow and therefore can withstand all grief. Joy, by the grace of God, is the transfiguration of suffering into endurance, and of endurance into character, and of character into hope--and the hope that has become our joy does not (as happiness must for those who depend up on it) disappoint us.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Embrace|Dark Fae are evil. They do evil things to each other, but there is an unspoken rule that you never harm family."	She held him tighter, wishing she could take away his pain with a hug. "Families hurt each other all the time.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|If life is a bowl of cherries, what's inside of it?
Richard Armour|That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once: it said, 'goodbye
ANIKOR Daniel|If you are not taking time to set your own goals, chances are someone else is doing it for you and that someone will be in control of you sooner.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Come what will, one comfort's always left — that unfailing comfort is, it's all predestinated.
Gian Kumar|Princess Cookie’s cognitive pathways may have required a more comprehensive analysis. He knew that it was possible to employ certain progressive methods of neural interface, but he felt somewhat apprehensive about implementing them, for fear of the risks involved and of the limited returns such tactics might yield. For instance, it would be a particularly wasteful endeavor if, for the sake of exhausting every last option available, he were even to go so far as resorting to invasive Ontological Neurospelunkery, for this unorthodox process would only prove to be the cerebral equivalent of tracking a creature one was not even sure existed: surely one could happen upon some new species deep in the caverns somewhere and assume it to be the goal of one’s trek, but then there was a certain idiocy to this notion, as one would never be sure this newfound entity should prove to be what one wished it to be; taken further, this very need to find something, to begin with, would only lead one to clamber more deeply inward along rigorous paths and over unsteady terrain, the entirety of which could only be traversed with the arrogant resolve of someone who has already determined, with a misplaced sense of pride in his own assumptions, that he was undoubtedly making headway in a direction worthwhile. And assuming still that this process was the only viable option available, and further assuming that Morell could manage to find a way to track down the beast lingering ostensibly inside of Princess Cookie, what was he then to do with it? Exorcise the thing? Reason with it? Negotiate maybe? How? Could one hope to impose terms and conditions upon the behavior of something tracked and captured in the wilds of the intellect? The thought was a bizarre one and the prospect of achieving success with it unlikely. Perhaps, it would be enough to track the beast, but also to let it live according to its own inclinations inside of her. This would seem a more agreeable proposition. Unfortunately, however, the possibility still remained that there was no beast at all, but that the aberration plaguing her consciousness was merely a side effect of some divine, yet misunderstood purpose with which she had been imbued by the Almighty Lord Himself. She could very well have been functioning on a spiritual plane far beyond Morell’s ability to grasp, which, of course, seared any scrutiny leveled against her with the indelible brand of blasphemy. To say the least, the fear of Godly reprisal which this brand was sure to summon up only served to make the prospect of engaging in such measures as invasive Ontological Neurospelunkery seem both risky and wasteful. And thus, it was a nonstarter.
Matthew S. McCormick|1. Myth: Without God, life has no meaning. There are 1.2 billion Chinese who have no predominant religion, and 1 billion people in India who are predominantly Hindu. And 65% of Japan's 127 million people claim to be non-believers. It is laughable to suggest that none of these billions of people are leading meaningful lives.2. Myth: Prayer works. Studies have now shown that inter-cessionary prayer has no effect whatsoever of the health or well-being of the subject.3. Myth: Atheists are immoral.There are hundreds of millions of non-believers on the planet living normal, decent, moral lives. They love their children, care about others, obey laws, and try to keep from doing harm to others just like everyone else. In fact, in predominantly non-believing countries such as in northern Europe, measures of societal health such as life expectancy at birth, adult literacy, per capita income, education, homicide, suicide, gender equality, and political coercion are better than they are in believing societies.4. Myth: Belief in God is compatible with science. In the past, every supernatural or paranormal explanation of phenomena that humans believed turned out to be mistaken; science has always found a physical explanation that revealed that the supernatural view was a myth. Modern organisms evolved from lower life forms, they weren't created 6,000 years ago in the finished state. Fever is not caused by demon possession. Bad weather is not the wrath of angry gods. Miracle claims have turned out to be mistakes, frauds, or deceptions. We have every reason to conclude that science will continue to undermine the superstitious worldview of religion.5. Myth: We have immortal souls that survive death.We have mountains of evidence that makes it clear that our consciousness, our beliefs, our desires, our thoughts all depend upon the proper functioning of our brains our nervous systems to exist. So when the brain dies, all of these things that we identify with the soul also cease to exist. Despite the fact that billions of people have lived and died on this planet, we do not have a single credible case of someone's soul, or consciousness, or personality continuing to exist despite the demise of their bodies.6. Myth: If there is no God, everything is permitted.Consider the billions of people in China, India, and Japan above. If this claim was true, none of them would be decent moral people. So Ghandi, the Buddha, and Confucius, to name only a few were not moral people on this view.7. Myth: Believing in God is not a cause of evil.The examples of cases where it was someone's belief in God that was the justification for their evils on humankind are too numerous to mention.8. Myth: God explains the origins of the universe.All of the questions that allegedly plague non-God attempts to explain our origins still apply to the faux explanation of God. The suggestion that God created everything does not make it any clearer to us where it all came from, how he created it, why he created it, where it is all going. In fact, it raises even more difficult mysteries: how did God, operating outside the confines of space, time, and natural law 'create' or 'build' a universe that has physical laws? We have no precedent and maybe no hope of answering or understanding such a possibility. What does it mean to say that some disembodied, spiritual being who knows everything and has all power, 'loves' us, or has thoughts, or goals, or plans?9. Myth: There's no harm in believing in God.Religious views inform voting, how they raise their children, what they think is moral and immoral, what laws and legislation they pass, who they are friends and enemies with, what companies they invest in, where they donate to charities, who they approve and disapprove of, who they are willing to kill or tolerate, what crimes they are willing to commit, and which wars they are willing to fight.
Jaleigh Johnson, The Secrets of Solace|Whatever you do, don’t make it worse by trying to come up with some flimsy excuse for why you were in the ventilation shaft, Lina told herself.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|To change yourself, let go of what you are and accept what you want to be.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|Where do you. come from?" Frank challenged, puffing his chest, a little bolder now that he could breathe. "Some of us are starting to wonder.""I come from civilization," Lucius retorted. "You wouldn't be familiar with the territory. Now pick up the books.
Benjamin Franklin|In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|If you Love all Life you observe, you will observe all Life will Love.
Debasish Mridha|When you gain higher consciousness, your consciousness becomes universal and you become ageless, endless, and universal.
David Reeves, In My Opinion|Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, A Diamond in the Rough|Mr. Bhaer saw the drops on her cheeks, ... The sight seemed to touch him very much, for suddenly stooping down, he asked in a tone that meant a great deal, "Heart's dearest, why do you cry?"Now, if Jo had not been new to this sort of thing she would have said she wasn't crying, had a cold in her head, or told any other feminine fib proper to the occasion. Instead of which, that undignified creature answered, with an irrepressible sob, "Because you are going away.""Ach, mein Gott, that is so good!" cried Mr. Bhaer, managing to clasp his hands in spite of the umbrella and the bundles, "Jo, I haf nothing but much love to gif you. I came to see if you could care for it, and I waited to be sure that I was something more than a friend. Am I? Can you make a little place in your heart for old Fritz?" he added, all in one breath."Oh, yes!" said Jo, and he was quite satisfied, for she folded both hands over his arm, and looked up at him with an expression that plainly showed how happy she would be to walk through life beside him, even though she had no better shelter than the old umbrella, if he carried it.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It doesn't matter how old you are, when you find your forever you just know.
Joan Lowery Nixon, The Séance|...each of us from the seance stood alone. Like so many pillars of salt, we had tried to look back and failed. And in the eyes of the others who shared the pale, flat sky with us, there was sometimes suspicion, sometimes a little fear.
Florence Henderson|My mom being raised in England, her father always wanted to pursue the arts and wanted to have a stage career in England. According to her, he never had the courage to actually pursue it full-time. I think that my grandfather's parents thought that it wasn't a formidable job to have.
Valentine Bonnaire, Bing Cherry Silk|Because I know if I sit down and start to write out how it feels…. it all becomes too real… the pain becomes too much. But that's the weird part because I feel so empty, like there no longer is a heart living where there used to be one, so why am I feeling pain?
David Halberstam, Firehouse|Perhaps nothing is as simple as it looks. Perhaps everything has another layer, a hidden room that only reveals itself when you accidentally stumble across the secret door. Or perhaps I'm talking bollocks and it's time to go to bed.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|No man's advice can change you unless you speak to yourself. Bible school or seminars can't change you, going to church can't change you except you decide to change.Psalm 139:23 - 24
Ben Lerner, Leaving the Atocha Station|I formed several possible stories out of her speech, formed them at once, so it was less like I failed to understand than that I understood in chords, understood in a plurality of worlds.
Dan Quayle|I was recently on a tour of Latin America, and the only regret I have was that I didn't study Latin harder in school so I could converse with those people.
Stormie Omartian, Just Enough Light for the Step I'm On|Know that we never have to walk in darkness. Even when we get into dark times or dark situations, God’s light is always there to be found!
Debasish Mridha|When you go beyond your limitations, that is called success.
Lorrie Moore, Self-Help|When she saw me, my mother stood up and started to come toward me, but then stopped. I think maybe Cat Poop had told her not to make any sudden movements because they might scare me, like I’m a wild animal or something, because she kept looking at him and then at me. Finally she just said, “Hello, Jeff,” and sat down again next to my father.
Richard Corliss|Any sympathy won for Aileen Wuornos based on a lie is not sympathy at all. The question is, can we have sympathy for the circumstances of someone's life? That's what I was interested in.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|Because here's something else that's weird but true: in the day-to-day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. And the compelling reason for maybe choosing some sort of god or spiritual-type thing to worship--be it JC or Allah, be it YHWH or the Wiccan Mother Goddess, or the Four Noble Truths, or some inviolable set of ethical principles--is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive. If you worship money and things, if they are where you tap real meaning in life, then you will never have enough, never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly. And when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve you. On one level, we all know this stuff already. It's been codified as myths, proverbs, clichés, epigrams, parables; the skeleton of every great story. The whole trick is keeping the truth up front in daily consciousness.Worship power, you will end up feeling weak and afraid, and you will need ever more power over others to numb you to your own fear. Worship your intellect, being seen as smart, you will end up feeling stupid, a fraud, always on the verge of being found out. But the insidious thing about these forms of worship is not that they're evil or sinful, it's that they're unconscious. They are default settings.They're the kind of worship you just gradually slip into, day after day, getting more and more selective about what you see and how you measure value without ever being fully aware that that's what you're doing.
Sandy   Hall, A Little Something Different|I'll die of embarrassment." "At least you'll die knowing.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|and, unlike the celebrated herd in the poem, they were not forty children conducting themselves as one, but every child was conducting itself like forty.
Robert Byrne|As human beings, we are endowed with freedom of choice, and we cannot shuffle off our responsibility upon the shoulders of God or nature. We must shoulder it ourselves. It is our responsibility.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Before marriage man prays that god give him a wife, after marriage he prays that god save him from her.
Christian D. Larson|You may think that you are well, but you will not secure health until you think thoughts that produce health. You may persistently affirm that you are well, but so long as you live in discord, confusion, worry, fear and other wrong states of mind, you will be sick; that is, you will be as you think and not what you think you are. You may state health in your thought, but if you give worry, fear and discord to that thought, your thinking will produce discord. It is not what we state in our thoughts, but what we give to our thoughts that determine results.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|But what is worship? thought I. Do you suppose now, Ishmael, that the magnanimous God of heaven and earth—pagans and all included—can possibly be jealous of an insignificant bit of black wood? Impossible! But what is worship?—to do the will of God—that is worship. And what is the will of God?—to do to my fellow man what I would have my fellow man to do to me—that is the will of God.
Daniel Marques|Bigotry is based on deception, of oneself and of others.
Alain de Botton, Art as Therapy|When you feel sad, you are participating in a venerable experience, to which I, this monument, am dedicated. Your sense of loss and disappointment, of frustrated hopes and grief at your own inadequacy, elevate you to serious company. Do not ignore of throw away your grief
Alan F. Johnson, Romans: Bible Commentary|Luther could say, 'It is not a bad, but a very good sign if the opposite of what we pray for appears to happen. Just as it is not a good sign if our prayers eventuate in the fulfillment of all we ask for. If everything were to go the way I want it, I would end up in that kind of false security which is really an instrument of the divine judgment.
Oscar Arias|Well, did he do it?"She always asked the irrelevant question. It didn't matter in terms of the strategy of the case whether the defendant "did it" or not. What mattered was the evidence against him -- the proof -- and if and how it could be neutralized. My job was to bury the proof, to color the proof a shade of gray. Gray was the color of reasonable doubt.
Jessica de la Davies, Slippery When Wet!|Yawn...I believe that I love sleepmuch more than anybody I’ve evermet.I have the ability to sleep for2 or 3 days andnights.I will go to bed at any givenmoment.I often confused my girlfriendsthis way—say it would be about onethirtyin the afternoon:“well, I’m going to bed now, I’mgoing to sleep…”most of them wouldn’t mind, theywould go to bed with methinking I was hinting forsexbut I would just turn my backand snore off.this, of course, could explainwhy so many of my girlfriendsleft me.as for doctors, they were neverany help:“listen, I have this desire togo to bed and sleep, almost allthe time.what is wrong withme?”“do you get enough exercise?”“yes…”“are you getting enoughnourishment?”“yes…”they always handed me aprescriptionwhich I threw awaybetween the office and theparking lot.it’s a curious maladybecause I can’t sleep between6 p.m. and midnight.it must occur aftermidnightand when I ariseit can never bebefore noon.and should the phone ringsay at 10:30 a.m.I go into a mad ragedon’t even ask who the callerisscream into thephone: “WHAT ARE YOUCALLING ME FOR AT THISHOUR!”hangup…every person, I suppose, hastheir eccentricitiesbut in an effort to benormalin the world’seyethey overcome themand thereforedestroy theirspecial calling.I’ve kept mineand do believe thatthey have lent generously tomy existence.I think it’s the main reason Idecided to become awriter: I can typeanytime andsleepwhen I damn wellplease.
J.M. Pierce, Failing Test|Caleb dumped me on my birthday,Before I’d ordered an entrée,“What a dick!” some might say!But don’t you worry my little sheep,I am not sad and will not weep,For Caleb Jones is a cheat!He two-timed me with some ho,Whose name is Kacey ‘Slut’ Munroe!But I don’t care about my foe,For I have found a brand new guy,My Blue Eyed, Mr Berry Pie!And I know, he won’t make me cry,For I did fall under his spell,To him, I am his gorgeous Belle,So Caleb Jones can go to Hell!
Molly Friedenfeld|You can judge me all you want, but it's just ridiculous coz we're both part of the same universe. Let's just ride the horses into the meadow and let them roll in the delightful grass.
Lewis Black, Me of Little Faith|Who knew that the devil had a factory where he made millions of fossils, which his minions distributed throughout the earth, in order to confuse my tiny brain?
Rainbow Rowell|When Eleanor was a little girl, she'd thought her mom looked like a queen, like the star of some fairy tale.Not a princess - princesses are just pretty. Eleanor's mother was beautiful. She was tall and stately, with broad shoulders and an elegant waist. All of her bones seemed more purposeful than other people's. Like they weren't just there to hold her up, they were there to make a point.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|When love carries us away on its brittle wings, we are too intoxicated to comprehend its power. We just want to soar and feel its adventurous spirit. The realistic aspect of love is not that romantic.
Eckhart Tolle, Stillness Speaks|She had wanted her son to stand for what he believed and to be respectful. And he had died for believing his friends had a right to play their music loud, to be American teenagers.
Jana Oliver, Foretold|If it’s the right person, it’s easy.
William Stafford|They miss the whisper that runsany day in your mind,"Who are you really, wanderer?"--and the answer you have to giveno matter how dark and coldthe world around you is:"Maybe I'm a king.
Jean Rostand|We all have our convictions formed by different things, and mine are informed by my faith, they're informed by the Word of God, and I found that to be an anchor for me, a compass and a guide for me. When people start bullying one another and calling each other names for those different convictions, then I think you get into problems.
Stephen King, Pet Sematary|am i insane" asked alice"yes, but all the best people are" replied her father
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|Which is just another way of blaming, and perhaps the best way, because there is solace and a certain stoical peace in blaming everything on the rain, and then blaming something as uncontrollable as the rain on something as indifferent as the Arm of the Lord.Because nothing can be done about the rain except blaming. And if nothing can be done about it, why get yourself in a sweat about it?
Hill Harper|You know, I grew up on romantic comedies, and it's hard to find a new way to tell that story.
Alan Alda|I believe alien life is quite common in the universe, although intelligent life is less so. Some say it has yet to appear on planet Earth.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|We talk, even if no one listens, because we never know when someone will.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Most men appear never to have considered what a house is, and are actually though needlessly poor all their lives because they think that they must have such a one as their neighbors have. As if one were to wear any sort of coat which the tailor might cut out for him, or gradually leaving off palm-leaf hat or cap of woodchuck skin, complain of hard times because he could not afford to buy him a crown! It is possible to invent a house still more convenient and luxurious than we have, which yet all would admit that man could not afford to pay for. Shall we always study to obtain more of these things, and not sometimes be content with less?
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I’m in love with you, and I’m not in thebusiness of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I’m in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we’re all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returnedto dust, and I know the sun will swallowthe only earth we’ll ever have, and I amin love with you.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|This gesture is one of the motifs of modernity's turn against the principle of imitating nature, that is to say, imitating predefined morphological expectations. It is still capable of perceiving message-totalities and autonomous thing-signals when no morphologically intact figures are left - indeed, precisely then. The sense for perfection withdraws from the forms of nature - probably because nature itself is in the process of losing its ontological authority. The popularization of photography also increasingly devalues the standard views of things. As the first edition of the visible, nature comes into discredit. It can no longer assert its authority as the sender of binding messages - for reasons that ultimately come from its disenchantment through being scientifically explored and technically outdone. After this shift, 'being perfect' takes on an altered meaning: it means having something to say that is more meaningful than the chatter of conventional totalities. Now the torsos and their ilk have their turn: the hour of those forms that do not remind us of anything has come. Fragments, cripples and hybrids formulate something that cannot be conveyed by the common whole forms and happy integrities; intensity beats standard perfection.
John Brown|No matter how entertaining, diverse, concise, or detailed, a writing craft book is, it’s not going to work magic on you, it’s not going to suddenly make you a brilliant writer simply by reading it. You need to use what you read and learn in your own writing. Because that’s when you have those AHA moments. That's when it really sticks.
Israelmore Ayivor|You are your own cannoe and you are your own paddle, so paddle your own cannoe. Society had taught us to give away our power and abilities by making us to believe that other people are responsible for our success and failure. That is not fair!
Steve Goodier|Money is not the only commodity that is fun to give. We can give time, we can give our expertise, we can give our love or simply give a smile. What does that cost? The point is, none of us can ever run out of something worthwhile to give.
Kirsten Dunst|For my 10th birthday, what I wanted was Beatle boots and a Beatle wig. My parents couldn't find Beatle boots, but down at the dime store, Woolworths or someplace, they found a Beatle wig!
Neil Gaiman|He often felt that too many people lived their lives acting and pretending,wearing masks and losing themselves in the process.
A.P. Herbert|Holy Mother we do believe,That without sin Thou didst conceive;May we now in Thee believing,Also sin without conceiving.
Louisa May Alcott|As though on a seedling whose blossoms ripen at different times, I had seen in old ladies, on that beach at Balbec, the dried-up seeds and sagging tubers that my girl-friends would become. But, now that it was time for buds to blossom, what did that matter?
Slavoj Žižek|The violence of a lower-class man may indeed express rage, but it is aimed not at society but at the asshole who scraped his car and dissed him in front of a crowd.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|Being a slave to a fellow human being, many times, starts with giving his opinion more weight than you should.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|The first time someone I loved left me behind...I didn't know how my family would balance. We had been such a sturdy little end table, four solid legs. I was sure we would now be off-kilter, always unstable. Until one day I looked more closely, and realized that we had simply become a stool.
Tabitha Suzuma, A Voice in the Distance|I get it. You'd rather have him, broken, than me whole. If that didn't clarify my chances with you, nothing would. But you can't have what you want either, Deuce. I can't be your friend, feeling like this. Give me some time, and then... Maybe. No promises.
Al-Waleed bin Talal|If you shell a military base and happen to kill civilians, you have not committed a war crime; if you deliberately target cities and towns, you have.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Maybe the devil in human beings isn't the reflection of the devil, perhaps the devil is only a reflection of the savagery and brutality of our kind. Maybe what we've done is create the devil in our own image
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|When you've been lost as I have," he once said, "you get good at finding your way home.
Henri Nouwen|The biggest obstacle to wealth is fear. People are afraid to think big, but if you think small, you'll only achieve small things.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|I would love to believe that when I die I will live again, that some thinking, feeling, remembering part of me will continue. But as much as I want to believe that, and despite the ancient and worldwide cultural traditions that assert an afterlife, I know of nothing to suggest that it is more than wishful thinking.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|The sonnet, a lyrical poem, the beauty and magic... convey with our hearts the truth of the universe in a single moment briefly.
George W. Bush, Decision Points|Their arrogance protected them against any liking for their fellow-man, against the slightest interest in the strangers sitting all about them, amidst whom M. de Stermaria adopted the manner one has in the buffet-car of a train, grim, hurried, stand-offish, brusque, fastidious and spiteful, surrounded by other passengers whom one has never seen before, whom one will never see again and towards whom the only conceivable way of behaving is to make sure that they keep away from one's cold chicken and stay out of one's chosen corner-seat.
John Green|I realized that all my life, my values were based upon typical middle-class American values: hard work, doing good, living well, owning things, following the rules & being the best I can be... but God clearly says, "those are not MY values. I value justice, mercy & humility.
Danika Stone, Intaglio: Dragons All The Way Down|She turned his hand over, tracing letters into his palm. I…L.O.V.E…Y.O.U…
Bart Yates, Leave Myself Behind|Maybe physical intimacy isn't always about touching. Maybe it's also about being able to sit next to someone at dinner and not care if he takes something off your plate or reaches across you for the salt. Maybe it's about being able to sprawl out on the floor and read a book in the same room with someone who's grading papers and muttering about 'incompetent boobs who couldn't write a good paper if their lives depended on it.' Maybe it's about sharing the same space with another person and not going fucking crazy because you can't get away from them.That's it, I guess: true intimacy is really just the run of the mill, day to day stuff that happens without thinking—thousands of simple, meaningless, comfortable ways you can be close to someone, never dreaming how shitty you'll feel when you wake up one morning with all of it gone.
Penelope Douglas, Aflame|Vitamin E, get much sleep, drink much water, travel to a place far away...meditate and teach your heart that this is destiny.” - Wayan
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|I don’t see doctrines, when I talk about religions. All I see are different experiential realities of the one and the same neuronal Kingdom of God.
James E. Rogers|The higher amount you put into higher education, at the federal level particularly, the more the price of higher education rises. It's the dog that never catches its tail. You increase student loans, you increase grants, you increase Pell grants, Stafford loans, and what happens? They raise the price.
Sarah Zettel, Dust Girl|Michael, "I never expected the wish to come true."The Trout, "Great Oceans! Why bother to wish it, then? I call that simply a waste of time.
Colleen Atwood|I grew up in a small town in Washington State, so I wasn't really aware of costume design as a career growing up, but I loved clothes. I remember I saved all my money, and the first thing that I bought was a white blazer, which was to the horror to my parents. But I have always had a strange connection with clothing.
Armin van Buuren|Classical music requires an immense amount of concentration, and I don't know if I would've been that committed to that particular life.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|No one knows the future, but the present offers clues and hints on its direction.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|The BIG push means being able to develop and sustain momentum toward your goal; it is the process of actively replacing excuses with winning habits, the ultimate excuses blockers. Moreover, it is being willing to go to the wall for what you want or believe in, to push beyond your previous mental and physical limits, no matter what it takes.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Yearn for the opposite, to buck the trend, to be different.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Why are they like that?' I asked Cico. We skirted Blue Lake and worked our way through the tall, golden grass to the creek.'I don't know,' Cico answered, 'except that people, grown-ups and kids, seem to want to hurt each other - and it's worse when they're in a group.
Andrew Root, Bonhoeffer as Youth Worker: A Theological Vision for Discipleship and Life Together|Not the last time in Western history, the revolutionaries armed themselves with a new religion to steel themselves for greater outrageous.
John Fowles, The Tree|The evolution of human mentality has put us all in vitro now, behind the glass wall of our own ingenuity.
Deepak Chopra|The brain, which operates on electromagnetic impulses, is as much an activity of the universe as are the electromagnetic storms in the atmosphere or on a distant star. Therefore science is one form of electromagnetism that spends it time studying another form…science is god explaining god through a human nervous system…isn’t spirituality the same thing?
Lisa Tawn Bergren, Waterfall|I nodded, pretending to be a hundred times more courageous than I felt.But that was the thing about courage. Sometimes you had to fake it to feel it.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|And what of Nature itself, you say--that callous and cruel engine, red in tooth and fang? Well, it is not so much of an engine as you think. As for "red in tooth and fang," whenever I hear the phrase or its intellectual echoes I know that some passer-by has been getting life from books. It is true that there are grim arrangements. Beware of judging them by whatever human values are in style. As well expect Nature to answer to your human values as to come into your house and sit in a chair. The economy of nature, its checks and balances, its measurements of competing life--all this is its great marvel and has an ethic of its own. Live in Nature, and you will soon see that for all its non-human rhythm, it is no cave of pain.
Auliq Ice|Continuous understanding goes with love, courage, respect, discovery and acceptance of mistakes.
Jacob M. Appel, The Man Who Wouldn't Stand Up|Class, she reminded herself, was the real marker in America.
Prashant Chopra, The Eyes that drowned Uyuni|Often change yourself, when you see that people envy you : they will start to change themselves too, but at that time YOU will not envy them...
Will Self, The Quantity Theory of Insanity|Sometimes, it takes just a moment of insanity to decide the course of our whole life.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Institutions and cultures are not immortal. Humans, Christian and non-Christian, are. Compared to us, our country is a gnat.
Latika Teotia|Most of us have grown up in an environment where there were too many ‘No’s’ and limitations. We, therefore, get moulded to living within the confines of these self made boundaries where our world has been shrunk. Fulfilling our innermost desires makes us feel guilty and we are forever in this denial mode- perhaps a fallout of our childhood when lots of things were beyond our reach. It’s high time that we got rid of this habit and start living for our soul. Break free and follow your heart; live those dreams which you so desperately want to live. After all we have only one life and it’s our duty to do justice to ourselves too. Fulfilling desires and living the life we want is not a crime. So spread your wings and live for your own self. It’s your life and you deserve the best without any limits.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|There is no right or wrong, only what we believe is more right or more wrong
Stephen King|Yet should there hover in their restless headsOne thought, one grace, one wonder at the least,Which into words no virtue can digest.
Mo Yan|Individual versus group selection results in a mix of altruism and selfishness, of virtue and sin, among the members of a society.
A.S. Byatt|The Other Worlds which fairy tales explore open a way for writers and storytellers to speak in Other terms, especially when the native inhabitants of the imaginary places do not belong to an established living faith and therefore do not command belief or repudiation. The tongue can be very free when it is speaking outside the jurisdiction of religion.
Edwin Markham|He drew a circle that shut me out-Heretic , rebel, a thing to flout.But love and I had the wit to win:We drew a circle and took him In !From the poem " Outwitted
Frances Hodgson Burnett|The abject impulse is inalienably connected with the feminine, specifically the maternal. As it forms out of the undefined morass of relations, surfaces and currents that existed before the Oedipal or mirror-stage coordinated them, the subject seems built around a primal sense of loss. The developing sense of the limits of the body is focussed on those holes in it's surface through which the outside becomes inside and vice versa: the mouth, anus, genitals, even the invisibly porous surface of the skin. It was the mother's body that was most connected with these crossing-points, as it fed and cleaned the undefined infant body. The sense that boundaries and limits are forming around this permable flesh is interpreted then as the withdrawal or even loss, of intimacy with the body of the mother, firstly in the increasing distance of the practical hygiene operations it performs and secondly, more remotely, beyond that in it's archaic ur-form as the body through which the child entered into the world.
Graham Swift, Waterland|What we wish upon the future is very often the image of some lost, imagined past.
Charles de Gaulle|Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Yolanda De Iuliis, The Memoirs of 'I'|Stop following the con artists, instead become the greatest and brightest artist ever to exist and let others follow your light instead
Asaad Almohammad, An Ishmael of Syria|You are there and to their ears, being a Syrian sounds like you’re unclean, shameful, indecent; it’s like you owe the world an apology for your very existence.
Justine Dell, All-American Girl|She loved this man. This wonderful, respectiful, willful man. And she couldn’t even tell him.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Fear is a liar and a good one at that, Fear feeds on self doubt and insecurities both internal and external. Know this, optimism, faith, and resilience are like penicillin to fear if it has been allowed in. But the best course of action is to not feed it in the first place.
Sarvesh Jain|Don’t try to make life fair, instead, be on the side where life is extra good.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|As important as increase is, it is not an end in itself
Marya Sy|There is a little word that we can say to others now. "Thank You Very Much".
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|It's strange how a word, a phrase, a sentence, can feel like a blow to the head.
John Dryden, The Hind and the Panther|For you may palm upon us new for old:All, as they say, that glitters, is not gold.
Kate Inglis|When you've got creative momentum, the last thing you want to do is stop. I'd write and write and wake up with my head slumped over and my fingers still on the keyboard and the last sentence trailing off like eeeeeejjjjjjjjjjjjj . . . Then I'd finally crawl to bed. Mornings were rough, but I got used to it. It was invigorating to write a couple thousand words while the rest of the world was asleep. More invigorating than rest.
Harry H. Harrison Jr., 1001 Things Every Teen Should Know Before They Leave Home:|They should know that just because things get difficult, it's no reason to believe God is on vacation.
John Piper|Consciously or not, we are all on a quest for answers, trying to learn the lessons of life. We grapple with fear and guilt. We search for meaning, love, and power. We try to understand fear, loss, and time. We seek to discover who we are and how we can become truly happy.
Tanya Masse|INTEGRITY...Choosing your thoughts, words and actions based on what’s right rather than what’s in it for you.
Steven Magee, Electrical Forensics|When listening to the lightning storms in your area on a standard AM radio, you will hear a sound like bacon frying and this is the electromagnetic energy that the storm is generating. Plants react to this energy and may show vigorous growth during lightning seasons.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|I love you, I want to tell yu that, I want to say it for the billion times I couldn't say it. - Fletcher Green
Judy Blume|The one thing I think I've noticed about shows that are supposed to be funny on television is that they've sort of become routinized, so there's an awful lot of mannerisms and joke lines that are sort of there to trigger laughter, rather than give actors a chance to play a moment.
Harlan Ellison, The Essential Ellison: A 50 Year Retrospective|No, they can't. They can't be Luke Skywalker.
Amit Kalantri|People come to me for the solution of their problem, if my knowledge and experience is not enough to solve the problem, I go to my library read the relevant book and provide the solution.
Roy Hale|When you reach a certain level of peace in your life, you will find that many issues that have weighed you down in the past...disappear, become non-important, and their hold on you becomes less by the day, weeks and months. Try to get that peace in your life, especially if you fill you are struggling with inner peace today, doing so will lead to remarkable changes in your life, both inner and outer, the inner being a more fulfilled life journey and better health, the outer being a more inclusive social person who will be received much better as your inner self sparkles in a united way with your outer physical self, stop neglecting your own needs and place your own peace in order first, then you can help others achieve their peace, if an when they ask you to. ~ Roy Hale
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|A student is engaging, attentive, notes details, and shows effort in learning.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|The keeping of lists was for November an exercise kin to repeating of a rosary. She considered it neither obsessive nor compulsive, but a ritual, an essential ordering of the world into tall, thin jars containing perfect nouns. Enough nouns connected one to the other create a verb, and verbs had created everything, had skittered across the face of the void like pebbles across a frozen pond. She had not created a verb herself, but the cherry-wood cabinet in the hall contained book after book, jar after jar, vessel upon vessel, all brown as branches, and she had faith.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|One of the greatest ever statement that can keep you at peace with others is that "I am right, but I may be wrong"! Yes, we know you are right but you may be wrong!
Katie Reus, Sworn to Protect|He brushed his lips over hers, and this time his kiss was a bit more heated than the last. She clutched onto him, deepening it until he pulled back.	He groaned, simmering heat in his gaze. "Let's get you in the bath before I lose my head."	"Maybe after the bath you can lose it.
Elisabeth Elliot|Where does your security lie? Is God your refuge, your hiding place, your stronghold, your shepherd, your counselor, your friend, your redeemer, your saviour, your guide? If He is, you don't need to search any further for security.
A.S. Byatt, The Virgin in the Garden|Those words . . . national and portrait. They were both to do with identity: the identity of a culture (place, language and history), the identity of an individual human being as an object for mimetic representation.
Sherri Shepherd|It's amazing how quickly people on the internet can pick something up, but it's also amazing how quickly they can drop it.
Jay Baruchel|We're extremely excited about the assets that Yahoo has in the areas of Sports and Finance and Email and News. You match those up with AOL, and we've just made an exponential leap in capabilities here.
William Ellery Channing|In most job interviews, people say they are looking for people skills and emotional intelligence. That's reasonable, but the question is, how do you define what that looks like?
Jonathan Kieran, Confessions from the Comments Section: The Secret Lives of Internet Commenters and Other Pop Culture Zombies|There may come a day when internet comments sections are deemed, for the good of humanity and the sanity of civilization in general, to be a form of biohazard or metaphysical catastrophe.
Suzy Kassem|I loved you instantly, because angels can love instantly.
John Irving, The Hotel New Hampshire|I think it would be cool if we wore suits while we committed these violent acts of retribution. Not fancy suits. No. Cheap suits that we won't mind ruining. Then if we're caught by the police, well, think how amazing we'll look! All bloody and torn and grizzled.Plus, suits look official. They would add an air of credibility to our campaign of blood drenched disproportionate responses.
Geoffrey Canada|Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings; it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Stay away from negative people, solution aren't the problem, they hate that, they are the problem.
Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy, Out of Revolution: Autobiography of Western Man|I may now add that civilization is a process in the service of Eros, whose purpose is to combine single human individuals, and after that families, then races, peoples and nations, into one great unity, the unity of mankind.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|Toni, I barely know you, but I canna see anything remotely unworthy about you. any man would be blessed and honored to receive yer love." (Ian MacPhie)
Graham Hancock|Universal or quantum consciousness emphasizes that we are all interrelated, interconnected and interdependent.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|We biologists often use the phrase “Mother Nature” to refer to the entire system of Nature that we see around us, but it is not really an entity, and it does not have any real concern for any of its living creatures – it lives on with or without us; it is in our human psychology to impose a human-like identity upon any grand system that we encounter around us – it gives us a sense of closeness to that system and makes us feel an essential part of it. When I say, Mother Nature designed us, or programmed us, I am simply referring to the process of natural selection.
Guy Gavriel Kay, River of Stars|It was different, though, knowing something in your thoughts and then hearing it confirmed, made real, planted in the world like a tree
Albert Camus, The Stranger|It was as if that great rush of anger had washed me clean, emptied me of hope, and, gazing up at the dark sky spangled with its signs and stars, for the first time, the first, I laid my heart open to the benign indifference of the universe.To feel it so like myself, indeed, so brotherly, made me realize that I'd been happy, and that I was happy still. For all to be accomplished, for me to feel less lonely, all that remained to hope was that on the day of my execution there should be a huge crowd of spectators and that they should greet me with howls of execration.
Andre Ellison|Being Creative is not a hobbie, it's a way of life!
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|I think I succeeded as a writer because I did not come out of an English department. I used to write in the chemistry department. And I wrote some good stuff. If I had been in the English department, the prof would have looked at my short stories, congratulated me on my talent, and then showed me how Joyce or Hemingway handled the same elements of the short story. The prof would have placed me in competition with the greatest writers of all time, and that would have ended my writing career.
Samuel Rutherford, The Trial and Triumph of Faith|Let me paraphrase what Paul is saying here: Jesus married the Church - Christians, you and me, us. The Church is His literal bride. He laid His life down for the Church. And Paul writes that husbands should love their wives in the same way that Jesus loved The Church, and vice-versa. What a daunting task.But what is made clear in this passage is that marriage was designed to display the love that Jesus has for the Church, His bride. It’s the closest thing we can get to tasting the kind of love that He has for us - a sacrificing love, a serving love, a selfless love. Do you see what this means? Marriage isn’t really about us. It’s not. It’s about God. It’s about the Gospel.
James     Baldwin, No Name in the Street|Nakedness has no color: this can come as news only to those who have never covered, or been covered by, another naked human being.
Debasish Mridha|What you believe and hold close to your heart, you will become.
George Gaylord Simpson|Christians don't think that Dawkins thinks that they think that God really has a beard. "Old man in the sky with a white beard" is a figure of speech – shorthand – which neatly encapsulates various errors which lazy atheists and naive theists sometimes make, for example: 1: They imagine that Christians think that God is a human being of some kind and therefore ask questions like: "What does he eat?"; "If he made the world, what did he stand on?"; "If he doesn't have a beard, how does he shave?" and "How did he evolve?" (Three guesses which of those questions troubles Professor Dawkins.) Christians don't think that God is an old man. They don't even think he is a man. They probably don't even think he's made of atoms. 2: They confuse symbols with representations: they think that when Michelangelo painted God on the Pope's ceiling, he was making an informed guess about what someone would have seen with their eyes if they bumped into God on the Roman metro – as opposed to using pictures to put across theological ideas. 3: They imagine that Christians think that God lives in some particular place in space and time. They may not think that we think that he lives in the sky, but I think that they think that we think that if you had a fast enough spaceship you could eventually track him down. Dawkins doesn't commit himself on the question of God's facial hair; but it is pretty clear that he thinks that God lives in the sky – or at any rate, in some place in the empirical universe.
Anonymous ., The Angel Affect: The World Wide Mission|Just because something doesn’t go as planned, doesn’t mean it wasn’t worth your while. Sometimes you have to fall forward, by learning what doesn’t work, to discover what does. Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than ever before, so that you can stand up taller than you ever were before. Tears wash out our eyes so that we can have a clearer vision. Don’t carry your mistakes around with you. Be strong enough to let go and wise enough to fight for what you deserve.
Oscar Wilde|The public make use of the classics of a country as a means of checking the progress of Art. They degrade the classics into authorities.... A fresh mode of Beauty is absolutely distasteful to them, and whenever it appears they get so angry and bewildered that they always use two stupid expressions--one is that the work of art is grossly unintelligible; the other, that the work of art is grossly immoral. What they mean by these words seems to me to be this. When they say a work is grossly unintelligible, they mean that the artist has said or made a beautiful thing that is new; when they describe a work as grossly immoral, they mean that the artist has said or made a beautiful thing that is true.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Trivers, pursuing his theory of the emotions to its logical conclusion, notes that in a world of walking lie detectors the best strategy is to believe your own lies. You can’t leak your hidden intentions if you don’t think they are your intentions. According to his theory of self-deception, the conscious mind sometimes hides the truth from itself the better to hide it from others. But the truth is useful, so it should be registered somewhere in the mind, walled off from the parts that interact with other people.
Linda Hunt|I did work at a mall in college - I think retail/customer service is just one of the most hideous jobs in the world. So I always try to be extra nice when I go into a store. But malls are part of our culture, if you watched any teen comedy in the '80s. it's clear that malls are where we live!
Debasish Mridha|To reach the pinnacle of success, you have to cross the treacherous valleys of failures and discontent.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Every opportunity with another was an opportunity to serve my fellow man. Every moment alone was a chance to grow and become more of who I already was. I instantly felt how great a life could be, and that was only made possible by service toward others.
Colleen McCullough, The Ladies of Missalonghi|Suddenly the thought that the end of her life was imminent shocked him; it was one thing to pity someone he didn't know, quite another to face the same dilemma with someone he knew intimately. That was the trouble with beds. They turned strangers into intimates more quickly than ten years of polite teas in parlours.
Stefan Molyneux|Countries adopting free-market capitalism have increased output 70-fold, halved work days and doubled lifespans.
Paul Bryant|I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|Man is manifestly not the measure of all things. This universe is shot through with mystery. The very fact of its being, and of our own, is a mystery absolute, and the only miracle worthy of the name.
Carl Honore|The Earth is the cradle of humanity, but mankind cannot stay in the cradle forever.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|E: Well, shall we go?V: Yes, let's go.(They do not move)
Queen Rania of Jordan|I'm actually not a big fan of the word hope. I think it's a depressing word. I don't want to hope - I want to know. Like I don't hope there's a God, I know there's a God.
Santosh Avvannavar|People often try to distinguish between personal and professional life, but they end failing - Cord 8 : Are we Computers?
Karen E. Bender, Refund|It was not their first choice, and they did not know if they would ever feel at home there, but they could afford, finally, a small house as well as a car. They had found their own happiness, weighted by resignation: that they were who they were, that they could never truly know the thoughts of another person, that their love was bruised by the carelessness of their own parents (his mother, her father); that they would wander the world in their dreams with ghostly, intangible lovers, that their children would move from adoration of them to fury, that they and their parents would die in different cities, that they would never accomplish anything that would leave any lasting mark on the world. They had longed for this, from the first lonely moment of their childhoods when they realized they could not marry their fathers or mothers, through the burning romanticism of their teens, to the bustling search of their twenties, and there was the faint regret that this tumult and exhaustion was what they had longed for too, and soon it would be gone.
Ljupka Cvetanova|Most people are willing to promise you a lot. A few are those who can promise you a little, just as much as they can.
Claire Danes|Man does not live by soap alone; and hygiene, or even health, is not much good unless you can take a healthy view of it or, better still, feel a healthy indifference to it.
Oscar Wilde|Paradoxically though it may seem, it is none the less true that life imitates art far more than art imitates life.
John Piper, Good News of Great Joy: Daily Readings for Advent|Success is not money, cars, fame or material possessions but the lives you touched positively.
Michael Eric Dyson|We, therefore, here in Britain stand shoulder to shoulder with our American friends in this hour of tragedy, and we, like them, will not rest until this evil is driven from our world.
Gellert Grindelwald - JK Rowling|You, yourself, will never rest until you've tried!
Sara Secora|The more consciousness there is in such a sufferer who in despair wills to be himself, the more his despair intensifies and becomes demonic. It usually originates as follows. A self that in despair wills to be itself is pained in some distress or other that does not allow itself to be taken away from or separated from his concrete self. So now he makes precisely this torment the object of all his passion, and finally it becomes a demonic age. By now, even if God in heaven and all the angels offered to help him out of it- no, he does not want that, now it is too late. Once he would gladly have given everything to be rid of this agony, but he was kept waiting; now it is too late, now he would rather rage against everything and be the wronged victim of the whole world and of all life, and it is of particular significance to him to make sure that he has his torment on hand and that no one takes it away from him- for then he would not be able to demonstrate and prove to himself that he is right. This eventually becomes such a fixation that for an extremely strange reason he is afraid of eternity, afraid that it will separate him from his, demonically understood, infinite superiority over other men, his justification, demonically understood, for being what he is.
Nicholas Sparks, The Rescue|People come, people go – they’ll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past.
Christine Feehan|I tucked the Camel coupon from his cigarette pack into my pocket. A souvenir of the moment where he said maybe. I would hold on to his maybe for as long as it would take, even forever.
M|I am a diamond But people see me as goldHonestly, I wanna be silver
David Lynch|14 years ago I was born in the shadow of this mountain, given the name Mary Call. - Mary Call in Where the Lilies Bloom.
R.D. Laing, The Politics of Experience/The Bird of Paradise|Misery, like yoga, is not a competitive sport
Tyler Perry|I didn't have a catharsis for my childhood pain, most of us don't, and until I learned how to forgive those people and let it go, I was unhappy.
Rukhsana Khan|I have a pesky little critic in the back of my mind. He's a permanent fixture and passes judgment on everything I write.In order to placate him, especially when I'm endeavoring to write anything as ambitious as a novel, I have to constantly mutter, 'I'm not writing a masterpiece, I'm not writing a masterpiece.'This mantra lulls him into a kind of stupor so that he pays no attention to what I'm doing, because after all, I'm not claiming it's any good. Slowly, and secretly, one page at a time, I write my story.I know I've succeeded when he grudgingly admits, 'That's pretty good.' And if I'm lucky, every once in a while, I blow him away.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Today, it isn't unusual for meat to travel almost halfway around the globe to reach your supermarket. The average distance our meat travels hovers arounf fifteen hundred miles.
Zig Ziglar|I remember being superyoung, like nine or ten years old, and thinking, 'Man, I wonder what famous people eat for breakfast. They must have some special kind of cereal!' My mind was so warped by the idea of fame.
Donald Glover|Most people define themselves by this finite body, but you’re not a finite body. Even under amicroscope you’re an energy field. What we know about energy is this: You go to a quantumphysicist and you say, “What creates the world?” And he or she willsay, “Energy.” Well, describe energy. “OK, it can never be created or destroyed, it always was, always has been, everything that ever existed always exists, it’smoving into form, through form and out of form.” You go to a theologian and ask the question, “What created theUniverse?” And he or she willsay, “God.” OK, describe God. “Always was and always has been, never can be created or destroyed, all that ever was, always will be, always moving into form, through form and out of form.”You see, it’s the same description, just different terminology.
Rebecca Traister|Computers are very expensive and they need power, and that can be a problem in Africa.
Katherine Dunham|There is no point at which you can say  "Well  I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap."
C. JoyBell C.|It's so easy for some people to get naked. They think they're so promiscuous and avant-garde and rebellious... but year-round their souls are covered in winter clothing! My soul is promiscuous, now how's that for being a rebel without a cause? They are amateurs.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|All I had done was to improve on their strategy, and it was the beginning of a very important lesson in life - that anytime you find someone more successful than you are, especially when you're both engaged in the same business - you know they're doing something that you aren't.
Jacky|With a book, he was regardless of time.
Shahid Kapoor|In the West, you have always associated the Islamic faith 100 percent with Arab culture. This in itself is a fundamentalist attitude and it is mistaken.
Dominick Cruz|I think for anybody, regardless of what industry you work in, when you get a new job, and it's progressive in terms of your career, that is one of the best feelings in the world.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|How can one ever do anything nobly Christian, living among people with such petty thoughts?
J. L. Locher|Scientists are fascinated by Escher's work because they recognize in it not only a concept of the world with which they are familiar but also a similar attitude toward that world. For them as for him, the plurality of the world signifies neither absurdity nor chaos but a challenge to look for new logical relationships between phenomena.
George MacDonald|How old are you?""Ten," answered Tangle."You don't look like it," said the lady."How old are you, please?" returned Tangle."Thousands of years old," answered the lady."You don't look like it," said Tangle."Don't I? I think I do. Don't you see how beautiful I am!
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|Besides, nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner. Conscience makes egotists of us all.
Deborah Wiles, Revolution|For example, the call for equal rights has perverted into “let’s all be the same.” Male and female biological differences are discounted, because “male” and “female” are considered “outdated social constructs,” and while that is partially true, the social construct stance becomes clear reductionism when it totally discounts clear differences in male and female biology (i.e., androgyny is not the same as equality).
Ann Radcliffe, The Romance of the Forest|There are certain prejudices attached to the human mind which it requires all our wisdom to keep from interfering with our happiness; certain set notions, acquired in infancy, and cherished involuntarily by age, which grow up and assume a gloss so plausible, that few minds, in what is called a civilized country, can afterwards overcome them. Truth is often perverted by education. While the refined Europeans boast a standard of honour, and a sublimity of virtue, which often leads them from pleasure to misery, and from nature to error, the simple, uninformed American follows the impulse of his heart, and obeys the inspiration of wisdom.Nature, uncontaminated by false refinement, every where acts alike in the great occurrences of life. The Indian discovers his friend to be perfidious, and he kills him; the wild Asiatic does the same; the Turk, when ambition fires, or revenge provokes, gratifies his passion at the expence of life, and does not call it murder. Even the polished Italian, distracted by jealousy, or tempted by a strong circumstance of advantage, draws his stiletto, and accomplishes his purpose. It is the first proof of a superior mind to liberate itself from the prejudices of country, or of education… Self-preservation is the great law of nature; when a reptile hurts us, or an animal of prey threatens us, we think no farther, but endeavour to annihilate it. When my life, or what may be essential to my life, requires the sacrifice of another, or even if some passion, wholly unconquerable, requires it, I should be a madman to hesitate.
Angelica Hopes|Truthful hearts have clear blue skies permanently hidden and bound to thrive from the accusing mists of doubts and lies." ~ Angelica Hopes~ an excerpt from If I Could Tell You
John Green, Looking for Alaska|If I'd waited until I was well rested to read, I never would have read anything.
David Bowie|Everywhere I looked, demons of the future [were] on the battlegrounds of one’s emotional plane.
Akshay Vasu|Speaking with her always felt like sitting on a seashore. Hearing the waves and feeling them crashing into my feet, While gazing the setting sun and the way he colours the whole sky. I never got tired of it.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|I would have died, before a literary agent ever committed to my book. This is why I chose to empower myself by self publishing.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|It demands great spiritual resilience not to hate the hater whose foot is on your neck, and an even greater miracle of perception and charity not to teach your child to hate.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|To regard all things and principles of things as inconstant modes or fashions has more and more become the tendency of modern thought. Let us begin with that which is without - our physical life. Fix upon it in one of its more exquisite intervals, the moment, for instance, of delicious recoil from the flood of water in summer heat. What is the whole physical life in that moment but a combination of natural elements to which science gives their names? But these elements, phosphorus and lime and delicate fibres, are present not in the human body alone: we detect them in places most remote from it. Our physical life is a perpetual motion of them - the passage of the blood, the wasting and repairing of the lenses of the eye, the modification of the tissues of the brain by every ray of light and sound - processes which science reduces to simpler and more elementary forces. Like the elements of which we are composed, the action of these forces extends beyond us; it rusts iron and ripens corn. Far out on every side of us those elements are broadcast, driven by many forces; and birth and gesture and death and the springing of violets from the grave are but a few out of ten thousand resultant combinations. That clear, perpetual outline of face and limb is but an image of ours, under which we group them - a design in a web, the actual threads of which pass out beyond it. This at least of flame-like our life has, that it is but the concurrence, renewed from moment to moment, of forces parting sooner or later on their ways.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|In a marriage, it is not about how who made the money, it is about how it is distributed.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|Deep inside, the majority of people had the sneaking suspicion that evil was more powerful than good and could be counteracted only by more evil.
Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite|Unknowing, or agnosia, is not ignorance or absence of knowledge as ordinarily understood, but rather the realization that no finite knowledge can fully know the Infinite One, and that therefore He is only truly to be approached by agnosia, or by that which is beyond and above knowledge.
Daphne Scholinski, The Last Time I Wore a Dress|I had a friend who got pregnant at age 14 and wasn’t quite sure who the father was. Her paternity test went a little something like this: “If it comes out black, its Darwin’s and if it comes out white its Ray’s.” This is how things were done in the trailer park.
Akshay Vasu|Your voice tears me away from the reality that I exist and places my mind somewhere in between the infinity and beyond. Where everything is made of bliss and magic. Sometimes, I am scared of not hearing it again and never being able to get separated from this chaotic reality again.
Greg Egan, Axiomatic|Imagine experiencing pervasive and perpetual sensations of dread and shame, the sort of visceral response that you might have when your body reacts to a physical threat. Envision how distressing it would be if you experienced these exact same feelings after viewing yourself in a reflective surface or a photograph. Imagine what it might be like if your body was the source of extreme feelings of anger, disgust, anxiety, fear, and hopelessness. Try to visualize how it might be if viewing your outward appearance triggered a reaction usually associated with a perilous situation, and how disconcerting it would be if every time you looked at yourself you experienced primal feelings of terror. If you have not had such an experience, it is probably quite difficult to comprehend how it is possible to have such a reaction to one's own body. This, though, is the very tormenting reality for individuals who suffer from body dysmorphic disorder (BDD).
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Your passion may determine what you can do, but your attitude redefines how far you can go while you do what you can. Your attitude leads you and you lead other people!
Tom Cowan, Fire in the Head: Shamanism and the Celtic Spirit|Mystical insight and enlightenment occur when the veil between the worlds is lifted, the worlds are bridged, the gap closes, and we cross over.
W. Terry Whalin, Book Proposals That Sell: 21 Secrets to Speed Your Success|Be generous with your life - love deeply, honestly, and without reservation.
Simone Weil|In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|I learned a little of beauty - enough to know that it had nothing to do with truth - and I found, moreover, that there was no great literary tradition; there was only the tradition of the eventful death of every literary tradition.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I saw a sadness shivering in his eyes that night. They resemble a heart flat-lining. I wanted to ask him what put it there, but he blinked... and it was gone. And I knew that a man who could control pain so exquisitely had no business paying with my heart.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The stars will go out before I forget you, Mark Blackthorn.
George Orwell|Gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant, but it's very important that you do it, because nobody else will.I tend to agree with the first part.
Tim Burton, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory|Everything in this room is edible. Even I'm edible. But, that would be called canibalism. It is looked down upon in most societies.
Robbie Vorhaus, One Less. One More.|Here in your heart, deep in your soul, resides the universe’s collective wisdom, waiting for expression through your life’s experience.
Ezra Miller|I miss the newness of Magic Eye posters, which really are amazing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without gospel, how could know the great grace of salvation?
Amen Muffler|Everyone says that hope is the feeling that something desirable is likely to happen which gives people the expectation that something good would occur. But the thing is, people hope for something. They only HOPE for that certain thing. For what is that hope that people say if they wouldn't take action to make that hope happened. It's just like wanting something or someone but not doing anything to have them.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Short term interventions will call for more guns and force in affected areas, in order to protect the vulnerable and suppress proliferation of terrorism and sectarian hatred, but the forward-looking leadership driving for sustainable solutions must now promote deliberate intents to influence systems of education, belief, culture, values and attitudes to promote tolerance, mutual respect, love and hope for all to succeed. If this area was given the same kind of attention and resources that HIV-AIDS has received to date, I can promise you, the same progress made in the containment of HIV-AIDS, would also have been made on the extremism front.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|The law of all modern states takes account of associations, whose members, in theory, pursue the common end with equal zeal. The experience of all associations proves, however, that this is not the case, and that a lively, constant and vigorous awareness of the end is found only in a minority of the associates; an association is really rather like a comet—a large tail of docile followers dragged along by a small dynamic head.
Dada Bhagwan|When you experience permanent bliss of the Self (samadhi), then it will be considered that your entire work is completed.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|Not much in the world ends up being the same as it started out, unless of course it had a very short life cycle.
Stephen Jay Gould, Bully for Brontosaurus: Reflections in Natural History|Scientists have power by virtue of the respect commanded by the discipline... We live with poets and politicians, preachers and philosophers. All have their ways of knowing, and all are valid in their proper domain. The world is too complex and interesting for one way to hold all the answers.
Ray Lewis|I'm really interested in mythology and folklore. I'm interested in moralities, why we're here, faith... all of these bigger questions that I think we can place in films that allow us to question and give us a safe place to feel. Those types of questions can pop up in all sorts of different types of films - drama, comedy, action movie.
Mark W. Boyer|A confident leader is like a duck. Above the water, he is calm and poised while below the water, he is driven by a flurry of focused activity.
John Gardner, Grendel|We are taught to believe that the ‘alienation’ that we experience sometimes, when we withdraw from everything or feel alone, is a craving for something sexual, material, or in the physical - and can be cured by popping a pill in most cases. When in Truth, it’s the circuitry within our souls and minds that is hinting to be connected - to real flowing energy - outside of our TVs and computer monitors. What many of us mistaken for depression is actually a need to be understood, or to see desires come to fruition. There is absolutely nothing abnormal about feeling disconnected. Your sensitivity only means you are more human than most. If you cry, you are alive. I’d be more worried if you didn’t.
Alexander Pope|Sometimes, I feel discriminated against, but it does not make me angry. It merely astonishes me. How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company? It's beyond me.But in the main, I feel like a brown bag of miscellany propped against a wall. Against a wall In company with other bags, white, red and yellow. Pour out the contents, and there is discovered a jumble of small, things priceless and worthless. A first water diamond, an empty spool bits of broken glass, lengths of string, a key to a door long since crumbled away, a rusty knife-blade, old shoes saved for a road that never was and never will be, a nail bent under the weight of things too heavy for any nail, a dried flower or two still a little fragrant. in your hand is the brown bag. On the ground before you is the jumble it held so much like the jumble in the bags could they be emptied that all might be dumped in a single heap and the bags refilled without altering the content of any greatly. A bit of colored glass more or less would not matter. Perhaps that is how the Great Stuffer of Bags filled them in the first place, who knows?
Jeffrey R. Holland|The world is kept alive only by heretics: the heretic Christ, the heretic Copernicus, the heretic Tolstoy. Our symbol of faith is heresy. (“Tomorrow”)
Gena Showalter, Jewel of Atlantis|It is my job-no,-my privilege-to make the fire become an inferno. -Gray
Lawrence Spingarn|Keep out of this," Lucian said. "I'm not smiting anybody.""You're showing mercy." Catch-a-Tick nodded. "That's heroic, too. But not as good as smiting.
Chaim Potok, Davita's Harp|…everything has a past. Everything – a person, an object, a word, everything. If you don’t know the past, you can’t understand the present and plan properly for the future.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|The truth doesn't always make a good story, does it? 
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|You, in bloom, heart, beloved,you are like the foliage of the sky over my eyesand I look at you lying on the earth
Dannika Dark, Impulse|Because I know it in my bones. You are the only female I desire, the only water that will quench my thirst, the only sun that will warm my skin, the only lips that were made for mine.
J.D. Robb, Concealed in Death|And what the hell does that even mean? Why would you serve food for thoughgs, and what kind of food? If you serve spinach, do you get healthy thoughts? If it's ice cream and candy, it is fun thoughts? Why do we say stupid things?
Samantha Towle, Trouble|Pain of the past never goes away, you just find a way to deal with it. And in the future....... all the promise it holds.... that's what keeps you moving forward, and out of the darkness.
Ijeoma Umebinyuo|Stop the idea that a woman’s beauty is for a man’s gaze, that you have the right to touch her. This idea that she must smile and accept unwanted approaches even when she is clearly uncomfortable. Just because you call a woman beautiful does not mean you have the right to behave like her beauty belongs to you. There are women healing from scars gotten from men who have called them beautiful yet offered them pain. The beauty of a woman is hers and hers alone. There are triggers for some women, respect this and know this. The beauty of a woman is hers and hers alone.
Franz Rosenzweig, Franz Rosenzweig: His Life and Thought|But doesn't add something to what has come before; but takes something away. At its most daring, it can feel like a Bat Turn, a 180-degree spin int the Batmobile. Make that a But Turn.
John Wesley|Now, there are things I like just fine about church, and I don’t just mean making money. The notion of getting together as a community to remind ourselves why we shouldn’t behave like animals is a fucking great idea.
Tina Schermer Sellers, Sex, God, and the Conservative Church: Erasing Shame from Sexual Intimacy|When we do not fully and equally represent the masculine and the feminine in church and civic leadership, we cannot represent the human experience or Jesus.
Frances Beinecke|I love musicians. I think artists are the most amazing people because they're constantly creating beauty for the world. With all the crazy stuff going on in the world, then there's artists reminding us of our humanity and reminding us of our heart and soul and what really matters.
G.K. Chesterton, The Well and the Shallows|The State did not own men so entirely, even when it could send them to the stake, as it sometimes does now where it can send them to the elementary school.
Jane Pauley|In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?'
Ludmilla Jordanova, History in Practice|...history is inherently an eclectic discipline and the skills it requires are correspondingly diverse. And therein lie its strengths. Eclecticism is sometimes treated as a dirty word. At the very least it sounds untidy - just so: if historians treat the past in too tidy a manner they lose a great deal...It is precisely the ability to embrace complexities while making sense of them, and to think flexibly about diverse phenomena at distinct analytical levels, that characterises historians' purchase on the past.
Colin McGinn|Our treatment of animals, in every department, is deeply and systematically immoral. Becoming a vegetarian is only the most minimal ethical response to the magnitude of the evil.
Sunday Adelaja|God is waiting, heaven is waiting, and the heavenly army is waiting for us to move forward and accomplish the will of God
Chieko N. Okazaki, Lighten Up|God reminds us again and again that things between He and us are forever fixed. They are the rendezvous points where God declares to us concretely that the debt has been paid, the ledger put away, and that everything we need, in Christ we already possess. This re-convincing produces humility, because we realize that our needs are fulfilled. We don’t have to worry about ourselves anymore. This in turn frees us to stop looking out for what we think we need and liberates us to love our neighbor by looking out for what they need.
T.A. Uner, Stone Ram|Look Fabian, the world is full of sheep, don’t settle for being a sheep, even if you do reside over those creatures, act more like a Ram.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Leaders are made not born. They are the results of persistent effort. Thus, leadership involves much more than just shouting. Effective leadership requires a human focus and reflects a servant and transformation mentality. It is about the nuts and bolts of execution. Leadership is an everyday activity. It is a process that begins but never ends.
Lewis Thomas|If we don't end war, war will end us.
Eric Jerome Dickey, Pleasure|Women were excited after sex, wired becasue in their minds the relationship was on beginning. Men went to sleep m the because for the orgasm had arrived and the relationship was done.
Ben Sweetland|Part of my problem is that I cannot dispel the myths that have somehow accumulated over the years. Somebody writes something, it's completely off the wall, but it gets filed and repeated until everyone believes it. For instance, I've read that I wear a football helmet in the car.
Andie MacDowell|Some actors specialize in shooting weapons and punching people. Some have the market on playing buffoons cornered, others specialize in roles that require heavy makeup or outrageous wardrobe. Some trade exclusively in a post-ironic blase attitude.
Hesiod, Hesiod: The Works and Days/Theogony/The Shield of Herakles|When we carry out our "religious duties" we are like people digging channels in a waterless land, in order that when at last water comes, it may find them ready.
Clare Vanderpool, Navigating Early|During the night a fine, delicate summer rain had washed the plains, leaving the morning sky crisp and clean. The sun shone warm—soon to bake the earth dry. It cast a purple haze across the plain—like a great, dark topaz. In the trees the birds sang, while the squirrels jumped from branch to branch in seeming good will, belying the expected tension of the coming days.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|No mathematician in the world would bother making these senseless distinctions: 2 1/2 is a "mixed number " while 5/2 is an "improper fraction." They're EQUAL for crying out loud. They are the exact same numbers and have the exact same properties. Who uses such words outside of fourth grade?
Debasish Mridha|Be judgmental to yourself, but be kind and non-judgmental to others.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Beauty will not come at the call of a legislature, nor will it repeat in England or America its history in Greece. It will come, as always, unannounced, and spring up between the feet of brave and earnest men.
Blaise Pascal|You know on crime shows where they put a sample in a machine, push a button, and it magics them up a description of what it is?”“Ahh yes. I’m familiar”“Like that, but with less magic” Amy squinted, blinked, and shook her head at the screen. “I take it back; this one might actually contain magic
Anonymous|I always try to cheer myself up by singing when i get sad. Most of the time, it turns out that my voice is worse than my problems.
Phil 'Philosofree' Cheney|Lord, I intend to be aware today of the presence of your divine being in every other living being that I encounter.I intend to center my spirit in alignment with the spirit of Love before I commence my day.I intend to ground my being in your source, Universal Intentional Love Energy, recognizing my role as a cell in the body of the universe.I intend to be loving and compassionate with every person I encounter today, observing their activities in the context of their growth, and not judging their decisions as good or bad. I intend not to attempt to blame or shame other people, but rather to encourage and support.I intend to be creative today, emulating the divine creative essence in my life.I intend to be joyful today, aware of what good things I have, picking up the scent of wonder, and breathing in the good things with thanks and appreciation.I intend to reject any opinion of other people offered which negatively affects my ability to achieve the above goals.I am blessed and will be grateful for the presence of love in my life.I will grow today, learning more and applying love to the best of my ability.
Lemony Snicket, The Composer Is Dead|If you are going to hear the work of the world’s greatest composers, you will have to allow for a little murder here and there. […] Those who want justice can go to the police, but those who want something a little more interesting should go to the orchestra!
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Anything is possible with laughter. If you can laugh out loud, especially at a life of mistakes, you will come out unscathed.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Every choice you make today is the choice you’re going to live with. So, make the best choices.
Debasish Mridha|Always be positive, enjoy the music of rain on a rainy day.
litymunshi|used to see people in love . seeing them ,used to say -how heavenly it is ,they looks so happy in love. now i touched by love- and don't say the same .
John Quincy Adams|Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.
Lynn Kurland, Princess of the Sword|Jesus "...It sounds like these guys would be filed under Assholes Who do Evil Shit in My Name.
Siobhan Vivian, Same Difference|AHA!" interrupted Officer Shrift, making another note in his little book. "Just as I thought: boys are the cause of everything.
G. M. Trevelyan|Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
Barack Obama|Neil Gaiman on librarians as knowledge navigators over time.“And information was hard to find. And it was hard to find because it was like a flower growing in a desert – you had a long way to walk, but a librarian could take you to the flower. Now it’s more like flowers growing in the Amazon jungle and you’re trying to find a specific flower,” Gaiman said. “Anyone who has spent 5 minutes Googling for information and just sees the amount of noise out there starts to realize that actually someone who knows what they’re doing is incredibly useful. And librarians know what they’re doing.
K.Z. Snow, A Hole in God's Pocket|Now he had chanced on one of he standard hard-on sessions of the shower, as on both sides of him and across the room three queens sported horizontal members which they turned around from time to time to conceal or display, barely exchanging looks as they resolved. The old men took no interest in this activity, knowing perhaps from long experience that it rarely meant anything or led anywhere, was a brief and helpless surrender to the forcing-house of the shower. In a few seconds the hard-on might pass from one end of the room to the other with the foolish perfection of a Busby Berkeley routine.
Milan Kundera|Whose truth do you want to know, Dr. Amin Jaafari? The truth of a Bedouin who thinks he’s free and clear because he’s got an Israeli passport? The truth of a serviceable Arab per excellence who’s honored wherever he goes, who gets invited to fancy parties by people who want to show how tolerant and considerate they are? The truth of someone who thinks he can change sides like changing a shirt, with no trace left behind? Is that the truth you’re looking for, or is it the one you’re running away from? What planet do you live on, sir? … Our cities are being buried by machines on caterpillar tracks, our patron saints don’t know which way to turn, and you, simply because you’re nice and warm in your golden cage, refuse to see the inferno consuming us.
Steph Campbell, My Heart for Yours|Eliza: The problem with YOU is that you don't take the RESPONSIBILITY for anything@ You think you can just run around, doing whatever you want to whoever you want, and that it's going to be fine. That everything is just going to be TAKE CARE of for you, with no consequences.Cooper: No. I don't, and I have had consequences from what happened with me and you.Eliza: Yeah? Like what?Cooper: I lost you, that was my consequence.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|These pictures are my heart. And if my heart was a canvas, every square inch of it would be painted over with you.
Christian D. Larson|Money is a kind of uneffable thing,who ever does not values it is the best person in these world.
Roxane Gay, Difficult Women|She didn't care if he was telling the truth. Milly felt nothing but she was very good at making men think otherwise. Sometimes, she nearly convinced herself.
Glenn Beck|If I were king, I would redress an abuse which cuts back, as it were, one half of human kind. I would have women participate in all human rights, especially those of the mind.
Martin Amis, Experience: A Memoir|All the books of the world full of thoughts and poems are nothing in comparison to a minute of sobbing, when feeling surges in waves, the soul feels itself profoundly and finds itself. Tears are the melting ice of snow. All angels are close to the crying person.
Julie Anne Long|The first kiss is the deepest.""The last breath is the hardest.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Do people ever climb the demon towers? Like, for any reason?" Aline looked up. "Climb the demon towers?" She laughed. "No, no one ever does that. It's totally illegal, for one thing, and besides, why would you want to?" Aline, Isabelle thought, did not have much imagination. She herself could think of lots of reasons why someone might want to climb the demon towers, if only to spit gum down on passerbys below.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|I believe faith is a journey, not something that we fix when it goes wrong or that we have to follow in a set required way, but something that is always opening up in front of us with the people me meet and the things we do, becoming more meaningful along the way.
Bob Wells|One's age should be tranquil, as childhood should be playful. Hard work at either extremity of life seems out of place. At midday the sun may burn, and men labor under it; but the morning and evening should be alike calm and cheerful.
|Regardless of what some people might say about you, always remember that your presence on earth truly matters. However, you should never forget that your stay on earth is to consistently strive to make a positive difference.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|And people who believe in God think God has put human beings on earth because they think human beings are the best animal, but human beings are just an animal and they will evolve into another animal, and that animal will be cleverer and it will put human beings into a zoo, like we put chimpanzees and gorillas into a zoo. Or human beings will all catch a disease and die out or they will make too much pollution and kill themselves, and then there will only be insects in the world and they will be the best animal.
Karen Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|The more we can embrace failure, the more we will be able to open to it and the more confident and resilient we will become.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|A single word spoken at an appropriate time can make someone feel loved, comforted or happier.
Todd Coburn, Reflection of the Son|We were in darkness when we were outside of the knowledge of Jesus and when we were not followers of Him. Yet now that we have this knowledge of Jesus Christ and this relationship with Him, we have become light and we are to live as light.
Wassily Kandinsky, Concerning the Spiritual in Art|A painter, who finds no satisfaction in mere representation, however artistic, in his longing to express his inner life, cannot but envy the ease with which music, the most non-material of the arts today, achieves this end. He naturally seeks to apply the methods of music to his own art. And from this results that modern desire for rhythm in painting, for mathematical, abstract construction, for repeated notes of colour, for setting colour in motion.
Amit Kalantri|Your wishes doesn't come true, because there is someone else who is wishing harder and trying harder for the same wish.
Jenefer Robinson, Music & Meaning|Deep emotional response to music typically arises as a product of the most intense musical perception. It is generally in virtue of the recognition of emotions expressed in music, or of the emotion-laden gestures embodied in musical movement, that an emotional reaction occurs.
Emma Hooper, Etta and Otto and Russell and James|Successful writing is a slow, daily, meticulous form of mental illness.
Charles Dickens, Christmas Stories|We are a bed business, and a coffee-room business. We are not a general dining business, nor do we wish it. In consequence, when diners drop in, we know what to give 'em as will keep 'em away another time.
Ashley Madau|Don’t tell them he’s upstairs , I commanded my brain. Tell them he moved to Pacoima to start a commune for vegetarian vampires. Tell them he’s looking into getting a sex-change operation and renaming himself Lulu Pleshette.
C.L. Foster, Best Thing I Never Had|I wanted to write some words you'd remember.Words so alert they'd leap from the paper,crawl up your shoulder, lie by your ears,and purr themselves to you like baby kittens,but it was rainy, so I laid there and daydreamed about you.
Misti Hemlock|It's just hard," Harry said finally, in a low voice, "to realize he won't write me again
Ángeles Mastretta, Mujeres de ojos grandes|In reality," he told Paulina, after knowing her a short time, "endings are unworthy of art. Works of art are always unfinished. Whoever creates them is never sure of having finished them. The same is true of all the best things in life. Goethe, even though he was a German, was right about this: 'Every beginning is beautiful, but one must stop on the threshold.
Shannon L. Alder|As they walked away, hand in hand, they vowed to be together forever, not knowing that forever always ended.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|We are free, but we are not equal. We are free, but not as free as other people in this land are free.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|I don't care anymore, don't you understand that? I am doing what I am doing because I must do it. And when everything ends my ultimate reward is that I end with it, because I cannot stand to be a part of a creation that did what it did to you.
Gary Rohrmayer, First Steps for Planting a Missional Church|I therefore used the last ten minutes of our classes to recite with them words from the Bible and verses from hymns, so that they would know them and the words would stay with them throughout their lives. The aim of my teaching was to bring to their hearts and thoughts the great truths of the Gospels so religion would have meaning in their lives and give them the strength to resist the irreligious forces that might assail them. I also tried to awaken in them a love for the Church, and a desire for that hour of spiritual peace to be found in the Sunday service. I taught them to respect traditional doctrines, but at the same time to hold fast to the saying of Paul that where the spirit of Christ is, there is freedom.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|Courage doesn't wait until situational factors turn in one's favor. It doesn't wait until a plan is perfectly formed. It doesn't wait until the tide of popular opinion is turned. Courage only waits for one thing: a green light from God. And when God gives the go, it's full steam ahead, no questions asked.
S. Kelley Harrell, Life Betwixt: Essays on Allies in the Everyday and Shamanism Among|Have intention, sacred will travel.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I wanted to be one of those people who have streaks to maintain, who scorch the ground with their intensity. But for now, at least I knew such people, and they needed me, just like comets need tails.
Rafael Nadal|There is a Japanese proverb that literally goes 'Raise the sail with your stronger hand', meaning you must go after the opportunities that arise in life that you are best equipped to do.
W.J. Raymond|A good novel, one which entices the author as much as it beckons the reader.
Ankala V Subbarao|failure is costly, both to society and to individuals. Pretending that all people are equal in their abilities will not change the fact that a person with an average IQ is unlikely to become a theoretical physicist, or the fact that a person with a low level of music ability is unlikely to become a concert pianist. It makes more sense to pay attention to people’s abilities and their likelihood of achieving certain goals, so people can make good decisions about the goals they want to spend their time, money, and energy pursuing
Justin Alcala, The Devil in the Wide City|I don't imagine book elitists as my audience when writing. I dream about teachers, morticians and garbage men instead.
Robert Dale Owen|With his trademark courage and conviction, President Reagan led us out of the Cold War, spreading his vision of freedom, resulting in the release of millions of people from the yoke of communism.
Alexis de Tocqueville|Being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty, or possessions.
Linda Evangelista|The punctuation of anniversaries is terrible, like the closing of doors, one after another between you and what you want to hold on to.
Ellen DeGeneres, The Funny Thing Is...|When I look back on the stuff I used to wear, I wonder why somebody didn't try to stop me. Just a friendly warning, "You may regret this," would have been fine.
Jeaniene Frost, Once Burned|No, I do my torturing in the dungeon like any other respectable castle owner,
Karen A. Baquiran|All hardships are seeds of growth. Your life will blossom when the lesson is complete. But remember, you were ALWAYS beautiful from beginning to full bloom.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|If you really love someone. You wouldn't hide them. You would be proud to let the whole world know that you have feelings for that special someone. If I got asked who do I love. I would straight up say the name. Just imagine how special that person would feel to know that you aren't afraid or embarrassed to let everyone know that person means a lot to you. However, sometimes its understandable especially when you have your friends or family against it. Which to me shouldn't matter because it's your life and we only live once. Even if it doesn't work out, we grow from our own experiences, right?
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|From infancy, I had been accustomed to hear pro and con discussions of slavery and the American Civil War. Although the British government finally decided not to recognise the Confederacy, public opinion in England was sharply divided on the questions both of slavery and of secession.
Rose Wynters, Voluptuous Vindication|I just hope I'm around long enough to see it through.” Sara said, looking uncertain.“All of us wonder that, at some point or another,” Arch replied cryptically. “It's your destiny, and all of fate is aligning to see it come to pass. This next thirty days won't be easy. Hell is sending out its best fighters, and I'm sending out one of mine. I have faith that he will see you through.
Saint Augustine|Time, the devourer of all things.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, If I Were A Girl, I Would Not...|Really, this people, only yesterday so intelligent and discerning, seem to have been overcome by a disease of the mind
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|He would have been careful not to violate his conscience in any way that might keep him from devoting his full attention to the sin he had decided to commit. Pedro was not really very different from all men, at least in that. Not very different from the bank teller who makes sure to give every customer exact change, even while he is embezzling.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|Man with goatee. Man who looked like a Beatle. All the Beatles at once. Woman wearing newspaper hat. I'd grown used to how weird New Yorkers were, and I could fit them into types.
Elle Thornton, The Girl Who Swam to Atlantis|Just try it,â€� he murmurs, reaching over to cover my hand gently.And I think, Whoa, thatâ€™s never happened before!Then: Is he just doing that because he thinks Wyatt is interested?And, finally, this: Who the hell cares?!
Luke Evans|I usually get up between 7 A.M. and 8 A.M., have coffee, and go right to work. It's really important not to get sidetracked in the morning so I'm still in that dreamy state for my writing.
Yves Bonnefoy|In each painting, I think, it’s as if  God were giving up on finishing the world.
Oscar Wilde, The Canterville Ghost|Blessedness is not the reward of virtue, but virtue itself.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|My tears simply broke through the fragile wallthat had held them, and with a terrible feeling of shame, I laid my head upon the table and let them drain out of me.
Louisa May Alcott|Whenever we seek to avoid the responsibility for our own behavior, we do so by attempting to give that responsibility to some other individual or organization or entity. But this means we then give away our power to that entity.
Tupac Shakur|Don't believe everything you hear: Real eyes, Realize, Real lies
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Wolves and women are relational by nature, inquiring, possessed of great endurance and strength. They are deeply intuitive, intensely concerned with their young, their mate, and their pack. They are experienced in adapting to constantly changing circumstances; they are fiercely stalwart and very brave.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Always remember to give yourself the kindness, compassion and consideration you give to others.
Julie James, A Lot like Love|Don't take this next undercover assignment. Stay with me instead."Nick's eyes pierced hers, refusing to let her off that easily. "Tell me why.""Because... I love you." She exhaled. No take-backs. The words were out there forever.And it felt great.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Be hole, be dust, be dream, be wind/Be night, be dark, be wish, be mind,/Now slip, now slide, now move unseen,/Above, beneath, betwixt, between.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There are always certain things which are certain and certain things which are uncertain for us to think about each day and when such are over, there shall always be something to think about
Dada Bhagwan|If worries begin, then realize that the task at hand is going to be disturbed and if worries do not occur, then know that the task will not be disturbed. Worries are obstacles to the work.
Charles Baudelaire|Well, the first thing is that I love monsters, I identify with monsters.
Naomi Judd|There are the horror fans that love the 'Evil Dead' because of the humor, but I'm sure it's not all of them. Not all horror fans love 'Evil Dead' because of the humor, at least not me.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Producing obituaries is a way of creating a legacy to remember important people of our times and their contributions. No matter whose obituary it is, I look for something inspirational about each person.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|If you didn’t fall down, you would never have learned how to pick yourself up.
Cassi Clark, Breastfeeding Is a Bitch: But We Lovingly Do It Anyway|I can absolutely assure you that birth is nothing like holding an ice cube in your hand for a minute and breathing through the "pain.
Bethany Dillon|The same sun that rises over castles and welcomes the daySpills over buildings into the streets where orphans playAnd only You can see the good in broken thingsYou took my heart of stone, and You made it homeAnd set this prisoner free
John C. Wright, Transhuman and Subhuman: Essays on Science Fiction and Awful Truth|Dreams rise in the darkness and catch fire from the mirage of moving light. What happens on the screen isn't quite real; it leaves open a vague cloudy space for the poor, for dreams and the dead. Hurry hurry, cram yourself full of dreams to carry you through the life that's waiting for you outside, when you leave here, to help you last a few days more in that nightmare of things and people. Among the dreams, choose the ones most likely to warm your soul.
Edgar Allan Poe, Ms. Found in a Bottle|A feeling, for which I have no name, has taken possession of my soul.
Laurell K. Hamilton|Patience is a virtue, but there comes a moment when you must stop being patient and take the day by the throat and shake it. If it fights back; fine. I'd rather end up bloody at the end of the day, then unhurt with no progress made, no knowledge gained. I'd rather have a no, then nothing. I'd forgotten that about myself.
Chris Crutcher, Stotan!|Every man has his folly, but the greatest folly of all, in my view, is not to have one.
Gertrudis Gómez de Avellaneda|The greatness of the enterprise does not always ensure success, but at least ensures glory.
Rand Paul|Even when we make mistakes, we hope others will love us in spite of our shortcomings - even if we don't deserve it.
Jim George|Remember to forget what lies behind, reach and press forward.
Pasi Ilmari Jääskeläinen, The Rabbit Back Literature Society|I would be happy to take credit for all of the wonderful experiences I describe in my novels, but my life isn’t quite that rich. Unfortunately we authors are sometimes forced to use other people’s lives, too.”“Sounds rather beastly,” the journalist laughed. “Or maybe writers are like vultures. Some people feel we journalists are.” He mimicked a bird of prey and grinned.
R.D. Ronald, The Zombie Room|The girl's face was the color of talcum. Her uncle's was a death mask, a bone structure overlaid by parchment. Shane's was granite, with a glistening line of sweat just below his hair line. He'd never forget this night, the detective knew, no matter what else happened for the rest of his life. They were all getting scars on their souls, the sort of scars people got in the Dark Ages, when they believed in devils and black magic. ("Speak To Me Of Death")
Rainer Maria Rilke|Life is made up of sobs, sniffles, and smiles, with sniffles predominating.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|Once again was it proved that the designs of Providence are impenetrable and that the sinner, climbing out of the pit of his filthiness, may feel himself touched by grace.
Hilari Bell, The Sword of Waters|All causes are good,' Yallin told her calmly. 'And those exact same causes are all bad, depending on which side a body's on. Regent Pettibone and his followers certainly thought your mother's cause was a bad one. To my mind, causes aren't about good or bad, in the end. They're about power. That's what makes them so dangerous.
Johan Huizinga, Homo Ludens: A Study of the Play-Element in Culture|If a serious statement is defined as one that may be made in terms of waking life, poetry will never rise to the level of seriousness. It lies beyond seriousness, on that more primitive and original level where the child, the animal, the savage, and the seer belong, in the region of dream, enchantment, ecstasy, laughter. To understand poetry we must be capable of donning the child's soul like a magic cloak and of forsaking man's wisdom for the child's.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|It's just accidental, just temporary. Until the next accident sends me somewhere new. That's how life works.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|To do otherwise with a 'prentice was to ask for a second, less playful bite. And who would be to blame for that? Who but the teacher? For was he not training her to bite? Training both of them to bite?
Staceyann Chin|When principles that run against your deepest convictions begin to win the day, then battle is your calling, and peace has become sin; you must, at the price of dearest peace, lay your convictions bare before friend and enemy, with all the fire of your faith.
Tove Jansson, The Summer Book|And all you can do is just read," she said. She raised her voice an screamed, "You just read and read and read!" Then she threw herself down on the table and wept.
Liz Phair|Israeli independence - what we Arabs call al-Naqba, 'The Catastrophe' - it created Palestinian identity more than anything else.
James Hannaham, Delicious Foods|A story might help you get through your life, he said, but it doesn't literally keep you alive -- if anything, most often people who have power turn their story into a brick wall keeping out somebody else's truth, so that they can continue the life they believe themselves to be leading, trying somehow to preserve the idea that they're good people in their small lives, despite their involvement, however indirect, with bigger evils.
Debasish Mridha|You are the song of my mind, melody of my soul, dance of my spirit, and the indescribable ecstasy of my life.
Gal Gadot|Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
Czesław Miłosz, The Separate Notebooks|The bright side of the planet moves toward darknessAnd the cities are falling asleep, each in its hour,And for me, now as then, it is too much.There is too much world.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|That is the strangeness of language: it crosses the boundaries of the body, is at once inside and outside, and it sometimes happens that we don't notice the threshold has been crossed.
John Eldredge|We forgive those who harmed us. And then, with an open heart, we simply as Jesus to heal us.
Shelley Ramsey, Grief: A Mama's Unwanted Journey|I began praying for the health and safety of my boys before each one was born. Once a week for two years prior to Joseph’s death, I also gathered with other moms to pray for my sons and their schools, and I specifically asked God to protect the health and safety of Joseph, Curt, and Wyatt. My prayers were not answered the way I had hoped. Despite countless prayers for Joseph to be safe, God said no. His plan remains a mystery. I have had to accept that mystery and trust Him in the dark.
Mary Ellen Flora, Meditation: Key to Spiritual Awakening|Meditation leads you to your spiritual information, and takes you on a journey of getting to know yourself and your creations.
Steven Pinker, The Language Instinct: How the Mind Creates Language|Many people just think they understand English, remember.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough..
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|34. Sexual contact between a boy and a girl is a progressive thing. In other words, the amount of touching and caressing and kissing that occurs in the early days tends to increase as they become more familiar and at ease with one another. Likewise, the amount of contact necessary to excite one another increases day by day, leading in many cases to an ultimate act of sin and its inevitable consequence. This progression must be consciously resisted by Christian young people who want to serve God and live by His standards. They can resist this trend by placing deliberate controls on the physical aspect of their relationship, right from the first date.
Jessica Shattuck, The Women in the Castle|In the future, Martin will recall this night as the first time -- and one of the only times -- he ever saw Germans crying in public, not at the news of a dead loved one or at the sight of their bombed home, and not in physical pain, but from spontaneous emotion. For this brief time, they were not hiding from one another, wearing their masks of cold and practical detachment. The music stirred the hardened sediment of their memory, chafed against layers of horror and shame, and offered a rare solace in their shared anger, grief and guilt.
O. Henry, Short Stories|To die is to be a counterfeit, for he is but the counterfeit of a man who hath not the life of a man; but to counterfeit dying when a man thereby liveth is to be no counterfeit, but the true and perfect image of life indeed.
Mehmet Murat ildan, William Shakespeare|I think this man is a bit crazy, but aren’t we all a little crazy anyway?
Stanley Kubrick|I think the big mistake in schools is trying to teach children anything, and by using fear as the basic motivation. Fear of getting failing grades, fear of not staying with your class, etc. Interest can produce learning on a scale compared to fear as a nuclear explosion to a firecracker.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Every one of us is losing something precious to us. Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back again. That’s what part of it means to be alive. But inside our heads — at least that’s where I imagine it — there’s a little room where we store those memories. A room like the stacks in this library. And to understand the workings of our own heart we have to keep on making new reference cards. We have to dust things off every once in a while, let fresh air in, change the water in the flower vases. In other words, you’ll live for ever in your own private library.
Erma Bombeck|Humor is a spontaneous, wonderful bit of an outburst that just comes. It's unbridled, its unplanned, it's full of suprises.
Paul A. Cohen, Discovering History in China: American Historical Writing on the Recent Chinese Past|Where the Depression years had aroused a deep sense of concern over how American wealth was distributed and American society structured, the successive crises of the 1960s and early 1970s, by highlighting the contradiction between the destructive capability of American technology and the moral opaqueness of those Americans who had ultimate control over its use, raised questions about the very course of “modern” historical development. After Vietnam, there could be no more easy assumptions about the goodness of American power, no more easy equating of being “modern” with being “civilized.
Dan Simmons, Drood|The beauty of that June day was almost staggering. After the wet spring, everything that could turn green had outdone itself in greenness and everything that could even dream of blooming or blossoming was in bloom and blossom. The sunlight was a benediction. The breezes were so caressingly soft and intimate on the skin as to be embarrassing.
Gene Wolfe|The castle? The monster? The man of learning? I only just thought of it. Surely you know that just as the momentous events of the past cast their shadows down the ages, so now, when the sun is drawing toward the dark,our own shadows race into the past to trouble mankind's dreams.
T.A. Cline, Archomai|Sometimes the heart speaks, and the brain does not understand the language.
Natasha Tsakos|Our thinking makes or breaks our life, we live as we think
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|Science Fiction is a safe, fertile arena in which to rehearse the potential scientific facts of tomorrow
Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics|If we do not objectify, and feel instinctively and permanently that words are not the things spoken about, then we could not speak abouth such meaningless subjects as the 'beginning' or the 'end' of time. But, if we are semantically disturbed and objectify, then, of course, since objects have a beginning and an end, so also would 'time' have a 'beggining' and an 'end'. In such pathological fancies the universe must have a 'beginning in time' and so must have been made., and all of our old anthropomorphic and objectified mythologies follow, including the older theories of entropy in physics. But, if 'time' is only a human form of representation and not an object, the universe has no 'beginning in time' and no 'end in time'; in other words, the universe is 'time'-less. The moment we realize, feel permanently, and utilize these realizations and feelings that words are not things, then only do we acquire the semantic freedom to use different forms of representation. We can fit better their structure to the facts at hand, become better adjusted to these facts which are not words, and so evaluate properly m.o (multi-ordinal) realities, which evaluation is important for sanity.
Anna Seghers, The Seventh Cross|What magic was this, brewed from equal parts of age-old memories and total oblivion. One could have believed that the last war these people had fought had left only happy memories, had carried in its wake nothing but joy and prosperity. Women and girls were smiling as if their sons and lovers were invulnerable.
K.M. Golland, Discovering Stella|Her arms slid around my back and I heard the softest moan in my ear as she snuggled into my chest. Her mouth pressed to my neck, not kissing, just…there. On me.Dammity-damn-damn-damn.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Never ask an elf for help; they might decide your better off dead, eh?
Andreas Harpas|Imagine if you could dream about your books, read them in your dreams and learn them. You will never need to study in your life again. Just sleep.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|I think, therefore I am... confused.
Chogyam Trungpa|The German birds didn't taste as good as their French cousins, nor did the frozen Dutch chickens we bought in the local supermarkets. The American poultry industry had made it possible to grow a fine-looking fryer in record time and sell it at a reasonable price, but no one mentioned that the result usually tasted like the stuffing inside of a teddy bear.
W. Somerset Maugham, Cakes and Ale|I began to meditate upon the writer's life. It is full of tribulation. First he must endure poverty and the world's indifference; then, having achieved a measure of success, he must submit to a good grace of its hazards...But he has one compensation, Whenever he has anything on his mind, whether it be a harassing reflection, grief at the death of a friend, unrequited love, wounded pride, anger at the treachery of someone to whom he has shown kindness, in short any emotion or any perplexing thought, he has only to put it down in black and white, using it as a theme of a story or the decoration of an essay, to forget all about it. He is the only free man.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|He took a step closer. "I don't know if I'll ever get you out of my system, not completely. I have this... feeling. That you'll always be there. Here." Conrad clawed at his heart and then dropped his hand.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Most of our brains are out, but it is good what they did for themselves by leaving this country. They are Cameroon’s reserve for development, for the day that this country shall be free. Your late father was an intelligent man. He was even more than that. He was a sage. He once said to me that the intelligent Bamilekés are those who have sought a better future for themselves and for their families in British Cameroons. He was right. They have not been brainwashed as much as their francophone brothers have. If he were alive today, I am sure he would have judged that the intelligent Cameroonians are those who have sought refuge out of Cameroon.
Katherine Owen, Seeing Julia|Here’s what I know: death abducts the dying, but grief steals from those left behind.
K. Valisumbra, Mortlake and Other Stories|Genetically we're just the third species of chimp, a physically weak but social animal. It was in our interests to communicate complex ideas so we could cooperate to hunt big, dangerous prey animals. I think as soon as humans developed language with grammar that allowed for abstract thought, we were set on a whole new evolutionary path, made by and for the spread of ideas instead of genes.
Joseph Conrad|Of all the inanimate objects, of all men's creations, books are the nearest to us for they contain our very thoughts, our ambitions, our indignations, our illusions, our fidelity to the truth, and our persistent leanings to error. But most of all they resemble us in their precious hold on life.
Wisdom Kwashie Mensah|The forms of manners which should be scrupulously observed are, invariably, those which contribute to the comfort, or dignity of others.
Louis L'Amour, How the West Was Won|The measure of a man consists less in his present perfection than in his willingness to be perfected. A man will be remembered most, not for his accomplishments, but for his character.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|You don't put your life into your books, you find it there.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|Seducing Jordana was solid – she's got such high standards – but when I finally got the snogs in it was all worth it." I transform Jordana's blather into high-level discourse: Lounging in a post-osculatory glow, I knew that all those months of hard chivalry had been worthwhile.
Diana Gabaldon, The Fiery Cross|I want you forever, not just for tonight.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|It’s important to have a vision of the long run and make wise decisions for our highest good in the present moment; however, we don’t want to become attached to how everything must look. When we show up in good faith, life provides. And when we trust, we are always in the flow of manifestation.
Christian D. Larson|When others seem to take advantage of you, do not retaliate by trying to take advantage of them. Use your power in improving yourself, so that you can do better and better work. That is how you are going to win in the race. Later on, those who tried to take advantage of you will be left in the rear. Remember, those who are dealing unjustly with you or with anybody are misusing their mind. They are therefore losing their power, and will, in the course of time, begin to lose ground; but if you, in the mean time, are turning the full power of your mind to good account, you will not only gain more power, but you will soon begin to gain ground. You will gain and continue to gain in the long run, while others who have been misusing their minds will lose mostly everything in the long run. That is how you are going to win, and win splendidly regardless of ill treatment or opposition.
Monika Basile, The Queen of Broken Things|When we take too long to forgive the people we love, we can sometimes be too damn late for it to matter.
G. Randolf|‎Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the difference between aradhana (worship) and bhajana (to be one with)? Aradhana (worship) means the attention will go over and over again there, and bhajana (oneness) means continuous engrossment. One is to do aradhana (worship) and bhajana (oneness) for only one’s own Self; everything else will carry on naturally.
RVM|You don't judge a tree by the name it Wears, you judge a tree by the fruit it Bears.
Ally Condie|My mother died of colon cancer one week after my eleventh birthday, and that fact has shaped my life. All that I have become and much that I have not become, I trace directly or indirectly to her death. ... In my professional and personal life, I have lived with the awareness of death's imminence for more than half a century, and labored in its constant presence for all but the first decade of that time.
Mary Balogh, The Proposal|It was quite a wedding and as I stood there watching I realized something I'd forgotten a long time ago. Sometimes in life there really are bonds formed that can never be broken. Sometimes you really can find that one person who will stand by you no matter what. Maybe you will find it in a spouse and celebrate it with your dream wedding. But there's also the chance that the one person you can count on for a lifetime, the one person who knows you sometimes better than you know yourself is the same person who's been standing beside you all along.
Queen Latifah|My parents were kind of over protective people. Me and my sister had to play in the backyard all the time. They bought us bikes for Christmas but wouldn't let us ride in the street, we had to ride in the backyard. Another Christmas, my dad got me a basketball hoop and put it in the middle of the lawn! You can't dribble on grass.
Anthony Eden|... if one hasn't been through, as our people mercifully did not go through, the horrors of an occupation by a foreign power, you have no right to pronounce upon what a country does, which has been through all that.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|This earth that we live on is full of stories in the same way that, for a fish, the ocean is full of ocean. Some people say when we are born we’re born into stories. I say we’re also born from stories.
Rick Yancey, The Monstrumologist|The doctor was a private man, engaged in a dark and dangerous business, and could ill afford the prying eyes and gossiping tongue of the servant class.
Sam Crescent, Bully No More|I’ve always had an ear for music so one day I sat at the piano and picked out some notes. I tried to improve, but without formal instruction, there was only so much I could learn. When I went off to school, I demanded my studies include piano lessons. By the time I was ten, I could play Mozart concertos.
Debi Mazar|My parents came from little, so they made a choice to give a lot: buying turkeys for homeless shelters at Thanksgiving, delivering meals to people in hospices, giving spare change to those asking for it.
Mary Doria Russell, Children of God|Breathe, Believe and Bounce Back
John Irving, In One Person|Now and then I am asked as to ‘what books a statesman should read,’ and my answer is, poetry and novels – including short stories under the head of novels.
J.R. Ward|Yo, cop. We're heading for Screamer's. You wanna come?" Butch looked up at the doorway. Vishous was in the hall with Rhage and Phury behind him. The vampires had expectant looks on their faces, like they honestly wanted to hang with him. Butch found himself grinning like the new kid who didn't have to sit alone at lunch after all.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|When people give me a compliment, I just look back and smile, as I am just a glimpse of both my father's. Both earthly and heavenly.
Erin McCarthy, True|Our relationship felt like a Christmas gift that you hadn’t asked for and weren’t expecting to receive, but the minute you saw it, you knew it was perfect for you.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home|At childhood’s end, the houses petered outinto playing fields, the factory, allotmentskept, like mistresses, by kneeling married men, the silent railway line, the hermit’s caravan, till you came at last to the edge of the woods. It was there that I first clapped eyes on the wolf. He stood in a clearing, reading his verse out loud in his wolfy drawl, a paperback in his hairy paw, red wine staining his bearded jaw. What big earshe had! What big eyes he had! What teeth!In the interval, I made quite sure he spotted me, sweet sixteen, never been, babe, waif, and bought me a drink, my first. You might ask why. Here’s why. Poetry.The wolf, I knew, would lead me deep into the woods,away from home, to a dark tangled thorny placelit by the eyes of owls. I crawled in his wake,my stockings ripped to shreds, scraps of red from my blazersnagged on twig and branch, murder clues. I lost both shoesbut got there, wolf’s lair, better beware. Lesson one that night, breath of the wolf in my ear, was the love poem.I clung till dawn to his thrashing fur, forwhat little girl doesn’t dearly love a wolf?Then I slid from between his heavy matted pawsand went in search of a living bird – white dove –which flew, straight, from my hands to his hope mouth.One bite, dead. How nice, breakfast in bed, he said,licking his chops. As soon as he slept, I crept to the backof the lair, where a whole wall was crimson, gold, aglow with books.Words, words were truly alive on the tongue, in the head,warm, beating, frantic, winged; music and blood.But then I was young – and it took ten years in the woods to tell that a mushroomstoppers the mouth of a buried corpse, that birdsare the uttered thought of trees, that a greying wolfhowls the same old song at the moon, year in, year out,season after season, same rhyme, same reason. I took an axeto a willow to see how it wept. I took an axe to a salmonto see how it leapt. I took an axe to the wolfas he slept, one chop, scrotum to throat, and saw the glistening, virgin white of my grandmother’s bones.I filled his old belly with stones. I stitched him up.Out of the forest I come with my flowers, singing, all 
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|It is a true saying, that what you fear you find.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, History of Woman Suffrage, Volumes I-III|The happiest people I have known have been those who gave themselves no concern about their own souls, but did their uttermost to mitigate the miseries of others.
Ymatruz, The Coffee Cries Foul|Listen to the arts of kids, their hands when tied have wings.
Rashida Jones|I don't talk about who I'm dating because when you break up, you wind up reliving it in the media.
Joe Hill, The Fireman|Writers were as parasitic, she supposed, as the spore itself.
William Hurt|I didn't become an actor to make money. And I didn't become an actor to be famous - though people always gasp if you say that, as if it's unfathomable that an actor doesn't want to be a star.
Kristen Bell|Love is the driver for all great stories: not just romantic love, but the love of parent for child, for family, for country.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|I think the oddest thing about the advanced people is that while they are always talking of things as problems, they have hardly any notion of what a real problem is. A real problem only occurs when there are admittedly disadvantages in all courses that can be pursued. If it is discovered just before a fashionable wedding that the Bishop is locked up in the coal-cellar, that is not a problem. It is obvious to anyone but an extreme anti-clerical or practical joker that the Bishop must be let out of the coal-cellar. But suppose the Bishop has been locked up in the wine-cellar, and from the obscure noises, sounds as of song and dance, etc., it is guessed that he has indiscreetly tested the vintages round him; then indeed we may properly say that there has arisen a problem; for upon the one hand, it is awkward to keep the wedding waiting, while, upon the other, any hasty opening of the door might mean an episcopal rush and scenes of the most unforeseen description.
Roman Payne|He was no god, just an artist; and when an artist is a man, he needs a woman to create like a god.
Manasa Rao|The same one who mistreated you will be the one needing you. So, don't hesitate to help. Because that will be the best positive revenge.
Paul Ekman, Unmasking the Face: A Guide to Recognizing Emotions from Facial Clues|To be angry is to yield to the influence of Satan. No one can make us angry. It is our choice. If we desire to have a proper spirit with us at all times, we must choose to refrain from becoming angry. I testify that such is possible.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|HOLDING ONTO HOPE MAY MAKE YOU TIRED BUT IF YOU LET GO OF HOPE, THE FALL CAN SPIRITUALLY KILL YOU! HOLD ON
Johan Huizinga|What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|These are all novels, all about people that never existed, the people that read them it makes them unhappy with their own lives. Makes them want to live in other ways they can never really be.
Robert Savage|We make a big mistake when we conclude that the law is the answer to bad behavior. In fact, the law alone stirs up more of such behavior. People get worse, not better, when you lay down the law. To be sure, the Spirit does use both God's law and God's gospel in our sanctification. But the law and the gospel do very different things.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|A homeland is not gotten as a gift; it is not acquired by privilege or political contracts, it is not bought with gold or held by force. No, it is made with the sweat of the brow; it is the historic creation and collective enterprise of the people, the fruit of its people’s labor bodily, spiritually, morally over the span of generations.
Kakali Bandyopadhyay|Don’t be afraid of exploring your capabilities, of seeking adventures, of searching for answers, of pushing the envelope, of finding gaps between the fences. Don’t, be afraid... Period. Life is too short to be a wuss.
S. Fitts|To the poor memories of drunks,' she said. 'To all the lovely nights forever lost.
Karen Gillan|If you want to create a great product, just focus on one person. Make that one person have the most amazing experience ever.
Roman Payne|Do we take less pride in the possession of our home because its walls were built by some unknown carpenter, its tapestries woven by some unknown weaver on a far Oriental shore, in some antique time? No. We show our home to our friends with the pride as if it were our home, which it is. Why then should we take less pride when reading a book written by some long-dead author? Is it not our book just as much, or even more so, than theirs? So the landowner says, ‘Look at my beautiful home! Isn’t it fine?’ And not, ‘Look at the home so-and-so has built.’ Thus we shouldn’t cry, ‘Look what so-and-so has written. What a genius so-and-so is!’ But rather, ‘Look at what I have read! Am I not a genius? Have I not invented these pages? The walls of this universe, did I not build? The souls of these characters, did I not weave?
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|..he had trampled her poor, pining heart, and the wound was still raw, even these many years later.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|Guilt can weigh you down; like being bound in lead chains in a deep murky lake, making you spend the rest of your life gasping for air.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Solitary writers come out of nowhere and do not belong anywhere. They are not domesticated or socialized, not as writers. Their subject is not the world about them but the one within them. From story to story or poem to poem, they repeat themselves because all they have to work with are themselves and their dreams, which are strange dreams and often bad dreams. As anyone knows, nothing is more troublesome to communicate than yourself and your dreams, the feelings and visions that have molded you into what you are.
Dada Bhagwan|In regards to maan (to seek importance from others), a man will become impudent if he keeps getting insulted up to a point. If he gets maan (importance from others) to a certain level, he grows stronger. And if he gets too much maan [praise], then his desire for it will come to end.
Kat Kaelin|The two of us sat back down in the swing and continued sitting side-by-side the first Day of June; moving to-and-fro in the swing on the front porch. A soothing summer breeze caught a ride on the south wind and blew across our faces. I enjoyed endless days and nights sitting, sighing, lying, walking, and talking alongside my best friend..." Lone Walk From Panther Creek
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|You pass people on the street, some are for you, some are not.
Sarvesh Jain|Love is just a mask. All we search is a Comfort, Acceptance. Consolation. Affirmation. Assurance. Indulgence. Isolation. Absolution and Remission.
Jim Finks|I don't gamble at all, all my life. I am only interested in sports.
Fulton J. Sheen|Go back to that night when Divine Light, in order to illumine the darkness of men, tabernacled Himself in the world He had made… The angels and a star caught up in the reflection of that Light, as a torch lighted by a torch, and passed it on to the watchers of sheep and the searchers of skies. And lo! As the shepherds watched their flocks about the hills of Bethlehem, they were shaken by the light of the angels And lo! As wise men from beyond the land of Media and Persia searched the heavens, the brilliance of a star, like a tabernacle lamp in the sanctuary of God’s creation, beckoned them on to the stable where the star seemed to lose its light in the unearthly brilliance of the Light of the Word.
Steve Maraboli|Just as our view of work affects our real experience of it, so too does our view of leisure. If our mindset conceives of free time, hobby time, or family time as non-productive, then we will, in fact, make it a waste of time.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Works Of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. Iii|Give me the storm and tempest of thought and action, rather than the dead calm of ignorance and faith! Banish me from Eden when you will; but first let me eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge!
Pat Robertson|Satellites record data in different parts of the light spectrum that we can't see. And it's that information that allows satellites to be so powerful in terms of looking at things like vegetation health, finding different kinds of geology that may indicate an oil deposit or some kind of mineralogical deposit that can be mined.
Mr. Robot|Is any of it real? I mean, look at this. Look at it! A world built on fantasy. Synthetic emotions in the form of pills. Psychological warfare in the form of advertising. Mind-altering chemicals in the form of … food! Brainwashing seminars in the form of media. Controlled isolated bubbles in the form of social networks. Real? You want to talk about reality? We haven’t lived in anything remotely close to it since the turn of the century. We turned it off, took out the batteries, snacked on a bag of GMOs while we tossed the remnants in the ever-expanding Dumpster of the human condition. We live in branded houses trademarked by corporations built on bipolar numbers jumping up and down on digital displays, hypnotizing us into the biggest slumber mankind has ever seen. You have dig pretty deep, kiddo, before finding anything real.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Her vision of the world under the water represented a beautiful stillness, a version of heaven. It was the lost city of Lena, her alternate universe, the life she yearned for but didn't get to have.
Dale Dauten|We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects.
Julian Barnes, Levels of Life|There is a grotesquerie to grief as well. You lose the sense of your existence being rational, or justifiable. You feel absurd.
Jordan Urtso|Read, so as to know; speak, so as to teach; write, so as to think!
Leonor Varela|If there is one place on the face of earth where all the dreams of living men have found a home from the very earliest days when man began the dream of existence, it is India.
K.M. Shea, The Wild Swans|If you dont' live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good.
Charlie Haden|With respect to Holy Communion, it is up to the communicant to decide whether they are in a state of grace and worthy to receive the Eucharist. Each one of us makes that decision.
Darrell Calkins|Whether or not one believes in the accelerating dangers of the climate crisis, the end of fossil fuels, or the permanent annihilation of species of plants, insects and animals that essentially cover our ass by maintaining an inconceivably complex environment in which we have the freedom and responsibility to do pretty much whatever we’d like, it’s not too difficult to at least perceive the dangers of heightened tensions between cultures that now, for the first time, have the power to annihilate each other or the entire planet.
Angela Carter, Nights at the Circus|And, conversely, she went on to herself, sneering at the Grand Duke's palace, poverty is wasted on the poor, who never know how to make the best of things, are only the rich without money, are just as useless at looking after themselves, can't handle their cash just like the rich can't, always squandering it on bright, pretty, useless things in just the same way.
Debasish Mridha|Intelligence does not always define wisdom, but adaptability to change does.
Joss Whedon|There's a time and place for everything, and I believe it’s called 'fan fiction'.
Scott Stabile|beneath the pain of your fears, wild and ready, lives your truth, the essence of your singular beauty, hoping, waiting for you to set it free.
Charles Bukowski, The Pleasures of the Damned|And then she would smile, to show me how, and it was the saddest smile I ever saw.
Mona Simpson, Anywhere But Here|[Everyone needs] a woman who'll listen, take your side, tell the truth - or not, as you need it. A woman you can count on, no matter what, and who'll love you no matter how much you screw up.
David Malouf, Ransom|Words are powerful. They too can be the agents of what is new, of what is conceivable and can be thought and let loose upon the world.
Taisha DeAza, Frail|The land will sink into the water, and then, the water will evaporate into the air, taking the sky with it. And all, but a tremor of what once was, will be gone." ~ Ichabod Everward, during the Fossil War.
Lois Greiman, Unplugged|Love makes the world go around, but so does a gallon of vodka and a box of Cuban cigars.
Karen Joy Fowler|What we have instead are false memories aroused later and more pertinent to this later perspective than to the original events. Sometimes in matters of great emotion, one representation, retaining all the original intensity, comes to replace another, which is then discarded and forgotten. The new representation is called a screen memory. A screen memory is a compromise between remembering something painful and defending yourself against that very remembering.
John F. Kennedy|Let us leave political questions to be decided by the powers concerned," Sir Ralph would say, "as we have adopted a form of government which forbids us to discuss our interests ourselves. If a nation is responsible for the faults of its legislature, what one can you find that is guiltier than yours?
OlgaGOA|Everyone thinks to the extent of their depravity.” #HenriettaLedyanova, #FatefulItalianPassion
Eugene H. Peterson, Eat This Book: A Conversation in the Art of Spiritual Reading|We are part of a holy community that for three thousand years and more has been formed inside and out by these words of God, words that have been heard, tasted, chewed, seen, walked. Reading Holy Scripture is totally physical. Our bodies are the means of providing our souls access to God in his revelation: eat this book. A friend reports to me that one of the early rabbis selected a different part of our bodies to make the same point; he insisted that the primary body part for taking in the Word of God is not the ears but the feet. You learn God, he said, not through your ears but through your feet: follow the Rabbi.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|When someone you loved was depending on your lie, it was perfectly easy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every men create some sound. Be a melody in this universe not a noise! If you become a melody, the whole universe will listen to you!
Jeffrey Fry|Choose something which is better and from which you can learn something, ... here I am going to give few examples.CSI:Miami - Good ChoiceDexter - Another Good CHoiceBreaking Bad - Another Good ChoicePerson Of Interest - Another Good Choice
Nora Roberts, Born in Fire|The tune was sad, as the best of Ireland was, melancholy and lovely as a lover's tears.
Kamand Kojouri|If you wait until you find something to speak up for, something that you’re passionate about that concerns you and attacks your own beliefs, then eventually, when the day finally arrives, you might also find that you have forgotten how to speak.
Earl B. Russell, Cold Turkey at Nine: The Memoir of a Problem Child|Jenny lacked any sense of property - she was constantly apologising to Yevgenia and asking for her permission to open the small upper window in order to let in her elderly tabby cat. Her main interests and worries centered around this cat and how to protect it from her neighbors... She fed her own rations to the cat, whom she called 'my dear, silver child' The cat adored her; he was a rough sullen beast, but would become suddenly animated and affectionate when he saw her.
Ritika Chhabra, A Dark Love|How can he call it all fun? Does all this. all this trauma and torture that he made me go through means nothing? What if he had to go through the same, what then? What if his legs would be itching right now from all the pain that they spent being dragged?
Cassandra Rose Clarke, The Assassin's Curse|Beautiful people, things are to easy for them. They don't know how to survive in this world. Somebody's ugly, or even plain, normal-looking, that means they got to work twice as hard for things. For anything. Just to get peple to listen to 'em, or take 'em serious. So yeah. I don't trust beautiful people.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Yep, that pretty much describes my life: because Poseidon.
Daniel Clowes, Ghost World|Making an effort can be equated to not doing anything at all. You don't make an effort to walk, you just walk. It's the same with winning. You don't make an effort to win, you just do it.
Jim Butcher, Changes|You need to know where to go,' Sanya said.'Yes,''And you are going to consult four large pizzas for guidance.''Yes,' I said....'There is, I think, humour here which does not translate well from English into sanity.''That's pretty rich coming from the agnostic Knight of the Cross with a holy Sword who takes his orders from an archangel.' I said.- Harry Dresden & Sanya, Changes, Jim Butcher
I Heard God Laughing: Poems of Hope and Joy|The trees are a thousand times taller than me, and hundreds of years older, and the rocks and leaves and plants and animals never do anything silly like kill each other or fall in love or grow up.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|But, Leader, she is wrong - "Maybe she is," Quill say and looks at Becca. Her heart pounds so hard she can barely hear him. "But you don't know that for sure, now do you, Banshee?
Michael Bassey Johnson|Let us find someone who will never break our heart, who will always be there for us, who will make us happy all the time, who will respect, love and cherish us in everything, and we can't go far in the search because such personality is within us, not in the world we are living now!
Richard Rayner, The Cloud Sketcher: A Novel|He saw a cross on a wall with another cross behind it, a shadow cross, the shadow of what God left behind when God was gone, the continued need for joy and beauty, a commitment to hope where there appeared to be none, and to grace in spite of everything.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|That’s part of what I like about the book in some ways. It portrays death truthfully. You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A daily practice of how you shall live in heaven, here on earth, is a good qualification plan to get to heaven
Richard C. Carrier, Sense and Goodness Without God: A Defense of Metaphysical Naturalism|Religious intolerance is an idea that found its earliest expression in the Old Testament, where the Hebrew tribe depicts itself waging a campaign of genocide on the Palestinian peoples to steal their land. They justified this heinous behavior on the grounds that people not chosen by their god were wicked and therefore did not deserve to live or keep their land. In effect, the wholesale slaughter of the Palestinian peoples, eradicating their race with the Jew's own Final Solution, was the direct result of a policy of religious superiority and divine right. Joshua 6-11 tells the sad tale, and one needs only read it and consider the point of view of the Palestinians who were simply defending their wives and children and the homes they had built and the fields they had labored for. The actions of the Hebrews can easily be compared with the American genocide of its native peoples - or even, ironically, the Nazi Holocaust. With the radical advent of Christianity, this self-righteous intolerance was borrowed from the Jews, and a new twist was added. The conversion of infidels by any means possible became the newfound calling card of religious fervor, and this new experiment in human culture spread like wildfire. By its very nature, how could it not have? Islam followed suit, conquering half the world in brutal warfare and, much like its Christian counterpart, it developed a new and convenient survival characteristic: the destruction of all images and practices attributed to other religions. Muslims destroyed millions of statues and paintings in India and Africa, and forced conversion under pain of death (or by more subtle tricks: like taxing only non-Muslims), while the Catholic Church busily burned books along with pagans, shattering statues and defacing or destroying pagan art - or converting it to Christian use. Laws against pagan practices and heretics were in full force throughrout Europe by the sixth century, and as long as those laws were in place it was impossible for anyone to refuse the tenets of Christianity and expect to keep their property or their life. Similar persecution and harassment continues in Islamic countries even to this day, officially and unofficially.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|It must appear to every one (...) a matter of the greatest surprise, to observe the universal prevalence of prejudice and custom in the minds of the Men. (...) If this haughty sex would have us believe they have a natural superiority over us, why do not they prove their charter from Nature, by making use of reason to subdue themselves. (...) But it will be impossible for us, without forfeiting that reason, ever to acknowledge ourselves inferior to creatures, who make no other use of the sense they boast of (...) led away captive by prejudice, and sacrifying justice, truth and honour, to inconsiderate custom
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|When things get tough, remember this mariner’s star. Bring to mind that everything external is designed as a challenge. A test sent to ensure you are actually worthy of acquiring your goal and reward. Recognise them as such and you will always find a way to go through, go round, or ignore them as required.
Patti Smith|Always believe you can change the world – even if it’s only a tiny bit, because every tiny bit needed someone who changed it.
Caryll Houselander, The Reed of God|I have flown and fallen, and I have swum deep and drowned, but there should be more to love than "I survived it.
Brian Eno|The Seinfeld motto: No learning, no hugging.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We will never know peace and stability in the world without balance. And we will never know balance without justice for all. Yet, justice exists only where there is fairness and equality -- when every man and country is treated and viewed equally. No country should be given power over another. In addition, no country should be granted privileges that are denied to others. No one country has the authority to decide which country will be embargoed, denied to protect itself, and will be favored based on the weight of their resources. Eliminate the hypocrisy.
Darnell Lamont Walker, Book of She|Whatever it may bring, I will live by my own policies, I will sleep with a clear conscience, I will sleep in peace.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|It follows from all this that there is no technique that can be discovered and applied to make it possible for one to write. If you go to a school where there are classes in writing, these classes should not be to teach you how to write, but to teach you the limits and possibilities of words and the respect due them. One thing that is always with the writer—no matter how long he has written or how good he is—is the continuing process of learning how to write. As soon as the writer "learns to write," as soon as he knows what he is going to find, and discovers a way to say what he knew all along, or worse still, a way to say nothing, he is finished. If a writer is any good, what he makes will have its source in a realm much larger than that which his conscious mind can encompass and will always be a greater surprise to him than it can ever be to his reader.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|It all goes back and back," Tyrion thought, "to our mothers and fathers and theirs before them. We are puppets dancing on the strings of those who came before us, and one day our own children will take up our strings and dance in our steads.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|It is this simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences—makes them, as the poets tell us, 'charm the crowd's ears more finely.' Educated men lay down broad general principles; uneducated men argue from common knowledge and draw obvious conclusions.
George L. Jackson, Soledad Brother: The Prison Letters of George Jackson|They cannot see that growth for the sake of growth is a cancerous madness, that Phoenix and Albuquerque will not be better cities to live in when their populations are doubled again and again. They would never understand that an economic system which can only expand or expire must be false to all that is human.
Kiana Tom|Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are the keys to stress management, which is perhaps the most important ingredient to living a happy, healthy and rewarding life.
India Knight, The Dirty Bits for Girls|Women’s imagination – unlike men’s, I would argue – does not always need the erotic equivalent of Semtex to ensure detonation.
Carrie Ryan, Daughter of Deep Silence|One other question. Would it be acceptable to destroy a universe in the name of a greater love?” The waiter laughs. “Are you God or just gay?" “Neither, but thank you for your answer.
Jodie Andrefski, The Girlfriend Request|He was so close his breath touched my cheek. Staring into his eyes, I could almost forget about the nightmare. I could almost forget about Mama. Like the woods back in Virginia, his eyes changed color with his mood—greener when he laughed and darker, like now, when he was angry or worried. They were kind, serious, intelligent eyes that crinkled in the corners when he smiled.
Lindsay  Hill, Sea of Hooks|Grief keeps coming back with the same things in its hands — you know this. You know that the hands of grief are memory. Again and again, grief holds the same few things.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Grandma frowned and yelled something in Russian. She could have been saying, 'Open up, your best friend is here.' On the other hand, it could have been, 'America is a great country because of canned ravioli.
Elizabeth Wein, The Pearl Thief|There is always the fantasy of maternal love, but it does not accommodate a mother's fear of her children.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Halt regarded him. He loved Horace like a younger brother. Even like a second son, after Will. He admired his skill with a sword and his courage in battle. But sometimes, just sometimes, he felt an overwhelming desire to ram the young warrior's head against a convenient tree."You have no sense of drama or symbolism, do you?" he asked."Huh?" replied Horace, not quite understanding. Halt looked around for a convenient tree. Luckily for Horace, there were none in sight.
Ann Edwards Cannon, The Loser's Guide to Life and Love|Tom Cruise isn't that big of a guy," my mom always says. I love how she tries to avoid using the word "short."Yeah," I tell her in return, "but he compensates by being Tom Cruise."Not that anyone really wants to BE Tom Cruise anymore now that he's a crazy couch jumper. But whatever.
Victoria Kahler, Luisa Across the Bay|It's not perfection that makes you beautiful, It's your imperfections
Jacqueline Fernandez|In my opinion, British women are more romantic than French ones.
Jamie Johnson|Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational.
Pietros Maneos|All that really matters isto feel alive, if only for a single moment –to feel in Intense Sensationthat our existence is not an endless repetitionof sleeping, eating, drinking, and dressing.
Criss Jami, Healology|Be willing to give, but only when you aren't expecting anything in return.
Dwight Gooden|If I've been dating someone for, say, five months, and she cheats on me, I don't think it would be worth it. I'm not committed enough to the situation to give her a second chance.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|Rain is disagreeable, but snow is as much part of the mountain as are sunshine and clear skies.
John McPhee, Assembling California|You might tell me that you have been engaging in some deep questioning and theological rethinking.1 You can no longer live with the faith you inherited from your parents or constructed earlier in your life. As you sort through your dogma and doctrine, you’ve found yourself praying less, less thrilled about worship, scripture, or church attendance. You’ve been so focused on sorting and purging your theological theories that you’ve lost track of the spiritual practices that sustain an actual relationship with God. You may even wonder if such a thing is possible for someone like you.
Joseph Bruchac|I have no regrets about not having children. I still wait for the pang of guilt, but I have none. I tune into the television show 'Nanny 911' occasionally which reminds me how much patience and love it take to be a good parent.
David W. Earle|Other people feel love when we listen without judging and accept them without demanding change. We all desperately require these basic needs. When we can do this for another, we are indeed that person’s angel.
Heidi Klum|Yes sir, I am a tortured man for all seasons, as they say, and I have powerful friends in high places. Birds sing where I walk, and children smile when they see me coming.
George Orwell, 1984|Like any organic entity, a system of consciousness manifests itself through the orderly, differentiated development of a certain unifying reality.
Ice-T, Ice: A Memoir of Gangster Life and Redemption-from South Central to Hollywood|Good artists exist simply in what they make, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in what they are.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|It can be difficult to speak truth to power. Circumstances, however, have made doing so increasingly necessary.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|They say cowardice is infectious; but then argument is, on the other hand, a great emboldener;
Bob Beauprez|You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|Stop running from me and listen. I do want you. I want you even knowing if I marry you, I’ve got an instant family, complete with a suicidal brother-in-law and a Gypsy houseboy with the temperament of a poked bear.” “Merripen is not a houseboy.” “Call him what you like. He comes with the Hathaways. I accept that.
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|Beautiful and alluring things of the world always fascinate us, and there is no way to have them unless we are beautiful.
C.J. Anderson, Ruinland|It’s a violent galaxy filled with cutthroat pirates, cyber-mercenaries and star messiahs. If peace comes, it will have to steal in like a thief.
Robert  Black|Morrie was in a wheelchair full-time now, getting used to helpers lifting him like a heavy sack from the chair to the bed and the bed to the chair.
Sacramento4Kids|I think that it's extraordinarily important that we in computer science keep fun in computing. When it started out, it was an awful lot of fun. Of course, the paying customers got shafted every now and then, and after a while we began to take their complaints seriously. We began to feel as if we really were responsible for the successful, error-free perfect use of these machines. I don't think we are. I think we're responsible for stretching them, setting them off in new directions, and keeping fun in the house. I hope the field of computer science never loses its sense of fun. Above all, I hope we don't become missionaries. Don't feel as if you're Bible salesmen. The world has too many of those already. What you know about computing other people will learn. Don't feel as if the key to successful computing is only in your hands. What's in your hands, I think and hope, is intelligence: the ability to see the machine as more than when you were first led up to it, that you can make it more.
Jay Woodman|In normal everyday usage, "I" embodies the primordial error, a misperception of who you are, an illusory sense of identity. This is the ego. The illusory sense of self is what Albert Einstein, who had deep insights not only into the reality of space an time, but also into human nature, referred to as "an optical illusion of consciousness.
Maureen Johnson, The Bermudez Triangle|Gods can screw anything and anybody. For reference, see history.Atticus O'Sullivan
G.N.Lewis|A mathematician may say anything he pleases, but a physicist must be at least partially sane.
Luis Fernando Verissimo, Borges and the Eternal Orangutans|Intellectual controversies tend to be like dog fights without the teeth, in which the barking not the biting does the damage.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|I ascended, I ascended, I dreamt, I thought,—but everything oppressed me. A sick one did I resemble, whom bad torture wearieth, and a worse dream reawakeneth out of his first sleep.—But there is something in me which I call courage: it hath hitherto slain for me every dejection. This courage at last bade me stand still and say: "Dwarf! Thou! Or I!"—For courage is the best slayer,—courage which attacketh: for in every attack there is sound of triumph.Man, however, is the most courageous animal: thereby hath he overcome every animal. With sound of triumph hath he overcome every pain; human pain, however, is the sorest pain.Courage slayeth also giddiness at abysses: and where doth man not stand at abysses! Is not seeing itself—seeing abysses?Courage is the best slayer: courage slayeth also fellow-suffering. Fellow-suffering, however, is the deepest abyss: as deeply as man looketh into life, so deeply also doth he look into suffering.Courage, however, is the best slayer, courage which attacketh: it slayeth even death itself; for it saith: "Was that life? Well! Once more!
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|[I]f you set out to mention everything you would never be done, and that's what counts, to be done, to have done. Oh, I know, even when you mention only a few of the things there are you do not get done either, I know, I know. But it's a change of muck. And if all muck is the same muck that doesn't matter, it's good to have a change of muck, to move from one heap to another, from time to time, fluttering you might say, like a butterfly, as if you were ephemeral.
Edward Furlong|You read a script and its based on 'Reservoir Dogs' and 'Pulp Fiction', and it goes right in the bin.
Kevin Hearne, Hexed|In his field, and with his means, Rilke carries out an operation that one could philosophically describe as the 'transformation of being into message' (more commonly, 'linguistic turn'). 'Being that can be be understood is language', Heidegger would later state - which conversely implies that language abandoned by being becomes mere chatter.
Christina Hendricks|Chick lit was amazing, and I was thrilled to be part of it.
Dominic Stansberry|I was just past forty, that age when you wake up in the morning and feel something thickening inside and only people too old to matter refer to you as a young man anymore. (The Last Days of Il Duce)
John Holt|The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts, but learning how to make facts live.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|In heart, mind, soul and spirit, we do not exist in a myriad of dissimilar forms. We are every possible form, which has existed and is yet to come. When we we enter a state of oneness, we get a sense of this, as our being. The "We" is transformed into an all-encompassing "I".
M.A. George, Relativity|I didn’t intend it to come out sarcastically, but I guess that’s just where my tone of voice automatically goes these days.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|This desire to govern a woman -- it lies very deep, and men and women must fight it together.... But I do love you surely in a better way then he does." He thought. "Yes -- really in a better way. I want you to have your own thoughts even when I hold you in my arms.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|In running over the pages of our history for seven hundred years, we shall scarcely find a single great event which has not promoted equality of condition. The Crusades and the English wars decimated the nobles and divided their possessions: the municipal corporations introduced democratic liberty into the bosom of feudal monarchy; the invention of fire-arms equalized the vassal and the noble on the field of battle; the art of printing opened the same resources to the minds of all classes; the post-office brought knowledge alike to the door of the cottage and to the gate of the palace; and Protestantism proclaimed that all men are alike able to find the road to heaven. The discovery of America opened a thousand new paths to fortune, and led obscure adventurers to wealth and power.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Passionately desired, graciously received.
Garrett McCoy|Sometimes it is the methods of learning, more so, than what is learned, that is useful!
Donald Hall|Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
John Bytheway|I try to keep in my mind the simple question: Am I trying to do good or make myself look good? Too many of our responsibilities get added to our plate when we are trying to please people, impress people, prove ourselves, acquire power, increase our prestige. All those motivations are about looking good more than doing good.
Alexander Freed, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story|Bye, Trace. Hope you and Andreja have a good day. Oh, I may be arrested for homicide soon. Please come visit me in prison.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|I used to take my morning tea at her kiosk and I took an interest in what she was doing. I later learnt she was taking care of her grandchildren. Sadly, she was taken ill and had to close her nylon-walled smoky shack. But all the wit and cunning of the character came from her.
John  Adams, The Portable John Adams|Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
Robert Frost|The loudspeaker on the wall crackles, hisses, and suddenly announces, in astonishingly soothing tones, that a train is going to be delayed. An ocean swell of sighs ripples through the waiting room.
Nora Roberts, Born in Fire|You go into the office and take a book or two from the shelves. You read a few lines, like your life depended on reading 'em right. But you know your life doesn't depend on anything that makes sense, and you wonder where in the hell you got the idea it did; and you begin to get sore.
Tom Clancy, Clear and Present Danger|Once we turn, it’s new pretty, middle pretty, late pretty.” Shay dropped her arms, and her board stopped drifting. “Then dead pretty.
Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story|Unjust social orders do no fall merely by appeals to the consciences of the oppressor, though such appeals may be an important element; history teaches us that they fall because a large enough number of people organize a movement powerful enough to push them down. Rarely do such revolutions emerge in a neat and morally pristine process.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have a dream no one else can see, a reward awaits you that no one else can have.
Chris Stewart, Ted Stewart|Even when I was young and content and thought life would bring good things for me and mine, I didn't believe in miracles.
Thich Nhat Hanh|The mind can go in a thousand directions, but on this beautiful path, I walk in peace. With each step, the wind blows. With each step, a flower blooms.
Rhoads Brazos, Cthulhusattva: Tales of the Black Gnosis|We are all like cells within the body of the Universe/ God—as are plants, animals, air, natural resources and everything down to a subatomic level.
Melody Carstairs|If it's not on the table, don't eat it off the floor.
Tommy Lee|My mother was so stylish, but she never pushed that on me. She always thought I looked cool.
Chad Hofmann|Anyone can do whatever they want in life, this is our world to play in.
David Levithan, Love Is the Higher Law|There's no way for them to take away my sadness, but they can make sure I am not empty of all the other feelings.
Maika Monroe|Practicing in the trial work trenches of the law, I saw, too, that when we judges don our robes, it doesn't make us any smarter, but it does serve as a reminder of what's expected of us: Impartiality and independence, collegiality and courage.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|It felt like being shot with an arrow, and Will jerked back. His wineglass crashed to the floor and shattered. He lurched to his feet, leaning both hands on the table. He was vaguely aware of stares, and the landlords anxious voice in his ear, but the pain was too great to think through, almost too great to breathe through. The tightness in his chest, the one he had thought of as one end of a cord tying him to Jem, had pulled so taut that it was strangling his heart. He stumbled away from his table, pushing through a knot of customers near the bar, and passed to the front door of the inn. All he could think of was air, getting air into his lungs to breathe. He pushed the doors open and half-tumbled out into the night. For a moment the pain in his chest eased, and he fell back against the wall of the inn. Rain was sheeting down, soaking his hair and clothes. He gasped, his heart stuttering with a misture of terror and desperation. Was this just the distance from Jem affecting him? He had never felt anything like this, even when Jem was at his worst, even when he'd been injured and Will had ached with sympathetic pain.The cord snapped.For a moment everything went white, the courtyard bleeching through as if with acid. Will jackknifed to his knees, vomiting up his supper into the mud. When the spasms had passed , he staggard to his feet and blindly away from the inn, as if trying to outpace his own pain. He fetched up against the wall of the stables, beside the horse trough. He dropped to his knees to plunge his hands into the icy water-and saw his own reflection. There was his face, as white as death, and his shirt, and a spreading stain of red across the front. With wet hands he siezed at his lapels and jerked the shirt open. In the dim light that spilled from the inn, he could see that his parabati rune, just over his heart, was bleeding. His hands were covered in blood, blood mixed with rain, the same ran that was washing the blood away from his chest, showing the rune as it began to fade from black to silver, changing all that had been sense in Will's life into nonsense.Jem was dead.
Annie Leibovitz|Today, no leader can afford to be indifferent to the challenge of engaging employees in the work of creating the future. Engagement may have been optional in the past, but it's pretty much the whole game today.
A.D. Posey|In love there is truth, and in truth there is peace.
Paul Cezanne|God does not die on the day when we cease to believe in a personal deity, but we die on the day when our lives cease to be illumined by the steady radiance, renewed daily, of a wonder, the source of which is beyond all reason.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|When we apply the lessons we've struggled for our whole lives to learn to the lives of people we love, our love becomes judgment—which is toxic. Our fear our daughters will fail leads us to fail them.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|...you couldn't ask a person to remain supportive through any crisis. If a man's wife were suddenly afflicted with a mental illness, it would be a sin for him to leave her, but a forgivable one. To stay would mean accepting a different kind of relationship, something not everyone was cut out for...'Division by Zero
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If a man WANTS to be with you, he will make his actions clear. There won’t be any questions, murkiness, cloudiness, or fear.
Jon Krakauer, Into Thin Air: A Personal Account of the Mount Everest Disaster|I've had to keep defining and defending myself as a writer every single day of my adult life -- constantly reminding and re-reminding my soul and the cosmos that I'm very serious about the business of creative living, and that I will never stop creating, no matter what the outcome, and no matter how deep my anxieties and insecurities may be.
Millard Drexler|Prediction is not just one of the things your brain does. It is the primary function of the neo-cortex, and the foundation of intelligence.
Brenda Miller|To make this world a whole lot brighter,when I grow up I'll be a writer.
Amélie Nothomb, Ni d'Ève ni d'Adam|Language is accurate: you run for your life. If you are dying, leave. If you are suffering, move. There is no other law, only movement.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|An Abel Muranda without his wife and children would be a wandering bachelor without any dignity. He would sleep in caves and feed on wild berries. But no matter how lonely life became, he would never come to a place like this
William George Jordan|There is a tonic strength, in the hour of sorrow and affliction, in escaping from the world and society and getting back to the simple duties and interests we have slighted and forgotten. Our world grows smaller, but it grows dearer and greater. Simple things have a new charm for us, and we suddenly realize that we have been renouncing all that is greatest and best, in our pursuit of some phantom.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|People may advice you, guide you and evaluate what you do, but bear in mind they can’t think for you. You don’t blame people for not thinking for you; blame yourself for depending on them to do what you must do.
Clay Shirky|Corporate executives need to re-frame their responsibilities to include the interests of all the stakeholders in society at large; not just shareholders, but also employees, the citizens of our communities, and those who care about the environment.
AronRa|We either base our 'confidence' on reason (evident probabilities, past experience, competence, etc) or﻿ we base our beliefs on faith, which is blind by definition. Faith is the most dishonest position it is possible to have, because it is an assertion of stoic conviction that is assumed without reason and defended against all reason. If you have to believe it on faith, you have no reason to believe it at all.
Christo|Now, I look at where I am now and I know what I wanna to do. What I would like to be able to do is to spend whatever time I have left and to give, and maybe some hope to others.
Michele Jennae|On the great canvas of timeWe all create our own masterpiece.Choreographing our steps across minutes and hoursDancing over the daysPainting pictures over months andWriting our stories on the years.Singing our songs that echo across eons.We are all a thread in the talent tapestry.A snapshot in the cosmic, collective collage.
Dr Robin Lincoln Wood, The Trouble with Paradise: A Humorous Enquiry Into the Puzzling Human Condition in the 21st Century|Driving in someone elses lane is easy, but remaining in your own seems to be the most challenging self discipline. No matter how big the highway, imagine yours is a singular road traveled in one direction - you're own.
|One of the biggest mistakes that you could make while pursuing your dream, is to not study the footsteps of those who are already successful in your field.
Bob Hope|They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead.
Frederick Douglass, My Bondage and My Freedom|Be faithful, be vigilant, be untiring in your efforts to break every yoke, and let the oppressed go free. Come what may - cost what it may - inscribe on the banner which you unfurl to the breeze, as your religious and political motto - "NO COMPROMISE WITH SLAVERY! NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Breathing well means breathing more slowly and deeply. Relax, feel your breathing, and breathe comfortably. Once aware, it naturally becomes deeper and slower.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|No, I am not powerful nor do I wish to be, for it is God using my weakness that makes me potent and I would never wish to surrender that.
Andrea Thalasinos, Traveling Light|To know who we are, we must first know we are LOVE.
Sita Brahmachari, Artichoke Hearts|Most people, by the time they get old, have grown tough little shells around their hearts. Babies, like little Laila, start off with tender, loving, trusting hearts, but gradually, gradually, they learn to protect themselves and, as the years go by, grow tougher and tougher layers. Look at this! The outside layers of the artichoke are so tough they aren’t even worth eating but they become more and more tender as you come closer to the heart. These tough outer layers stop you feeling so much, so people walk around with hard little hearts that no one can touch. Of course there are some people who don’t have a choice – they just never learn to protect themselves...now that can be both a blessing and a burden.
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|Most people just want to be left in peace to eat their bacon, not realising that there is no peace behind bacon.
Debasish Mridha|It is very easy to know someone, but it takes a lifetime to forget them.
Suzanne Alyssa Andrew, Circle of Stones|There is no adventure without risk, and no exhilaration like adventure.
Minton Sparks|Thus the man who is responsive to artistic stimuli reacts to the reality of dreams as does the philosopher to the reality of existence; he observes closely, and he enjoys his observation: for it is out of these images that he interprets life, out of these processes that he trains himself for life.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Hope and faith underlie a promise,and love energizes men to realize it.
Mark Hewer|Moments come & go, but special moments last a lifetime. Make them count!
Shirley MacLaine|As communicators and marketers, people are so accustomed to thinking from the 'top down.' Finding the great analyst or the famous journalist who will endorse what you do and tell the rest of the world to go and buy your product.
Osho Samuel Adetunji|Manifest of souls;Adventurous soul,Enthusiastic soul, Sound soul,Happy soul,Great soul.
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|We try so hard to instruct our children in all the right things―teaching good from bad, explaining choices and consequences―when in reality most lessons are learned through observation and experience. Perhaps we'd be better off training our youth to be highly observant.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|If you thought with your minds and not your roosters, you would get the point!
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|We make so many of our own troubles, from mere mishaps to disasters, by dwelling on the possibility of them until the possible becomes inevitable.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|Happiness is just another of the tricks that our genetic system plays on us to carry out its only role, which is the survival of the species.
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|You were the sun, and I was crashing into you
Mary Lease|Capitalism—trade and industry controlled by people instead of a state—is a fine notion. Sadly, it has devolved into a culture in which tradesmen and industrialists lie, cheat, and sacrifice themselves and others for money to buy stuff that doesn’t work, doesn’t last, and doesn’t matter. And after they’re dead, their lives haven’t mattered. Even if they built a city, others will tear it down one day to build a park. Successful capitalists invest themselves in the lives of others.
C.V. Dreesman|We must also teach science not as the bare body of fact, but more as human endeavor in its historic context—in the context of the effects of scientific thought on every kind of thought. We must teach it as an intellectual pursuit rather than as a body of tricks.
Nikki Rowe|If he pursues women infront of you, you are worth more than him. If you pursue a man, because of tactless spite, he is worth more than you. We're all entitled to live to the truths in our hearts, some won't understand it & that's ok, but it's never & I mean NEVER ok to intentionally go out of your way to make another's journey harder because of the perception they've had on your own.
A dangerous Method, 2011 (Movie)|It seems to me a measure of the true perversity of the human race, that one of its very few reliably pleasurable activities should be the subject of so much hysteria and repression.
E'yen A. Gardner, Love Letters|Do not let other people invade your personality. Remember that every human being is a unique phenomenon, and worth developing. You will meet many who have no resources of their own, and who will try to fasten themselves upon you. You will find others eager to tell you what to do and think and be. But it is better to go apart and learn to be yourself.
|There is absolutely no difference between a dreamer and a non-dreamer, if the dreamer's dream is not accompanied with faith, courage, perseverance, patience, and consistent actions. Every dream needs some consistent actions in order to give birth to success.
Kathy Hepinstall, Blue Asylum|While the train flashed through never-ending miles of ripe wheat, by country towns and bright-flowered pastures and oak groves wilting in the sun, we sat in the observation car, where the woodwork was hot to the touch and red dust lay deep over everything. The dust and heat, the burning wind, reminded us of many things. We were talking about what it is like to spend one’s childhood in little towns like these, buried in wheat and corn, under stimulating extremes of climate: burning summers when the world lies green and billowy beneath a brilliant sky, when one is fairly stifled in vegetation, in the color and smell of strong weeds and heavy harvests; blustery winters with little snow, when the whole country is stripped bare and gray as sheet-iron. We agreed that no one who had not grown up in a little prairie town could know anything about it. It was a kind of freemasonry, we said.
Edouard Séguin|What would you rather be, Jackie? Angry mad or crazy mad? I think I'd rather be crazy mad, because you can be crazy and still happy.
Julia de Burgos, Song of the Simple Truth: The Complete Poems of Julia de Burgos|Yo, múltiple, como en contradicción
Charles Spurgeon|Our strength as a nation comes in our unity. We are the United States of America, not the divided states. And those who want to divide us are trying to divide us, and we shouldn't let them do it.
Jason Day|I didn't know how to show my self love, and I didn't want anyone else to hurt me. So my tough girl attitude was like, 'I'm not having it.'
Robin Alexander, The Trip|Let’s get to our site,” Anne said. “I’m gonna need a nap before the hunt…and lunch.” “Do you wish you would’ve gotten that rental car this morning?” Jill whispered as Anne and Ella settled into their seats. Shay nodded. “Uh-huh.” Jill had seen many campgrounds, but her jaw sagged, and her foot slipped off the gas pedal twice. Sally rolled on slowly as she stared at the cadre of camouflaged vehicles and tents. One man sat atop his RV in a lawn chair, his binoculars trained on the woods beyond. “They really do take this seriously,” Shay whispered in awe. “This is like a militaristic zone.” Jill backed into a slip covered with a quilt of netting and camouflage tarps strung from the trees high overhead. “What is the reason for all of this?” she asked. “The campground is designed to blend in with nature to be more welcoming to the Bigfoot,” Anne explained. “That’s what they told us when we checked in.” “Oh, is that it? Well, let me just craft a banner that says, ‘We come in peace or bite-sized pieces,”’ Jill said with a sardonic laugh.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|Men do recognise at last that a supernatural Religion involves an absolute authority, and that Private Judgment in matters of faith is nothing else than the beginning of disintegration.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|When both sides of a controversy revel in the defeat and humiliation of the other side, in fact they are on the same side: the side of war.
T.F. Hodge|I have learned to accept that, in the present moment at least, things are exactly as they are meant to be, and although I cannot control the future any more than I could control the wind and the weather, I can manage it and influence it in a positive way.
C.G. Jung|At some point, when we have been blessed with profoundly moving, touching and special moments, it is important to stop questioning and to begin accepting the gift of the experience. Such moments add only richness and great joy to this journey called life.
Nikki Sixx|But recently I began to feel that maybe I wouldn't be able to do what I want to do and need to do with American musicians, who are imprisoned behind these bars; music's got these bars and measures you know.
Micheal Rivers, Moonlight on the Nantahala|Sharing the same passionate love with another person, gives a feeling of being alive! The experience of something real, is unforgettable.
Letters of St. Herman of Alaska|A true Christian is made by faith and love toward Christ. Our sins do not in the least hinder our Christianity, according to the word of the Savior Himself. He deigned to say: not the righteous have I come to call, but sinners to salvation; there is more joy in heaven over one who repents than over ninety righteous ones. Likewise concerning the sinful woman who touched His feet, He deigned to say to the Pharisee Simon: to one who has love, a great debt is forgiven, but from one who has no love, even a small debt will be demanded. From these judgments a Christian should bring himself to hope and joy, and not in the least accept an inflicted despair. Here one needs the shield of faith.
Michelle Yeoh|I was struck by Suu Kyi's warmth and generosity. No matter how petite she looks, she exudes amazing strength. More than anything else, I felt like I already knew her, like she was an old friend, because I'd been watching her so intently, and she was exactly what I had figured she would be.
Kory Stamper|ALL words are made-up: Do you think we find them fully formed on the ocean floor, or mine from them in some remote part of Wales?
Auliq Ice|The leaderly response to personal irritation is to relax and open up not push, run, or close down.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|If you want to get anywhere in religion, you got to keep it sweet.
Lemony Snicket, The Austere Academy|A father is a reality-concealing machine, a machine for dishing up lies to kids, and that isn't even the worst of it: secretly he believes that he represents reality.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever turns to God, shall receive mercy.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Don't be too busy climbing the ladder of success and forget your most cherished relationships (friends, family, spouse, etc). EnjoyLife!
Oliver Harper, TIME: A Traveler's Companion: Strategies To A Meaningful Life|Motion is life and life is motion, and a breakthrough is a catapult move that sets goals in motion.
James E. Faust|Sometimes we carry unhappy feelings about past hurts too long. We spend too much energy dwelling on things that have passed and cannot be changed. We struggle to close the door and let go of the hurt. If, after time, we can forgive whatever may have caused the hurt, we will tap 'into a life-giving source of comfort' through the Atonement, and the 'sweet peace' of forgiveness will be ours ("My Journey to Forgiving," Ensign, Feb. 1997. 43). Some injuries are so hurtful and deep that healing comes only with help from a higher power and hope for perfect justice and restitution in the next life. . . . You can tap into that higher power and receive precious comfort and sweet peace.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 1|Asleep? That's what she is right now?” Pure menace laced his words. “And when you decide to answer that question, Kane, be sure that you answer this with great care. I for one see you as my friend. We've never had problems. But now you've met my Melody, and problems cannot be avoided. So when I ask you, is she asleep, be sure that you give me a clear answer, because different ones will result in your death and the slashing away of every fucking person you know.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|Trippers and askers surround me,People I meet, the effect upon me of my early life or the ward andcity I live in, or the nation,The latest dates, discoveries, inventions, societies, authors oldand new,My dinner, dress, associates, looks, compliments, dues,The real or fancied indifference of some man or woman I love,The sickness of one of my folks or of myself, or ill-doing or lossor lack of money, or depressions or exaltations,Battles, the horrors of fratricidal war, the fever of doubtful news,the fitful events;These come to me days and nights and go from me again,But they are not the Me myself.Apart from the pulling and hauling stands what I am,Stands amused, complacent, compassionating, idle, unitary,Looks down, is erect, or bends an arm on an impalpable certain rest,Looking with side-curved head curious what will come next,Both in and out of the game and watching and wondering at it.Backward I see in my own days where I sweated through fog withlinguists and contenders,I have no mockings or arguments, I witness and wait. 
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|How you refill. Lying there. Something like happiness, just like water, pure and clear pouring in. So good you don’t even welcome it, it runs through you in a bright stream, as if it has been there all along.
David Baird, Fiesta of Happiness: Be True to Yourself|I am sorry my decisions do not meet with your approval, but nevertheless, they are mine, and the consequences are also mine.
Shannon L. Alder|God doesn’t give us pain to make us strong. He gives us strength to look inside ourselves and realize we are not innocent victims. When you learn humility, you are no longer a victim because a humble man is not self-absorbed. He seeks to understand why people are hurting him and takes responsibility for his part in their grief. Humility doesn’t dwell with anger or pride, and neither does God.
Elif Shafak|But it's not enough. I don't look human. If I went outside, people would scream at the sight of me. Looks matter to most people. That's reality in the world.""Not my world."I petted Pilot. "I like your world, Will, but it doesn't have a very big population. I'm going to let her go.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|Life' wrote a friend of mine, 'is a public performance on the violin, in which you must learn the instrument as you go along.
Phillip Connors|The writer Richard Manning has argued that 'the most destructive force in the American West is its commanding views, because they foster the illusion that we command.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Austerity, if I were to define, I'll say, It's YOU.
Nikki Sex, Amy's Gangbang Love Story|It was an obsession, it was a compulsion. "The way to banish temptation is to give into it," the saying went. Maybe if she experienced a gangbang, it wouldn't be such a big deal, and would no longer be the focus of her sexual imagination.
Jewel, Never Broken: Songs Are Only Half the Story|Being idolized and being torn down felt oddly similar. They both made me feel alone.Friendship and trust should be earned, and when you're famous, people seem to want to give them to you whether you've earned them or not, and it felt dishonest to me. Fame was not real. It was all a projection—fame made me a blank canvas that people projected their love, lust, troubles, self-worth, and desire upon. Fame and power do not change us, they amplify us.
B.F. Skinner|I would have been glad to agree to let them all proceed henceforth in complete ignorance of psychology, if they would forget my opinion of chocolate sodas or the story of the amusing episode on a Spanish streetcar.
Peter May|he tried to prepare himself for disappointment, even as he yearned to be proven wrong
Tanmaya Guru|I want to get away from people, I want to kill myself.
David Eaglemann|We know ourselves very little. We are not at the center of ourselves, but instead like the Earth in the Milky Way, and the Milky Way in the universe; far out on a distant edge, hearing a little of what is transpiring.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|Encourage literally came from "in courage." The courage is put "into" you from outside. Our character and abilities grow through internalizing from others what we do not possess in ourselves.
Wolfgang Goerlich|As we've come to realize, the idea that security starts and ends with the purchase of a prepackaged firewall is simply misguided
Félix d'Herelle|Only he whose bright lyrehas sounded in shadowsmay, looking onward, restorehis infinite praise. Only he who has eatenpoppies with the deadwill not lose ever againthe gentlest chord.Though the image upon the pooloften grows dim:Know and be still.Inside the Double Worldall voices becomeeternally mild.
Helen M. Ryan, 21 Days to Change Your Body|It never occurred to me that somehow women did know about it. It just never occurred to me. Yes I am wearing sneakers too. You are in a suit, I am comfortable. So when she explained to me that this was the first event really of its kind, it floored me. So I called my daughter who is in her 30s now and I said “do you know what endometriosis is?” She said, “what? Have to pack the pack the busters.”I said “no man, you have never heard of it?” No she said. I do not know what it is, and it occurred to me that my 30-year-old daughter who I told about endometriosis and it didn’t stick. If she didn’t know, and she is one of the hippest people I know, and her daughter doesn’t know, she has 19-year-old and she is a 13-year-old. The boy, we don’t care much about if he knows about it so much. There is other stuff for him to learn. Like how to roll a condom, things like that.You know, and it occurred to me that if they didn’t know that there were hundreds of thousands girls out there that don’t know. It is not because their mothers don’t want to tell them, because it’s not religion, it’s pure ignorance. We don’t know, we don’t have the information, we have it now, and so now is why this very first gathering is happening. Now is why we’re all sitting here looking really fabulous as you are...[Whoopi Goldberg on endometriosis awareness from the 2009 Blossom Ball]
Adrienne Rich, Blood, Bread, and Poetry: Selected Prose, 1979-1985|Theory-the seeing of patterns, showing the forest as well as the trees
David Cronenberg, Consumed|The whole point of my gender transition was to free myself up. If something feels good, I'm not going to stop doing it because it doesn't fit someone else's notion of what a man is. -David Harrison
Scott   Alexander, Unsong|Agape is the concrete commitment to the flourishing of someone or something outside of oneself. Even and perhaps especially when that flourishing, hence the joy, is threatened.
Jincy Willett|If something was worth writing down, it was worth writing down in full. And she had a horror of lists--grocery lists, Christmas card lists, and most grisly of all, to-do lists. Lists, like appointment books, were nails driven into the future. She knew this was an odd objection to be raised by a person whose daily life was utterly predictable, who never threw caution, or anything else, to the winds, who never packed light, because she never packed at all. Still, the future was a sleeping monster, not to be poked.
Ole H.|Society does not judge those it admires, they are deified. Yet it so eagerly burn those it fails to understand
Temple Grandin|To me luxury is to be at home with my daughter, and the occasional massage doesn't hurt.
Henry James|She stopped shrieking after a moment. It wasn't the crazy looks she drew from the other pedestrians that made her stop. And her damaged sanity hadn't managed to repair itself. She'd left something behind in that apartment. Something she'd always taken for granted. Faith in a rational world. It was like a tiny cog had been removed from her brain, and all the gears were still working, but a slight wobble was slowly and inevitably stripping the teeth until one day, without warning the Rube Goldberg device that was her mind would fall apart with a loud SPROING.
Marian Wright Edelman|If the justification for controlling women's bodies were about women themselves, then it would be understandable. If, for example, the reason was 'women should not wear short skirts because they can get cancer if they do.' Instead the reason is not about women, but about men. Women must be 'covered up' to protect men. I find this deeply dehumanizing because it reduces women to mere props used to manage the appetites of men.
Paul Larsen|Women work a good many miracles and I have a persuasion that they may preform even that of raising the standard of manhood by refusing to echo such sayings. Let the boys be boys the longer the better and let the young men sew their wild oats if they must, but mothers, sisters and friends may help to make the crop a small one and keep many tares from spoiling the harvest by believing and showing that they believe in the possibility of loyalty to the virtues which make men manliest in good women's eyes.
Daniel Friday Danzor|Just because you took longer than others, doesn’t mean you failed.
Booker T. Washington|I realized that everything I had to do I could not do on my own, and so I was almost obliged to put myself in God's hands, to trust in Jesus who - while I wrote my book on him - I felt bound to by an old and more profound friendship.
O.Z "Osama Alzoubi"|Every choice in life sets us on a different path and carries its own set of “what ifs” and consequences that we could worry about, but what’s the use? Rather than plaguing our thoughts with the unknown, we should focus on and accept only what we do know – and all we know is the path we’re currently on.
Kim Stanley Robinson, The Lucky Strike|A thug. In peacetime Fitch would be hanging around a pool table giving the cops trouble. He was perfect for war. Tibbets had chosen his men well - most of them, anyway. Moving back past Haddock January stopped to stare at the group of men in the navigation cabin. They joked, drank coffee. They were all a bit like Fitch: young toughs, capable and thoughtless. They're having a good time, an adventure. That was January's dominant impression of his companions in the 509th; despite all the bitching and the occasional moments of overmastering fear, they were having a good time. His mind spun forward and he saw what these young men would grow up to be like as clearly as if they stood before him in businessmen's suits, prosperous and balding. They would be tough and capable and thoughtless, and as the years passed and the great war receded in time they would look back on it with ever-increasing nostalgia, for they would be the survivors and not the dead. Every year of this war would feel like ten in their memories, so that the war would always remain the central experience of their lives - a time when history lay palpable in their hands, when each of their daily acts affected it, when moral issues were simple, and others told them what to do - so that as more years passed and the survivors aged, bodies falling apart, lives in one rut or another, they would unconsciously push harder and harder to thrust the world into war again, thinking somewhere inside themselves that if they could only return to world war then they would magically be again as they were in the last one - young, and free, and happy. And by that time they would hold the positions of power, they would be capable of doing it.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Working on your dream whenever it is convenient for you will not work. When you dare to dream, you should also dare to do.
FEDOROV N.F|The most visible and often tragic sacrifice of proletarian socialism - not to mention internationalism - on the altar of nationalism, of course, has been by the states that proclaim themselves to be, or to aspire to become, socialist.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Don't you think 'Mark is kind of a weird name for a Shadowhunter?" Julian was saying as Emma approached. "I mean, if you really think about it. It's confusing. 'Put a Mark on me, Mark.
Jimmy Connors|I get very nervous whenever I think about it. I've never done a serious play, and I have such awe of the woman - she's really my only idol. It's going to be a big stretch - certain people come out on stage and your face muscles automatically tense and you get ready to smile.
Elizabeth    Newton, Moon Man|If you've ever been hungry, you can never be full.
Kate Hudson|I could never understand, when I watch romantic comedies, the notion that for some reason, unattractive or heavy people don't fall in love. If they do, it's in some odd, kooky, roundabout way - and it's not. It's exactly the same.
Andy Stanley, Fields Of Gold|If you see your brother in need, it doesn't matter if you already gave somewhere else. You should be open to the idea of God using you to meet your brother's unexpected need.
Betty White|I think people feel threatened by homosexuality. The problem isn't about gay people, the problem is about the attitude towards gay people. People think that all gays are Hannibal Lecters. But gay people are sons and daughters, politicians and doctors, American heroes and daughters of American heroes.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|The salvation of the species, lies in knowing the Self – it lies in contributing to the wellbeing of the Selves of others.
Tom Rob Smith, Child 44|It isn't a secret, unless keeping it hurts.
Barbara Kingsolver, Flight Behavior|The realization of what would happen next settled gradually over Harry in the long minutes, like softly falling snow."I've got to go back, haven't I?""That is up to you.""I've got a choice?""Oh yes." Dumbledore smiled at him. "We are in King's Cross, you say? I think that if you decided not to go back, you would be able to…let's say…board a train.""And where would it take me?""On," said Dumbledore simply.
Greg Berlanti|A romantic is someone who believes that something is valuable even if it doesn't last. And a non-romantic is someone who says that if something doesn't endure, or can't be logically proved and pinned down, it's worthless.
Heber J. Grant, Gospel Standards|conscience is the window of our spirit, evil is the curtain
Colm Toibin|I don't think so much about verbal comedy. I always think about visual comedy. I was raised watching silents, and I'm always thinking about how to make cinema, not good talking - although I want good talking. I'm much more interested in framing, composition, and orchestration of bodies in space, and so forth.
Sophie Hardcastle, Breathing Under Water|Life is like an ocean, jump right in.
Ramani Durvasula, You Are WHY You Eat: Change Your Food Attitude, Change Your Life|Too often we think sharing our weaknesses will cause us to lose respect. We think making our weaknesses know will cause us to lose the honour to be able to proclaim the Word of God in our congregations or our businesses. I know longer believe that is true. Not today, in our post modern culture. What I do believe is the more you tell the truth about yourself – appropriately, winsomely, age-appropriately, within a context – the more effective your leadership will become, the more you will develop a true leading character. The more you tell of your own failure of character, the more God will use that for His purposes.
A.G. Howard, Splintered|If you think that I am mad now, then take away my books, and you'll find I've completely gone insane!
John Sayles|So you can say whatever you want and quote me however you want about politics and make the next payday, and that's fine because I'm making that deal with you, but just mention the movie along the way, OK?
Sharon Kay Penman, Devil's Brood|When does he ever think?" Richard straddled a chair and accepted a wind cup from Raoul. "If he were to sell his brain, he could claim it had never been used.", Chapter 7
Compton Gage|If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.
Bodhidharma|An infinity with God has always been a circle, not a straight line past all your mistakes.
Lucian Bane, Dom Wars: Round Four|The big trinity of publishing: mystery, thrillers and romance. If you can combine all three, then it’s a winner’s trifecta and you’ll be rich beyond your dreams.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Had a cold hummus with pita bread, Under a delicious food, yellow or red. Might just have the appetite to cook Urgent dinner by hook or crook.So that's just a humus humor spread.
RaeBeth McGee-Buda, The Miracle|First and foremost, I am me. I'm real. I don't write to impress. I write to express.
