Friedrich Max Müller, India: What it Can Teach Us|Why should anyone, in the name of caste, be considered lowly or be made to do a mean job?. If all in the country are given education, can there exist a caste for doing mean work? It is not because of lack of education that those people are constrained to do contemptible work and are considered lowly?
Sarah Arthur, Dating Mr. Darcy|Had she any respect for him at all, his words would've affected her. But no value accompanies comments spewed from the mouth of a brute.
Ian McEwan, Nutshell|Some days I am more wolf than woman, and I am still learning how to stop apologizing for my wild.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, Islanders And, The Fisher Of Men|Cruel', O'Kelly laughed, 'it's cruel to tell children the truth. If anything convinces me of God's mercy, then it's his gift of making us unable to lie.
Ellen Schreiber, The Coffin Club|Aunt Libby: "I think I'm getting married! I've been dying to tell you."Raven: "You are? Congrats! Dad didn't mention..."Aunt Libby: "Well, okay, it's not official or anything. In fact, we haven't officially gone out yet. I just met him last night.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|There exists a direct link, or harmony, between the past, the present and the future. This has been misinterpreted, or exaggerated in both directions, either by the assumption that everything is random, or that there is already a predetermined destiny. There is an actual link, and there is a lot of mystery or room to play and invent.
Roddy Doyle|A woman of faith is fearless. There is no ambiguity, no uncertain trump in her life. She can live a principled life because she studies the doctrine and teachings of a perfect teacher, the Master. She is a noble example to all who know her.
August Wilson, Fences|It's a wild ride, this parenthood thing. Hardest thing I've done in my life and by far the best.
Annie Proulx|Quoyle experienced moments in all colors, uttered brilliancies, paid attention to the rich sound of waves counting stones, he laughed and wept, noticed sunsets, heard music in rain, said I do.
Rudyard Kipling, Puck of Pook's Hill|Fritz was melancholic by nature, and could tolerate his own gloom. I do not think this is so with you, who are sanguine and impatient. In your case, remorse and despondency could be crippling.
Dylan Evans, A brief introduction to emotions|The neuroscientist Joseph LeDoux has shown that the same neural mechanisms mediate the fear response in all sorts of animals, from pigeons and rats to cats and humans. The idea that other animals experience similar emotions to us is not anthropomorphism: it is based on sound scientific evidence.
Angela Carter|For it is a true fact that faeries, just like people, very often find that a full belly and a good friend are all that they need to be happy.
Thich Nhat Hanh|You don’t have to wait until you get to the top of a mountain, to enjoy the view.
Debasish Mridha|When you become the light, there will be no darkness.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Never did anybody look so sad. Bitter and black, halfway down, in the darkness, in the shaft which ran from the sunlight to the depths, perhaps a tear formed; a tear fell; the waves swayed this way and that, received it, and were at rest. Never did anybody look so sad.
Sunday Adelaja|Religious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansThe Religion Of The Blue CircleAll my talents are already given to our worldbecause God gave me all the talents of the world.November 16, 2016
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are confident, you have the courage for existence.
Miranda Neville, The Amorous Education of Celia Seaton|My darling love, I think you have a fundamental misconception about what it means to be a great dandy. I have better taste than anyone else so I don't care what anyone else thinks about anything. I am right and they are wrong.
Rachel Friedman, The Good Girl's Guide to Getting Lost: A Memoir of Three Continents, Two Friends, and One Unexpected Adventure|Before, some places just seemed too far, too difficult to reach, but once you start traveling, you never want to stop. You want to hear other people's stories, see where they live, eat their food. You realize--and of course it's a cliche, but like many cliches, it's true--the way we are all interconnected.
William Penn|Having patience is one of the hardest things about being human. We want to do it now, and we don't want to wait. Sometimes we miss out on our blessing when we rush things and do it on our own time.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|I ate civilization. It poisoned me; I was defiled. And then," he added in a lower tone, "I ate my own wickedness.
Ruby Dixon, Barbarian's Taming|MADDIE: Change is good. It’s not always easy, but it’s good. And it’s time I made a few changes.
David W. Earle|Self-similarity is symmetry across scale. It implies recursion, pattern inside of pattern.
Elizabeth Morgan, Stepping Stones|First of all, I’m not a ‘military type.’ Second, I never proclaimed to be a gentleman of any kind. I just like the facts straight up. There’s no bullshit to wade through to get to the truth." Dylan
J.D. Salinger, De Daumier-Smith's Blue Period|Her sample drawings were clipped, rather subordinately, to her photograph. All of them were arresting. One of them was unforgettable. The unforgettable one was done in florid wash colors, with a caption that read: 'Forgive Them Their Trespasses.' It showed three small boys fishing in an odd-looking body of water, one of their jackets draped over a 'No Fishing!' sign. The tallest boy, in the foreground of the picture, appeared to have rickets in one leg and elephantiasis in the other--an effect, it was clear, that Miss Kramer had deliberately used to show that the boy was standing with his feet slightly apart.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|It is of great significance if there is a person who truly prays in a family. Prayer attracts God's Grace and all the members of the family feel it, even those whose hearts have grown cold. Pray always.
Evel Knievel|I think America is strong enough to fix the problems, grace and honor to D.C. I think energy independence and control spending. We have to go to a balanced budget. Quite frankly, as far as our debt goes, I don't think you can tax your way out of it. I think people are taxed enough.
Manolo Blahnik|I want to design jewelry for girls and guys... I'ma spread it out, but I'ma design, probably when I'm just designing furniture and buildings, I'll probably being the jewelry thing, too.
Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East|Never follow any impulse to teach, however strong it might be. The command to teach is not felt as an impulsion.
Misha Hoo|The power of Manifestation is the ability to make seen the unseen, to real~ise the unreal
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Before tomorrow becomes your legacy, come the choices you must make today.
Richie Norton|Sometimes the decision is placed in your hands and you just have to go with it, right or wrong, according to what you think is best.
Debasish Mridha|When someone tries to make you happy, that is a true sign of love.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Those who do not attempt to appear more than they are but are simply themselves, stand out as remarkable and are the only ones who truly make a difference in this world.
Sherene McHenry|Getting stuck is reactive, getting unstuck is proactive.
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|Later in the night, Nell brought two of the company mutts up from the stables. It took her almost an hour to find the horses, and more time to find the stall where the dogs had been penned. Then she lost her way coming back through the endless corridors and the mutts tried to bite an Ordinary.Everything is an adventure when you're a page.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|Like all real heroes, Charley had a fatal flaw. He refused to believe that he had gonorrhea, whereas the truth was that he did.
John Hawkins|Rarely is success an accident, but when it is, rarely does it last.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|Second: them poor things well out o' this, and never no more will I interfere with Mrs. Cruncher's flopping, never no more!""Whatever housekeeping arrangement that may be," said Miss Pross, striving to dry her eyes and compose herself, "I have no doubt it is best that Mrs. Cruncher should have it entirely under her own superintendence.—O my poor darlings!""I go so far as to say, miss, moreover," proceeded Mr. Cruncher, with a most alarming tendency to hold forth as from a pulpit—"and let my words be took down and took to Mrs. Cruncher through yourself—that wot my opinions respectin' flopping has undergone a change, and that wot I only hope with all my heart as Mrs. Cruncher may be a flopping at the present time.""There, there, there! I hope she is, my dear man," cried the distracted Miss Pross, "and I hope she finds it answering her expectations.
Ashish Patel|Every day I see lot of things cluttered in my surroundings. But that neither stresses me nor does it puts me down. Instead, it tells me that things will give you trouble if you see it as trouble.
Angie karan|When ever you allow your self to be non judgmental mostly to your self, and others, and with an open mind to the things and people who surround you - you have triumphed to a higher self of substance. A substance of your beautiful self. Because when you look back to those moments, you feel a sense of relief, a sense of accomplishment; and deep in your heart, you know you have carried out something that was right. I say : "Live up to your morals and values- whilst remaining aware of them, embrace your unique self, your individuality and be happy the way you are. Remembering to shift your focus to the goodness in your life, to let go of things that no longer is useful for the goodness of your being, genuinely and practically, rejoice in the fortune and success of others and most of all, LOVE the BEAUTY you possess within.
John Adams|The first test of a truly great man is his humility. By humility I don't mean doubt of his powers or hesitation in speaking his opinion, but merely an understanding of the relationship of what he can say and what he can do.
Benjamin Netanyahu|Every morningI wake up with the newsof bloodshed.I feel my body,desperate to know whetherI’m still alive.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|I will chum with you, and suffer when you suffer, and laugh when you laugh. I will bite my tongue when impatient words come. I will keep saying as if it were a ritual: "He is nothing but a boy -- a little boy!
Criss Jami, Healology|The foundation of morality on the human sentiments of what is acceptable behavior versus repulsive behavior has always made morals susceptible to change. Much of what was repulsive 100 years ago is normal today, and - although it may be a slippery slope - what is repulsive today is possible to be normal 100 years into tomorrow; the human standard has always been but to push the envelope. In this way, all generations are linked, and one can only hope that every extremist, self-proclaimed progressive is considering this ultimate 'Utopia' to which his kindness will lead at the end of the chain.
Roman Payne, Cities & Countries|This was how it was with travel: one city gives you gifts, another robs you. One gives you the heart’s affections, the other destroys your soul. Cities and countries are as alive, as feeling, as fickle and uncertain as people. Their degrees of love and devotion are as varying as with any human relation. Just as one is good, another is bad.
Paul Rusesabagina|Now our modern politics are full of a noisy forgetfulness; forgetfulness that the production of this [man's] happy and conscious life is after all the aim of all complexities and compromises. We talk of nothing but useful men and working institutions; that is, we only think of the chickens as things that will lay more eggs.
Candace Fleming, Women of the Lights|Children are never too young to begin the study of nature's book, and never too old to quit. ~Laura Hecox
Philip, Duke of Edinburgh|If a cricketer, for instance, suddenly decided to go into a school and batter a lot of people to death with a cricket bat, which he could do very easily, I mean, are you going to ban cricket bats?
Lev Grossman|We're wired to expect the world to be brighter and more meaningful and more obviously interesting than it actually is. And when we realize that it isn't, we start looking around for the real world.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|Perhaps you can feel if you can’t hear,” was her fancy. “Perhaps kind thoughts reach people somehow, even through windows and doors and walls. Perhaps you feel a little warm and comforted, and don’t know why, when I am standing here in the cold and hoping you will get well and happy again.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Night Embrace|Well", Fang said, mimicking a thick Southern drawl. "I must say its mighty nice of them Daimons to clean up after themselves when you kill them" He held his hands up to them. "Look Ma, no mess.""Does Fang have an off switch?" Talon asked Vane.
Jagdish Joghee, In Love and Free: The tale of a woman caught between two men...|The sea is intriguing and exciting. It always reinforces in me a sense of belonging. The waves bring with them a strange kind of peace and calm. The sea has been a silent spectator to many major incidents in my life. The many outings with friends and family; the long walks on the shore with dad, my hero and philosopher; the moments spent with my love, the memories are endless.
Debasish Mridha|Dear heart, love everyone and anyone. Please make me nonjudgmental.
kambiz shabankareh, The Last Smile of The Plaster-man|No one is that valuable to plan your future based upon them, because in some point every loyal individual will stab you in the back or in the best situation will just leave you. People have expiration dates. The ones who stay longer become more dangerous.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Jesus does not suffer so as to exclude your suffering. He bears a cross, not that you may escape it, but that you may endure it.
Leon Theremin|When they look back on me I want 'em to remember me not for all my wives, although I've had a few, and certainly not for any mansions or high livin' money I made and spent. I want 'em to remember me simply for my music.
Frank McCourt|'Flaubert's Parrot' is an amphibious book in which what appears to be a personal essay about Flaubertian writing is gradually, delicately transformed into an extremely sad novel in which the differences between character, author, and narrator are less clear than they appear at first glance.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The more you are grateful for what you have, the more you can live fully in the present.
David Halberstam, The Best and the Brightest|There was, I found, always more to learn.
David Guterson, The Other|When I think about John William now, I think about someone who followed through, and then I'm glad not to have followed through, to still be breathing, to still be here with people, to still be walking in the mountains, and to still be uncertain--even with all this cash on hand--in a way I seem to have no choice about. I'm a hypocrite, of course, and I live with that, but I live.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Life wears us down around the edges. The stress of life and its neces­sities cracks things. We learn to protect ourselves. We learn not to let so much of the world in, because some­times it’s all too much, and we don’t have the resilience we need to survive it. When we’re six, we make best friends easily. When we’re fifty, we don’t. That’s age and expe­rience for you.But books are different. We can let books in. We can wrap them up in our hearts. We can approach them as if we’re still young and open. Even so, it’s not as simple. Because we’re not as simple.(Source: State of the Writer, sort of, September 2015 - blog post)
Josh McDowell|Being in this fine mood, I spoke to a little boy, whom I saw playing alone in the road, asking him what he was going to be when he grew up. Of course I expected to hear him say a sailor, a soldier, a hunter, or something else that seems heroic to childhood, and I was very much surprised when he answered innocently, 'A man.'
Mac Davis|I don't start with a design objective, I start with a communication objective. I feel my project is successful if it communicates what it is supposed to communicate.
Roger Andrew Taylor|People who supported Obama felt like they formed a relationship, that they were being spoken to. The way that campaign worked and the way he's worked during his first term is to make people feel like he's grasping their hand, whether it's by tweeting or email, moments after an event, sometimes during an event. It makes people relate to him.
Shannon Delany, 13 to Life|Get the Girl," he demanded. "She knows too much!"Dammit. Why did people keep presuming that, and if it was true, why the hell couldn't my GPA reflect the fact?
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|And we have the tools. We have the tools to choose. They are free, and within you now! It is the tool of conscious thought. Imagine your life and how it could be better if you used the power of conscious thought effectively?
Amanda Grace, But I Love Him|But even when I stop crying, even when we fall asleep and I'm nestled in his arms, this will leave another scar. No one will see it. No one will know. But it will be there. And eventually all of the scars will have scars, and that's all I'll be--one big scar of a love gone wrong.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|I don't think everyone wants to create the great American novel, but we all have a dream of telling our stories-of realizing what we think, feel, and see before we die. Writing is a path to meet ourselves and become intimate.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|He sat watching the people go by, wondering how a thing of this sort could have come about, I must have let myself get mixed up in something horrible, he thought ... Probably she's the one who did it; I have no control of myself or anything that's happened. So now I'm waking up. I'm awake, he thought ... I've been destroyed and now that I'm awake all I can do is realize it ... The shock of getting up there and telling that account made me see. Mixture of lies and bits of truth. Woven together. Unable to see where each starts.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When an invincible weapon deals with an impenetrable defense,war is useless. The wisest decision is to ceasefire and do synergy.
Kaley Cuoco|A lot of women, when they're young, feel they have very good friends, and find later on that friendship is complicated. It's easy to be friends when everyone's 18.
Harold Urey|Where books are burned, they will, in the end, burn people, too.
Emily Ratajkowski|My high school didn't have a football team; we just had like a surf team, because I grew up in Encinitas, California, which is the ultimate place where everyone skated or surfed, so it was a very different culture. It was, like, cool to be the art kid.
Nurudeen Ushawu|What do I and a diamond have in common? We are tough, brilliant, and carbon based entities which evolved into something better under immense pressure, tribulation, and trials.
Stephen Rodrick|You and I are, by birth, by nature, and by choice, inwardly depraved, which is to say that we are entirely corrupt. That's not to say that we have no good in us; we do. However, anything good in us has been tainted with evil. It touches everything. Without the redeeming power of Christ we cannot halt our own moral slide.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|It melted my heart, no matter how much strangers love you, like you or praise you but if your closer ones believes in you and your dreams, then you have a life, which is worth it, there is nothing better than friends and family.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|Every day thousands of people bury good ideas because they are afraid to act on them.And afterwards, the ghosts of these ideas come back to haunt them.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|When life is going according to plan, we don't stop to question our daily habits...Maybe it's time to sift through our lives.
Nicolaus Copernicus|Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth; when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed; nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it.
Keanu Reeves|With all the knowledge and skill acquired in thousands of flights in the last ten years, I would hardly think today of making my first flight on a strange machine in a twenty-seven mile wind, even if I knew that the machine had already been flown and was safe.
Omar Khayyam|When you look at statistics for the white community alone, you see that we've become two separate worlds in which the successful are educated and wait to have children until they are married, and those in poverty are primarily those without higher education and with children outside of marriage.
Michael Foot|Men of power have not time to read, yet men who do not read are not fit for power. 
Gerald Weaver, Gospel Prism|In classrooms and living rooms across the globe, an agnostic or an atheist may be heard to strenuously argue, 'But the Bible is just a book.' Similar arguments may be raised against other holy books. But they all are too ironic, by half. A book is the Bible.
Mira Grant, Blackout|The problem with people who have power is that they start thinking more about what it takes to keep that power than they do about whats right or wrong or just plain a bad idea. Here's a tip for you: if you're ever in a position to be making calls on right and wrong that can impact an entire nation, run your decisions past a six year old. If they look at you in horror and tell you you're getting coal in your stocking for the rest of your life, you should probably reconsider your course of action. Unless you want to be remembered as a monster, in which case, knock yourself out.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|That's what I love about reading: one tiny thing will interest you in a book, and that tiny thing will lead you to another book, and another bit there will lead you onto a third book. It's geometrically progressive - all with no end in sight, and for no other reason than sheer enjoyment.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Share Love and happiness!! Beauty, money, Ego, Property, Materials will matter nothing
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If those who are sent to draw water begin by drinking themselves, the army is suffering from thirst. [One may know the condition of a whole army from the behavior of a single man.]
Marie Darrieussecq, My Phantom Husband|Night gets its own way in the end. The torches go out, the fire burns down to its internal organs, and the hall is charcoal and darkness.His mind shrinks as the heat dies, a ticking ember.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|... people made the imaginary real all the time: taking the music they heard in their head and recording it, seeing a house in their imagination and building it. Fantasy was always only a reality waiting to be switched on.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|Many women are singing together of this: one is in a shoe factory cursing the machine, one is at the aquarium tending a seal, one is dull at the wheel of her Ford, one is at the toll gate collecting,one is tying the cord of a calf in Arizona, one is straddling a cello in Russia,one is shifting pots on the stove in Egypt,one is painting her bedroom walls moon color, one is dying but remembering a breakfast, one is stretching on her mat in Thailand, one is wiping the ass of her child,one is staring out the window of a train in the middle of Wyoming and one is anywhere and some are everywhere and all seem to be singing, although some can not sing a note.
Rumi|I need to see my own beauty and to continue to be reminded that I am enough, that I am worthy of love without effort, that I am beautiful, that the texture of my hair and that the shape of my curves, the size of my lips, the color of my skin, and the feelings that I have are all worthy and okay.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We cannot ask forgiveness over and over again for our sins, and then return to our sins, expecting God to forgive us. We must turn from our practice of sin as best we know how, and turn to Christ by faith as our Lord and Savior.
Sara Dormon, If You're a Christian and Everyone Likes You... Something's Wrong|In order for us to learn to love, first ourselves and the others, we must accept Jesus’ love for us in the deepest parts of our hearts.
Georgia Clark, The Regulars|Her mouth connected with his. Everything inside her collapsed and was constructed, simultaneously.
John Mortimer, Paradise Postponed|There is no problem too large that God can’t handle,” Mamm assured. “Besides, God showed me a wonderful verse from His Word. Romans chapter eight verse twenty-eight: And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
Hakeem Olajuwon|Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Amit Aarav|We spend lots of time in nurturing relationship,some person are lucky enough to do it for deserved ones but most of us are unlucky because when it seems we have nurtured very patiently and carefully, we end up with wrong person. That's Life...
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|America's foundational philosophy is what sets her apart from the troubles and tribulations of the other nations around the globe. If we continue to move away from a biblical foundation, we will find ourselves facing troubles we will be ill equipped to overcome.
Henrique M. Simões, Trading Course: How to Become a Consistently Winning Trader|His optimism blinded her. He was full of plans. "I have an idea!" he said often. She imagined him as a child surrounded by too many brightly colored toys, always being encouraged to carry out "projects", always being told that his mundane ideas were wonderful.
Russell Simmons|There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Forward-thinking means to focus on the future, even a few steps ahead, to build the long-term prosperity.
Noah Webster, The Original Blue Back Speller|When majority is insane, sane must go to asylum.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you are going to devote your time to do something you claim you love, take this thought; "is this productive enough and worthy to be done? How useful will it be?" This is purpose.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|He did not seek to efface pain in forgetfulness, he sought to elevate it and to dignify it with hope. He would say, "Be careful how you turn to the dead. Don't think of the rotting. Hold your gaze and you will see the living light of your dearly loved departed up above in heaven.
John Charles Pollock, The Apostle: The Life of Paul|Ehimlite universities are strong at delivering their commercial mission. They are pretty strong in developing their cognitive mission. But when it comes to the sort of growth Deresiewicz is talking about, everyone is on their own. An admissions officer might bias her criteria slightly away from the Résumé God and toward the quirky kid. A student may privately wrestle with taking a summer camp job instead of an emotionally vacuous but résumé-padding internship. But these struggles are informal, isolated and semi-articulate.
Robert Casey|In things to be seen at once, much variety makes confusion, another vice of beauty. In things that are not seen at once, and have no respect one to another, great variety is commendable, provided this variety transgress not the rules of optics and geometry.
Debasish Mridha|Love the person, not his position.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I have learned that the swiftest traveller is he that goes afoot. I say to my friend, Suppose we try who will get [to Fitchburg from Concord] first. The distance is thirty miles; the fare ninety cents ... Well, I start now on foot, and get there before night; I have travelled at that rate by the week together. You will in the meanwhile have earned your fare, and arrive there some time tomorrow, or possibly this evening, if you are lucky enough to get a job in season. Instead of going to Fitchburg, you will be working here the greater part of the day. And so, if the railroad reached round the world, I think that I should keep ahead of you; and as for seeing the country and getting experience of that kind, I should have to cut your acquaintance altogether.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo|Good, bad or indifferent, if you are not investing in new technology, you are going to be left behind.
Hanna Rosin|Never, never have a famous partner. It's too complicated.
Hisham Matar, Anatomy of a Disappearance|I wanted to wear her as you would a piece of clothing, to fold into her ribs, be a stone in her mouth.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The exact proportion and combination of the qualities within you, as they are, even while you search and struggle for them to be different or better, is a unique beauty.
C.S. Lewis|On the other hand, if God's moral judgement differs from ours so that our 'black' may be His 'white', we can mean nothing by calling Him good; for to say 'God is good', while asserting that His goodness is wholly other than ours, is really only to say 'God is we know not what'. And an utterly unknown quality in God cannot give us moral grounds for loving or obeying Him. If He is not (in our sense) 'good' we shall obey, if at all, only through fear - and should be equally ready to obey omnipotent Fiend. The doctrine of Total Depravity - when the consequence is drawn that, since we are totally depraved, our idea of good is worth simply nothing - may thus turn Christianity into a form of devil-worship.- The Problem of Pain, pp. 28 - 29
Arthur Schopenhauer|No one likes doing chores. In happiness surveys, housework is ranked down there with commuting as activities that people enjoy the least. Maybe that's why figuring out who does which chores usually prompts, at best, tense discussion in a household and, at worst, outright fighting.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|There was a sudden flash of lightning which brightly illuminated our faces. I squinted against the harsh light. It was soon followed by the crack of thunder. The strong wind whipped our hair around our faces, and the younger girls squealed as they quickly ran across the grass to get inside the school.	Rose and I sat up, smiles on our faces as we listened to the weather’s dangerous melody. The third flash of lightning finally ripped open the sky’s belly. Freezing rain cascaded out, drenching us in a matter of seconds, the flower garlands drooping and lying limp on our matted hair.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|His face set in grim determination, Richard slogged ahead, his fingers reaching up to touch the tooth under his shirt. Loneliness, deeper than he had never known, sagged his shoulders. All his friends were lost to him. He knew now that his life was not his own. It belonged to his duty, to his task. He was the Seeker. Nothing more. Nothing less. Not his own man, but a pawn to be used by others. A tool, same as his sword, to help others, that they might have the life he had only glimpsed for a twinkling.He was no different from the dark things in the boundary. A bringer of death.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Christ has not called us to be popular, but to be faithful. We are not saved to be relevant to the crowds; we are saved to reflect Christ.
Louise Penny, Still Life|Once when I asked you if you still loved your wife, you said, Love leaves the back door open. Later, you said, Love like a hospital gown opens at the back. And you slipped out.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|It is hard to adapt to chaos, but it can be done. I am living proof of that: It can be done
Maz Jobrani|There are so many things I want to do. Like, I want to get an artist, a musician, a photographer, and a bunch of dancers that I know and just travel across Africa and just film it and just see what happens. Do and learn as much as I possibly can. Luckily, I have a lot more time.
Nina Post, The Zaanics Deceit|Flames beaten by the Ocean's Rage; Shrouded in Molten Haze; Blithely sheathed in Splendor. An Angel rises from the Embers. Calming Waters brew Courage replete; Fear cowers at Bravery's feet. An Angel rises from the Embers. Enlightenment basks on the shore; Tidal waves gasp and roar; 'Quiet!' the Wind implores! Silence sings, and spirits soar... An Angel rises from the Embers.
Tamar Myers|the deficiency of the negro race is not as a result of the deluge number of bad leaders;rather, its is an outcome of the shortage of young negro intellect ready to lead a revolutionary africa.
Abhijit Naskar|When one attains self-knowledge, distinctions of race and religion vanish.
Mel Alexenberg, Photograph God: Creating a Spiritual Blog of Your Life|Seeing God is all about getting in touch with reality. If you want to photograph God, focus your lens on Hamakom, The Place, anyplace where you see divine light illuminating reality. Let your camera collect the light reflecting from the reality shaping your everyday life and you will find yourself photographing God in action." (From the Introduction to the book Photograph God)
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|After all these years, all I know is, I need not to do anything as a part of remorse.All I need is to write.Because,'Poetry forgives.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|If you want to be free of the wars of the world, begin by resolving the wars within you. If you want to see the world at peace, create peace within your mind.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Mud, No Lotus: The Art of Transforming Suffering|The function of mindfulness is, first, to recognize the suffering and then to take care of the suffering. The work of mindfulness is first to recognize the suffering and second to embrace it. A mother taking care of a crying baby naturally will take the child into her arms without suppressing, judging it, or ignoring the crying. Mindfulness is like that mother, recognizing and embracing suffering without judgement. So the practice is not to fight or suppress the feeling, but rather to cradle it with a lot of tenderness. When a mother embraces her child, that energy of tenderness begins to penetrate into the body of the child. Even if the mother doesn't understand at first why the child is suffering and she needs some time to find out what the difficulty is, just her acto f taking the child into her arms with tenderness can alreadby bring relief. If we can recognize and cradle the suffering while we breathe mindfully, there is relief already.
Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects|Sometimes I think illness sits inside every woman, waiting for the right moment to bloom. I have known so many sick women all my life. Women with chronic pain, with ever-gestating diseases. Women with conditions. Men, sure, they have bone snaps, they have backaches, they have a surgery or two, yank out a tonsil, insert a shiny plastic hip. Women get consumed.
Nalini Singh, Hostage to Pleasure|Joy blossoms in our hearts not as we try harder and harder to grow, but as we see more clearly the depth of our sin and understand more fully our helplessness.
Ahmed Mostafa|You're like a dream I never want to wake up from, but I; I'm insomniac!
Landry Q. Walker, Batman: Brave and the Bold - Emerald Knight|Folks say I've never been quite right since - but they only say that because I'm a poet, and because nothing ever worries me. Poets are so rare in Blair Water folks don't understand them, and most people worry so much, they think you're not right if you don't worry.
Karl Pilkington, The Ricky Gervais Show - First, Second and Third Seasons|They keep saying that sea levels are rising an' all this. It's nowt to do with the icebergs melting, it's because there's too many fish in it. Get rid of some of the fish and the water will drop. Simple. Basic science.
Don Borchert|But then his parents changed. A year of California had changed them. They stopped sending money. Greg was forced to go out into the world, to interact with real people. And he was glad of this. He had always wanted to be a normal person. To be at ease in society. He had just been too scared to try. But now he was forced to, and so he did–he went and got a job at the public library. He was not quite a librarian, but close. Greg was a shelver. There would be carts of books to shelve, then there would be no more carts of books to shelve, then there would be carts of books to shelve.As a shelver, Greg felt that life was passing him by in a slow and distant, but massive, way–like the moon.
Stacia Kane|If you are working with authors, you are accepting a great responsibility and must tread very carefully. The author's work is a part of herself, a creative endeavor she has poured her heart and soul into. Protecting and nurturing that work and the author is part of the job of a publisher.
Misty Copeland|What I would say to young entrepreneurs is there's so many moments in your life where you have these dreams, and people are trying to protect you, and they say, perhaps, friends, family, parents sometimes, they don't agree with it, they think, 'This is just too high of a hurdle.' And I don't agree with that.
Debasish Mridha|Peace can't be seen with eyes, only the mind can see it and the heart can feel it. So open the window of your mind to let it come in.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|If you didn't love him, this never would have happened. But you did. And accepting that love and everything that followed it is part of letting it go.
J.R. Rim|What happens when you combine your passion, strength and value? This is the process of creating true art.
Robert Casey|When you're successful, there will be friends, people, VIPs rallying around you. When you're down and out, you're all alone. That's why it's important to be a good person. Because whether you're a successful cricketer or not can always change, but the respect you earn by being the person you are stays with you.
Henning Mankell|It is in the admission of ignorance and the admission of uncertainty that there is a hope for the continuous motion of human beings in some direction that doesn't get confined, permanently blocked, as it has so many times before in various periods in the history of man.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Barry Lyndon|His Scotch bear-leader, Mr Boswell, was a butt of the first quality.
Charles Darwin|Brave men do not gather by thousands to torture and murder a single individual, so gagged and bound he cannot make even feeble resistance or defense.
Rebecca Johns, The Countess|Beauty was a curse to be borne, not a blessing.
Mark      Miller, The Heart of Leadership: Becoming a Leader People Want to Follow|When the sun sets, life gets darker in the country; when a bad leader sinks, life gets brighter in the country!
Celia McMahon, Skye|You know when it comes to who should govern themselves, we have old people talking around tables,” Jimmi says. “When you throw religion into the mix, you have a whole new set of problems. You can't say one has nothing to do with the other because that is simply not true. You have to change the government before we set religious freedoms. People like Firo and Clavis, they just don't want to suppress people. They want wealth and power. It's hard to find those who don't.
jagvir ji|Sometimes u have to hurt your loved ones just because you don't want to hurt yourself, it's like putting a step backward to jump forward ..
Erik Tomblin, Riverside Blues|Some one asked me today to explain "Soul Mates" I said "Well if all the energy was created at the same time as they say. Then all souls and spirits and such would be the same age. The only way you could say then if your a so called Old Soul, it would mean you have played the game more than others. Then some where along the way the person your attracted to was there with you one or many times playing the game also. Yet the experiences you shared could of been in many different life applications, not just Lovers.
Stefan Zweig, The Collected Stories of Stefan Zweig|The world is filled with so many beautiful people after all and who am I to think that you will hold on, hold on to me, because who am I and what are we?
Jürgen Habermas|But here's the biggest head-scratcher of all: Not only are atheists destroying our country, they're completely deluding themselves. There's simply no way to prove that there is no God. If I didn't hate them so much, I'd feel bad for these folks. Imagine going through life completely duped into thinking that there's no invisible, omniscient higher power guiding every action on Earth. It's just so arbitrary! Can't they see?
Walter M. Miller Jr.|Glorious is the Voice of Man, and sweet is the music of the harp.
Dr. Ron Harris|The world we have created, has problems, that can not be resolved by rich getting richer but by sharing we can over come the problems" Dr. Ron Harris - 2008
Ash Gray, Project Mothership|Varzo shrugged. “My people have given them good reason to be biased. The last time you were open and trusting . . . we invaded,” she said unhappily. “Yeah,” muttered the boy just as unhappily. “But while there is good reason for caution, there is never a good reason for hatred, hmm?” He glanced at Varzo and lifted his brows meaningfully.
Satyajit Ray|I guess a good song is a good song is a good song, ya know.
Sherman Alexie|People who think that Sylvia Plath was a poor, sensitive poet are not getting that she had great amounts of ambition and anger that moved her along, or she wouldn't have been able to fight against that depression to produce such an incredible body of work by the age of thirty.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Martin is your best friend, isn't he?' a sweet and well-intentioned girl once said when both of us were present: it was the only time I ever felt awkward about this precious idea, which seemed somehow to risk diminishment if it were uttered aloud.
Thomas C. Oden, A Change of Heart: A Personal and Theological Memoir|Sometimes, late at night, the words are only whispers– Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God. The quiet is kindness and gratitude and calm–Have mercy on me, a sinner. And I fall asleep like that, the words of the Jesus Prayer melting from English to Greek– Kyrie Iesou Christe. Floating around me– Yie tou Theou. Swimming apart from me– Eleison me.
Paul Theroux, Ghost Train to the Eastern Star|..luxury is the enemy of observation, a costly indulgence that induces such a good feeling that you notice nothing. Luxury spoils and infantilizes you and prevents you from knowing the world. That is its purpose, the reason why luxury cruises and great hotels are full of fatheads who, when they express an opinion, seem as though they are from another planet. It was also my experience that one of the worst aspects of travelling with wealthy people, apart from the fact that the rich never listen, is that they constantly groused about the high cost of living – indeed, the rich usually complained of being poor.
Plato|The author relates by way of illustration that the human heart contains both a throne and a cross. If we occupy the one, Jesus occupies the other.
Yuvraj Singh|Boldness doesn't mean rude, obnoxious, loud, or disrespectful. Being bold is being firm, sure, confident, fearless, daring, strong, resilient, and not easily intimidated. It means you're willing to go where you've never been, willing to try what you've never tried, and willing to trust what you've never trusted. Boldness is quiet, not noisy.
E.L. Doctorow, Homer & Langley|Words... They're innocent, neutral, precise, standing for this, describing that, meaning the other, so if you look after them you can build bridges across incomprehension and chaos. But when they get their corners knocked off, they're no good any more... I don't think writers are sacred, but words are. They deserve respect. If you get the right ones in the right order, you can nudge the world a little or make a poem which children will speak for you when you're dead.
Anonymous|If there ever were one moment where everything worked for us, where we lived in harmony and at ease with our natures, then we would still be there. There is no garden to return to, no idyllic perfect childhood, no enwombed state. The Garden of Eden was boring, childhood is a nightmare we should all be grateful to be done with, and your mother smoked while she was pregnant and poisoned you in the womb with artificial sugar substitutes. The best thing any of us can do is just to keep fucking up in a forward motion, and see what comes out of it.
Napoleon Hill|If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Many people are calling Manti Te’o “dumb” or “naïve” because he fell for the “invisible girlfriend” hoax or catfishing but when you think about it. Religion MIGHT be doing the same thing when it tells you that there is a “God” that you cannot see, or meet, that loves you, & “communicates” with you thru a book (bible).Does that make sense?
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|All government, in its essence, is a conspiracy against the superior man: its one permanent object is to oppress him and cripple him. If it be aristocratic in organization, then it seeks to protect the man who is superior only in law against the man who is superior in fact; if it be democratic, then it seeks to protect the man who is inferior in every way against both. One of its primary functions is to regiment men by force, to make them as much alike as possible and as dependent upon one another as possible, to search out and combat originality among them. All it can see in an original idea is potential change, and hence an invasion of its prerogatives. The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out for himself, without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane and intolerable, and so, if he is romantic, he tries to change it. And even if he is not romantic personally he is very apt to spread discontent among those who are.
Dick Dale|You know how you can be romantic? You can be romantic by going to a beautiful setting, sitting on a park bench, and getting good ole-fashioned golden arches, a.k.a. McDonald's. That's probably the best I can do romantically.
Kaya Scodelario|A huge thing for me growing up was going to see my favorite bands and feeling like, 'Okay, cool, they proved themselves and did things in a special way.' That's the most important thing.
Louise Erdrich|When you buy a pet-store puppy, you know nothing about the health or temperament of the parents. You have no connection to the breeder of the dog, no resource to go to if you have questions or problems a few months or years from now. But perhaps most important, when you buy a pet-store puppy, you contribute to the demand for puppy-mill-bred puppies, and add to the cycle of misery of mill-owned breeding dogs.
Wunder Wend|The sage of Nazareth may satisfy those who have never faced the problem of evil in their own lives; but to talk about an ideal to those who are under the thralldom of sin is a cruel mockery. Yet if Jesus was merely a man like the rest of men, then an ideal is all that we have in Him. Far more is needed by a sinful world. It is small comfort to be told that there was goodness in the world, when what we need is goodness triumphant over sin. But goodness triumphant over sin involves an entrance of the creative power of God, and that creative power of God is manifested by the miracles. Without the miracles, the New Testament might be easier to believe. But the thing that would be believed would be entirely different from
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Human beings, in a sense, may be thought of as multidimensional creatures composed of such poetic considerations as the individual need for self-realization, subdued passions for overwhelming beauty, and a hunger for meaning beyond the flavors that enter and exit the physical body.
Richard Yates, The Easter Parade|With their mother lying in a coma twenty miles away, they clung together drunkenly and wept for the loss of their father.
Amit Kalantri|Improvement is not enough, you also needs innovation.
Stacey Jay, Juliet Immortal|I am always alone, pretending to be someone else or lost in a vast emptiness. I miss life. I miss conversation and laughter and shared joy and hurt. I miss dancing and painting. I miss waking up to a day with no evil in it - at least, none that I can see.
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|In the ancient times, when ignorance was the default mode of thinking, Krishna may have proven to be a glorious figure to be adored and relied on in times of distress, but in the modern world of conscientious humans, no Krishna is higher than the Human Self.
Woody Harrelson|It's not an accident that both my sister and I are writers. Our parents created an accidental Petri dish. My family has great storytellers, and I grew up in a very funny, conversational house and didn't have television. This small family farm was a bubble world that didn't have much to do with reality.
Debasish Mridha|Your task is not to find the love, but to swim and dive in the love.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality|The greatest challenge that has surreptitiously arisen in our age is the challenge of knowledge, indeed, not as against ignorance; but knowledge as conceived and disseminated throughout the world by Western civilization; knowledge whose nature has become problematic because it has lost its true purpose due to being unjustly conceived, and has thus brought about chaos in man's life instead of, and rather than, peace and justice; knowledge which pretends to be real but which is productive of confusion and scepticism, which has elevated doubt and conjecture to the 'scientific' rank in methodology; knowledge which has, for the first time in history, brought chaos to the Three Kingdom of Nature; the animal, vegetal and mineral.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|She will speculate that she didn’t fully know her husband—this will give her leverage to seek him, to come to know him. It will keep her husband “alive” in her memory—elusive, teasing.
Noah Levine, Against the Stream: A Buddhist Manual for Spiritual Revolutionaries|We are born into a realm of constant change. Everything is decaying. We are continually losing all that we come in contact with. Our tendency to get attached to impermanent experiences causes sorrow, lamentation and grief, because eventually we are separated from everything and everyone we love. Our lack of acceptance and understanding of this fact makes life unsatisfactory.
Lisa C. Taylor|Literature matters because it is how humanity, with all its losses and joys, can become a work of art.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Yeah!” Quinn said defiantly. “And I’m about to destroy your sick little plan here! And when I’m done doing that, I’ll tell the humans how your people are planning to betray them --!”“As if that will make much difference,” said the general calmly. “Humans can’t agree on how to run individual countries, let alone their entire planet. When the harvest begins, they won’t stand a chance against us. I’ve already given Dr. Zorgone permission to execute his plans for abduction. He has also been given strict orders to return you to me alive. Both of you. You must simply walk outside. There is nothing to fear.”“Yeah, I bet,” Quinn muttered sarcastically.
Harry Bingham, Talking to the Dead|Rich said, "As your get older, feelings are harder to come by." It was so simple and poignant.
Noel Gallagher|(on learning Westlife had beaten Oasis, U2 and The Beatles in an album chart battle in November 2006): There is no God.
Patricia Briggs, Iron Kissed|Cheeses crusty, got all musty, got damp on the stone of a peach,” I agreed. He looked blank, so I repeated it with proper emphasis. “ ChEEZ-zes crusty. Got Al -musty. Got DAMp on the StoneofapeaCH.
Megan McCafferty, Charmed Thirds|What does all this mean finally, I kept asking like a college kid. Why does it make me want to cry? Maybe it’s that we are all outsiders, we are all making our own unusual way through a wilderness ofnormality that is just a myth.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Without books we should very likely be a still-primitive people living in the shadow of traditions that faded with years until only a blur remained, and different memories would remember the past in different ways. A parent or a teacher has only his lifetime; a good book can teach forever.Without books we should very likely be a still-primitive people living in the shadow of traditions that faded with years until only a blur remained, and different memories would remember the past in different ways. A parent or a teacher has only his lifetime; a good book can teach forever.
C.J. Roberts, Captive in the Dark|People often believed they were safer in the light, thinking monsters only came out at night. But safety – like light – is a façade. Underneath, the whole world is drenched in darkness. The only way to truly be safer, was to accept the dark, to walk in it with eyes wide open, to be a part of it. To keep your enemies close, so that you could no longer discern where they ended and you began.
John O. Brennan|If it doesn't have a full delay or defund of Obamacare, I know I and many others will not be able to support whatever the leadership proposes.
Linda McMahon|When I testified before Congress after the Hudson River landing, Congressman James Oberstar of Minnesota said, 'Safety begins in the boardroom.' That's as true in medicine as it is in aviation. It always boils down to leadership.
Denise Levertov|But for us the road unfurls itself, we don't stop walking, we know there is far to go. 
Robert Moog|My dad wanted me to play when I was a kid, so I learned to play the guitar. I pursued a career in music because I love it so much and I enjoy what it does to those who hear it.
Andrea Dworkin, Intercourse|Being stigmatied by sex is being marked by its meaning in a human life of loneliness and imperfection, where some pain is indelible.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you do, let it be done with profound love.
Sanhita Baruah|If the heroes run and hide, who will stay and fight?
Matshona Dhliwayo|When we wallow in anxiety and doubts, we subject ourselves to fear. When we focus on the greatness of God, we make fear subject to faith.
Peter T. King|As far as Iraq, the important thing is that the Taliban is gone in Afghanistan, three-quarters of the al-Qaida leadership is either dead or in jail, and we now have Saudi Arabia working with us, Pakistan working with us.
Marc Olmsted, What Use Am I a Hungry Ghost? Poems from 3-year Retreat|Impartial, compassionate, brave, and understanding…these are the traits that come with putting the Noble Eightfold Path into practice. By following this path, anyone can become the kind of leader the Buddha hoped to see—a leader of peace.
Kathleen Hanna|It would be impossible to estimate how much time and energy we invest in trying to fix, change and deny our emotions - especially the ones that shake us at our very core, like hurt, jealousy, loneliness, shame, rage and grief.
Richie Tankersley Cusick, Teacher's Pet|I hear you're quite the writer. Quite the teacher's pet.""I... I don't know what you mean.""No? The maybe you're in for a surprise. A maybe it won't be a nice one."Kate heard her voice lashing out, braver than she felt."I don't know what you're talking about. But nothing that pertains to me is any of your business.'The match hissed again. She saw his black, black eyes flickering."You're right. How inconsiderate of me."Shaken, Kate willed her feet to move her forward."You should be more careful," Pearce said. "Anyone could find your key. Anyone could get into your cabin."Kate whirled to face him. "I have a roommate. I'm not alone.""A roommate?" And he sounded like he was smiling... a dark strange smile as if she'd said something particularly funny. "If someone wanted to get you," Pearce said slowly, and another match went out, "a roommate wouldn't stop them. They'd just get you. Wouldn't they?
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|Omnia Mutantur, Nihil Interit. 'Everything changes, but nothing is truly lost.
Dolly Parton|It's very strange how electronic music formatted itself and forgot that its roots are about the surprise, freedom, and the acceptance of every race, gender, and style of music into this big party. Instead, it started to become this electronic lifestyle which also involved the glorification of technology.
Steven Magee, Health Forensics|After a decade of working in high altitude astronomy the medical profession discovered that I had a hole in my heart, erratic low blood oxygen levels and brain issues. Heart, lung and brain problems appear to be long term known adverse health aspects of high altitude work and unnatural electromagnetic radiation exposures.
Avijeet Das|The man who dreams in sleeping, leads to sleeping when thinking
Siri Hustvedt|I have dreams that I will reach balance in my life, and, at forty-one, I have none.
Tanuja Desai Hidier, Born Confused|Dani said this woman, with whom she’d lived for two years, had never known her. “I feel like people accept the first thing I show them,” she said, “and that’s all I ever am to them.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|I need you forever, for you are my teddy.
William J. Federer, Change to Chains-The 6,000 Year Quest for Control -Volume I-Rise of the Republic|for PEOPLE to rule themselves in a REPUBLIC , they must have virtue;for a TYRANT to rule in a TYRANNY ,he must use FEAR.
Emmi Itäranta, Memory of Water|Like hatred, guilt can’t be locked in the silence of forgetting, without taking part of your soul with it.
Colleen Clayton, What Happens Next|Katherine is the master of anger; she dominates anger. She takes anger in her hands and twists its neck, ripping its head off. She throws anger against the wall and stomps it to death. Her voice rises, it changes, it conjures up ghosts and cusses in a spitting Irish brogue. Then, when she's tapped out empty, she picked anger up between her a thumb and a forefinger and carries it outside and drops it in the trash. On her way back, she scoops up forgiveness like a bouquet, sniffs it deep and arranges it in a vase. She sets forgiveness down, shining in the middle of everything.
Laurie Graham|Whatever the potential pitfalls, banks are increasingly enthusiastic about venture capital, particularly in new companies with strong prospects in fields like health care and technology.
Mikko Hypponen|Computers have proved to be formidable chess players. In fact, they've beaten our top human chess champions.
Owen Arthur|I've realized the extraordinary power of sports to heal, unite and inspire. I believe the Olympics will serve as the ultimate platform to provide positive changes and I hope to inspire all of Japan through my strong showing there.
Ilona Andrews, Clean Sweep|I have a black belt in sarcasm, and my wit is like lightning.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sun shone for itself, it would be blinded by its own light; if a river flowed for itself, it would be drowned by its own weight.
George Bernard Shaw|If you take too long in deciding what to do with your life, you'll find you've done it.
Cora Carmack|I'm going to be fit and slim and beautiful. I'm going on a diet as of today.""Why? You've always said that looks don't matter and women only diet for men and life is obsessed with the superificial.""Yes, I know, but then I thought, hey wouldn't it be fun to be sexy?
Richard Paul Evans, The Christmas Box|The human life cycle no less than evolves around the box; from the open-topped box called a bassinet, to the pine box we call a coffin, the box is our past and, just as assuredly, our future. It should not surprise us then that the lowly box plays such a significant role in the first Christmas story. For Christmas began in a humble, hay-filled box of splintered wood. The Magi, wise men who had traveled far to see the infant king, laid treasure-filled boxes at the feet of that holy child. And in the end, when He had ransomed our sins with His blood, the Lord of Christmas was laid down in a box of stone. How fitting that each Christmas season brightly wrapped boxes skirt the pine boughs of Christmas trees around the world. 
Noam Chomsky|If you're teaching, say, physics, there's no point in persuading a student that you're right. You want to encourage them to find out what the truth is, which is probably that you're wrong.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|The dweam of wuv wapped wiffin the gweater dweam of everwasting west. Eternity is our fwiend, wemember that, and wuv wiw fowwow you fowever.
Kathleen Hanna|People who ask confidently get more than those who are hesitant and uncertain. When you've figured out what you want to ask for, do it with certainty, boldness and confidence. Don't be shy or feel intimidated by the experience. You may face some unexpected criticism, but be prepared for it with confidence.
Sasheer Zamata|Humor has been the balm of my life, but it's been reserved for those close to me, not part of the public Lana.
Ellen Hopkins, Identical|He felt that there is a loose balance of good and evil, and that the art of living consists in getting the greatest good out of the greatest evil.
Sunday Adelaja|The main aim of some people is to criticize you to stop, and then they can start what you have stopped! Keep moving on in the right direction when you know deep within you where you are heading towards! Don't give up!
David Foster Wallace, The Pale King|The whole of the world could be deduced from the smallest grain of sand, if one studied it closely enough.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Know Thyself. Once you know yourself and realize that you are a byproduct of the King, once you realize that your existence is tied to Him, once you realize that you are nothing without Him, you then understand that in the middle of the day or in the darkest midnight - you can not only survive, you can triumph.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that many people will intentionally overlook all of the lifeless facts about their relationship with their significant other, just because they do not want to go through the trouble of breaking up, because it's safe, because other people expect it of them, because there is a fear of being alone... and in the process of doing this, they miss out on the life that is meant for them. Our lives must not be lived to be safe, to be out of trouble, to meet the expectations of others, and to avoid fear. On the contrary, our lives must be lived with courage, which can only be present if there is fear; our lives must be lived for what we know in our hearts is for us, not for what other people believe is for us; our lives must be lived even when it is not safe and even when things are troublesome. To die in full knowledge that you have pleased everyone safely, or to die in full knowledge that you seized what you knew was meant for you -- which way do you choose to die? Because that is the way you must choose to live!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Nothing great was ever achieved without 100% dedication, discipline and determination.
Keisha Keenleyside, The Demons Fib|Some of the imperfections will be visible, but this house has been here a long time. I see no reason to cover up the dings and scars. We've all got 'em.
Ebelsain Villegas|I just want you, to be mine, forever. I want a piece of you no one else has ever had, and I want you to own my heart forever.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|Perhaps, if you weren't so busy regarding my shortcomings, you'd find that I do possess redeeming qualities, discreet as they may be.  I notice when the sky is blue.  I smile down at children.  I laugh at any innocent attempt at humor.  I quietly carry the burdens of others as though they were my own.  And I say 'I'm sorry' when you don't.  I am not without fault, but I am not without goodness either.
fitri puji astutik|‎"You are the author for your life and you only get one chance to leave a beautiful mark.
Peyton Manning|In order to maintain an untenable position, you have to be actively ignorant. One motto on the show is, 'Keep your facts, I'm going with the truth.'
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May you know, love, obey and serve the Lord with all your heart, soul and mind.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|I knew that the Name was still with him, animating his soul, even as his body failed.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Don't fear the world and you will conquer it, fear it and it conquers you - rjs
Zoe Forward, The Way You Bite|I want you in every way possible and in ways you’ve probably never even imagined. Your saving grace is I don’t sleep with vamps. If things were different we wouldn’t be talking and you’d be enjoying the hell out of where this could be going.” - Lexan, The Way You Bite
Victor LaValle, Big Machine|Monsters’ can help us by giving a tangible form to our secret fears. It is less widely appreciated today that ‘wonders’ such as the unicorn legitimize our hopes. But all imaginary animals, to some degree all animals, are ultimately both monsters and wonders, which assist us by deflecting and absorbing our uncertainties . It is hard to tell ‘imaginary animals’ from symbolic, exemplary, heraldic, stylized, poetic, literary, or stereotypical ones. What is reality? Until we answer that question with confidence, a sharp differentiation between real animals and imaginary ones will remain elusive. There is some yeti in every ape, and a bit of Pegasus in every horse. Men and women are not only part angel and part demon, as the old cliché goes; they are also part centaur, part werewolf, part mandrake, and part sphinx.
Lauren Owen|Already she knew that an idea could pain him like a bruise. He had grey eyes that showed every thought, and sometimes Charlotte worried that he might be hurt in some way that she would not be able to prevent.
Sara  Humphreys, Luck of the Irish|For the first time, they were seeing the dream beneath the flesh.Karla stared at the pointed ears that had come from the Dea al Mon, the hands with sheathed claws that had come from the Tigre, the hooves peeking out from beneath the black gown that could have come from the centaurs or the horses or the unicorns. Most of all, she stared at the tiny spiral horn.The living myth. Dreams made flesh. But, oh, had any of them really thought about who the dreamers had
Glenn Hefley|Except... what Jesus said was: "I will build My church," not you. The verse is not a prediction, it is a proclamation of the Lord of the Earth, who never once talked of "children in subjection." or "wives be grave... sober, faithful in all things." In fact, reading the New Testament from the Gospels into Paul's letters, is like watching the Wizard of Oz backwards -- going from a world of color and amazement, into a land of black-and-white with insane devout women trying to kill your dog. -- editorial 2014
Michael Gira, The Consumer|Loss of empathy might well be the most enduring and deep-cutting scar of all, the silent blade of an unseen enemy, tearing at our hearts and stealing more than our strength. Stealing our will, for what are we without empathy? What manner of joy might we find in our live if we cannot understand the joys and pains of those around us, if we cannot share in a greater community.
Nicolas Cage|Yes, the Bible should be taught in our schools because it is necessary to understand the Bible if we are to truly understand our own culture and how it came to be. The Bible has influenced every part of western culture from our art, music, and history, to our sense of fairness, charity, and business.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Don't judge me by my appearance,by my looks,My Soul has a beautiful decorated Grave
Malka Ann Older, Null States|The aftereffects of confiding something you shouldn't have, almost as bad as a hangover.
Steve Kluger|Just because you discover that you may like somebody after all, it doesn't necessarily mean there's any attraction.
Cindy Bonner, The Passion of Dellie O'Barr|And I don't believe in such a thing as "happily ever after". There's only happily every now and then. I find the hardest trick is to recognize the now-and-thens, and to bask in them when they come. Happiness is a choice we make, like how to wear our hair, or having coffee with breakfast and tea at night.
Stephen Chbosky|Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Gift ain't what you take by effort, as swag ain't what you worthy have.
Ophelia London, Aimee and the Heartthrob|...I don't want to mar the moment with questions. By not asking too much, you can believe in almost anything.
Jodi Meadows, Asunder|Love at infancy is the strongest and puriest of all, it is mixed with infatuation and deep happiness. Persistent smile brings out hollow dimples, and persistent frowns brings out hollow wrinkles.
Andrea Gibson|Standing there, that day, I felt like Sally was being torn from my skin and there was no way I could ever fly free, without her right beside me.
William Shakespeare, The Taming of the Shrew|Thy husband is thy lord, thy life, thy keeper,Thy head, thy sovereign, one that cares for thee,And for thy maintenance; commits his bodyTo painful labor, both by sea and land;To watch the night in storms, the day in cold,Whilst thou li’st warm at home, secure and safe;And craves no other tribute at thy handsBut love, fair looks, and true obedience-Too little payment for so great a debt.Such duty as the subject owes the prince,Even such a woman oweth to her husband;And when she is froward, peevish, sullen, sour,And no obedient to his honest will,What is she but a foul contending rebel,And graceless traitor to her loving lord?I asham’d that women are so simple‘To offer war where they should kneel for peace,Or seek for rule, supremacy, and sway,When they are bound to serve, love, and obey.Why are our bodies soft, and weak, and smooth,Unapt to toil and trouble in the world,But that our soft conditions, and our hearts,Should well agree with our external parts?
Debbie Macomber, Summer on Blossom Street|I generally read every night befi=ore I fall asleep: Brad does too. I find it comforting to lie beside my husband, each of us with a book in our hands. I see it as a period of calm and intimacy, and as the perfect metaphor-together, yet individual-for our marriage.
Jean Baudrillard, The Transparency of Evil: Essays in Extreme Phenomena|The only benefit of a Campbell's soup can by Andy Warhol (and it is an immense benefit) is that it releases us from the need to decide between beautiful and ugly, between real and unreal, between transcendence and immanence.
Tom Landry|As athletes, we're used to reacting quickly. Here, it's 'come, stop, come, stop.' There's a lot of downtime. That's the toughest part of the day. 
Joseph Brodsky|Poetry is rather an approach to things, to life, than it is typographical production.
Jesus Christ|I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|A spectacularly foolish and baseless faith, against enormous odds, that a world you do not control will not take from you the one thing you cannot bare to lose.
Avina Celeste|Do what you are passionate about. Do it for yourself, nobody else.
Santosh Kalwar, 25 Sexy Poems|Sex drives the world and sex in on every human mind, be it a prophet or be it a saint, history has full of evidences.
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|Wait, Armand, he heard behind him but kept walking, ignoring the calls. Then he remembered what Emile had meant to him and still did. Did this one bad thing wipe everything else out?That was the danger. Not that betrayals happened, not that cruel things happened, but that they could outweigh all the good. That we could forget the good and only remember the bad.But not today. Gamache stopped.
Jesse Haubert, We Found a Horse and Other Stories|I don't know what's worse, being ignored or stared at.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|People tend to romanticise consciousness, as if it’s something spiritual. It’s just a word we use to describe complexity.
Debasish Mridha|If you love someone, unknowingly, you become beloved.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Animals don't know as much about jealousy as people, but they're not ignorant of it, either.
Melanie Pinola, LinkedIn In 30 Minutes: How to create a rock-solid LinkedIn profile and build connections that matter|The cover letter is all about what you want. Nasty Gal gets so many cover letters that detail a “passion for fashion” and then proceed to talk about how this job will help the applicant pursue her interests, gain more experience, and explore new avenues.If a cover letter starts out like this, I usually end up reading the first couple of sentences before hitting the delete button. Why? Because I don’t care about what a job will do for you and your personal development. I know that sounds harsh, but I don’t know you, so the fact that you want to work for my company does not automatically mean that I have an interest in helping you grow your career. I have a business that is growing by the day, so I want to know what you can do for me. It’s as simple as that.
Sharon Salzberg|Don't worry about not fitting in. The things that make people think you're weird are what makes you you, and therefore your greatest strength.
Megan Shepherd, The Madman’s Daughter|Every American wants MORE MORE of the world and why not, you only live once. But the mistake made in America is persons accumulate more more dead matter, machinery, possessions & rugs & fact information at the expense of what really counts as more: feeling, good feeling, sex feeling, tenderness feeling, mutual feeling. You own twice as much rug if you're twice as aware of the rug.
Dan Millman|You can't be afraid to fail. It's the only way you succeed - you're not gonna succeed all the time, and I know that.
Steve Grand, Creation: Life and How to Make It|So when you’re nervous, you count?” “Not just when I’m nervous,” I said. “It’s… all the time. I count the seconds during pauses in conversations. I count the minutes when I’m waiting on something. Sometimes, when I’m kind of panicked or anxious, I count my heartbeats. Something about counting makes me feel like… like I have the power. Like knowing how much time has passed or how many steps I’ve taken from one place to another will somehow keep me in control of the situation.
Nancy I. Sanders, Yes! You Can Learn How to Write Children's Books, Get Them Published, and Build a Successful Writing Career|Capture your reader, let him not depart, from dull beginnings that refuse to start
Jill Smokler, Confessions of a Scary Mommy: An Honest and Irreverent Look at Motherhood: The Good, The Bad, and the Scary|Much of life, fatherhood included, is the story of knowledge acquired too late: if only I’d known then what I know now, how much smarter, abler, stronger, I would have been. But nothing really prepares you for kids, for the swells of emotion that roll through your chest like the rumble of boulders tumbling downhill, nor for the all-enveloping labor of it, the sheer mulish endurance you need for the six or seven hundred discrete tasks that have to be done each and every day. Such a small person! Not much bigger than a loaf of bread at first, yet it takes so much to keep the whole enterprise going. Logistics, skills, materiel; the only way we really learn is by figuring it out as we go along, and even then it changes on us every day, so we’re always improvising, which is a fancy way of saying that we’re doing things we technically don’t know how to do.
Phil Ford, Skypoint|Hope was what kept the world going. Hope that one day you would find somebody you could love and trust, hope that you would never lose them; hope that your team won the cup this year; hope that you found that dream job; hope that you would find the money to pay the mortgage. But most of all, hope that one day - whatever you have told yourself over that years - you would find that life really does go on beyond the deathbed.
Ben Marcus|Literature is fighting for its very life because compromise is mistook for ambition, and joining up is preferred to standing out …
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|The skinnier and more toned I got, the fatter I felt.The more in shape I got, the more out of shape I felt like I was.And the more I made myself look good to the masses, the less attractive I felt like I was.
Pepper Pace, Urban Vampire Complete Series|Yes, I’ve killed! I’ve killed as indiscriminately as God! And yes, I will kill again. I must.
Elizabeth Meriwether|People want to hear about the extremes of human nature. They want things that are larger than their own lives, and more romantic, and not necessarily of their own experiences.
Jack Nicklaus|There isn't a flaw in his golf or his makeup. He will win more majors than Arnold Palmer and me combined. Somebody is going to dust my records. It might as well be Tiger, because he's such a great kid.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|In the grief that comes with recognizing what happened to us, we often feel there is nowhere to turn for solace…We do things to keep it away, such as becoming overly busy or using drugs or alcohol to numb our feelings. When we are caught up in resistance, we do not feel hope, but when we surrender to our sadness fully, hope trickles in.
Frank Gifford|Chance makes our parents, but choice makes our friends.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|A Maddox boy will take you all the way to the edge, but if you go with him, he’ll follow you anywhere…
Viorica Dragotel|Suffering, my child?...Suffering is the divine trigger you can press..for you to accomplish your dreams...
Martha Graham|There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all of time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and it will be lost. The world will not have it. It is not your business to determine how good it is nor how valuable nor how it compares with other expressions. It is your business to keep it yours clearly and directly, to keep the channel open. You do not even have to believe in yourself or your work. You have to keep yourself open and aware to the urges that motivate you. Keep the channel open. ... No artist is pleased. [There is] no satisfaction whatever at any time. There is only a queer divine dissatisfaction, a blessed unrest that keeps us marching and makes us more alive than the others
Dave Zebian|You are a cosmic traveler; your body is temporary, but its essence is eternal...
Barbara Sher, Refuse to Choose!: Use All of Your Interests, Passions, and Hobbies to Create the Life and Career of Your Dreams|Since then I’ve come to believe you don’t always have to use things you love, and it’s not always so practical to be so practical. Now that I’ve grown up, I realize that all that delicious dilettantism pays its way as much as any degree in medicine or engineering, by making me remember every day—whenever I pick up a book or watch the Science Channel or try to read a map of Asia for no particular reason—that life is amazing and there is no end to the wonder of it.
John F. Kennedy|Without alienation, there can be no politics.
Michele Young-Stone, Above Us Only Sky|Sometimes life is like this Ferris wheel. Even when everything seems wrong, the sky is black, it's starting to rain, and some lady throws up on you, the wheel will keep right on turning to spite you." (the Old Man)
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|Even more than the time when she gave birth, a mother feels her greatest joy when she hears others refer to her son as a wise learned one.
Felicity Brandon, Submission at The Tower: The Depths of Desire|Billionaires’ Indulgence Is A Heart-Stopping, Mind-Blowing And Jaw-Dropping Ménage Romance Series.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|He would give up his wings and heaven for her, a woman he loved but would never truly belong to him, a woman he could never keep. He’d fall and be banished from the only home he’d ever known, but he could never give her up. He’d keep her, enjoy her and love her as long as he could.
Yana Toboso|So what? You're another person, so of course you look different. What do you need to be ashamed for?
Jeanette Winterson|The light was as intense as a love affair. I was blinded, delighted, not just because it was warm and wonderful, but because nature measures nothing. Nobody needs this much sunlight. Nobody needs droughts, volcanoes, monsoons, tornadoes either, but we get them, because our world is as extravagant as a world can be. We are the ones obsessed by measurement. The world just pours it out.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|He that hath the steerage of my course,Direct my sail.
Rebecca McNutt|The government is an artificial creation, established by the people to defend everyone's equal right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And when the government does not fulfill that obligation, it is the right of the people, in the words of the Declaration of Independence, to 'alter or abolish' the government.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|To achieve something, action is needed; but thoughtful and calculated action is better.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in vain to try and stop a star from rising, even with a ladder.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Someday you will die, and until you know that, you're useless to me.
Mike Kalmbach, The Caldarian Conflict|A life's meaning comes not from the manner in which one dies, but in the manner in which one lives.
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|If forensic analysts confiscated your calendar and e-mail records and Web browsing history for the past six months, what would they conclude are your core priorities?
Sesan Kareem|There is always a worthy prize for DISCOVERY. Discover what you love doing, develop and deploy it and LIFE has new meanings everyday
C.S. Lewis|The hall is a place to wait in, a place from which to try the various doors, not a place to live in. For that purpose the worst of the rooms (whichever that may be) is, I think, preferable. It is true that some people may find they have to wait in the hall for a considerable time, while others feel certain almost at once which door they must knock at. I do not know why there is this difference, but I am sure God keeps no one waiting unless He sees that it is good for him to wait. When you do get into your room you will find that the long wait has done you some kind of good which you would not have had otherwise. But you must regard it as waiting, not as camping. You must keep on praying for light; and, of course, even in the hall, you must begin trying to obey the rules which are common to the whole house. And above all you must be asking which door is the true one; not which pleases you best by its paint and panelling. In plain language, the question should never be: 'Do I like that kind of service?' but 'Are these doctrines true: is holiness here? Does my conscience move me towards this? Is my reluctance to knock at this door due to my pride, or my mere taste, or my personal dislike of this particular door-keeper?'When you have reached your own room, be kind to those who have chosen different doors and to those who are still in the hall. If they are wrong they need your prayers all the more; and if there are your enemies, then you are under orders to pray for them. That is one of the rules common to the whole house.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|If you take any step, no matter how small it is, towards achieving your dreams then you will surely find the right path and reach the abundance that lies in store for you.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|When you are feeling sad and lonely because you are single, remember that there are a lot of people stuck in bad relationships who wish they could be in your shoes.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|The author reveals a cultural change that took place when clergy were paid based on a tax on the land's value rather than what it produced. This meant that, while parishioners could suffer through a terrible year, clergy would always have a comfortable one.
Nikki Rowe|Just dabbing pieces of my heart into things that make me shine, my little young simple life.
Angie karan|YOU are a signature to be dealt with and inspire, only when you move in to your authenticity.
Lisa Marie Presley|Every afternoon, I shut the door of my bedroom to write: Poetry was secret, dangerous, wicked and delicious.
John Ferling, Jefferson and Hamilton: The Rivalry That Forged a Nation|Liberalism is not fond of fun, or at least of many forms of fun that many people like.
Shaun Hick, The Army of Five Men|I have often believed the pen to be a needle, and ink to be a thread. Each story is an intricately woven tapestry and with each word I invariably sew a piece of myself into the page.
Clarence Darrow, Why I Am An Agnostic and Other Essays|The fear of God is not the beginning of wisdom. The fear of God is the death of wisdom. Skepticism and doubt lead to study and investigation, and investigation is the beginning of wisdom.
Lauren Martin|there is no such thing as shut doors, just ones that have yet to be opened!
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|The screws have brought all the revenge attacks on themselves. Most prisoners that have done some nasty damage in the system have come through the young offenders, where that was just a breeding ground for hatred from the screws point of view. They were famous for bullying and battering young, defenceless boys to the point of death, in some cases.
Harshit Walia|Truth is the old way. Truth dates back to the time when your word was your bond, and you didn't need papers in a language you couldn't understand to compel you to act honestly.
Larry Correia|There is a muse, but he’s not going to come fluttering down into your writing room and scatter creative fairy-dust all over your typewriter or computer station. He lives in the ground. He’s a basement guy. You have to descend to his level, and once you get down there you have to furnish an apartment for him to live in. You have to do all the grunt labor, in other words, while the muse sits and smokes cigars and admires his bowling trophies and pretends to ignore you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|True faith and suffering frequently go hand-in-hand . . .Living for Christ, walking in His way, will not be an easy path.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Ah, well,ʺ said Abe, idly studying his fingertips. ʺI have it on good authority thereʹs going to be a new ‘gateʹ opening up soon over on the south side of the wall."The truth dawned on me. ʺOh lord. Youʹre the one whoʹs been doling out C4.ʺʺYou make it sound so easy,ʺ he said with a frown. ʺThat stuffʹs hard to get a hold of.
Nelson Mandela|I love pizza. I want to marry it, but it would just be to eat her family at the wedding.
Abyrne Mostyn, The Dom's Diary|It was better with the subs than it was with the gold diggers or the hookers. These were real people, with real lives, real jobs, real hearts. It meant something when they submitted to my demands. It meant trust, and trust meant love. I got that--I mean, I understood that. And, oh, Lisa, how I needed that—but I didn’t know how to deal. I was too broken.
David Eddings, The Treasured One|It’s common knowledge that the "church" is nothing more than an invention of the priesthood designed to swindle the ordinary people of the empire out of just about everything they own.
Sunday Adelaja|The amazing, whole, overwhelming, abundant life is found, oddly, by letting go. By living a dangerous faith--the kind of faith that believes in a God who knows our hearts and loves us enough to take our breath away.
Larry Page|Your problem is how you are going to spend this one odd and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over people and circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.
Marshall Sahlins, Stone Age Economics|Storytelling awakens us to that which is real. Honest. . . . it transcends the individual. . . . Those things that are most personal are most general, and are, in turn, most trusted. Stories bind. . . . They are basic to who we are.A story composite personality which grows out of its community. It maintains a stability within that community, providing common knowledge as to how things are, how things should be -- knowledge based on experience. These stories become the conscience of the group. They belong to everyone.
Alan Furst|My wife would say I'm not romantic at all, but I would say that I'm the ultimate romancer because I write about... life being brilliant.
Elizabeth Berg, Range Of Motion|He wore a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up to the good place, and a heart-shaped leaf lay trapped in the hollow if his throat as though it were planned, though of course it was so perfect it couldn't have been planned.
Effie Crescent, Het Verloren Koninkrijk|So young and yet already carrying a great burden on her shoulders. Do not worry, my dear, I will make sure you can protect yourself and others. Because you are our hope … sweet, darling … Arima.
J.H. Trumble, Don't Let Me Go|I’ll never understand why some people can’t just let others live their lives, you know,” Danial said. “You don’t have to understand. You don’t have to agree. Just leave people alone. When I look at the moon and planets and stars, all that narrow-mindedness and hate seem so petty. The universe is such a big place. One hundred thousand light years just from one end of the Milky Way to the other. One hundred. Thousand. Light years. In the time it’s taken for light to travel from one end of our galaxy to the other, thousands of generations have passed. It really makes you realize how small we are, doesn’t it? How short our time on earth is.
Surgeo Bell|Here today, may be gone tomorrow! Never take anyone or nothing for granted! Be sure to count your blessing daily because tomorrow isn't promised.
David Lisak|This myth of meritocracy and equal opportunities encourages individualism over collective action, because when people believe this myth, they obviously see no need for protest movements around particular classes or identities, such as the Women's Movement or the Civil Rights workplace, education or in their personal lives, they are more likely to blame themselves, rather than sexism, racism, class oppression or homophobia; concepts which in current society are often seen as out of date. This type of blame even applies to experiences of actual violence or harassment with too many people believing that it is their fault if they are sexually harassed in the workplace or at school, abused by a partner or are a victim of sexual violence. Our society encourages this view, and in turn, that keeps people isolated and alone, rather than providing them the opportunity to get involved in collective struggles against such common experiences.
J.K. Rowling|Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and, therefore, the foundation of all invention and innovation. In its arguably most transformative and revelatory capacity, it is the power that enables us to empathize with humans whose experiences we have never shared.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The difference is that instead of turning the reality of your situation into an excuse, a “No Excuses” mindset turns it into a purpose that will propel your career and your life beyond its current state.
Cynthia Hand, The Last Time We Say Goodbye|Where are you?" I wheeze into the floor. "Where did you go?
Germany Kent|When God is ready for you to move, He will make your situation uncomfortable.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Where does it lead, this rockrose path?
Denton Welch, A Voice Through a Cloud|I can’t relate to your razzle-dazzle, your wish for voluptuous when my symphony is spanx.
Rob Liano|Love, above all things, is a commitment to your choice.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|I like to imagine that, on the day after my last, my library and I will crumble together, so that even when I am no more I'll still be with my books.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is all my own.
|Always live each day to the fullest, but don't forget to keep the future in mind.
David Sedaris, Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls|...we should be grateful for them because without our family—the ancestors we descend from, the cousins we see once a year, the loves our lives we see every day—life is pretty boring.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|When we fall in love with someone there's a moment when we take a picture of that person, an emotional snapshot, that we carry with us forever. If we're lucky, if we're very, very lucky, the person we fall in love with will always resemble that snapshot.
K. Ford K.|I was sixteen and my mother was about to throw me out of the house forever, for breaking a very big rule, even bigger than the forbidden books. The rule was not just No Sex, but definitely No Sex With Your Own Sex.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|Once she was gone, every memory was suddenly precious, even the bad ones, even the times I was irritated with her, or she was irritated with me. Then it seemed a luxury to be irritated.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|Envy is ignorance, Imitation is Suicide.
Stephen Richards|Rizal learned the right ideas at the wrong time, and for this he was shot.
Taylor Swift|I think who you are in school really sticks with you. I don't ever feel like the cool kid at the party, ever. It's like, 'Smile and be nice to everybody, because you were not invited to be here.'
Jim DeFede, The Day the World Came to Town: 9/11 in Gander, Newfoundland|They placed their lives on hold for a group of strangers and asked for nothing in return. They affirmed the basic goodness of man at a time when it was easy to doubt such humanity still existed. If the terrorists had hoped their attacks would reveal the weaknesses in western society, the events in Gander proved its strength.
Cassandra Clare, After the Bridge|I've spent so much time feeling ugly and being treated as ugly as a result. But I changed my attitude and said, “I’m beautiful because I love everybody as much as I can. I’m beautiful because I have wonderful friends. And I’m beautiful because I say I am. I’ve earned it, and I’m gonna be it.
Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider|If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.
Don DeLillo, Point Omega|The true life is not reducible to words spoken or written, not by anyone, ever.
Marco Rubio|I'm always rather nervous about how you talk about women who are active in politics, whether they want to be talked about as women or as politicians.
Stephen Dobyns, Best Words, Best Order: Essays on Poetry|Hesitancy is the surest destroyer of talent. One cannot be timorous and reticent, one must be original and loud. New metaphors, new rhythms, new expressions of emotion can only spring from unhindered gall. Nothing should interfere with that intuition--not the fear of appearing stupid, nor of offending somebody, nor jeopardizing publication, nor being trivial. The intuition must be as unhindered as a karate chop.
George Muller|However, anyone to whom this happens should not leave his room upon awakening, should speak to no-one, but remain alone and sober until everything comes back to him, and he recalls the dream.
Taylor Swift|Our relationship with Egypt is very, very important. And I would want them to remain an ally. I don't want to see that official status change.
Cristin Harber, Gambled|She giggled. Giggled. Her cheeks pinked, and goddamn, if this plane didn’t get to the gate and un-board them, he was going to pull the emergency hatch.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|One day he will leave, or die, or betray me like so many others have. One day, he will hurt me.
David H. Chilton|To deny the necessity or value of metaphysics is to assert a metaphysical principle, just as to say a religion must be without dogmas is to assert a dogma.
Peter Weiss, The Aesthetics of Resistance, Vol. 1|With the plundered people transferring their energies into relaxed and receptive thoughts, degradation and lust for power produced art.
Albert Einstein|The patriot volunteer, fighting for country and his rights, makes the most reliable soldier on earth.
Beatriz Williams, The Forgotten Room|I find a woman with brains enormously attractive and not threatening in the least. A pretty face is nice, too, but having somebody to converse with and share thoughts for thirty or forty years is very appealing to me.
Melia Keeton-Digby, The Heroines Club: A Mother-Daughter Empowerment Circle|These are burning times. And they call for Burning Women. Women embodied in their passion. Woman feeling in their bodies. Creative women. Courageous women. Women who have learned to run on a different power source to the world which is falling into flames around her. She has already disentangled herself from the wreckage of the patriarchal culture, so she will not be dazed, confused and disorientated by the systemic changes happening around her. Centred within herself, receptive to the Earth beyond her, she knows how to cultivate from the ashes, she knows how to find the embers to fuel the new fire.Burning Women arise.Our time is now.Our time has come.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|Lilith came to Longinus in the night, as she often did, and the darkness of the cave was filled with the lustful sounds of their passionate couplings. Afterwards, as he lay back with his eyes closed, she ran her cool fingers playfully across his chest and whispered honeyed words in his ear.
Pierre Salinger|If I want to work, I can. If I want to play golf, or ride my motorcycle, I can. But the rest of it is family. Sometimes you're not really needed by your family, but you're there. And my kids like to know I'm there.
Barbara Crooker|Later, when I was a new mother, I recognized her somewhat awestruck fascination with me. When you are fully immersed in the daily care and quirks and habits of a small, dependent child, an older kid who is articulate, civilized, and capable of moving around in the world without getting itself killed can seem as supernatural as a wizard.
Mohit.K.Misra|Being a poet one confronts the limitation of language, how can the spirit be revealed under any restrictions.
Sotero M Lopez II|Children are mirrors, tape recorders and copy cats. They show us who we REALLY are, repeat EVERYTHING we say and do exactly what we DO. So, smile and be on your best behavior.
Norman Vincent Peale|Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childish days; that can recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth; that can transport the sailor and the traveller, thousands of miles away, back to his own fire-side and his quiet home!
Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country|The human understanding is like a false mirror, which, receiving rays irregularly, distorts and discolors the nature of things by mingling its own nature.
C. JoyBell C.|People who say we are just preaching "extreme grace" must not understand how extremely gracious our Father is.
Indira Gandhi|At the end of the day, you are in control of your own happiness. Life is going to happen whether you overthink it, overstress it or not. Just experience life and be happy along the way. You can't control everything in your life, but you can control your happiness.
Sunday Adelaja|The Kingdom of God is about peace, love, joy and righteousness
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Then the bow orchestra began to play an apocalyptically beautiful canon, one of those pieces in which, surely, the composer simply transcribed what was given, and trembled in awe of the hand that was guiding him.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Would you like me to grovel with gratitude for bringing me here, High Lord?""Ah. The Suriel told you nothing important, did it?"That smile of his sparked something bold in my chest. "He also said that you liked being brushed, and if I'm a clever girl, I might train you with treats."Tamlin tipped his head to the sky and roared with laughter. Despite myself, I let out a quiet laugh. "I might die of surprise," Lucien said behind me. "You made a joke, Feyre."I turned to look at him with a cool smile. "You don't want to know what the Suriel said about you." I flicked my brows up, and Lucien lifted his hands in defeat."I'd pay good money to hear what the Suriel thinks of Lucien," Tamlin said.A cork popped, followed by the sounds of Lucien chugging the bottle's contents and chuckling with a muttered, "Brushed.
Michael Eisner|What I tell founders is not to sweat the business model too much at first. The most important task at first is to build something people want. If you don't do that, it won't matter how clever your business model is.
Rebecca Walker, Black White and Jewish|I don't trust the everyday: it is a mask, a sham. It gives the illusion of permanence, of an unshatterable calm, a placid surface; and yet underneath the pot is slowly coming to a boil.
Geoffrey Wood|In the end, I sold my soul." he had said, and Abby had replied "That wasn’t the end.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Those who want to learn, listen. Those who do not want to think, speak.
A. Antares|If somebody is terribly damaged, and has experienced great trauma as a child, so much so that a part of this child breaks off, so to speak, and never develops further than the incident and the only survival and coping skills available to that child at that time. Where does the responsibility lie? This man/child, woman/child is a sum of his/her experiences. Has the trauma stopped him/her from learning better ways or from wanting to learn better ways? Where does the conscience kick in? Where does the souls learning journey kick in? Are the fiend makers fiends of greater capacity than he, or is he less than their “monster made”? This is really serious stuff. What compulses and impulses this man/woman in this behaviour? Passed on behaviour patterns tend to worsen through the generations, unless a soul is born to them that has the capability to see beyond their levels of darkness, willing to forge a path into the light, using the experiences of suffering to enlighten and purify the way rather than the opposite.
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|I added pieces the same way I’d constructed my body, from the inside out: boy-cut panties first (lacy), bra (sheer), stockings (thigh high), knee-length leather skirt (black), lime green midriff-baring shirt (polyester). David leaned against the wall and watched this striptease-in-reverse with fabulously expressive eyebrows slowly climbing toward heaven, I finished it off with a pair of strappy lime green three-inch heels, something from the Manolo Blahnik spring collection that I’d seen two months ago in Vogue.He looked me over, blinked behind the glasses, and asked, “You’re done?”I took offense, “Yeah. You with the fashion police?”“I don’t think I’d pass the entrance exam.” The eyebrows didn’t come down. “I never knew you were so…”“Fashionable?”“Not really the word I was thinking.”I struck a pose and looked at him from under my supernaturally lustrous eyelashes. “Come on, you know it’s sexy.”“And that’s sort of my point.
Da Anunciação Marco|If you do not like how things are going, think in new ways, create new solutions and do not even think about giving up!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your friends are three and your enemies are three. Your friends are: your friend, the friend of your friend, and the enemy of your enemy. Your enemies are: your enemy, the enemy of your friend, and the friend of your enemy.
Russell M. Nelson|My mother was a medical records librarian and wonderful with us girls. She sewed a lot of our clothes - really glamorous, beautiful clothes - and I think that's part of why I was so successful when I went off to Paris; she'd made me all these wonderful clothes to take.
Hazel Gaynor, The Cottingley Secret|Yorkshire had none of the color I'd known in Cape Town- the vivid pinks and purples of the freesias and arum lilies in the flower sellers' baskets. Yorkshire had none of the fragrant floral perfume, or the tang of salt in the air from the ocean.
Cory Doctorow, Little Brother|Human relationships are rich and they're messy and they're demanding. And we clean them up with technology. Texting, email, posting, all of these things let us present the self as we want to be. We get to edit, and that means we get to delete, and that means we get to retouch, the face, the voice, the flesh, the body -- not too little, not too much, just right.
James Fenimore Cooper, The Last of the Mohicans|Every trail has its end, and every calamity brings its lesson!
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|If the sun is shining, stand in it- yes, yes, yes. Happy times are great, but happy times pass- they have to- because time passes. The pursuit of happiness is more elusive; it is life-long, and it is not goal-centred. What you are pursuing is meaning- a meaningful life... There are times when it will go so wrong that you will be barely alive, and times when you realise that being barely alive, on your own terms, is better than living a bloated half-life on someone else's terms.
Virginia Petrucci|I don't analyze beautiful. I sit in its presence and love the wholeness of it--the sweet and sad and raw and bright together.Poetry is that, the weaving of light-shadow. Making words from the unwordable.
Sinead O'Connor|I think that baseball as a whole, I am a huge romantic when it comes to the history and the stats and the numbers the stories behind it, so I would consider myself a pretty big fan.
Cate Blanchett|It's important to travel and move and have a continual set of experiences so you've got more to feed back into your work. For me, it's a natural thing.
Luke  Taylor, The Quiet Kill|He'd failed them, the swimming goldfish of his life's tiny existence whom he held so dear in his heart; he'd turned his muses into mistakes and no one knew the difference but him.
Michael Palin, Diaries 1969-1979: The Python Years|As I work in the afternoon on committing to paper some of my morning's thoughts, I find myself just about to close on the knotty question of whether or not I believe in God. In fact I am about to type, 'I do not believe in God', when the sky goes black as ink, there is a thunderclap and a huge crash of thunder and a downpour of epic proportions. I never do complete the sentence.
Maya Gold, Scheme Spirit|Cat's friends seemed like very sweet girls," Dad says."They were the bomb," I say fervently, and he looks back at me with raised eyebrows."'The bomb' is a good thing? Like 'sick'?"Duh," I reply, and Dad lets out a sigh."Thirteen-year-olds should come with subtitles," he says, turning onto our street.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|The big scandal around IG Farben this week is the unlucky subsidiary Spottbilligfilm AG, whose entire management are about to be purged for sending to OKW weapons procurement a design proposal for a new airborne ray which could turn whole populations, inside a ten-kilometer radius, stone blind. An IG review board caught the scheme in time. Poor Spottbilligfilm. It had slipped their collective mind what such a weapon would do to the dye market after the next war.
Julia Barkey|The noise around me blurs, and all I can focus on is his lips and breath and presence.
Alex Latimer, The Space Race|[America]'s higher education system is excellent, both in terms of quality and accessibility. Here anybody can go to college. Many countries simply can't accommodate many students. And by the way, most people who came here in the seventies came to get an education. They didn't wake up one morning and say, 'I'm going to America to be free.' they said, 'I'll go there to get an education.' That's an important distinction. It was only after they were here for a while that they fully appreciated the freedoms we enjoy here.
Christina Milian|Prosecutors say it would be next to impossible to get one teen to testify in court that another had slipped him or her a copied disc at lunchtime. And besides, isn't sharing music a time-honored part of teen friendship?
Christopher Hitchens|My idea of socialism is no state monopoly. There should be stress on the subjectivity of the human being. You need good material conditions, a high level of culture, much freedom and friendship. And it won't come today or tomorrow. It's a long and winding road
Lailah Gifty Akita|Ah, Lord God be merciful to us all!
Jenn McKinlay, Vanilla Beaned|Inside her head or out in the desert was the same, and the air inside her throat was very dry to keep from crying and her neck sore from forcing herself not to look down, not to look back.
M.C. Frank, Lose Me.|You're surprised at all the blood.He looks over at you, eyes wide, mouth dropping open, his face almost as white as his shirt.He's surprised, too.
L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle|Evil is never in a rush. It creeps up slowly. It doesn't hide, but confronts you in broad daylight. It gives decades of warnings, even centuries at times. Time is never the problem when you battle Evil. The problem is the will to fight it.
Florence Nightingale|I must strive to see only God in my friends, and God in my cats.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|The mechanism by which spirituality becomes passionate is metaphor. An ineffable God requires metaphor not only to be imagined but to be approached, exhorted, evaded, confronted, struggled with, and loved. Through metaphor, the vividness, intensity, and meaningfulness of ordinary experiences becomes the basis of a passionate spirituality. An ineffable God becomes vital through metaphor: The Supreme Being. The Prime Mover. The Creator. The Almighty. The Father. The King of Kings. Shepherd. Potter. Lawgiver. Judge. Mother. Lover. Breath. The vehicle by which we are moved in passionate spirituality is metaphor. The mechanism of such metaphor is bodily. It is a neural mechanism that recruits our abilities to perceive, to move, to feel, and to envision in the service not only of theoretical and philosophical thought, but of spiritual experience.
Iain M. Banks, The Player of Games|She's shed her skinsand plasma jeans, gets around in 2Kretro gear like the frock she wears today;a loose, white elegy to what's been lost.Already she's flowing back into herselfthe way a river flows to fill a creek bed.But some hard layer has washed awayand left her softer, more interested.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|Suppose that a great commotion arises in the street about something, let us say a lamp-post, which many influential persons desire to pull down. A grey-clad monk, who is the spirit of the Middle Ages, is approached upon the matter, and begins to say, in the arid manner of the Schoolmen, "Let us first of all consider, my brethren, the value of Light. If Light be in itself good--" At this point he is somewhat excusably knocked down. All the people make a rush for the lamp-post, the lamp-post is down in ten minutes, and they go about congratulating each other on their unmediaeval practicality. But as things go on they do not work out so easily. Some people have pulled the lamp-post down because they wanted the electric light; some because they wanted old iron; some because they wanted darkness, because their deeds were evil. Some thought it not enough of a lamp-post, some too much; some acted because they wanted to smash municipal machinery; some because they wanted to smash something. And there is war in the night, no man knowing whom he strikes. So, gradually and inevitably, to-day, to-morrow, or the next day, there comes back the conviction that the monk was right after all, and that all depends on what is the philosophy of Light. Only what we might have discussed under the gas-lamp, we now must discuss in the dark.
Marissa Clarke, Sleeping with the Boss|You need to have a work with your friend, seriously, she just grabbed my dick!' He whisper yelled at me
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|I love working with my hands. My writing is rough, my paper bruised with ink stains.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I loved you without knowing it, and I looked for your memory.In empty houses I entered with a lantern to steal your portrait
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|Violent revolution fails because it is not revolutionary enough. It changes the rulers but not the rules, the ends but not the means. Most of the old androcratic values and delusional assumptions remain intact.
Elizabeth Peters|Reputable scholars might have denied its authenticity, but there are always other scholars who disagree--and people will believe what they want to believe, never mind the evidence. If there is anything life has taught me, it is that there is no idea so absurd that someone will not accept it as truth, and no action so bizarre that it will not be justified in the eyes of a true believer.
Peter Berger|In my early teens, [my grandfather] would sometimes stomp around his living room, where he used to shave towards mid-day with bowl, brush and open razor, deriding my ignorance and mocking the made-up discipline of sociology, which I at one stage claimed to be studying. 'What is sociology?' he roared derisively, twisting and rolling the silly word on his Hampshire tongue. I knew, alas, that he was quite right.
Leila Howland, Nantucket Blue|Without a best friend to tell stories to, it almost didn't matter if they even happened.
Tom Holland|I think you have to be cool to be a good flirt, and I don't think I'm very cool.
Phillips Brooks|Since I don't look like every other girl, it takes a while to be okay with that. To be different. But different is good.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|I'm an adventurer, looking for treasure
Ralph Waldo Emerson|He in whom the love of repose predominates will accept the first creed, the first philosophy, the first political party he meets — most likely his father's. He gets rest, commodity, and reputation; but he shuts the door of truth.
Debasish Mridha|When we learn to enjoy success as well as failure, we will be eternally happy and joyful for sure.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A man cannot understand hunger, until he has swum in the depths of hunger
Lee Child|If I like a food, I'll eat it, even if I know it's not good for me.
Calvin W. Allison, A Sunset Rising|I pray that the Holy Spirit puts His Words in my mouth, His movement in my heart and His direction in my path.
Cindy Gerard, Into the Dark|Amy sat back and grinned. "You just smiled." That was definitely something else she could get used to.Of course, he frowned immediately. "I smile.
George Mikes, How to Be an Alien: A Handbook for Beginners and Advanced Pupils|Q. Why don't the British panic?A. They do, but very quietly. It is impossible for the naked eye to tell their panic from their ecstasy.
Solomon Burke|A girl came up to me in a bar and said she wanted to be my apple pie. I wish I'd said something cool, but I was stunned.
Socrates|The world says: "You have needs -- satisfy them. You have as much right as the rich and the mighty. Don't hesitate to satisfy your needs; indeed, expand your needs and demand more." This is the worldly doctrine of today. And they believe that this is freedom. The result for the rich is isolation and suicide, for the poor, envy and murder.
Dennis Garvin, Case Files of an Angel|He is the Creator and the sustainer of all things. He is the unchanging, self-existent God, and that means that He depends on nobody. He is neither helped by our faith nor hindered by our unbelief.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|The Rooster Coop was doing its work. Servants have to keep other servants from becoming innovators, experimenters or entrepreneurs. The coop is guarded from the inside.
Debasish Mridha|With the wind of love, let your heart dance like a flower.
Janet Reno|I love to watch the movement of light on water, and I love to play in rivers and lakes, swimming or canoeing. I am fascinated by people who work with water - fishermen, boatmen - and by a way of life that is dominated by water.
M.B. Dallocchio|At first glance it seems strange that the attitude of the anti-Semite can be equated with that of the negrophobe. It was my philosophy teacher from the Antilles who reminded me one day: “When you hear someone insulting the Jews pay attention; he is talking about you.” And I believed at the time he was universally right, meaning that I was responsible in my body and my soul for the fate reserved for my brother. Since then, I have understood that what he meant quite simply was the anti-Semite is inevitably a negrophobe.
M. J. Rose|Nothing is more important to national security and the making and conduct of good policy than timely, accurate, and relevant intelligence. Nothing is more critical to accurate and relevant intelligence than independent analysis.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Ultimately, nobody can get more out of things, including books, than he already knows.
George Ayittey|I mean, Emily Harris was his wife. And she seemed to resent his leadership, but on the other hand, she felt like a good soldier, that he had to be the leader.
Emma Rose Kraus, A Blue One|When they turned off, it was still early in the pink and green fields. The fumes of morning, sweet and bitter, sprang up where they walked. The insects ticked softly, their strength in reserve; butterflies chopped the air, going to the east, and the birds flew carelessly and sang by fits.They went down again and soon the smell of the river spread over the woods, cool and secret. Every step they took among the great walls of vines and among the passion-flowers started up a little life, a little flight.'We’re walking along in the changing-time,' said Doc. 'Any day now the change will come. It’s going to turn from hot to cold, and we can kill the hog that’s ripe and have fresh meat to eat. Come one of these nights and we can wander down here and tree a nice possum. Old Jack Frost will be pinching things up. Old Mr. Winter will be standing in the door. Hickory tree there will be yellow. Sweet-gum red, hickory yellow, dogwood red, sycamore yellow.' He went along rapping the tree trunks with his knuckle. 'Magnolia and live-oak never die. Remember that. Persimmons will all get fit to eat, and the nuts will be dropping like rain all through the woods here. And run, little quail, run, for we’ll be after you too.'They went on and suddenly the woods opened upon light, and they had reached the river. Everyone stopped, but Doc talked on ahead as though nothing had happened. 'Only today,' he said, 'today, in October sun, it’s all gold—sky and tree and water. Everything just before it changes looks to be made of gold.'("The Wide Net")
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|each year, she finds her friendships less volatile and easier, because she increasingly succeeds at looking past their flaws and disappointments and homing in on their pleasures and on what set them in motion to begin with. And she wonders why she didn’t do that sooner, why she gave in to so much fury and sorrow when she could have just let those emotions go.
Santosh Kalwar|There is nothing to writing, all you have to do is, sit on the computer and bleed your thoughts.
James Madison|Justice is the end of government. It is the end of civil society. It ever has been and ever will be pursued until it be obtained, or until liberty be lost in the pursuit.
John C. Calhoun|In life we shall find many men that are great, and some that are good, but very few men that are both great and good.
Madhavi Sood|Dare to DreamYes, if you can dare to dream.Surely you can catch the sunlight's beam.While all else seems to fail.Truth shall forever prevail.(Copyright excerpts from the poem and published poetry book 'From the Silence Within
H.L. Mencken, Treatise on the Gods|The perpetrator is a person. He’s got blood flowing in his or her veins. Does it matter if he or she is Black or White? What does it count if the perpetrator is Christian, Muslim, Jew, Buddhist or what have you? Does the person’s sexuality matter? Does it matter if the villain is Conservative or Lib Dem?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Happy soul, happy life.
Jason Fried|When I wake up in the morning, I just go.
MaryJanice Davidson, Undead and Unpopular|You took a bath without me?"I smiled to myself at the accusation in his voice.
Robert H. Barlow|Look tonight at the stars. Let them overwhelm you in the postures of their bright dance. Face the vastness which they dot like silver bees, and sound with your own brain the mystery, hazarding at the inscrutable plan of things.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Sigmund Freud once asserted, "Let one attempt to expose a number of the most diverse people uniformly to hunger. With the increase of the imperative urge of hunger all individual differences will blur, and in their stead will appear the uniform expression of the one unstilled urge." Thank heaven, Sigmund Freud was spared knowing the concentration camps from the inside. His subjects lay on a couch designed in the plush style of Victorian culture, not in the filth of Auschwitz. There, the "individual differences" did not "blur" but, on the contrary, people became more different; people unmasked themselves, both the swine and the saints.
Munia Khan|Our miseries are inseparable, so is our every single blessing.
|God believes in the reality of your dreams, and so do I. But the question is, do you strongly believe in your abilities?
Robert H. Schuller|Atheists well understand that Christmas is the most visible display of religion in the world, and that any diminishment of it is a good thing to militant secularists.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|We become neighbors when we are willing to cross the road for one another. (...) There is a lot of road crossing to do. We are all very busy in our own circles. We have our own people to go to and our own affairs to take care of. But if we could cross the road once in a while and pay attention to what is happening on the other side, we might indeed become neighbors.
Melody Carlson, The Christmas Shoppe|New life, new hope, new joy will start when this is given from the heart.
Jay Samit|Intemperance and intolerance serve no one, and hatred guarantees failure.
Sam Harris, Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality Without Religion|Slow down. The Taliban were religious, in the sense that in their opinion a being called Allah really designed and created the world and everything in it, including them. They were also a cultus in that they believed that you should pray five times a day, study the Koran, fast during Ramadan, give a tenth of your income to the poor and visit Mecca at least once in your lifetime. It is a matter of record that they had the ancient statues at Bamyan destroyed. But Professor, who put up the statues? Buddhist monks, that's who. Possibly the monks were not religious, in the sense that they didn't believe in a designer-God but they were certainly part of a cultus and they had lots and lots of supernatural beliefs which you would think were Bad Things. So what you should have said is "Imagine no Taliban to blow up ancient statues. Imagine no ancient statues for the Taliban to blow up." This is absolutely emblematic of your confused attitude. When a religious organisation does something which annoys you, you take it for granted that it was Caused By Religion. But when a religious organisation does something which you quite like you don't think that "religion" had anything to do with it. You hardly spot that there was any religion involved at all.
Elie Wiesel, Night|The world? The world is not interested in us. Today, everything is possible, even the crematoria...
Thiruman Archunan|Everything is as real as nothing, whatever way the nothing itself is defined.
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|These are the dilemmas for cancer patients. Who and what to believe? A particular treatment is not foolproof, or as many medical experts remind us, is not math, with a fixed and certain outcome.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|I survived, but it's not a happy ending.
Alexander McCall Smith, At the Reunion Buffet|Can you forgive her? Can you do that?There was no response.Because if you can start to forgive, then it will become easier.And?And then you will be able to forgive yourself—and ask others to forgive you.
Lucian of Samosata, Satirical Sketches|I've always felt I deserved a wider audience, so thank you for reading this.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|I am God, la de dah.
Shay Leigh, Sins Within|I want to show my sins withinTo help make me sinless, once again"What I Want
C.S. Goto|And so even the righteous heart is besieged by the blinding light of false knowledge. Falsity is like an ocean that presses around solitary moments of truth, treatening to overwhelm or blind the seekers of knowledge, to eradicate them in an instant of self-deceiving brilliance.Knowledge is power; it guards our souls - guard it well.
John Dorney, Doctor Who: The Fourth Doctor Boxset|Shakespeare said, 'the robbed that smiles steals something from the thief.
Mav Skye, Behind the Black Door|An Undergrounder is one who comes back after he’s or she’s—you know, under the ground.” Daniel’s green eyes flared again. “That isn’t supposed to happen.” Sir Sun nodded in agreement. “Most certainly not.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever is content, shall be cheerful.
Simone de Beauvoir|One of the main lessons I have learned during my five years as Secretary-General is that broad partnerships are the key to solving broad challenges. When governments, the United Nations, businesses, philanthropies and civil society work hand-in-hand, we can achieve great things.
Orhan Pamuk|The 1935 Social Security Act established 65 as the age of eligibility for payouts. But welfare state politics quickly becomes a bidding war, enriching the menu of benefits, so in 1956 Congress entitled women to collect benefits at 62, extending the entitlement to men in 1961.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|The Oracle at Delphi contained three maxims emblematic of Greek life. "Know yourself." "Nothing in excess." and, "Offer a guarantee and disaster threatens.
Matt Perman, What's Best Next: How the Gospel Transforms the Way You Get Things Done|We feel unfulfilled when there is a gap between what is most important to us, the realm of personal leadership, and what we are actually doing with our time, the realm of personal management. You are satisfied with your day when there is a match between what you value and how you spend your time.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The law of attraction is synonymous to the law of sacrifice, in which you get in return what you are decisively choose to give up. The universe in all her infinity beauty generously opens up gates that you had no idea existed when you close others, but she requires you to walk through the gates solely on your own will and strength, with the other doors that you have left behind often times being forever locked and eternally inaccessible.
Ansel Adams|For my generation, the bomber jacket is like a replacement for the suit jacket. It's a piece that men wear every day, and it's something that I would wear for any occasion, whether it's on the street or going to an awards ceremony.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|Break my heart, he said. "Break it in pieces. I give you my permission.
Nicki Minaj|Judge me if you want to. And as a matter of fact, it won't even count, 'cause the only person who can judge is God.
Jean-Francois Lyotard|The only good is knowledge, and the only evil is ignorance.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|He might not be here, but the day he misses an opportunity to party is the day Jocelyn Wildenstein is considered the paragon of beauty.
Björk|I never really understood the word ‘loneliness’. As far as I was concerned, I was in an orgy with the sky and the ocean, and with nature.
Marie Lu, Life Before Legend: Stories of the Criminal and the Prodigy|Your strengths might make you hard to approach, and might make your words sound uglier than what you actually mean, but they also make people look up to you.
John H. Alexander|Storytellers seldom let facts get in the way of perpetuating a legend, although a few facts add seasoning and make the legend more believable.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Love is a dangerous thing. It comes in disguise to change our life... Lust is the deceiver. Lust wrenches our lives until nothing matters except the one we think we love, and under that deceptive spell we kill for them, give all for them, and then, when we have what we have wanted, we discover that it is all an illusion and nothing is there. Lust is a voyage to nowhere, to an empty land, but some men just love such voyages and never care about the destination. Love is a voyage too, a voyage with no destination except death, but a voyage of bliss.
Stephen King, The Stand|Thank you, Men, for the railroads. Thank you, Men, for inventing the automobile and killing the red Indians who thought it might be nice to hold on to America for a while longer, since they were here first. Thank you, Men, for the hospitals, the police, the schools. Now I'd like to vote, please, and have the right to set my own course and make my own destiny. Ince I was chattel, but now that is obsolete. My days of slavery must be over; I need to be a slave no more than I need to cross the Atlantic Ocean in a tiny boat with sails. Jet planes are safer and quicker than little boats with sails and freedom makes more sense than slavery. I am not afraid of flying. Thank you, Men.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Personal essay writing that incites the mind and instigates personal growth involves examination and re-examination, a process of noticing and reflecting upon what a person perceives. Essayistic writing is an osmotic process wherein a person intuitively absorbs information and ideas, allows inchoate thoughts to gestate in the unconscious mind, and then consciously places the emergent strands of language and logic into an orderly and expressive format.
Gary Thorp, Sweeping Changes:  Discovering the Joy of Zen in Everyday Tasks|Home is where the heart is, home is where the fart is.Come let us fart in the home.There is no art in a fart.Still a fart may not be artless.Let us fart and artless fart in the home.
Parker Stevenson|I went to college at the University of Kansas, where I got a degree in political science.
Tamora Pierce|I got my first big paycheck for 'My Best Friend's Wedding.' This was in the days when you actually did get paid to have a supporting role. It just doesn't happen like that anymore, but this was in the '90s. It was the golden age!
Marshall McLuhan|We become what we behold. We shape our tools, and thereafter our tools shape us.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|When we face our fear of death and slow down our busy lives, we come to realize our relationships are precious, a part of life’s foundation. Knowing this fact helps us to understand that death’s true purpose is to teach us how to live.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Yes, Harry Potter!” said Dobby at once, his great eyes shining with excitement. “And if Dobby does it wrong, Dobby will throw himself off the topmost tower, Harry Potter!”“There won’t be any need for that,” said Harry hastily.
Nicole Blackman, Blood Sugar|The ambitions are wake up, breathe, keep breathing.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|So if you understand that where there is a search for pleasure there must be pain, live that way if you want to, but don't just slip into it. If you want to end pleasure, though, which is to end pain, you must be totally attentive to the whole structure of pleasure - not cut it out as monks and sannyasis do, never looking at a woman because they think it is a sin and thereby destroying the vitality of their understanding - but seeing the whole meaning and significance of pleasure. Then you will have tremendous joy in life. You cannot think about joy. Joy is an immediate thing and by thinking about it, you turn it into pleasure. Living in the present is the instant perception of beauty and the great delight in it without seeking pleasure from it.
Greg Egan|It's just one thing after another. Cars that won't run. Planes that will never fly again. Computer systems we can barely use, let alone re-create. It's like...time is flowing backward. We're caveman archeologists in the ruins of the future.
Ruth Reichl, Delicious!|A drop of rain can revive the earth, be the drop
Neil Gaiman, Norse Mythology|It occurred to me almost constantly in the South that had I lived there I would have been an eccentric and full of anger, and I wondered what form the anger would have taken. Would I have taken up causes, or would I have simply knifed somebody?
Nalini Singh, Shield of Winter|The growth of intimacy will teach us how to love—both ourselves and the other person. If we will allow ourselves to practice the skills of intimacy, we will learn to love. Boundaries protect love and intimacy. Certain behaviors support the integrity of intimacy. Other behaviors, harm, disrupt, or reverse, intimacy. By using skills that promote intimacy, boundaries are created that protect the relationship.
Philip Rieff, The Triumph of the Therapeutic: Uses of Faith after Freud|Psychological man may be going nowhere, but he aims to achieve a certain speed and certainty in going. Like his predecessor, the man of the market economy, he understands morality as that which is conducive to increased activity. The important thing is to keep going.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|The man who has dedicated himself to the success of the protect, the master builder, no longer has any freedom: his conduct is now determined altogether by the constraining force of the end. Logically, therefore, he is bound to require at every moment from his companions whatever will best serve that end, and he demands of them imperiously whatever he thinks is of that nature. This imperiousness, though to immediate view that of the master, springs ultimately from the project itself, for it is the project which is in command. In the eyes of those under him, however, it is the master who hustles them, and they think him inhuman by reason of his disregard of their moods and personalities and his inability to see them other than as servants of the project (like himself).
Georgette Heyer, The Talisman Ring|Mr. Monogamy doesn’t find my shenanigans funny? Oh thank god, if you did I’d have to chuck it all and join a monastery.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|We are all the judges and the judged, victims of the casual malice and fantasy of others, and ready sources of fantasy and malice in our turn. And if we are sometimes accused of sins of which we are innocent, are there not also other sins of which we are guilty and of which the world knows nothing?
Charles Duhigg|When you start learning how to give when you're young, when you get older it is second nature. Just like stealing. Start young and you keep on stealing forever. Ask my politicians.
Jean Shinoda Bolen|Memoria selectiva para recordar lo bueno, prudencia logica para no arruinar el presente y optimismo desafiante para encarar al futuro.
Terry Spear, Dragon Fae|Ena wore black because she knew it could stir panic in the hearts of mankind. Black gave the impression of power and authority. Could anyone imagine how Ena could strike terror in the hearts of any person if she was wearing... pink, for instance? Or sunshiny yellow?
Cynthia Hand, The Last Time We Say Goodbye|Quick decisions made in anger, usually end in regret.
Malcolm X|Weddings have logic, but Marriages have emotions
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|Both my parents are therapists, which means that I am really goddamned well adjusted.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|And all these things she always counted on to revisit, they made up a map, the map of a true home. It was the only place where she felt she had an identity and a history behind her.
Jim Benton, Okay, So Maybe I Do Have Superpowers|I had the great idea of using markers to gently color the ants so I could tell them apart, but I learned that this is exactly like somebody trying to gently color on you with a thirty-story building. Without dwelling on the tragedy, I'd just like to say that I'm deeply sorry to Mr. Purple and the surviving Purple family.
Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway|All I wanted was what I'd already had. That exultation, that love. It was my one real home; I was a visitor everywhere else.
Andre Dubus, Dancing After Hours|What cracks had he left in their hearts? Did they love less now and settle for less in return, as they held onto parts of themselves they did not want to give and lose again? Or - and he wished this - did they love more fully because they had survived pain, so no longer feared it?
Colson Whitehead, The Colossus of New York|I looked up at the ivory towers above us all. Nowhere else equals the feral design of this city. Tall skyscrapers that act as gorges hollowing out between flat cement dancing into narrow alleyways like bottomless pits. Building walls rusted the color of blood. Sometimes when you look down the horizon from afar the city looks wider than it is, like a thin field of magical lights gleaming with the hopes of children and idealists; a light on at midnight in one of the penthouses or the changing hues of the Empire State Building. Most of the time though, the city is covered with a layer of honking cars and greed, sirens and the war cry of solicitors, all full of brambles and impenetrable conscience; garbage, steaming manholes, and heat waves twirling smog and pollution through your lungs like mirages as you walk breathlessly through a boiling desert.
John Dryden|Prosperity suits some people, and they blossom best in a glow of sunshine; others need the shade, and are the sweeter for a touch of frost.
Sakin Maharjan|Sketch what you got, it will determine what you will be.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Father Time|The future starts within a second from now.The past was, within a second ago.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|I attempted briefly to consecrate myself in the public library, believing every crack in my soul could be chinked with a book.
Stephen King, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption: A Story from Different Seasons|Anyway, as the old barrelhouse song says, My God, how the money rolled in. Norton must have subscribed to the old Puritan notion that the best way to figure out which folks God favours is by checking their bank acounts.
Alan Heathcock, Volt|Thomas! What are you doing!" and I gestured, "I thought this was Nothing," covering myself with one of my daybooks ,and she said, "It's Something!
Helen Fisher|You can get into a very fancy car and know everything about the engine, but when you drive in that car, you feel that rush. In the same way, I think the more you know about love, the more you can enjoy it. And knowing about your personality type, who you are and what kind of person you're dealing with gives you a great leg up.
Alistair MacLean, Where Eagles Dare|This won't look so good in my obituary," Schaffer said dolefully. There was a perceptible edge of strain under the lightly-spoken words."Gave his life for his country in a ladies' lavatory in Upper Bavaria.
Gypsie M. Holley|I don't have time is the worst possible excuse for I'd rather be doing something else. You MAKE time! Whether it be family, friends or an activity, like reading it's all in what you WANT to do. The heartbreaking moment is when you have extended time & devotion sometimes years with someone you knew to be worthy who can return it & they CHOOSE not to.
Roman Payne|May a man live well-, and long-enough, to leave many joyful widows behind him.
Stephen Rodrick|I never wanted to do biography just to tell the life of a famous man. I always wanted to use the life of a man to examine political power, because democracy shapes our lives.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You can conquer any mountain with faith, hope and courage.
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|As for her, I'd forgotten her for the moment. So I shall never understand why, suddenly, bewilderingly, I was certain that everything I had imagined to be truth was false. False. Only the magic and the dream are true—all the rest's a lie. Let it go. Here is the secret. Here.
Alice Walker|Anyone who starts piercing the bubble of happiness, get 'em out of your life.
Chinese Proverb|Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
QUEER AS FOLK|Audiences = expectations. If he thinks you're not watching, he won't need to rebel against your expectations.
Sue Ziang, Young Mind Young Body: Transformational Approach to Rejuvenating Youth and Vitality|When life's surface reality seems to get too challenging and you can't think your way out of your reality, quit thinking. Simply drop into the space between thoughts where your unlimited potentiality resides.
Adam Fenner|If everyone loves you, maybe you don't need so many tanks.
Joyee Flynn, A Very Marius Christmas|I just want to see you come apart."I wanted to tell her that she was witnessing it now, and in all honesty she'd been watching it happen for weeks.
Auliq Ice|You are so much more than you are willing to accept, child.
Yahtzee Croshaw|There's something terribly weird about the standard fantasy setting--not least of which the fact the phrase "standard fantasy setting" can be uttered without irony.
Tom Wolfe|You can't do anything to be funny. That's cringeworthy. If your humor comes out of a place of love every time, you don't make the joke bigger than you. The funniest comedians are in touch with their emotional level.
Jonathan Franzen, Farther Away|Love is about bottomless empathy, born out of the heart’s revelation that another person is every bit as real as you are. And this is why love, as I understand it, is always specific. Trying to love all of humanity may be a worthy endeavor, but, in a funny way, it keeps the focus on the self, on the self’s own moral or spiritual well-being. Whereas, to love a specific person, and to identify with his or her struggles and joys as if they were your own, you have to surrender some of your self.
Erin McCarthy, Full Throttle|You're not asleep, and you're not dead. I'm here, and I love you. I have always loved you, and I will always love you. I was thinking of you, seeing your face in my mind, every second that I was away. When I told you I didn't want you, it was the very blackest kind of blasphemy.
Cindy Gerard, To the Brink|And for a moment there, despite the bruising, despite the snarled dirty hair, despite her sunburned skin and the suffering in her eyes that she refused to let defeat her, she was one of the prettiest things he'd ever seen.~Dallas and Amy~
Frank Luntz, Win: The Key Principles to Take Your Business from Ordinary to Extraordinary|Each death laid a dreadful charge of complicity on the living; each death was incongenerous, its guilt irreducible, its sadness immortal; a bracelet of bright hair about the bone.
Corey Taylor|The star thing I can live with. The music I can't live without. And that's how it lays out for me, you know. I got as big an ego and enjoy the attention.
Anne Calhoun, Under the Surface|Fayez whistled low. “That is not dead which can eternal lie. Or, y’know, whatever.
Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other|She stretched, pulling out her earbuds, which apparently in Lykae was code for 'Interogate me,' because the questions, they came a-calling.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in things with which it ought not to meddle, it practises a social tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression...
Rebecca Solnit, The Mother of All Questions|Remember, thy own shadow isn't far from thyself; in reality, it always follows thee, even in complete darkness (and in silence).
Vironika Tugaleva|At the end of the day, we all crawl, exhausted, to some doorstep. Some crawl to the doorstep of their new home, the one they have sought for miles without giving up their goal, exhausted by their determination. And others crawl to the doorstep of their prison, the one they have sought to escape, but gave up, exhausted by their determination. And we all enter our new home with a sigh of relief and put our feet up. Some rejoice. Others grow bitter. And yet, we are tired just the same.
Jesse Petersen|Mark Spitz had met plenty of the divine-retribution folks over the months. This was their moment; they were umbrella salesmen standing outside a subway entrance in a downpour. The human race deserved the plague, we brought it on ourselves for poisoning the planet, for the Death of God, the calculated brutalities of the global economic system, for driving primordial species to extinction: the entire collapse of values as evidenced by everything from nuclear fission to reality television to alternate side of the street parking. Mark Spitz could only endure these harangues for a minute or two before he split. It was boring.The plague was the plague. You were wearing galoshes, or you weren't.
Gena Showalter, Unraveled|No one could ever truly be free as long as they loved, and life wasn't worth living without love. So freedom? Overrated.
John Kerouac|The great man will come when all of us are feeling great, not when all of us are feeling small. He will ride in at some splendid moment when we all feel that we could do without him."We are then able to answer in some manner the question, "Why have we no great men?" We have no great men chiefly because we are always looking for them. We are connoisseurs of greatness, and connoisseurs can never be great; we are fastidious, that is, we are small."When Diogenes went about with a lantern looking for an honest man, I am afraid he had very little time to be honest himself And when anybody goes about on his hands and knees looking for a great man to worship, he is making sure that one man at any rate shall not be great."Now, the error of Diogenes is evident. The error of Diogenes lay in the fact that he omitted to notice that every man is both an honest man and a dishonest man. Diogenes looked for his honest man inside every crypt and cavern; but he never thought of looking inside the thief.
Joseph Sobran|In 1951 Dec 20th, Nehru, while campaigning for the first democratic elections in India, took a short break to address a UNESCO symposium in Delhi. Although he believed democracy was the best form of governance, while speaking at the symposium he wondered loud... the quality of men who are selected by these modern democratic methods of adult franchise gradually deteriorates because of lack of thinking and the noise of propaganda....He[the voter] reacts to sound and to the din, he reacts to repetition and he produces either a dictator or a dumb politician who is insensitive. Such a politician can stand all the din in the world and still remain standing on his two feet and, therefore, he gets selected in the end because the others have collapsed because of the din.-Quoted from India After Gandhi, page 157.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The great art of giving consists in this the gift should cost very little and yet be greatly coveted, so that it may be the more highly appreciated.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|Counting on each other became automatic. When I found a sweater in Texas I wanted, I learned to buy two, which was easier than seeing the look of disappointment on Caroline's face when I returned home with only one. When she went out from the boathouse on a windy day, she gave me her schedule in advance, which assuaged her worst-case scenario of flipping the boat, being hit on the head by an oar, and leaving Lucille stranded at home. I still have my set of keys to her house, to locks and doors that no longer exist, and I keep them in my glove compartment, where they have been moved from one car to another in the past couple of years. Someday I will throw them in the Charles, where I lost the seat to her boat and so much else.
Shawn Lukas|As a kid I never knew what I wanted to be when I grow up, but the only thing I knew was that I wanted to create things. And then I wanted to be an astronaut. I would paint stars and the atmosphere and then frame and hang the universe up on my bedroom wall. A few years down the line while I was still stargazing, I came to realize that I’m halfway around the world chasing something and the whole time it’s in my backyard. From the very beginning I was who I always wanted to be.
Paul Theroux, Dark Star Safari: Overland from Cairo to Cape Town|What I remembered most clearly about this Jinja road was that on portions of it, for reasons no one could explain, butterflies settled in long fluffy tracts. There might be eighty feet of road carpeted by white butterflies, so many of them that if you drove too fast your tires lost their grip, and some people lost their lives, skidding on butterflies.
Veda|The attitude that psychologists call inflation and the traditional lore of Cabalistic magic, borrowing a term from religion, calls spiritual pride is one of the most serious dangers of this work.Those who enter the path of magic with too great an appetite for flattery or too strong a need for ego reinforcement will very likely find these things, but they are also rather too likely to find fanaticism, megalomania and mental breakdown along the same route. The thing has happened far too often in the history of magic in the West.
Anthony Liccione|Believe me," he said simply.
Cassandra Clare|If love wants you; if you've been melted down to stars, you will love with lungs and gills; with feathers and scales; with warm blood and cold.
Eric    Weiner, The Geography of Genius: A Search for the World's Most Creative Places from Ancient Athens to Silicon Valley|Philosophy is like wine. There are good years and bad years but, in general, the older the better.
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|Even if the abuse happened years ago, writing about it and telling someone about it can make all the difference to how you feel inside. I can assure you that telling will help you feel better. It is never to late to tell your story and begin to heal your wounds. Find the right person to trust and tell.
John le Carre|It's necessary to understand what real intelligence work is. It will never cease. It's absolutely essential that we have it. At its best, it is simply the left arm of healthy governmental curiosity. It brings to a strong government what it needs to know. It's the collection of information, a journalistic job, if you will, but done in secret.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|When I got up this morning the sea was full of sun pennies - and now it all seems to be covered in lemon scrim. Writers ought to live far inland or next to the city dump, if they are ever to get any work one. Or perhaps they need to be stronger-minded than I am.
Curtis Stone|I'm Irish, so I'm used to odd stews. I can take it. Just throw a lot of carrots and onions in there and I'll call it dinner.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|People who suffer the most often inflict the most pain onto others. Compassion can be found through understanding this. When someone is internally suffering, sometimes the only reality they know is that of pain and thus their only knowledge is how to be a victim or an abuser. That’s all they are able to communicate. Holding onto the thorn of resentment does not help them or you, but fostering compassion and forgiveness will.
Henry Cloud|I believe that the will of the people is resolved by a strong leadership. Even in a democratic society, events depend on a strong leadership with a strong power of persuasion, and not on the opinion of the masses.
Christopher Hitchens|That war [Bosnian war] in the early 1990s changed a lot for me. I never thought I would see, in Europe, a full-dress reprise of internment camps, the mass murder of civilians, the reinstiutution of torture and rape as acts of policy. And I didn't expect so many of my comrades to be indifferent - or even take the side of the fascists. It was a time when many people on the left were saying 'Don't intervene, we'll only make things worse' or, 'Don't intervene, it might destabilise the region. And I thought - destabilisation of fascist regimes is a good thing. Why should the left care about the stability of undemocratic regimes? Wasn't it a good thing to destabilise the regime of General Franco? It was a time when the left was mostly taking the conservative, status quo position - leave the Balkans alone, leave Milosevic alone, do nothing. And that kind of conservatism can easily mutate into actual support for the aggressors. Weimar-style conservatism can easily mutate into National Socialism. So you had people like Noam Chomsky's co-author Ed Herman go from saying 'Do nothing in the Balkans', to actually supporting Milosevic, the most reactionary force in the region. That's when I began to first find myself on the same side as the neocons. I was signing petitions in favour of action in Bosnia, and I would look down the list of names and I kept finding, there's Richard Perle. There's Paul Wolfowitz. That seemed interesting to me. These people were saying that we had to act. Before, I had avoided them like the plague, especially because of what they said about General Sharon and about Nicaragua. But nobody could say they were interested in oil in the Balkans, or in strategic needs, and the people who tried to say that - like Chomsky - looked ridiculous. So now I was interested.
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|If Kumar had his way they would leave for Fiji every year just before Thanksgiving and not return until the New Year rang in and the decorations came down. They would swim with the fishes and lie on the beach eating papaya. On the years they were tired of Fiji they would go to Bali or Sydney or any sunny, sandy place whose name contained an equal number of consonants and vowels.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|The biggest mistake people make in life is trying to be someone else. They never find themselves, so they never love themselves. Instead they find somebody else who they like a lot and try to be them.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|She sat back, eyeing the flames now leaping upward to lick at the wooden beams of the ceiling. "If this fire gets out of hand, or if the guards take too long to come, you and I may be in a lot of trouble.""We are already in a lot of trouble.""That was my reasoning, too. Of course, if that happens and the fire gets too big before the mighty citizens of Ringhmon stop it, it'll also gut this little palace and destroy everything inside it. Including the enormously expensive Model Six that I just fixed, which they'll be responsible for paying fo, and probably the other Model Six that they openly own." She shrugged, trying to appear unworried. "That'll teach them to kidnap me. But that won't happen. We'll be fine.""You say that and yet you are frightened.""Yes, I'm frightened! I admit it! Happy? No, wait, Mages are never happy. Just try not to die, all right? I don't want that to be my fault."Alain thought through her words. "I will attempt not to die. Your plan appears to be sound, as well as potentially very destructive. I see that it is a mistake to offend you.
Dada Bhagwan|One becomes all encompassing (sarvasva, the work is completed), when one can see the world as completely faultless (nirdosh).
Sunday Adelaja|After you discover your purpose, you have to build a platform for your calling
John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress|I fell away from you, my God, and I went astray, too far astray from you, the support of my youth, and I became to myself a land of want.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|He liked to get off by himself, a mile or so from camp, and listen to the country, not the men.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Where did you live before you came here?" I asked. "The moon," he said smoothly. "We left because the place had no atmosphere.
Lisa Lutz|Bruce Lee was very famous. I watched his movies and he is amazing. He is a martial arts master, his philosophy, his movement, both physically and mentally, were very strong.
Kathryn Bigelow|When I was little, I grew up in a place called Hertfordshire, which is just near London, but out in the country, and I visited Pakistan in the summers to go and see my family on my dad's side.
Lyanda Lynn Haupt, Crow Planet: Essential Wisdom from the Urban Wilderness|The schedules are crammed with shows urging us to travel further, drive faster, build bigger, buy more, yet none of them are deemed to offend the rules, which really means that they don't offend the interests of business or the pampered sensibilities of the Aga class. The media, driven by fear and advertising, are hopelessly biased towards the consumer economy and against the biosphere.
Lilith Saintcrow, Strange Angels|At one time, the treatment for a certain kind of psychosis had been to push an ice pick up through the orbit of the eye, into the frontal lobe; the ice pick was then stirred around until it reduced the problematic brain tissue to non-functioning porridge.
Martin Puryear|We need to take command of the solar system to gain that wealth, and to escape the sea of paper our government is becoming, and for some decent chance of stopping a Dinosaur Killer asteroid.
Robert Penn Warren, The Legacy of the Civil War|The struggle for power conducted along logical lines is much more likely to occur in smoke-filled rooms than at the polls. The party system is a grid, a filter, a meat chopper, through which issues are processed for the consuming public. The Civil War confirmed our preference for this arrangement. We like the fog of politics, with the occasional drama of the flash of a lightning bolt that, happily, is usually nothing more than a near miss.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|In the era of globalization, everything is interconnected. A problem in one part of the world will definitely impact on other parts of the globe. Such phenomenon is also valid for defense and security context. A conflict in a state will bring implications in its neighboring countries or other countries extended in the same region. Therefore, collaborative efforts in tackling common defense and security problems are essentially required.
Rusty Fischer, Zombies Don't Cry|This was good, except that now I had two crazed, burning zombies standing between me and the exit, plus another one that wasn’t on fire. I had not thought this plan through at all.
Janosch|You don’t pack what you need; you pack what you think you will probably need, taking into account each and every possibility, and then add some more stuff…just in case.
Tanya Masse|To take each day as a separate page, to be read carefully, savoring all of the details, this is best for me, I think.
Erin Hunter, A Dangerous Path|Fireheart dashed to the warrior's side. Cloudtail was standing stiff-legged, every hair in his pelt on end as if he were facing an enemy. His eyes were fixed on the limp heap of tabby fur huddled at his paws."Why, Fireheart?" Cloudtail wailed. "Why her?"Fireheart knew, but rage and grief made it hard to speak. "Because Tigerstar wants the pack to get a taste of cat blood," he rasped. The dead cat lying in front of them was Brindleface.
Avina Celeste|The most important journey in your life will be the journey to find yourself. To find who you are, to find what you love, is the greatest gift in life. Look at yourself, honestly, and find who you really are. To reveal your true self might be scary but the act of learning who you really are is important to make it possible to live your best possible life.
Lynn Margulis|It would help if human experts agreed on the meaning of such basic terms as intelligence, consciousness, or awareness. They don't. It's hard to build something that's incompletely defined.
Susan Mallery, The Sheik's Arranged Marriage|I don‟t hate men,” she said, giving him a quick glance before returning her attention to keeping her horse in line. “I think you‟re a bit overrated, butthat‟s not hating . Men have ruled women and the world by virtue of their gender for several hundred years.”“Cream always rises to the top,” he replied.“This isn‟t about cream. It‟s about ruling through physical and mental intimidation. We all have strengths and weaknesses. The difference is,most women are willing to discuss both, while most men only want to talk about their strengths.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. We installed Dr. Robert Jarvik’s artificial heart in a mannequin and brought it to life, only to later kill it because a creature that’s all fake heart and no brain is what’s commonly called a “politician,” and must be destroyed. 
Lauraine Snelling, Valley of Dreams|Yes, she believed God loved her. But if this whole fiasco was His idea of love . . .
Sami Abouzid|Dancing salsa, what an amazing workout, Healthy and amazing …..Incredible Fun
Abhijit Naskar|You live in a society, that always demands you to have a label to define yourself. Now it's up to you, whether you choose man-made labels like 'religious' and 'atheist', or your innate natural label gifted by Mother Nature, i.e. 'human'.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|To be able under all circumstances to practice five things constitutes perfect virtue; these five things are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness and kindness.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|And about Shane, I swear, if he doesn't snap out of it, I'm going to punch him in the face. Well, punch him in the face and then run like hell." - Eve Rosser
Desiree Williams, Illusionary|Yes!" Torin threw an arm over Reese's shoulder. "Smell that in the air? A grand adventure awaits.
Kazuo Ishiguro|While death is sadly inevitable, our grief will soon pass like a swallowed penny through one’s bowels.Painful change just takes time.
Bud Harris|It takes courage to dream, to face our futures and the limiting forces within us. It takes courage to be determined that, as we slow down physically, we are going to grow even more psychologically and spiritually. Courage, the philosopher Aristotle taught us, is the most important of all the virtues, because without it we can’t practice any of the others. Courage is the nearest star that can guide our growth. Maya Angelou said we must be courageous about facing and exploring our personal histories. We must find the courage to care and to create internally, as well as externally, and as she said, we need the courage “to create ourselves daily as Christians, as Jews, as Muslims, as thinking, caring, laughing, loving human beings.
William Julius Wilson|The best thing is to always keep honest people around, because when you have a bunch of yes men around that know that you're making a mistake but let you go on with it, that's when it ruins your mind state as an artist.
Oscar Wilde|What a silly thing love is!' said the student as he walked away. 'It is not half as useful as logic, for it does not prove anything, and it is always telling one of things that are not going to happen, and making one believe things that are not true. In fact, it is quite unpractical, and, as in this age to be practical is everything, I shall go back to philosophy and study metaphysics.' So he returned to his room and pulled out a great dusty book, and began to read.
Joel A. Barker|The educator must above all understand how to wait; to reckon all effects in the light of the future, not of the present.
H.M. Ward, The Wedding Contract|Anyone who hates anyone, only hates themselves.
Kathy Bryson, Feeling Lucky|Oh, you’re hardly one to talk. Look where ogling a man got you.
Marc Newson|Let it be your constant method to look into the design of people's actions, and see what they would be at, as often as it is practicable; and to make this custom the more significant, practice it first upon yourself.
Anurag Kashyap|They say that as one grows older one mellows, become more tolerant. Perhaps. Sometimes I think it is more a stripping off, a peeling away of irrelevancies. But somehwere in youth, as childhood is left behind, certain truths about ourselves become apparent, and once we recognise them, we must abide by them.
Gilad Atzmon, The Wandering Who? A Study of Jewish Identity Politics|There's not a branch of publishing or broadcasting that doesn't depend in some way on advertising. It'd be like an aquarium without water. Why, ninety-five percent of the information that reaches you has already been preselected and paid for.
N. Scott Momaday|I wonder if, in the dark night of the sea, the octopus dreams of me.
Douglas Carter Beane, As Bees in Honey Drown|If you absolutely had to have sex with one of the Three Stooges, who would it be?
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|The rose I gave you was an emblem of myheart,' said she; 'would you take it away andleave me here alone?' 'Would you give me your hand too, if I askedit?' 'Have I not said enough?
Yael Shahar, A Damaged Mirror: A story of memory and redemption|The connections that we have with others, the things we learn, and yes, our prayers—all of it is a web of connections that bind us into the fabric of reality and make us part of something greater than ourselves. And if our reality is only a tiny reflection of a much greater reality, still it is also an essential part. And the same is true of each individual life. Each deed and thought—each word between friends—adds a new thread to a tapestry so vast that we may never be able to step back and see the whole.
Israelmore Ayivor|I won't compete with anybody. I love to compete with my own body. When God closes a door against me, I should not attempt to bang on it. And if God gives me a key to open a door, I should not misuse that key!
George Washington, Writings|While we are zealously performing the duties of good citizens and soldiers, we certainly ought not to be inattentive to the higher duties of religion. To the distinguished character of Patriot, it should be our highest glory to add the more distinguished character of Christian.
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|Alice knows those stories. The routiers and condottieri of the Free Companies, who fight the wars of whichever prince will pay their fees, and amuse themselves in between times, are said to commit every kind of crime: from eating meat in Lent to slitting open pregnant women to kill their unborn and unbaptised children. The countryside of the southern lands is supposed to be full of their victims: a sea of vagabonds - priests without parishes; destitute peasants; artisans looking for work. ‘So you’, Alice says, ‘were one of the famous sons of iniquity…’ The Pope calls them that when they rob churches. But the Pope also uses them regularly. Alice knows she sounds a little breathless. She can’t altogether keep the admiration out of her voice. If she’d been a man, she thinks, she might have done exactly the same thing as Wat, to better herself fast.
Henry Scott Holland, Death Is Nothing at All|Death is nothing at all. It does not count. I have only slipped away into the next room. Nothing has happened. Everything remains exactly as it was. I am I, and you are you, and the old life that we lived so fondly together is untouched, unchanged. Whatever we were to each other, that we are still. Call me by the old familiar name. Speak of me in the easy way which you always used. Put no difference into your tone. Wear no forced air of solemnity or sorrow. Laugh as we always laughed at the little jokes that we enjoyed together. Play, smile, think of me, pray for me. Let my name be ever the household word that it always was. Let it be spoken without an effort, without the ghost of a shadow upon it. Life means all that it ever meant. It is the same as it ever was. There is absolute and unbroken continuity. What is this death but a negligible accident? Why should I be out of mind because I am out of sight? I am but waiting for you, for an interval, somewhere very near, just round the corner. All is well. Nothing is hurt; nothing is lost. One brief moment and all will be as it was before. How we shall laugh at the trouble of parting when we meet again!
Zooey Deschanel|The tricky thing becomes: Do you know yourself well enough to then portray that on screen? And for me, I find that really hard. I'd rather hide behind accents and funny walks.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|What we need today is men who take a stand on the Word of God and stop trying to fit in or preach a socially acceptable Gospel ...We need men like Caleb, when they see the giants of Atheism, Political Correctness, Social Pressure to alter the Bible and a polluted education system and say "we are well able to overcome it.
Bruce Schneier|It is passing strange that our philosophers of the Revolutionary period should have formed their conception of a free society by reference to societies where everyone was not free - where, in fact, the vast majority were not free. It is no less strange that they never stopped to ask whether perhaps the characters which they so much admired were not made possible by the existence of a class which was not free. Rousseau, in whose philosophy were many things, was fully conscious of this difficulty: "Must we say that liberty is possible only on a basis of slavery? Perhaps we must.
James Surowiecki|Opera is complex for those who perform it, but also for those who listen to it. It takes more time, more patience and more spirit of sacrifice. All this is well worth it because opera offers such deep sensations that they will remain in a heart for a lifetime.
Kristin Hannah, Summer Island|And I know I'm sarcastic and defensive and I make a joke out of everything and am highly resistant to anything that reeks of sentimental corniness, but I'm giving you my heart anyway because being with you feels like home, and I know you won't break it.
Christine M. Korsgaard, Creating the Kingdom of Ends|If you view yourself as having a value-conferring status in virtue of of your power of rational choice, you must view anyone who has the power of rational choice as having...a value conferring status.
Charlie Cox|The true fans were capable of not only painting their cars and homes their team colors, but also naming family pets and offspring after famous NFL all-stars.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|I've seen the way you've been looking at me. Don't bullshit me, Pat. I live in the addition around back, which is completely separate from the house, so there's no chance of my parents walking in on us. I hate the fact that you wore a football jersey to dinner, but you can fuck me as long as we turn the lights out first. Okay?
Oscar Wilde, The Ballad Of Reading Gaol|something was dead in each of us,and what was dead was hope.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and Agnes Grey|Then, you must fall each into your proper place. You'll do your business, and she, if she's worthy of you, will do hers; but it's your business to please yourself, and hers to please you.
Kiersten White, Paranormalcy|Huh, a lovers quarrel with a vampire- seems like a fantastic idea!
Michael J. Kannengieser, The Daddy Rock|I was walking around in an almost blind, crazy rage of madness. There was a story burning a hole in my brain, and it was dying to come out on paper. It was begging of me to create it, but I didn’t know where to begin. A month after giving birth to the idea, I felt like I was losing my mind. Ideas would pop into my head in the middle of the night, or during a midterm, and I missed them, quite narrowly, almost every time. Every time an idea left my mind without taking the shape of a word on paper, my mind would automatically begin to churn something just as impressive, or at least close to it. I was digging myself into a shallow grave, and I was getting nowhere. And this was even before the thoughts were committed to paper.
Dinesh Kumar Biran|Broken?" I laughed. "Nah, princess. I'm a shattered fucking mess.
Lauren Winner|This guy! I plead the fifth. This guy is nuts.”- Eminem“Dope questions, man. Very insightful, very thoughtful.”- Guru (Gang Starr)“You like a Psychiatrist or some shit? This shit is just coming out but go ahead.”- Mary J. Blige“Definitely a real interview! Digging deep up in there, man. Not afraid to ask questions!”- K-Ci Hailey (Jodeci)“The Wizard asked me for a copy of your magazine.”- Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo (Daft Punk)“You didn’t wear your glasses and you haven’t carried your hearing aid. What else is wrong with you?”- Bushwick Bill“Peace and blessing, Brother Harris. Thank you for inspiring my words. Keep ‘yo balance.”- Erykah Badu“Can I see that pen?”- Bobby Brown“What else do you want to know? Talk to me.”- Aaliyah
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|As sensory experience junkies, we have been blinded to the majesty in the common.
Ais|May your criminal enjoyments vanish as a shadow! may your ill-gotten wealth leave you without a resource; and may you yourself remain alone and deserted, to learn the vanity of these things, which now divert you from better pursuits!
David Brooks|Lyndon Johnson knew how to make the most of such enthusiasm and how to play on it and intensify it. He wanted his audience to become involved. He wanted their hands up in the air. And having been a schoolteacher he knew how to get their hands up. He began, in his speeches, to ask questions.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The question is, do you have deliberate plans for your life? Do you have intentions with you time? God planned that there should be a time for everything and for every season, meaning you can plan for everything and every season in your life! You may ask, 'Is that possible?” I say, “It’s up to you!
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|Death is the destiny of every man. Why do people fight over power and material wealth.We brought nothing into the world, certainly, we will take nothing out of the world.
Joe Haldeman, Forever Free|After the struggle for sheer existence, they had no energy left for a civilization.
Arthur C. Clarke, Childhood's End|There were, however, a few exceptions.One was Norma Dodsworth, the poet, who had not unpleasantly drunk but had been sensible enough to pass out before any violent action proved necessary. He had been deposited, not very gently, on the lawn, where it was hoped that a hyena would give him a rude awakening. For all practical purposes he could, therefore, be regarded as absent.
Richard Russo|Humor is not a mood but a way of looking at the world. So if it is correct to say that humor was stamped out in Nazi Germany, that does not mean that people were not in good spirits, or anything of that sort, but something much deeper and more important.
Stephen Harper|It is the sincere desire of the writer that our citizens should early understand that the genuine source of correct republican principles is the bible, particularly the New Testament or the Christian religion.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|The leaves fall, the wind blows, and the farm country slowly changes from the summer cottons into its winter wools.
Leonid Andreyev|Life seemed to him to be a narrow cage, and her iron bars were many and dense, and there was only one way out.
Julian Barnes, England, England|Why slum it where people were burdened by yesterday, and the day before, and the day before that? By history? Here, on the Island, they had learnt how to deal with history, how to sling it carelessly on your back and stride out across the download with the breeze in your face.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I shouldn't have lost my temper that way. It just pricks his pride, makes him dig in his heels.""So why did you?" I asked, genuinely curious. It was rare for Nikolai's emotions to get the best of him. "I don't know," he said, shredding the leaf. "You got angry. I got angry. The room was too damn hot.""I don't think that's it.""Indigestion?" he offered."It's because you actually care about what happens to this country," I said. "The throne is just a prize to Vasily, something he wants to squabble over like a favorite toy, You're not like that. You'll make a good king."Nikolai froze. "I…" For once, words seemed to have deserted him. Then a crooked, embarrassed smile crept across his face. It was a far cry from his usual self-assured grin. "Thank you," he said.I sighed as we resumed our pace. "You're going to be insufferable now, aren't you?"Nikolai laughed. "I'm already insufferable.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|Success works as a cycle - growth and contraction, balancing and unbalancing - all while you're encountering hurdles that get higher and higher over time.
Connie Kerbs|Raising human offspring is an endeavor nothing less than a continued labor of patience, hard work, organization and ongoing adaptation. All of which is unlike that expected of any other living creatures on the planet (or this sector of the universe, as far as we can tell). It demands the most complex responsibility and long-term commitment of any parenting life-form. Indeed, it is at times, at least for quality parents, an overwhelming, exhausting, even daunting task. Albeit, one that in the end, (and, most of the time even in the middle of it), is more than worth it.
Swapna Rajput|If I could have anyone in the world, it would still be you
Elisabeth Moss|The Bronx is famous for two things. Hip-hop, and 26 world championships.
Marie Kondo|You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness.
Brendan Cowell, How It Feels|Where did my friend go? Was there a place they all gathered, the lost and self destructive? Was there a room they put them in? Necks burnt with rope or holes in their skulls. Beach-water bloated. I will know this at the end of my conversation with life. I will speak and laugh until my tongue falls out and then I will know this. I will know because he will tell me when I see him. How will I enter the theatre? With a hole in my head or exploded by sea. Wrists.
Claudia Rankine, Don’t Let Me Be Lonely: An American Lyric|In a taxi speeding uptown on the West Side Highway, I let my thoughts drift below the surface of the Hudson until it finally occurs to me that feelings fill the gaps created by the indirectness of experience. Though the experience is social, thoughts carry it into a singular space and it is this that causes the feelings of loneliness; or it is this that collides the feeling with the experience so that what is left is the solitude called loneliness.
Chris Burkmenn|If you always lived in comfort you would miss the adventure that is uncomfortable, but of great reward.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The person who knows one thing and does it better than anyone else, even if it only be the art of raising lentils, receives the crown he merits. If he raises all his energy to that end, he is a benefactor of mankind and its rewarded as such.
L.A. Weatherly|oh, my God," I whispered. "But how did they get my photo?Alex tapped his mouth with his thumb. "That ...book with everyone's picture in it, that you have in high school.""Yearbook," I said. Was he trying to be funny? But of course he was right; that's exactly where it was from.
Raphael Zernoff, I Am|If you want to experience enlightenment, take a deep breath in and relax. As you are releasing the air forget, for a moment, about all your worries and desires. Just appreciate yourself the way you are in the very moment. Then, just lighten up. Keep doing it as often as you want to experience enlightenment. That is it.
Stephanie Lahart|Crying is NOT a weakness. Cry as much as you have to. Don’t be afraid or ashamed to let your tears flow. Crying is a natural part of life. We all have feelings, and sometimes crying is all that we can do. Crying can help relieve the pain, hurt, disappointments, and all of the other things that life can throw our way. Know that it’s okay, and know that you’re going to be okay as well. Wishing You: Peace of mind, Comfort, Happiness, Joy within and LOVE.
Corrie ten Boom, Father Ten Boom, God's Man|A well-known psychologist once said, 'When a child reaches his third birthday, his parents will have given him half of all that they will ever be able to give him in the way of education.
Alan Keyes|What makes me angry is when people know what is right but have, over the years, attuned themselves to the fact that what they're doing, stealing money from government, is acceptable.
Edward Said|Black, white, Latino, gay, straight – if any one of them came across a bear in the woods, they’d all taste like chicken.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A full loyalty to the leader merely fits to the dogs, not to the humans!
Samael Aun Weor, The Revolution of the Dialectic: A Practical Guide to Gnostic Psychology and Meditation|We must experience the Truth in a direct, practical and real way; this is only possible in the stillness and silence of the mind, and this is achieved by means of meditation.
Gustave Le Bon, The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind|Since the same human mire remains beneath, does not all civilisation reduce itself to the superiority of smelling nice and living well?
Bobby Hoffman, Hack Your Motivation: Over 50 Science-Based Strategies to Improve Performance|Overachievers look forward to the finish line, underachievers look back to see who they are beating.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Games|You're so beautiful," he told her.	Her laughter tickled his ears. "You realize you're looking at my back, right?"	"Mmm-hmmm. And it's a very beautiful back.
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|When people think about a placebo such as the royal touch, they usually dismiss it as "just psychology." But, there is nothing "just" about the power of a placebo, and in reality it represents the amazing way our mind controls our body.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|- Be thou not technical with me,/Or else thine input valve may swift receive/a hearty helping of my golden foot.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|It frustrates and fascinates me that we'll never know for sure, that despite the best efforts of historians and scientists and poets, there are some things we'll just never know. What the first song sounded like. How it felt to see the first photograph. Who kissed the first kiss, and if it was any good.
Bresha Webb|Look, if I ever stop being grateful for gigs, I just need to stop. Because this business is... you know, it's just so kind of job-to-job, and the fact that I've continued working... I'm just incredibly thankful for it. And I never, ever take it for granted.
Leon Uris, Mitla Pass|A novel takes the courage of a marathon runner, and as long as you have to run, you might as well be a winning marathon runner. Serendipity and blind faith faith in yourself won't hurt a thing. All the bastards in the world will snicker and sneer because they haven't the talent to zip up their flies by themselves. To hell with them, particularly the critics. Stand in there, son, no matter how badly you are battered and hurt.
Ian McEwan, Saturday|think that if Hiro was so convinced in his own mind that he was unworthy of her, maybe he knew something she didn't.
Lavinia Spalding, The Best Women's Travel Writing, Volume 8: True Stories from Around the World|There’s something profoundly intense and intoxicating about friendship found en route. It’s the bond that arises from being thrust into uncomfortable circumstances, and the vulnerability of trusting others to navigate those situations. It’s the exhilaration of meeting someone when we are our most alive selves, breathing new air, high on life-altering moments. It’s the discovery of the commonality of the world’s people and the attendant rejection of prejudices. It’s the humbling experience of being suspicious of a stranger who then extends a great kindness. It’s the astonishment of learning from those we set out to teach. It’s the intimacy of sharing small spaces, the recognition of a kindred spirit across the globe.It’s the travel relationship, and it can only call itself family.
Mark Anthony Jarman, Salvage King, YA!: A Herky-Jerky Picaresque|You're born thinking you're the centre of things, and they chip away at that until you expire muttering If I knew then, or some nonsense in an empty rooming house.
Jennifer  Underwood, The Road to Sedona-All Paths Lead to You: How One Woman's Past Life Can Shape the Future|Demons. Angels. Both are the same, neither one cares that humanity gets in the way of their conflicts.
Richard Dawkins|When I am dying, I should like my life taken out under general anaesthetic, exactly as if it were a diseased appendix.
Dee Dee Myers|I do this system called TRX. It was developed by a Navy SEAL and is basically a simple cord that you can wrap around something anywhere, anytime, and you use your body weight as resistance. We installed one in our home gym, but you can also attach it to a tree. It's very easy to travel with.
Caroline George, The Vestige|You don’t know what love is until you find it,” he whispered, “but when you do, promise me you won’t let it go. Promise you’ll seek it out even when you’re scared it’ll hurt.
Kahlil Gibran|Seven times have I despised my soul: The sixth time when she despised the ugliness of a face, and knew not that it was one of her own masks.
Debbi Mack, Identity Crisis|You can run from the past, but it always catches up with you.
James Dashner, The Kill Order|I knew there were no ghosts in there, but on the other hand, what if there were?
Celeste Martin - Translation TheWolfmyinnerSoul|From time to time, we must seek a resting point from which we can again be aware of the beauty of the world.
Carlene Bauer, Frances and Bernard|How could it be winter without snow?I appreciated every season, but winter was my favorite.I loved when it was time to pull out my thick sweaters.I loved the smell of a wood fire.I loved skiing and snow boarding and sledding, when i could find the time-although time was in a short supply when school was in session.I even enjoyed the cold, wintry weather, it was great for snuggling.
Waqas Bin Ehsan|Once you find your positive vision, then share the victory of your loving attitudes with everyone.
Natasha Friend, For Keeps|When women's sexuality is imagined to be passive or "dirty," it also means that men's sexuality is automatically positioned as aggressive and right-no matter what form it takes. And when one of the conditions of masculinity, a concept that is already so fragile in men's minds, is that men dissociate from women and prove their manliness through aggression, we're encouraging a culture of violence and sexuality that's detrimental to both men and women.
Jacqueline Novogratz, The Blue Sweater: Bridging the Gap Between Rich and Poor in an Interconnected World|Poverty is not only about income levels, but for lack of freedom that comes from physical insecurity
Travis Barker|Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Dennis Lehane, A Drink Before the War|I know someone said it's over,And shattered all your dreams.Come here, oh tattered soul.Broken dreams, you say.Now that you're awake,Let me show you something I learned the same hard way.Get up and give yourself a shake.Life is for living, so don't die for anyone's sake.What I say heals her heart.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|I think, Charlie, you have talent. I do. But I don't think you'll get far until you examine yourself and study.Until you let yourself be your subject. That's the exquisiteness of youth: you are allowed the luxury of vanity, of self-examination. Take it! Don't be ashamed of yourself.
Aidan Crowe|Art speaks to the soul, not the mind.
Sharon Kay Penman, The Reckoning|I’ll admit that my garden now grows hope in lavish profusion, leaving little room for anything else. I suppose it has squeezed out more practical plants like caution and common sense. Still, though, hope does not flourish in every garden, and I feel thankful it has taken root in mine.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Christmas embodies everything that I need. However, everything that I need is often made up of a lot of stuff I don’t want.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The man who has only one truth in him|I want to become the favorite song of my own uprising. I want to see the most forgotten, unused part of my soul the one which for years I kept closed out of spite, find the courage to go up to my mind and start writing liberation slogans across its highest fences.
Fran Lebowitz|The best fame is a writer's fame. It's enough to get a table at a good restaurant, but not enough to get you interrupted when you eat.
Neil Gaiman|It's a weird thing, writing.Sometimes you can look out across what you're writing, and it's like looking out over a landscape on a glorious, clear summer's day. You can see every leaf on every tree, and hear the birdsong, and you know where you'll be going on your walk. And that's wonderful.Sometimes it's like driving through fog. You can't really see where you're going. You have just enough of the road in front of you to know that you're probably still on the road, and if you drive slowly and keep your headlamps lowered you'll still get where you were going.And that's hard while you're doing it, but satisfying at the end of a day like that, where you look down and you got 1500 words that didn't exist in that order down on paper, half of what you'd get on a good day, and you drove slowly, but you drove.And sometimes you come out of the fog into clarity, and you can see just what you're doing and where you're going, and you couldn't see or know any of that five minutes before.And that's magic.
Theodore Sturgeon, Weird Shadows From Beyond: An Anthology Of Strange Stories|Humans, in the day that has been the Earth, have been here for less than a minute. We’re a late-night piss in the toilet, that’s all we are.
Robert Hugh Benson, Lord of the World|Incidentally, am I alone in finding the expression “it turns out” to be incredibly useful? It allows you to make swift, succinct, and authoritative connections between otherwise randomly unconnected statements without the trouble of explaining what your source or authority actually is. It’s great. It’s hugely better than its predecessors “I read somewhere that...” or the craven “they say that...” because it suggests not only that whatever flimsy bit of urban mythology you are passing on is actually based on brand new, ground breaking research, but that it is research in which you yourself were intimately involved. But again, with no actual authority anywhere in sight. Anyway, where was I?
Helen Brown, Cleo|It meant he was a cat and he'd do whatever he pleased, when he pleased, and if I didn't like it, that was just to bad.
Mikhail Gorbachev|The most fatal illusion is the settled point of view. Since life is growth and motion, a fixed point of view kills anybody who has one.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Joy doesn't ever leave, you know. It's always with you. And one day you'll find it again.
Astrid Lee Miles, Recovering is an Art|How about we never talk about what happened and why I feel the way I feel. We just pretend that everything is fine and I just scrub myself red every night, allowing my mind and body to retreat into oblivion. Yup sounds like the perfect plan.
Erich Fromm|A person who has not been completely alienated, who has remained sensitive and able to feel, who has not lost the sense of dignity, who is not yet "for sale", who can still suffer over the suffering of others, who has not acquired fully the having mode of existence - briefly, a person who has remained a person and not become a thing - cannot help feeling lonely, powerless, isolated in present-day society. He cannot help doubting himself and his own convictions, if not his sanity. He cannot help suffering, even though he can experience moments of joy and clarity that are absent in the life of his "normal" contemporaries. Not rarely will he suffer from neurosis that results from the situation of a sane man living in an insane society, rather than that of the more conventional neurosis of a sick man trying to adapt himself to a sick society. In the process of going further in his analysis, i.e. of growing to greater independence and productivity,his neurotic symptoms will cure themselves. 
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|He cries. 'Please! I don't want to die.'I lean over. My hair smothers him.'Then you should never have been born,' I say.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|It throbbed with an inhuman power, tidal and deep and painful. Look at this too long, Elvi thought, and I will lose my mind in it. She took a step toward it, feeling the structures in the blackness respond to her. She felt as if she could see the spaces between molecules in the air, like atoms themselves had become a thin fog, and for the first time she could see the true shape of reality looming up just beyond her reach.
Donald Miller, Scary Close: Dropping the Act and Finding True Intimacy|If you can control what you eat, you can control all other aspects in you life.
Scarlett Thomas|Three years with Claudia had taught Ruso that when a woman said something did not matter and refused to tell you what it was, it usually mattered a great deal—to her, if not to you. Frequently her way of punishing you for not knowing what it was in the first place was to refuse to tell you until you gave up asking. This was her cue to accuse you of not caring about her, otherwise you would have known what she wanted you to know without having to be told. Finally, if you were lucky, she would explain the latest way in which you had failed her expectations. If you were not lucky, she would explain...
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|Although people are so kind to alcohol, still alcohol makes them blind.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|I know what love is and it is friendship, set afire.Love is easy. Love is chemistry—a science lab. Love is as simple as connecting this together with that. Her brilliant eyes and my heated heart.But this is not love.Not yet.Genuine love is friendship. Genuine love resides only in the present moment. Genuine love is everyday. Genuine love feels no need to entertain the space away. Genuine love is up, genuine love is down and yet genuine love never wavers.Love is something else entire: it is caring. It is arguing, but with curiosity—it is giving an inch when the other is certainly wrong—it is teasing, it is empathy, it is respect, it is admiration each morning.
Akuku Mach Pep|If there is no way to compel those who find a majority decision distasteful to go along with it, then the last thing one would want to do is to hold a vote: a public contest which someone will be seen to lose. Voting would be the most likely means to guarantee humiliations, resentments, hatreds, in the end, the destruction of communities. What is seen as an elaborate and difficult process of finding consensus is, in fact, a long process of making sure no one walks away feeling that their views have been totally ignored.
Nathaniel Branden|Genuine self esteem – please understand this – genuine self esteem is not competitive or comparative. Genuine self esteem isn’t expressed by self-glorification at the expense of others, or by trying to make yourself superior to everyone else, or diminishing others in order to elevate yourself. Arrogance, boastfulness, the overestimation of your abilities, reflect low self esteem, even though we’re often encouraged to believe the opposite. In human beings, joy in the simple fact of existence is a core meaning of healthy self esteem. Thus understood, how can you possibly have too much of it?
Dean Burnett, Idiot Brain: What Your Head Is Really Up To|Sadly, the words "reliable" and "accurate" can rarely be applied to the workings of the brain, particularly for memory.
Nadine Brandes, A Time to Rise|You're Missing a hand."  And you're missing a brain!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Hogwarts is threatened!” shouted Professor McGonagall. “Man the boundaries, protect us, do your duty to our school!
Cassandra Clare, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything|He smiles, and he's made of trouble. We should have dropped him in the Thames in a bag of stones. We should have left him out for the fairies.
Robert Firestone Conquer Your Critical Inner Voice|In general, people find it easier to accept flattery or false praise than genuine admiration and love, because a build-up does not threaten their negative beliefs about themselves. It is not uncommon for people to dismiss a genuine compliment from someone who really admires them and appreciates their personal qualities. they feel awkward and uncomfortable because this experience causes anxiety, self-consciousness, and guilt about standing out.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|As one widow put it to me, “Strength doesn’t mean being able to stand up to anything, but being able to crawl on your belly a long, long time before you can stand up again.
Virginia Alison|My storm is my own...Enter if you dare. However, bear in mind that the tempest of desire is fraught with unpredictability from the highest peaks to the depths of the abyss. Do not expect a smooth ride, but expect a true and passionate one...
Chris Raschka|I probably like being isolated more than many people do, but I'm lucky to have the friendship of many fine people, and they keep me from becoming very isolated. The world of my mind is certainly a populated and warm place, too. It's difficult for me to become too isolated with such resources.
Elizabeth George|I seen the look in your eyes...I reached out to touch you but feared I would mark your skin. I do not want just tonight, my love. I want to know that always...always...you will be mine.
Joseph O'Neill, Netherland|If we had always thought from a so-called practical angle – we would’ve never had anything new in this world. We would’ve hidden under the security of practicality and taken no risk, we would have never discovered heart transplantation as a new possibility, we would’ve never thought curing cancer patients a possibility, and we would’ve never discovered a new galaxy in the universe. Taking the cover of practicality is more or less like hiding under the cover of security for fear of failure.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|You thought you had the choice to stay still or move forward, but your didn't. As long as your heart kept pumping an your blood kept blowing and your lungs kept filling, you didn't. The pang she felt for Tibby carried something like envy. You couldn't stand still for anything short of death, and God knew she had tried.
Kresley Cole, No Rest for the Wicked|Kaderin didn't believe, as a whole, the nymphs were more beautiful than the Valkyrie, but everything about them screamed, "Easy lay! When you don't want to work for it!" And curiously, many males found that more appealing than the Valkyrie's "Do it and die, simian".
Mike Pompeo|When I was little, I saw the play 'Les Miserables' on Broadway, I thought it was the most amazing thing I have ever seen.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Once you believe that god is not a private property of anybody, you are on your way to becoming a new messiah. Maybe your own if not the world's
M.L. Rodriguez, This I Promise You|You remember why you carry a gun and fight this fight. Not for yourself, but for something greater. You fight for your country, for your loved ones and their safety, and for honor. For something more than yourself.Because nothing makes a man greater than what he’s willing to do and sacrifice for the betterment of those he loves.
William T. Hornaday|The wild things of this earth are not ours to do with as we please. They have been given to us in trust, and we must account for them to the generation which will come after us and audit our accounts.
William Wilberforce, Real Christianity|Servile, and base, and mercenary, is the notion of Christian practice among the bulk of nominal Christians. They give no more than they dare not with-hold; they abstain from nothing but what they must not practise.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|It’s a small painful sort of courage which is at the root of every life, because injustice and cruelty is at the root of life. And the reason why I have only given my attention to the heroic or the beautiful or the intelligent is because I won’t accept that injustice and the cruelty, and so won’t accept the small endurance that is bigger than anything.
Shunryu Suzuki|Christopher McCandless:"I will miss you too, but you are wrong if you think that the joy of life comes principally from the joy of human relationships. God's place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything we can experience. People just need to change the way they look at things.
Kamand Kojouri|Forgiveness is a transformative act because it asks you to be a more empathetic and compassionate person, thereby making you better than the person you were when you were first hurt.
Sarah Manguso|To write a diary is to make a series of choices about what to omit, what to forget. A memorable sandwich, an unmemorable flight of stairs. A memorable bit of conversation surrounded by chatter that no one records.
Miles Teller|My husband, Jim, converted to Judaism just before our wedding.
Sarah Noffke, Stunned|Love, deep and pure, it opens my heart. It feels like a magical force, one I’d fight to protect, one I’d die to keep.
W. E. B. Du Bois|It's public knowledge that there have been efforts - as U.S. intelligence sources have said - by Russia to destabilize the U.S. political system. I think that Canadians and, indeed, other Western countries should be prepared for similar efforts to be directed at us.
Neymat Khan|After the barter system money was introduced to the world and it had a limited value, but as the time passed it's value increased and now in 21st century money is given the value of GOD.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|What else mattered except being with Carol, anywhere, anyhow?
Bob Dylan|There must be some kind of way out of here,' said the joker to the thief...
Joe Bageant, Deer Hunting with Jesus: Dispatches from America's Class War|...it's so heartbreaking and unnecessary how we lose things. From pure carelessness. Fires, wars. The Parthenon, used as a munitions storehouse. I guess that anything we manage to save from history is a miracle." p28
J. Kenner, Claim Me|You humble me, Nikki. Don't you see that? It must be clear from my expression that I do not, because he goes on. "If I do all those things for you--soothe you, center you, give you strength--then that is worth more to me than every penny I have earned building Stark International.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Perhaps we have stopped ourselves from being invented, from self-realization, by blaming others for our wordlessness.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Music? Music is life! It’s physical emotion - you can touch it! It’s neon ecto-energy sucked out of spirits and switched into sound waves for your ears to swallow. Are you telling me, what, that it’s boring? You don’t have time for it?
Madeline Sheehan|The difference between a self-induced orgasm and an orgasm given by a man is like comparing a rainy day and a rain storm. Rain was a sure thing, you knew exactly what you were going to get: a clean and crisp, both sweet and refreshing experience. But rainstorms were unpredictable, they were riddled with surprises, messy and wet; they were something you had no control over.
Dennis Vickers, Only Breath|Only when the flower vase will be itself in bloom, only then we got the real wonder of poetry
Helen Frankenthaler|To an engineer, good enough means perfect. With an artist, there's no such thing as perfect.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|When you know as much as we do, nothing matters. Things just repeat. Day and night, summer and winter. The world is empty and aimless. Everything circles around. Whatever starts up must pass away,whatever is born must die. It all cancels out, good or bad, beautiful or ugly.
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot|Every small town has at least one house the children whisper about; the type of house that has always been abandoned; where the once pristine white paint has faded to a grimy gray; where the windows are boarded, and the lawn never grows; where children hold their breath and close their eyes as they pass by. A house that sounds like it contains an army of whispering spirits when the wind whistles through the nearby trees.In the town of Blackwood, that house could be found on Creep Street. It had stood there as long as he could remember.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|THAT'S WHAT POWERFUL MEN DO TO THIS COUNTRY - IT'S A BEAUTIFUL, SEXY, BREATHLESS COUNTRY, AND POWERFUL MEN USE IT TO TREAT THEMSELVES TO A THRILL! THEY SAY THEY LOVE IT BUT THEY DON'T MEAN IT. THEY SAY THINGS TO MAKE THEMSELVES APPEAR GOOD - THEY MAKE THEMSELVES APPEAR MORAL...THE COUNTRY WANTS A SAVIOUR. THE COUNTRY IS A SUCKER FOR POWERFUL MEN WHO LOOK GOOD. WE THINK THEY'RE MORALISTS AND THEN THEY JUST USE US.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Life is what you make it. Always has been, always will be.
Israelmore Ayivor|Appreciate what everybody does, especially those doing what you are also doing. Don’t crave for attention and fame. It will come automatically when your brand is well situated.
Mick Cornett|Beauty connotes humanity. We call a natural object beautiful because we see that its form expresses fitness, the perfect fulfillment of function.
Sunday Adelaja|when are you going to take a real decision ?We sometimes say Amen to anything that come in our way, but the real question is that: are you really taking account of what you are hearing ? Or what you are reading ? What is the essence of you saying Amen when someone is sending you a devotional message or the word of God if you don't really care about living a true life worthy of The Gospel ? God should have mercy in us for this gospel isn't a joke. If you see someone sending you messages about God, don't think the person does it for doing sake, no brother, no sister. Consider it for this messages will rather save you or judge one day! Shalom God bless you.
Sasha Martin, Life from Scratch: A Memoir of Food, Family, and Forgiveness|The best life you can have as you get into old age is good food, good teeth to eat it with, and few worries when you go to bed at night.
Shauna Singh Baldwin, What the Body Remembers|War’s all either country knows, and everything seems to depend on it now.
Allison B. Levine|Well we are nothing if not re-inventive. With every life experience we learn what to not do ever again and how to adapt to our current situations. We are always learning about ourselves and changing. I seriously don’t know anyone that has it all figured out, and if there is I want to punch them in the face.
John Mark Green|When I lean my ear up against your seashell heart, I can hear an ocean of love roaring inside.
Philip Levine|And down I went to fetch my bride:But, Alice, you were ill at ease;This dress and that by turns you tried,Too fearful that you should not please.I loved you better for your fears,I knew you could not look but well;And dews, that would have fall'n in tears,I kiss'd away before they fell.
Franz Grillparzer|It's been quite a roller coaster ride, but I've grown and learned a lot about myself. The greatest thing is being able to interact with fans and touch people's lives... for that I give thanks.
J.D. Salinger, Nine Stories|Her joke of a name aside, her general unprettiness aside, she was, in terms of permanently memorable, immoderately perceptive, small-area faces, a stunning and final girl.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|But not everyone you love is a forever. Sometimes you can love someone for a reason, and for a time, and although you never stop loving them, no matter how much they may betray you, you move on, because they aren't the one who makes you into an us.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|Crime doesn’t take a holiday. It changes costume for the season, and Christmas is the season for domestic violence. Too much pressure to deliver the perfect gift, and not enough money. Too little to say, and too much alcohol encouraging confessions. Never enough love or imagination to deliver the dream.
M.S. Watson, Frost|I had to break up with Medusa. I just got sick of buying mice for her hair. I should have ended it sooner, but you try looking into those eyes.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Velvet|You wanted to see me?” she asked after shutting the door. She remained where she was, not daring to move any closer.He turned his gaze from the fire crackling over the logs to face her. Those dark eyes scanned her from head to foot and when they reached her once again, they gleamed with unmistakable hunger.“Take off your clothes,” he said calmly.
Herman Melville|No enterprise can exist for itself alone. It ministers to some great need, it performs some great service, not for itself, but for others; or failing therein, it ceases to be profitable and ceases to exist.
Miranda Kenneally, Jesse's Girl|I am so lucky. I used to think trust means "never let you down", but really, it's about love. Family can't always help fix a difficult situation, and everybody makes mistakes. We shouldn't expect perfect. But we can hope that the people we love love us enough to try to make it right.
Harry Connick, Jr.|The whole 1950s notion was find the right girl, get married, move to the suburbs and then hang out with the guys while she stayed home with the babies. I felt that was sort of sad.
Logan Pearsall Smith|People always blame the girl; she should have said no. A monosyllable, but conventional wisdom has always been that boys can't manage it.
Kat Lowe, Dream Cat|Did I miss the denial, anger, and bargaining phases, or did you leap straight to depression?
Michael       Schmidt, The Novel: A Biography|To become a 'good reader' one must give oneself over to a regime of concentrated pleasure. One does not set out to read a book a day (there is no necessary pleasure in that) but may spend two or three years on one book [. . .], read only portions of another, devour a third at a single sitting.
Felipe VI of Spain|The people of Canada have worked hard to build a country that opens its doors to include all, regardless of their differences; a country that respects all, regardless of their differences; a country that demands equality for all, regardless of their differences.
Jennifer Donnelly, Deep Blue|You fear you will fail at the very thing you were born for. And your fear torments you...instead of shunning your fear, you must let it speak and listen carefully to what it's trying to tell you. It will give you good counsel.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|And if a diversion is needed, why not arrest a general? Arthur Dillon is a friend of eminent deputies, a contender for the post of Commander-in-Chief of the Northern Front; he has proved himself at Valmy and in a halfdozen actions since. In the National Assembly he was a liberal; now he is a republican. Isn’t it then logical that he should be thrown into gaol, July 1, on suspicion of passing military secrets to the enemy?
George Orwell, Why I Write|All the papers that matter live off their advertisements, and the advertisers exercise an indirect censorship over news.
Trevante Rhodes|I play in the low 80s. If it's any hotter than that, I won't play.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Mr. Jennings is the one who trapped the fairies here to begin with. If they’re back and wandering around, if they’re loose, then, well, it’s not good.
Rachel Bloom|It's no accident that my first novel was called Americana. This was a private declaration of independence, a statement of my intention to use the whole picture, the whole culture.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|I can see his pain, see it in the way he runs his fingers through his hair, over and over, and I understand what it costs him to hide it all.
John Greenleaf Whittier|Oh, I am very weary, Though tears no longer flow; My eyes are tired of weeping, My heart is sick of woe.
Sherman Edwards, 1776|The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield, and government to gain ground.
Jay Woodman|When you truly sing, you sing yourself free. When you truly dance, you dance yourself free. When you walk in the mountains or swim in the sea, again, you set yourself free.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|Sincere doubts, handled properly, can become a gift.
David Sedaris, Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim|I attributed their behavior to the fact that they didn't have a TV, but television didn't teach you everything. Asking for candy on Halloween was called trick-or-treating, but asking for candy on November first was called begging, and it made people uncomfortable. This was one of the things you were supposed to learn simply by being alive, and it angered me that the Tomkeys did not understand it.
Victor Villaseñor, Rain of Gold|How about this?” she retorted, her voice deceptively flirtatious, and in that small, stolen moment in his mind, he quickly spun and grasped her by the small of her back, pulled her close into to him, and made her his. And maybe she resisted at first before giving in, or maybe she didn’t—maybe she’d wanted this just as long as he had. But none of that would matter, because they would finally be together, starting at that moment and for the rest of their lives. And they would love each other and raise children and make music, and life would suddenly be worth living, and Christ, how could anyone ever throw something like that away?
Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules|There is the pain that made me cry, and then there is the strength that made me stop crying.So I am glad the pain camebecause without it I would not have discovered my strength.
Aprilynne Pike, Destined|I've loved you for a long time, ' she said. 'But there was always something holding me back. Maybe it was that I was afraid of an emotion that was so consuming. It still frightens me,' she admitted in a whisper. Tamani chuckled. 'If it makes you feel any better, it scares the daylights out of me on a regular basis.
H. L. Balcomb|One's past can't be erased, it can only be learned from, the child taught her.
Pamela Freeman, Blood Ties|There were worse things than death.There would be a leap and a moment suspended, then a long hopeless curve to the rocks and river below. They would fall like leaves between clouds of swifts and then be washed away by the thundering rapids. Bramble clung to that thought. If their bodies washed away then there could be no identification, no danger of reprisals on her family. She hung on tighter.The roan's hindquarters bunched under her and they were in the air. It was like she had imagined: the leap, and then the moment suspended in air that seemed to last forever.Below her the swifts boiled up through the river mist, swerving and swooping, while she and the roan seemed to stay frozen above them. Bramble felt, like a rush of air, the presence of the gods surround her. The shock made her lose her balance and begin to slide sideways.She felt herself falling. With an impossible flick of both legs, the roan shrugged her back onto his shoulders. Then the long curve downward and she braced herself to see the cliffs rushing past as they fell.Time to die.Instead she felt a thumping jolt that flung her from the roan's back and tossed her among the rocks at the cliff's edge on the other side.On the other side.Her sight cleared, although the light still seemed dim. Her hearing came back a little. On the other side of the abyss a jumble of men and hounds were milling, shouting, astonished and very angry. "You can't do that!" one yelled. "It's impossible!""Well, he shagging did it!" another said. "Can't be impossible!""Head for the bridge!" Beck shouted. "We can still get him! I want that horse!
William Greider|In the deregulated realm of US banking and finance, crime does occasionally pay for its foul deeds, not in prison time but by making modest rebates to the victims.
Rhoda Janzen, Mennonite in a Little Black Dress: A Memoir of Going Home|The idea is that the woman's heritage and background are just as important as the man's. Many women see taking a man's name as a gesture of symbolic oppression. It's like saying to the woman, 'Who you are as a person isn't as important as who I am.
Anita Baker|People say that having three orchestras is a crazy life, but it's better because you have three families. I want to have my own kids very soon. In future, I still want to conduct a lot, but less, to be with my family.
Jon Fishman|When Jennifer Lawrence says it's 'dumb' to go hungry to make other people happy, she's saying it with the carefree attitude of a woman who probably will never have to make that choice to conform.
Erica Ridley, The Brigadier's Runaway Bride|Jacques appeared on his hands and knees, peering around the corner of the cabin. His dark eyes lit with pleasure when he saw her. The baby flashed Antonia his wide grin and scooted toward her. Only in the last two days had he gone from pushing himself across the floor to a hands-and-knees crawl.Henri trailed so close behind Jacques that he had to walk wide-legged so he didn’t step on his brother.The baby reached her, placed his hands on her legs, and pressed himself up, grabbing at the front of her tunic. “Maa.”Antonia hugged Jacques. He’d soiled his rabbit skin diaper and smelled, but she held him close, needing to feel the baby in her arms. He wiggled in protest. She dropped a kiss on his forehead and reached up to her shoulder to unlace the leather ties of her tunic, pulling the flap down to free her breast. He began to suckle greedily.Henri dropped to her other side and leaned against her. Antonia put her arm around him. Just holding her sons brought her comfort but also increased her despair. What do I be doin’ now? Should I be takin’ the boys and leave? Head for Sweetwater Springs?Antonia shook her head. No! I won’t be leavin’ Jean-Claude. Cain’t leave my home.But without her husband to provide for them, she didn’t know how long she’d be able to manage on her own.Somehow, I’ll be findin’ a way, Antonia vowed.
Mary Balogh, First Comes Marriage|Most of these stories are on the tragic side. But the reader must not suppose that the incidents I have narrated were of common occurrence. The vast majority of these people, government servants, planters, and traders, who spent their working lives in Malaya were ordinary people ordinarily satisfied with their station in life. They did the jobs they were paid to do more or less competently,. They were as happy with their wives as are most married couples. They led humdrum lives and did very much the same things every day. Sometimes by way of a change they got a little shooting; but at a rule, after they had done their day's work, they played tennis if there were people to play with, went to the club at sundown if there was a club in the vicinity, drank in moderation, and played bridge. They had their little tiffs, their little jealousies, their little flirtations, their little celebrations. They were good, decent, normal people.I respect, and even admire, such people, but they are not the sort of people I can write stories about. I write stories about people who have some singularity of character which suggests to me that they may be capable of behaving in such a way as to give me an idea that I can make use of, or about people who by some accident or another, accident of temperament, accident of environment, have been involved in unusual contingencies. But, I repeat, they are the exception.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|I know love is dark work; you have to get your hands dirty. If you hold back, nothing interesting happens. At the same time, you have to find the right distance between people. Too close, and they overwhelm you; too far and they abandon you. How to hold them in the right relation?
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|The years after graduation hardened me into someone quite different from the strutting graduate.. headed for New York City, ready to offer the world his talent. The world, I discovered, was not all that interested. I wandered around my early twenties, paying rent and reading classifieds and wondering why the lights were not turning green for me.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|I used to see dolphins as cute, Smart and funny sea animals. I know now that they're astute, Divine beings, clever mammals.
Arthur Koestler, The Ghost in the Machine|But other hordes would come, and other false prophets. Our feeble efforts to ameliorate man’s lot would be but vaguely continued by our successors; the seeds of error and of ruin contained even in what is good would, on the contrary, increase to monstrous proportions in the course of centuries. A world wearied of us would seek other masters; what had seemed to us wise would be pointless for them, what we had found beautiful they would abominate. Like the initiate to Mithraism the human race has need, perhaps, of a periodical bloodbath and descent into the grave. I could see the return of barbaric codes, of implacable gods, of unquestioned despotism of savage chieftains, a world broken up into enemy states and eternally prey to insecurity. Other sentinels menaced by arrows would patrol the walls of future cities; the stupid, cruel, and obscene game would go on, and the human species in growing older would doubtless add new refinements of horror. Our epoch, the faults and limitations of which I knew better than anyone else would perhaps be considered one day, by contrast, as one of the golden ages of man.
Christina Rossetti, Goblin Market|Morning and eveningMaids heard the goblins cry:'Come buy our orchard fruits,Come buy, come buy
|Keep your circle small with positive minded individuals who only come to grow with you, and not to take advantage of you.
Rudyard Kipling|She would have an adventure. For herself. This one time. She would see her homeland, and smell it and breathe it in. See it from high above, see it racing as fast as the wind. She owed herself that much.
Jay Woodman|You have everything inside you, though you sometimes only recognise certain bits relating to the current stage of your path.
Charlie Stross|Either you like cats or you don't. Whole nations have been divided on what people thought of an animal that mates openly, walks in silence and keeps its own counsel.
Richard Ford, Canada|My parents...were people running from the past, who didn't look back at much if they could help it, and whose whole life always lay somewhere in the offing.
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|It struck her hard how it was often the ordinary acts that were angelic. Maybe there were angels in the sky and maybe there weren't. Maybe angels helped arrange for Tom to be the one to drive along right at that moment. She didn't know. But what she did know was that there were angels on the ground. She did know that Tom stopped the car, got out, and buried the kid's dead cat. He didn't have to, but he did. It was a small act, but it was huge. And that made Tom an angel to her, one no less divine than any angels that might be in the sky.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Lodore|Yes," she thought, "nature is the refuge and home for women: they have no public career—no aim nor end beyond their domestic circle; but they can extend that, and make all the creations of nature their own, to foster and do good to.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|In fact, mistakes are life's way of teaching us the right way to do things.
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|Dear Jesus, do something.
Helen Hunt Jackson, Ramona|And just like that, something inside shifted very subtly, so that all the empty spaces in him suddenly disappeared, so that his breath timed to hers, so that his blood sang. This is why there was music, he realized. There were some feelings that just didn’t have words big enough to describe them.
Jim Rohn|Learn to work harder on yourself than you do on your job. If you work hard on your job you can make a living, but if you work hard on yourself you'll make a fortune.
Smiley Blanton|I asked a coughing friend of mine why he doesn't stop smoking. "In this town it wouldn't do any good " he explained. "I happen to be a chain breather."
Bandile M Matsenjwa|Everytime I stare at your pictures I'm like "what kind of fool would ever miss this "But babyMy love for you is perceived as a diss
Donna Lynn Hope|Living in the box means being convinced that other people and our circumstances are responsible for our feelings and our helplessness to overcome them. What we can't see when we're in the box is that the way the world appears to us is our projection, and that we are making this projection to justify ourselves in self-betrayal. We cannot see that it's not others' actions but our accusations that result in our feeling offended.
Michael Scott, The Alchemyst|You must learn to heed your senses. Humans use but a tiny percentage of theirs. They barely look, they rarely listen, they never smell, and they think that they can only experience feelings through their skin. But they talk, oh, do they talk.
Sarah Wylie, All These Lives|Osteosarcoma sometimes takes a limb to check you out. The, if it like you, it takes the rest.
Alaya Dawn Johnson, Zombies Vs. Unicorns|What an excellent father you have, girls!' said she, when the door was shut. 'Such joys are scarce since the good Lord saw fit to close the gates of Hell and doom the dead to walk amongst us.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Somebody has to start. Somebody has to step forward and do what is right, because it is right.
David Foster Wallace, "E Unibus Pluram: Television and U.S. Fiction"|[sic] his reaction was a sign of civilization. Nobody reaches for a gun anymore, just for his lawyer.
|I started achieving a lot of things in a shorter period of time when I decided to start focusing on fewer goals, along with devoting more time and energy on them on a daily basis. Doing too many things all at the same time doesn't always result to productivity.
Terence McKenna|You must train your intuition - you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
|Opportunities to climb to greater heights will surely come. But the question is, are you ready to seize them when they do?
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Writing a check was easily done, and easily done with. It allows us to do "charity" while keeping at bay the inner tug that urges us to give more of ourselves and our time, rather than our possessions.
Annie Besant|I wish everybody finds the serenity that good, strong faith brings.
Agostino Scafidi, The Invisible Papers|If you look deep enough into anything, sense is always there to be made, wouldn’t you agree?
George W. Bush|Each person has inside a basic decency and goodness. If he listens to it and acts on it, he is giving a great deal of what it is the world needs most. It is not complicated but it takes courage. It takes courage for a person to listen to his own goodness and act on it.
Don DeLillo, White Noise|All plots tend to move deathward. This is the nature of plots. Political plots, terrorist plots, lovers’ plots, narrative plots, plots that are part of children’s games. We edge nearer death every time we plot. It is like a contract that all must sign, the plotters as well as those who are the targets of the plot.
Andrea Heltsley, Dissolve|You never know what the vodka will bring,” I laughed.“Oh, like the time you caught my hair on fire at the candlelight party in Mel’s basement! That was the craziest thing that I ever had happen to me. If you hadn’t switched to water, I would have been bald!”-Cora, Nessa
Mehmet Murat ildan|Once, my enemies were those I could seeNow the devil lies deep within meBut angels still nudge me, whispering follies of sinThis war is mine, and mine alone, to win.
Prateek Tripathi|Let others scream, because ultimately you know your story
Koushun Takami, Battle Royale|That was it. Shogo stopped breathing. The dim yellow light falling from the ceiling of the pilothouse shone on his pale face. He seemed at ease."Shogo!" Shuya yelled. He still had more to say. "You'll see Keiko! You'll be happy with her! You're--"It was too late. Shogo couldn't hear anything anymore. But his face just looked so damned peaceful."Damn it." Shuya's lips trembled along with his words. "Damn it."Holding Shogo's hands, Noriko was crying.Shuya also put his hand on Shogo's thick hand. A thought occured to him. He searched through Shogo's pockets and found the red bird call. He pressed it into Shogo's right hand and closed his hands over it so he could hold it. Shuya then finally burst into tears.
Christopher Fowler, Ten Second Staircase|It was true that the city could still throw shadows filled with mystifying figures from its past, whose grip on the present could be felt on certain strange days, when the streets were dark with rain and harmful ideas.
Marilyn Monroe|The best thing is to look natural, but it takes makeup to look natural.
Heather Simmons, Reinventing Dell|Unlike other product developers, Jobs did not believe the customer was always right; if they wanted to resist using a mouse, they were wrong.
Con Riley, After Ben|Maggie wasn't without her concerns, though. "What if he's crazy?""Yeah, that's a definite possibility," he agreed."What if he's not your type?""Then we'll only hook up in dark places.
Stafford Cripps|I think we lost a great deal of sympathy and support with the way in which the crisis was handled, most importantly I think when we appeared to be grasping for too much at one time instead of identifying our priorities in a much more responsible fashion.
Hubert Martin|The brittle seeds remained inside my soul, my tears the water that begged them to grow. And though I hate to admit it, you are my sun. Your light and warmth the last variables needed to see the seedlings burst and anchor. The roots in my soul, the flower and fruit in yours.
Pazaria Smith|Holiness is God's "special gift" to His people who believe in the finished work of Jesus Christ on the Cross. Holiness is the everyday work of the Holy Spirit in the heart and life of believers.
Darwun St. James, CRICKET|Cricket could barely believe her eyes... but when that shotgun went off with a boom, so did the snake. Up until yesterday, Cricket has never seen a snake fly!
Joseph Lewis, An Atheist Manifesto|I still remember our first meeting, when Albers brought him to my house. On the little carriage which carried him from the station, and which was hardly built with such loads in mind, sat a massive figure who appeared even more enormous by virtue of the thick overcoat he wore. Everything about him had the effect of extraordinary permanence and solidity: the deep bass voice; the tweed jacket, already, at that time, almost habitual; the appetite at dinner; and at night, the truly Cyclopean snoring, loud as a series of buzz saws, which frightened the other guests at my Chiemgau country house out of their peaceful slumbers.
Peggy Toney Horton|What is writing, after all, except fumbling in darkness endeavoring to light a candle?
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|In the moonlight which is always sad, as the light of the sun itself is--as the light called human life is--at its coming and its going.
Arthur C. Clarke|I love not man the less, but Nature more.
Summer Lane, Running with Wolves|I didn't care, because I loved him, and that was the end of every argument and the beginning of every promise.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it.
Lili St. Crow, Strange Angels|I rubbed at my temple, where the zit was gone. It still hurt a little , though, deep under the skin. I hate those zits that burrow underground. You think they've vanished, but no, they just barricade themselves right next to the bone and hurt.
Abhishek Rath|The total number of people who understand relativistic time, even after eighty years since the advent of special relativity, is still much smaller than the number of people who believe in horoscopes.
Anthony Liccione|Glimpses do ye seem to see of that mortally intolerable truth; that all deep, earnest thinking is but the intrepid effort of the soul to keep the open independence of her sea; while the wildest winds of heaven and earth conspire to cast her on the treacherous, slavish shore.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|The imagination is the spur of delights... all depends upon it, it is the mainspring of everything; now, is it not by means of the imagination one knows joy? Is it not of the imagination that the sharpest pleasures arise?
Josephine Humphreys, The Fireman's Fair|I might have changed, but that did not mean the sport had.
Dorothy   Thompson|Peace has to be created, in order to be maintained. It is the product of Faith, Strength, Energy, Will, Sympathy, Justice, Imagination, and the triumph of principle. It will never be achieved by passivity and quietism.
Murray Bail, Eucalyptus|A person meets thousands of different people across a lifetime, a woman thousands of different men, of all shades, and many more if she constantly passes through different parts of the world. Even so, of the many different people a person on average meets it is rare for one to fit almost immediately in harmony and general interest. For all the choices available the odds are enormous.The miracle is there to be grasped.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|Mrs. Ivanov's gentle face was pale and bewildered, her wrinkles falling in on themselves as though they'd given up trying to hold on to any expression other than sorrow.
Friedrich Nietzsche|In societies that profess some respect for law, suspects are apprehended and brought to fair trial. I stress 'suspects.'
Lydia Davis, The End of the Story|Another question I am frequently asked is, "What do you mean by recovery?" It has taken me a while to answer that one. I had been depending on other people's definitions of recovery until I developed one that worked for me (just as you must come to one that makes sense for you.) Mine is simple. For me, it is about fre
Arthur Miller|Be who your are, do not be what people want you to be
Peter Singer, Marx: A Very Short Introduction|Reason has always been obliterated by the sensation of profound solitude, perhaps that is why we replace the aching of isolation with the anguish of abuse.
Lisa Kleypas|Ah. That is the price of love, I'm afraid—the pain one suffers from its loss. I'm not convinced it's worth it. Perhaps if one must love, one should do so in moderation.""Moderation in love," she mused aloud. "It's not something that would inspire a poet, is it?""A poet's view of the world would make for an uncomfortable life, wouldn't it? Everyone at the mercy of his or her passions, all of us tearing our hair out for the sake of love...
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|The tyrant is a child of PrideWho drinks from his sickening cup Recklessness and vanity,Until from his high crest headlongHe plummets to the dust of hope.
Henry Rollins|Minimalism seems closest to the sophisticated storytelling of movies. Movies have really educated contemporary audiences to be the most intelligent, sophisticated audiences in history. We don't any longer need to have the relationship between one scene and the next explained. We will figure it out ourselves.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When your madness is creative and necessary, people will not notice the fact that you are crazy.
Russell Brand, My Booky Wook|People do this a lot. They don't seem to realise that the future is just like now, but in a little while, so they say they're going to do things in anticipation of some kind of seismic shift in their worldview that never actually materialises. But everything's not going to be made of leather, the world won't stink of sherbet. Tomorrow is not some mythical kingdom where you'll grow butterfly wings and be able to talk to animals - you'll basically feel pretty much the same way you do at the moment.
Jon Gresham, We Rose Up Slowly|Later, you told me what your mother had said. How your father, the farmer, rose up slowly. You told me how your mother wailed on the other end of the phone, grieving her loss and complaining about the basketball of a goitre perched on her shoulder. She told you, your father walked onto the veranda and saw a chook floating ten feet above the ground. The chook didn’t flap a feather and just sat there brooding, swaying in the breeze.
Arthur C. Clarke|You can dance. You can make me laugh.You've got x-ray eyes. You know how to sing. You're a diplomat. You've got it all. Everybody loves you. You can charm the birds out of the sky, But I, I've got one thing. You always know just what to say And when to go, But I've got one thing. You can see in the dark, But I've got one thing: I loved you better. Last night I woke up,Saw this angel. He flew in my window. And he said, Girl, pretty proud of yourself, huh?" And I looked around and said, Who me?" And he said, "The higher you fly, the faster you fall."He said, "Send it up. Watch it rise. See it fall, Gravity's rainbow. Send it up. Watch it rise. See it fall, Gravity's Angel.
Pope Benedict XVI, Eschatology: Death and Eternal Life|Scripture was given to the church, and theology is a necessary work of the church, by the church, in the church, and for the church.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Paladin of Souls|And the Bastard grant us... in our direst need, the smallest gifts: the nail of the horseshoe, the pin of the axle, the feather at the pivot point, the pebble at the mountain's peak, the kiss in despair, the one right word.
Deborah Feldman, Unorthodox: The Scandalous Rejection of My Hasidic Roots|Kiddo, you and me don't do so well in situations we can't control.''Don't think I care for that.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|There were moments in a person's life that they would carry with them until their dying day, and Finely knew the moment Jasper's heart broke would be one of those for her.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Only one answer will give a person the certain privilege, the joy, of entering heaven. “Because I have believed in Jesus Christ and accepted Him as my Savior.
Martin Landau|Inspiration is the greatest gift because it opens your life to many new possibilities. Each day becomes more meaningful, and your life is enhanced when your actions are guided by what inspires you.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|Some people don't like 'different', it makes them scaredOf people who aren't like them, I think that's weird.
Sachin sawariya|I know that , your time is very precious, But Dear .I am also a prince, we will not meet again and again
Mark Twain|The criminal who revolted against society hates it, and considers himself in the right; society was wrong, not he. Has he not, moreover, undergone his punishment? Accordingly he is absolved, acquitted in his own eyes. In spite of different opinions, everyone will acknowledge that there are acts which everywhere and always, under no matter what legal system, are beyond doubt criminal, and should be regarded as long as man is man.
Jason Bateman|On my 50th birthday in 2005, my discount-wielding AARP card came in the mail. I hurled it in the trash, put on something fabulous, and had a decadent meal. Just the thought of putting it in my wallet felt like a concession.
Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson, The Face on Your Plate: The Truth About Food|Imagine a land where people are afraid of dragons. It is a reasonable fear: dragons possess a number of qualities that make being afraid of them a very commendable response. Things like their terrible size, their ability to spout fire, or to crack boulders into splinters with their massive talons. In fact, the only terrifying quality that dragons do not possess is that of existence.Now, the people of this land know about dragons because their leaders have warned them about them. They tell stories about cruel dragons with razor teeth and fiery breath. They recount legends of dragons hunting by night on silent wings. In short, the leaders make sure that the people believe in all the qualities of dragons, including that key quality of existence. And then they control the people — when they need to — with their fear of dragons. The people pay a dragon-slaying tax … everyone stays indoors after dark to avoid being snatched by swooping claws … and nobody ever strays out of bounds for fear of being eaten well and tru
Debasish Mridha|When you are in love, you are in an aura of aplomb in the midst of adversity.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|It makes a great difference to the look of a novel whether its author believes that the world came late into being and continues to come by a creative act of God, or whether he believes that the world and ourselves are the product of a cosmic accident. It makes a great difference to his novel whether he believes that we are created in God's image, or whether he believes we create God in our own. It makes a great difference whether he believes that our wills are free, or bound like those of the other animals.
David Lee Roth|To be able to throw one's self away for the sake of a moment, to be able to sacrifice years for a woman's smile - that is happiness.
Ellen DeGeneres|I don't care what the haters and naysayers say. If they make jokes about me, I'll laugh because they'll probably be funny.
Tahereh Mafi, Destroy Me|Children need fairy tales, but it is just as essential that they have parents who tell them about their own lives, so that they can establish a relationship to the past.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|I thought it was a novel.”“It is.”“What’s it about??”“You’ll have to buy it to find out, but it’s got everything: love, death and an amusing dog.”“This one’s got a recipe for apple crumble,” I said.“Don’t you love that about the novel? The capaciousness?” he said.
Cornelius J., The Credit Repair Book: The Credit Repair Company's "Secret Weapon"|As for the committable comment, all geniuses are nuts, Heather, my patients appreciate it.
Deyth Banger|Death..." The voice dropped even more, black-gloved hands disappearing into the black folds of material. "Don't you feel it? We're all dead here...all...very...dead.
Rebecca Gober, Exposing ELE|I could use you—if you pass the tests, of course. There are three of them. You have passed the first.""What are the other—" Hrun paused, his lips moved soundlessly and then he hazarded, "two?
Claude Debussy|There is no theory. You have only to listen. Pleasure is the law. I love music passionately. And because l love it, I try to free it from barren traditions that stifle it. It is a free art gushing forth — an open-air art, boundless as the elements, the wind, the sky, the sea. It must never be shut in and become an academic art.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Case for Reparations|Won't reparations divide us? Not any more than we are already divided. The wealth gap merely puts a number on something we feel but cannot say - that American propserity was ill-gotten and selective in its distribution. What is needed is an airing of family secrets, a settling with old ghosts. What is needed is a healing of the American psyche and the banishment of white guilt.
Deyth Banger|They lied for new season after 5 for Breaking bad, they stopped the incrediable series "Lie to me", after season 3 there isn't other. It's horrible isn't it?
George Saunders, Tenth of December|Do not really like rich people, as they make us poor people feel dopey and inadequate. Not that we are poor. I would say we are middle. We are very, very lucky. I know that. But still, it is not right that rich people make us middle people feel dopey and inadequate.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Congratulations, man. What's her name?""Estelle. It was my grandmother's name. Um, on my mom's side, obviously. Not Poseidon's.""I approve," Alex said. "Old-fashioned and elegant. Estelle Jac
Aanu|Random makes you smart, random music makes your smart. So keep in touch with random, because random is your friend!
Charles Fishman, The Wal-Mart Effect: How the World's Most Powerful Company Really Works - and How It's Transforming the American Economy|Wal-Mart can't seem to grasp an essential fact: in 2006, the company has exactly the reputation it has earned. No, we don't give the company adequate credit for low prices. But the broken covenant Sam Walton had with how to treat store employees, the relentless pressure that hollows out companies and dilutes the quality of their products, the bullying of suppliers and communities, the corrosive secrecy, the way Wal-Mart has changed our own perception of price and quality, of value and durability--none of these is imaginary, or trivial, or easily changed with a fresh set of bullet points, an impassioned speech, and a website heavy with "Wal-Mart facts".If Wal-Mart does in fact double the gas mileage of its truck fleet, and thereby double the gas mileage of every long-haul truck in America, that will be huge. It will change gas consumption in the United States in a single stroke. But it hasn't happened yet. And even if it does, it will not make Wal-Mart a good company or a good corporate partner or a good corporate citizen.
Sunday Adelaja|Each day, wake up with a plan. Don’t just approach your days in an unfocused void. That state of mind leaves too much room for discontent, opposition, unhappiness and hopelessness.
Gretchen Rubin|Success, for me, is being able to wake up in the morning and feel like a 12 year old.
Charles Sheffield, Brother to Dragons|When Mama starts to move across a room, people pay attention. You can never be sure she's not going to grab you by the top of the head to steady herself. And she's pretty free with that walking stick, too.
M.R. Carey, Fellside|He lived far from the gods, but in his mind he was at home with them.
John Barth|The difference ‘twixt poet and coxcomb is precisely that the latter stops gaps like a ship fitter caulking seams, merely to keep the boat afloat, while the former doth his work as doth a man with a maid: he fills the gap, but with vigor, finesse, and care; there’s beauty and delight as well as utility in his plugging
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|Because things are not agreeable," said Jean Valjean, "that is no reason for being unjust towards God.
William Blake, Songs of Innocence and of Experience|When the stars threw down their spears, and watered heaven with their tears, did he smile his work to see? Did he who made the Lamb make thee?
David Morrell, The Successful Novelist: A Lifetime of Lessons about Writing and Publishing|To speak, to write , without charm is to make utterances without reference to a reality outside oneself. It is an act devoid of the playfulness of art, without the attractive humility of one who know absolutely that others exist and therefore feels drawn to please them, because to give them an instant of pleasure is to acknowledge their existence.
Pope Francis|Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|When seen with imagination, all things shift toward meaning, releasing energies that are hidden within appearances, releasing the inner wings of spirit, opening wide the doors to healing and wholeness.
Luschka van Onselen, Parenting In Tough Times|Once you've fixed the small things that consume your emotional and mental energy, you may be surprised to find you suddenly have time for the things you enjoy
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|It is not until an act occurs within the landscape of the past and future that it is a human act. Loyalty, which asserts the continuity of past and future, binding time into a whole, is the root of human strength; there is no good to be done without it.
Rabindranath Tagore|Life is a series of experiences, each one of which makes us bigger, even though sometimes it is hard to realize this. For the world was built to develop character, and we must learn that the setbacks and grieves which we endure help us in our marching onward.
Richard Dean Anderson|That attitude that fighting is probably not fair, but you have to defend yourself anyway and damage the enemy, has been profoundly consequential as far as my political activism goes.
Charles Saatchi|If I loved all the world as I do you, I shouldn't write books to it: I should only write letters to it, and that would be only a clumsy stage on the way to entire telepathy.
Ned Vizzini|you have to be the prude or the slut, and if you pick one, other people hate you for it, and you can’t trust anyone anymore, because they’re all after the same thing, and you see that you can never go back to how was before…
Eileen Munroe|I stood and looked at the large framed painting of the Pierrot clown that hung on her wall and sympathised with the tears that rolled down its cheek. Like the clown, I felt contained within a frame, the only difference being my tears were not for public show.
Mansi Laus Deo|I find it really fascinating that while in an attempt to look beautiful we tend to go for what's easily acceptable.But when it comes to portraits, it is only our facial flaws that make that picture worth its while, setting it apart.Isn't it amazing to find that beauty is something that makes us alike? While our flaws are the real contributors to our uniqueness.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|I don't recall that when I was in high school or college, any novel was ever presented to me to study as a novel. In fact, I was well on the way to getting a Master's degree in English before I really knew what fiction was, and I doubt if I would ever have learned then, had I not been trying to write it. I believe that it's perfectly possible to run a course of academic degrees in English and to emerge a seemingly respectable Ph.D. and still not know how to read fiction.
Ian Breward, Australia: "The Most Godless Place Under Heaven'?|The desire to experience new kinds of community led a number of thoughtful and idealistic people to reject the patterns of vocation, family life and religion with which they had grown up. Their attempt to establish new patterns of social bonding in uncontaminated rural retreats can be seen as a secular monasticism, but they often discovered that to abolish the boundaries of authority, family and property created a whole series of problems which they did not have the spiritual and personal resources to solve.At their best, such groups have opened up new horizons of discipleship, but they have often learned some hard lessons about the intractable sinfulness and selfishness of partly-redeemed human nature.
Sharon Law Tucker|I was born a strong, powerful woman, but was raised to be a victim.
Avina Celeste|Never put aside what you can do today. If you keep pushing your responsibilities to the side, one day they will catch up in unfavorable ways. Just do a little bit every day. If you are consistent, you will get the results you want.
Shannon L. Alder|Verily, I say unto thee, many are the adepts that have looked upon the back parts of my father, and cried, "our eyes fail before the glory of thy countenance.
Nessie Strange, Living Dead Girl|Hours of being asked:"Do you understand?" But for all of her answers, she never got around the one question I had wanted to ask."What does it feel like?
Jordon Greene, They'll Call It Treason|The illusion of free will, of freedom, is a useful tool you know. Let people think they are free and present them with a danger to their so-called freedom, a fear. It’s amazing how much you can get them to deal with just as long as you tell them they’re still free.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|To a man, professional soldiers despised terrorists, and each would dream about getting them in an even-up-battle; the idea of the Field of Honor had never died for the real professionals. It was the place where the ultimate decision was made on the basis of courage and skill, on the basis of manhood itself, and it was this concept that marked the professional soldier as a romantic, a person who truly believed in the rules.
Angela B. Wade, Fallen River|He tasted like summertime - of wicked thunderstorms, fresh clover, and wild honeysuckle - and I had the sensation of falling, my stomach tumbling over and over again until calm finally reached in, rooting deep and stretching out to encompass everything: my mind, my body. And my soul - whatever that was. The same clean, almost scentless breeze whipped over us again, just like it had the first night we’d met, and I could physically feel one chapter of my life closing and another beginning.
Angela Carter|How different things might be if, rather than saying "I think I'm in love," we were saying "I've connected with someone in a way that makes me think I'm on the way to knowing love." Or if instead of saying "I am in love" we say "I am loving" or "I will love." Our patterns around romantic love are unlikely to change if we do not change our language.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Idiot," I said, before grinning broadly and crushing his mouth to mine. "We need to pick new pet names for each other," he muttered as I hefted myself up from the ground.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Could it be? Samantha Kingston? Home? On a Friday?” I roll my eyes. “I don’t know. Did you do a lot of acid in the sixties? Could be a flashback.” “I was two years old in 1960. I came too late for the party.” He leans down and pecks me on the head. I pull away out of habit. “And I’m not even going to ask how you know about acid flashbacks.” “What’s an acid flashback?” Izzy crows. “Nothing,” my dad and I say at the same time, and he smiles at me.
Tablo|I’m fading, Bethany, I know it. I think that’s what happened to my dad, that’s why I can’t see him. One day I’ll be so see-through that you’ll forget I was ever here, just like everyone else has.
Erik Pevernagie|If we don’t manage to connect the dots anymore and the power of our imagination is creaking at the seams, in a world of withering expectations, we have to rewrite the script of our life. ("Into a new life")
George Eliot|Actually, I had a lot of good people with me - my mother's sister did a lot of taking care of me, and I suppose I got more attention than my stepbrothers because at least I got to travel with my parents.
Laura Goode, Sister Mischief|Part of me is afraid that everyone will laugh, that I’m a caricature of myself.
Gloria Gaither, Something Beautiful: The Stories Behind a Half-century of the Songs of Bill and Gloria Gaither|When we read of the great Biblical leaders, we see that it was not uncommon for God to ask them to wait, not just a day or two, but for years, until God was ready for them to act.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Whoa, who was that?”“Madison Stone,” Kiara mutters.“Introduce me to her.”“Why?”Because I know it’ll annoy the shit out of you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Information leads to transformation. If you are not inspired by being informed, you will expire by becoming deformed!
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|How does that put me in danger?” Nick asks. It’s the first question he’s asked the entire time. Devyn, however, has been Mr. Nonstop Wondering Question Guy.“Because . . .” I don’t know how to say it, struggle for the words. “Because you and I are a thing and you’re a threat.”“You better believe I’m a threat,” Nick growls. The entire car seems to shake with his energy. Little hairs on my arm lift and vibrate.“He’s going macho again,” Dev says, totally nonchalantly, while he unlocks the door.“He’s always going macho,” Is adds. “It must be the wolf thing.”“I am not going macho. I am always macho,” Nick says, and for a moment the tension ratchets down, but then his face muscles become rigid again.
Kenneth Clark, Civilisation|What happened? It took Gibbon six volumes to describe the decline and fall of the Roman Empire, so I shan’t embark on that. But thinking about this almost incredible episode does tell one something about the nature of civilisation. It shows that however complex and solid it seems, it is actually quite fragile. It can be destroyed.   What are its enemies?  Well, first of all fear — fear of war, fear of invasion, fear of plague and famine, that make it simply not worthwhile constructing things, or planting trees or even planning next year’s crops. And fear of the supernatural, which means that you daren’t question anything or change anything. The late antique world was full of meaningless rituals, mystery religions, that destroyed self-confidence. And then exhaustion, the feeling of hopelessness which can overtake people even with a high degree of material prosperity.   There is a poem by the modern Greek poet, Cavafy, in which he imagines the people of an antique town like Alexandria waiting every day for the barbarians to come and sack the city. Finally the barbarians move off somewhere else and the city is saved; but the people are disappointed — it would have been better than nothing. Of course, civilisation requires a modicum of material prosperity—  What civilization needs:  confidence in the society in which one lives, belief in its philosophy, belief in its laws, and confidence in one’s own mental powers. The way in which the stones of the Pont du Gard are laid is not only a triumph of technical skill, but shows a vigorous belief in law and discipline. Vigour, energy, vitality: all the civilisations—or civilising epochs—have had a weight of energy behind them. People sometimes think that civilisation consists in fine sensibilities and good conversations and all that. These can be among the agreeable results of civilisation, but they are not what make a civilisation, and a society can have these amenities and yet be dead and rigid.
Shannon Wiersbitzky, What Flowers Remember|me ... no me .. gone is gone , and i'm gone .. alone is alone .. it's so bad to feel alone , but i'm alone .. me , no more .. no more exist , but i don't exist , not anymore ! Good morning
Wally Lamb, The Hour I First Believed|[Writing about themselves] gives them wings, so that they can rise above the confounding maze of their lives and, from that perspective, begin to see the patterns and dead ends of their pasts, and a way out. That's the funny thing about mazes; what's baffling on the ground begins to make sense when you can begin to rise above it, the better to understand your history and fix yourself.
Blaise Pascal|Love, like a chicken salad or restaurant hash, must be taken with blind faith or it loses its flavor.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you admire the light, remember to give the darkness its due as well, because without it, the beauty of the light will disappear!
Adrianne Noel, The Year After|When you fail to educate a child, you are storing him up for a future disaster.” - Abdulazeez Henry Musa.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|There is a great deal in choosing colours that go well with one's complexion. People think of that of that for their dresses, but not for their rooms., which are of so much more importance. I should have liked blue, but blue gets so soon tawdry. I think, (...) that I have enough complexion at present to venture upon a pale spring green.
Darrell W. Johnson, Experiencing the Trinity|That girl has done things to your head.'He pats my back, 'Don’t pretend she’s not crawling inside of yours.
Valerie Fries Wade, Memoirs of Dakini: True Confessions of a Former Flower Child|What I wanted was to get away. But the moon was too far beyond, and there were white bits under me, where the flesh was shredded off and the bone gleamed that famed ivory, and those below cowered and, if they were not quick enough, were spattered in blood. Then came the jolt, as of a fall, and I saw the leg was caught in an ungainly way in the smaller branches of a mutamba tree, the foot hooked, long like that infamous fruit.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|If he took her into his arms, he would keep her. He wouldn't let her suffer the way the other mortals had when he'd left them. He would keep her, with his court's permission or without it. Irial wouldn't take her, and Keenan wouldn't stand between them.
مريد البرغوثي|The city was lovely. There could be no place in the world to which he belonged so completely.That was why he'd always dreamed of leaving, and why he'd always been so afraid to go.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|It is worth repeating at this point the theories that Ford had come up with, on his first encounter with human beings, to account for their peculiar habit of continually stating and restating the very very obvious, as in "It's a nice day," or "You're very tall," or "So this is it, we're going to die."His first theory was that if human beings didn't keep exercising their lips, their mouths probably shriveled up.After a few months of observation he had come up with a second theory, which was this--"If human beings don't keep exercising their lips, their brains start working.
Chesley Sullenberger|When the world lacks muscular and wise American leadership, it devolves into total chaos, which, in turn, produces unspeakable evils.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If we’ve somehow become convinced that the script we followed ‘yesterday’ can’t be edited, it will be incredibly difficult to tell the difference between ‘yesterday’ and ‘tomorrow’.
Jordan Dane, In the Arms of Stone Angels|In the stillness of headstones,Darkness is my blanket.And forever is my song.In the arms if stone angels, I'm not afraid.Because finally and completely,I belong.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Affection makes fools. Always, without exception, love digs a channel that's sooner or later flooded by the briny water of despair.
Dan Hill|The human imagination... has great difficulty in living strictly within the confines of a materialist practice or philosophy. It dreams, like a dog in its basket, of hares in the open.
Anthony Liccione|When God speaks about equity, that choice of word, makes us understand that God is not referring to the leaders of the land or the elite this time around. He is actually talking about how ordinary citizens of the land relate to each other in fairness and impartiality
Ivanka Trump|A part of me wants to sort of try and sound cool and feed this myth that I'm some sort of glamorous lothario, but I was raised by women - my mother and her mother and my aunts - and as a result, most of my friends have always been women.
Robin Gibb|As a child, I always chose a false nose and some face paint and a wig for my birthday.
Linda Ronstadt|I like sports, and swimming is my favorite. Doing physical exercises keeps one fit and healthy and helps one work more efficiently. I think we all need to strike a balance between work and relaxation. This can keep us energetic and help us do our job better.
Debasish Mridha|The wisest has nothing, knows nothing, but loves everything.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a land of opportunity to love, live, and enjoy beauty.
Cole Alpaugh, The Spy's Little Zonbi|The monkey liked most humans. They left food cans outside their homes for his family to rummage through in the morningsun. Some yelled and threw sticks, but were slow and didn’t bite. Humans were mostly harmless.
Franz Kafka, The Metamorphosis|Therefore, dearly beloved brethren, let us cheerfully do all things that lie in our power; and then may we stand still, with the utmost assurance, to see the salvation of God, and for his arm to be revealed.
Amy Jarecki, The Highland Henchman|Now that you made me a knight again", he said lightly, "I'll have to keep my mind on certain knightly virtues like chastity."Ciara could not remember that ever being a knightly virtue.
Padma Lakshmi|I personally think Prague is more romantic than Paris. If you have a girlfriend, take her there.
Human Angels, 365 Wisdom Pills|Being able to ask for helpis not a sign of weakness,it is a sign of strength.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Possibilities|It seems sometimes that we get so caught up in missing the past, or looking forward to the future, that we forget that this, right here and now, was once the days we longed for and will soon be the ones we miss.
Penney Peirce, Frequency: The Power of Personal Vibration|Welcome players… to both the story and experience of a survival-adventure ‘game’ that has become an extra reality for so many. It’s surely worth this telling since it’s as much your story as those involved in its creation, including so many scientists - those true pioneers - who still work to discover more of its secrets, in - and out - of the Source.
Jason Mraz|You can turn off the sun, but im still ganna shine!
Treasure Blue, Fly Betty|God gave man the strength to conquer the world, but God gave woman a vagina to conquer man
Daniel Ionson, And the Truth Shall Make You Flee: Confronting the Truth-Seekers' Fears and Failures|A spiritual relationship is not necessarily one in which two people are smiling all the time.  Spiritual means to be above all else, authentic.  Real work can only occur in the presence of rigorous honesty  We all long for that, but we're afraid of communicating honestly with another person because we think they'll leave us if they see who we really are.
Alfred Hitchcock|[on Martin Freeman playing Bilbo Baggins] It was great. I got to hang out with him, and I kept a straight face for a bit and then I started giggling because I know Martin, I don't know Bilbo. For Martin to be sitting there playing Bilbo is amazing. He's going to be amazing, he's going to be fantastic in this film.
S G|Memories haunting her,laughters chasing her,sweet talks stalking her.Everywhere she go,everything she does,it all leads back to him.
Sue Peters, Wheels of Conflict|Why was it that nine men out of ten thought women were incapable of doing anything but boiling potatoes? she thought furiously, and felt a savage sympathy for members of the Women's Lib movement, which up until now she had always faintly despised.
Roland H. Bainton, Erasmus of Christendom|In his last years Linacre gave up medicine for the Church and then for the first time read the gospels. On so doing he exclaimed, 'Either this is not the gospel or we are not Christians.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|I daren't come and drink," said Jill. Then you will die of thirst," said the Lion.Oh dear!" said Jill, coming another step nearer."I suppose I must go and look for another stream then."There is no other stream," said the Lion.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|It will be your duty, and it will be your pleasure too to estimate her (as you chose her) by the qualities that she has, and not by the qualities she may not have.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|As long as you think like that, you'll be as brainless and helpless as the actual cuff of Astia. Use your will, Elli, for surely you have one. How else did you survive the torture that nearly killed you? How else did you make it to the woods? How else are you right here, after weeks of winter spent living in a cave, for stars' sake, looking stronger and healthier than I ever expected? No will, my arse.
Jaimie Roberts, Deviant|As I circled the room like a lion about to pounce, another animal, bordering on domestic fucking cat stepped behind Tyler and grabbed her by the waist for a dance. I thought she was going to tell him no thanks, like the others, but instead she looked at me challengingly and accepted the man’s advances.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|Today I wonder why it is God refers to Himself as 'Father' at all. This, to me, in light of the earthly representation of the role, seems a marketing mistake.
Eve Montelibano|Nevertheless, now that I have met you, I know that all that I am, and all that I have, could not match what you are worth.
John Updike, Rabbit Is Rich|There is madness in youth, but sometimes a god inspires it.
Virginia Woolf|I'm a big romantic, so I love guys who are romantic too.
Jules Verne, Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea|Men are what they are because of what they do, not what they say.
Burton Raffel, 41 Stories|Art does not have to be dull, to be effective; the artist does not have to be a bore, to be real.
Elizabeth C. Bunce, A Curse Dark as Gold|Paddy Eagan, stay away from falling signs for a bit and you'll be as right as rain come the weekend.
Ariel Tachi-ren|All beings are vast multidimensional masters. They may be exploring divinity or limitation, but they are masters nonetheless. Then it becomes ok to simply allow them their process.
Josh Fox|Alaska is what happens when Willy Wonka and the witch from Hansel and Gretel elope, buy a place together upstate, renounce their sweet teeth, and turn into health fanatics.
Jim Rash|I'm the guy that gets up at three in the morning to jot down an entire sheet of lyrics for something that won't be recorded for six months. You have to get it down when you can, because thoughts are fluid.
William Shakespeare|Had he not resembled My father as he slept I had done't!" Macbeth
Sara Keddar|The sadness was I'd lost a father I had never fully found. It's like a tune that ends before you've heard it out. Your whole life through you search to catch the strain, and seek the face you've lost in strangers' faces.
Kitt Weagant, Each Day a New Beginning: Daily Meditations for Women|Our desire to grow, to make a place for ourselves… to know we have counted in the lives of others, is healthy and necessary to our existence…
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|I believe that reading and writing are the most nourishing forms of meditation anyone has so far found. By reading the writings of the most interesting minds in history, we meditate with our own minds and theirs as well. This to me is a miracle.
M.A. George, Proximity|Don’t be so concerned,” he whispered. “We will get through this, I promise.” “What makes you so certain?” I couldn’t help my skepticism.“We have no other choice,” he replied matter-of-factly. “Is that really all you can come up with?” I scowled. “Couldn’t you just lie and tell me you have some kind of secret badass weapon that is going to make this a piece of cake?
Martha Stout|We are a sum total of what we have learned from all who have taught us, both great and small.
Pyotr Kropotkin|The man Of virtuous soul commands not, nor obeys:Power, like a desolating pestilence,Pollutes whate'er it touches, and obedience,Bane of all genius, virtue, freedom, truth,Makes slaves of men, and, of the human frame,A mechanised automaton.
Himmilicious|I have no doubt that they'll tell you a lot of kind things about me when my back is turned. They may not have been behind the door when God passed out the pretty faces, but Heaven only knows where they were when He divided up the gratitude.
Onee'sha Ford|TUmblr Quotes'stay strong''take a chance, you never know what might happen''don't give up on things that make you smile''my biggest fear is growing up
Hippocratic OAth|It just shows you that if you take a plain, ordinary, moronic intern and make him do the same things over and over again until he loses is mind, you can teach him to do almost anything. I think now that I've mastered IVs, I might take up neurosurgery in my spare time.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.
Douglas Coupland|Dimanchophobia:Fear of Sundays, not in a religious sense but rather, a condition that reflects fear of unstructured time. Also known as acalendrical anxiety. Not to be confused with didominicaphobia, or kyriakephobia, fear of the Lord's Day.Dimanchophobia is a mental condition created by modernism and industrialism. Dimanchophobes particularly dislike the period between Christmas and New Year's, when days of the week lose their significance and time blurs into a perpetual Sunday. Another way of expressing dimanchophobia might be "life in a world without calendars." A popular expression of this condition can be found in the pop song "Every Day is Like Sunday," by Morrissey, in which he describes walking on a beach after a nuclear way, when every day of the week now feels like Sunday.
David Rakoff, Half Empty|Satan is screaming lies over us all day long. And God whispers the truth is a still, small voice. So often the voice we listen to most is the one we hear loudest.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|John F. Kennedy says: ‘Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.’ I suggest that forgive your enemies and forget their names too! Don’t leave any stone in your head; keep only the flowers, only the names of the good men!
Ursula K. Le Guin|...each of us has an explanatory style... And our explanation is more important than the experience itself. In the words of Aldous Huxley, "Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|Dude, we both know it's only going to get worse. You're like a ticking sex bomb.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|If it weren’t for her setting me free, I may still be a caged bird today, holding my own daughter captive on a shit-laden perch.
Layla M. Wier, Homespun|Sometimes when you hold on too loosely, it's as if you aren't holding on at all.
Joseph Stalin|Death consists, indeed, in a repeated process of unrobing, or unsheathing. The immortal part of man shakes off from itself, one after the other, its outer casings, and - as the snake from its skin, the butterfly from its chrysalis - emerges from one after another, passing into a higher state of consciousness.
David Michie, The Dalai Lama's Cat|In Buddhism we also interprete Dharma to mean 'cessation,' as in the end of dissatisfaction, the end of dukkha. This is the purpose of Buddha's teachings.
Christie Brinkley|Most of us pass our lives never once laying eyes on our own organs, the most precious and amazing things we own. Until something goes wrong, we barely give them thought. This seems strange to me. How is it that we find Christina Aguilera more interesting than the inside of our own bodies?
Edward Hallett Carr|Experience teaches is such a lovely saying. However, when people try not to make the mistakes of what history and experience has taught, they are criticized for it. They are told that because they have not experienced it, they cannot appreciate it, and thus never know it. However, at the same time, people want you to learn from past mistakes and past experiences, in order to make a better choice for yourself. So let me ask you, which is the hypocrite? Is it history or is it today?
Meghan Tifft|That is why my first and most pressing question seems like such an outright act of mutiny. What I want to know is, since when does making art require participation in any community, beyond the intense participation that the art itself is undertaking? Since when am I not contributing to the community if all I want to do is make the art itself? Isn’t the art itself my intimate communication with others, with the world, with the unfolding spectacle of the human struggle as we live and coexist on this earth?
Laura Bush, Spoken from the Heart|...if Clinton's answers come off as well-intended lectures, Obama is offering soaring sermons and generational opportunity. In 1960, the articulate Adlai Stevenson compared his own oratory unfavorably with John F. Kennedy's. "Do you remember," Stevenson said, "that in classical times when Cicero had finished speaking, the people said, 'How well he spoke,' but when Demosthenes had finished speaking, the people said, 'Let us march.' " At this hour, Obama is the Democrats' Demosthenes.
Vladimir Nabokov|The more you love a memory, the stronger and stranger it is.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Their glee was greater glee in the fact that he was a good man, than he was any off-the-street kind of a guy who did this sort of thing without needing temptation...They delighted in the pain in the pain this would cause his wife and family..
Ellen Hopkins, Rumble|A continual diet of the Word satisfies, and it builds an appetite for more.
Frederick Turner|Ours is a shockingly dead view of creation. We ourselves are the only things in the universe to which we grant an authentic vitality, and because of this we are not fully alive.
Terry Tempest Williams, Pieces of White Shell|Story is the umbilical cord that connects us to the past, present, and future. Family. Story is a relationship between the teller and the listener, a responsibility. . . . Story is an affirmation of our ties to one another.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael: An Adventure of the Mind and Spirit|Kid, I've only known you two days and I've seen you plastered three times." He shook his head. "A bar would not be a good career move for you.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Great idea," I said. "Call the police. Call the fucking police.
Osho, Dang Dang Doko Dang|Sometimes it happens that you become one, in some rare moment. Watch the ocean, the tremendous wildness of it--and suddenly you forget your split, your schizophrenia; you relax. Or, moving in the Himalayas, seeing the virgin snow on the Himalayan peaks, suddenly a coolness surrounds you and you need not be false because there is no other human being to be false to. You fall together.
Lloyd Alexander, The Illyrian Adventure|Yes, movies! Look at them — All of those glamorous people — having adventures — hogging it all, gobbling the whole thing up! You know what happens? People go to the movies instead of moving! Hollywood characters are supposed to have all the adventures for everybody in America, while everybody in America sits in a dark room and watches them have them! Yes, until there's a war. That's when adventure becomes available to the masses! Everyone's dish, not only Gable's! Then the people in the dark room come out of the dark room to have some adventures themselves — Goody, goody! — It's our turn now, to go to the south Sea Island — to make a safari — to be exotic, far-off! — But I'm not patient. I don't want to wait till then. I'm tired of the movies and I am about to move!
Nana Awere Damoah, I Speak of Ghana|Denys had a way of seeing everything as if he knew it would never be there exactly the same again. He understood how nothing ever holds still for us, or should. The trick is learning to take things as they come and fully, too, with no resistence or fear, not trying to grip them too tightly or make them bend.
M.T.C. Cronin|Look into words for the tomb of spacewhere beauties & stones & eternities untangle.(...)In them is the flood which bothers the seaand the songs which need no music.Say these words that evolve into silence,whose language survives not being understood.Pronounce those which are unpalatable &untangle from all the world wants to hear.
Abby Wambach|In 1919, at the Paris Peace Conference, Japan had put forward a proposal to guarantee racial equality at the League of Nations, but Woodrow Wilson overturned it in the face of majority support.
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|...I suppose it is a lingering trace of Plutarch and my ineradicable boyish imagination that at bottom our State should be wise, sane, and dignified, that makes me think a country which leaves its medical and literary criticism, or indeed any such vitally important criticism, entirely to private enterprise and open to the advances of any purchaser much be in a frankly hopeless condition.
Orson Scott Card, Ender in Exile|The choice of life is not between fame and fortune, nor wealth and poverty, but between good and evil.
