Victor Pelevin, Omon Ra|As additional precautions, Kranz requested that a two-hundred-foot radio antenna (called a deep-space dish) in Australia be added to the global network tracking and communicating with the spacecraft, and that additional computers at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland be what he called "cranked up" -- made ready for use. He also telephoned the Real Time Computer Complex on the ground floor of the Operations Wing to ask that an additional I.B.M. computer be brought onto the line.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|If you care about something you have to protect it – If you’re lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|When gossip starts, be deaf.
Dan Simmons, The Fall of Hyperion|There would be no more offerings. Not this day. Not any day. Humankind had suffered enough for its love of gods, its long search for God. He thought of the many centuries in which his people, the Jews, had negotiated with God, complaining, bickering, decrying the unfairness of things but always - always - returning to obedience at whatever the cost. Generations dying in the ovens of hatred. Future generations scarred by the cold fires of radiation and renewed hatred.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|There may be something going on in your life right now, that seems like a giant, so big that you think it's impossible to conquer. But, remember no matter how gigantic your problems may be, you have everything in you to overcome. You have the power to say to that mountain move, get out my way. Activate your faith, and watch it happen. The victory is yours!
C. JoyBell C., Saint Paul Trois Chateaux: 1948|Lucy seemed to be imprisoned by a legion of people in her life who always wanted what was right for her. And as a result, in the eyes of everyone, she had everything... and yet she always, always felt she had nothing. No one.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|Or perhaps it was simply that things were happening inside her, terrible things, which no one else could even guess at, and thus it was impossible for her to engage with everyday life at the same time. If so, she would naturally have no energy left, not just for curiosity or interest but indeed for any meaningful response to all the humdrum minutiae that went on on the surface.
John Yoo|While Taliban fighters had an initial claim to protection under the conventions, they lost POW status by failing to obey the standards of conduct for legal combatants: wearing uniforms, a responsible command structure, and obeying the laws of war.
Nicholson Baker, Traveling Sprinkler|You float like a feather," sings Radiohead, "In a beautiful world." I've listened several times to the Radiohead songs, because it was nice of Raymond to say he heard a bit of them in what I sang. I'm not sure I hear it myself, but I am pleased and touched. Sometimes that's what you need, just a quick casual word of knowledgeable encouragement. Radiohead reminds me a little of the songs in Garden State soundtrack. Now, that's a soundtrack. They were all songs that Zach Braff liked, so he put them in his movie. And there's that beautiful moment near the beginning where Natalie Portman hands him the headphones and she watches him listen to the song and she smiles her huge, innocent Natalie Portman smile.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Anyone who tells a lie has not a pure heart, and cannot make a good soup. 
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|So in order to accommodate the Pioneers who would begin arriving in a few weeks, the Arkitects sent up Scouts. The qualifications for being a Scout seemed to be a shocking level of physical endurance, a complete disregard for mortal danger, and some knowledge of how to exist in a space suit. All of them were Russians.
Jonathan Safran Foer|A lot of the problems I had with fame I was bringing on myself. A lot of self-loathing, a lot of woe-is-me. Now I'm learning to see the positive side of things, instead of, like, 'I can't go to Kmart. I can't take my kids to the haunted house.'
Randy Alcorn, Courageous|God, in his infinite wisdom, hid Hell in the middle of Paradise, to keep us on our toes.
Wendy Thacher Jensen, Practical Handbook of Veterinary Homeopathy: Healing Our Companion Animals from|This book is written for our animals, who trust us with their safekeeping. To keep them healthy, we turn to modern medicine, but it is ill-equipped to address chronic disease in our animals and ourselves. We have become dependent on pharmaceuticals to address every ailment, one at a time. There is a different way. What if we as animal lovers could change our focus from individual symptoms to an awareness of the whole animal and their innate ability to heal? Then we would be well on our way to making our beloved companions' lives a lot better.
imahmedyounis|A balloon seller sells his breath till death to spread happiness, while he can't taste any of it.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|She was quit a handsome man, my sister.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Remember, a book is always a gift.
Seth Godin|Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.
Kierra C.T. Banks|Im not looking for perfection, just perfect flaws.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|God is Infinite Wisdom, and Power, and Goodness - and LOVE; but if this idea is too vast for your human faculties - if your mind loses itself in its overwhelming infinitude, fix it on Him who condescended to take our nature upon Him, who was raised to Heaven even in His glorified human body, in whom the fulness of the Godhead shines.
Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest|A Christian people doesn't mean a lot of goody-goodies. The Church has plenty of stamina, and isn't afraid of sin. On the contrary, she can look it in the face calmly and even take it upon herself, assume it at times, as Our Lord did. When a good workman's been at it for a whole week, surely he's due for a booze on Saturday night. Look: I'll define you a Christian people by the opposite. The opposite of a Christian people is a people grown sad and old. You'll be saying that isn't a very theological definition. I agree...Why does our earliest childhood always seem so soft and full of light? A kid's got plenty of troubles, like everybody else, and he's really so very helpless, quite unarmed against pain and illness. Childhood and old age should be the two greatest trials of mankind. But that very sense of powerlessness is the mainspring of a child's joy. He just leaves it all to his mother, you see. Present, past, future -- his whole life is caught up in one look, and that look is a smile. Well, lad, if only they'd let us have our way, the Church might have given men that supreme comfort. Of course they'd each have their own worries to grapple with, just the same. Hunger, thirst, poverty, jealousy -- we'd never be able to pocket the devil once and for all, you may be sure. But man would have known he was the son of God; and therein lies your miracle. He'd have lived, he'd have died with that idea in his noddle -- and not just a notion picked up in books either -- oh, no! Because we'd have made that idea the basis of everything: habits and customs, relaxation and pleasure, down to the very simplest needs. That wouldn't have stopped the labourer ploughing, or the scientist swotting at his logarithms, or even the engineer making his playthings for grown-up people. What we would have got rid of, what we would have torn from the very heart of Adam, is that sense of his own loneliness...God has entrusted the Church to keep [the soul of childhood] alive, to safeguard our candour and freshness... Joy is the gift of the Church, whatever joy is possible for this sad world to share... What would it profit you even to create life itself, when you have lost all sense of what life really is?
KaDee Strickland|If a brain is exercised properly, anyone can grow intelligence, at any age, and potentially by a lot. Or you can just let your brain idle - and watch it slowly, inexorably, go to seed like a sedentary body.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|There are metaphors more real than the people who walk in the street. There are images tucked away in books that live more vividly than many men and women. There are phrases from literary works that have a positively human personality. There are passages from my own writing that chill me with fright, so distinctly do I feel them as people, so sharply outlined do they appear against the walls of my room, at night, in shadows... I've written sentences whose sound, read out loud or silently (impossible to hide their sound), can only be of something that acquired absolute exteriority and a full-fledged soul.
Mapogo Chuene|I may like easy choices, but I appreciate the difficult ones more.
William Makepeace Thackeray, The Memoirs of Barry Lyndon, Esq. written by himself|It was in the reign of George II. that the above-named personages lived and quarrelled ; good or bad, handsome or ugly, rich or poor, they are all equal now
Valentine Glass, Finding the Best Man|He wants to use my body, to take advantage, and I want to let him. I want to be someone’s one night stand, some blithe slut... I want to allow myself to be like all those women I pretended to look down upon all my life, but whom I secretly envied for having the guts to have their legs spread by strange men in smoky bars.
Roger Ebert|Never marry someone who doesn’t love the movies you love. Sooner or later, that person will not love you.
John Tsilimparis, Retrain Your Anxious Brain: Practical and Effective Tools to Conquer Anxiety|When you're anxious, don't immediately trust your automatic thoughts because oftentimes these thoughts are irrational. Thoughts are not facts. They're just thoughts and sometimes don't need to be given so much importance.
Boep Joeng|History has to live with what was here,clutching and close to fumbling all we had -it is so dull and gruesome how we die,unlike writing, life never finishes.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Lady Maccon stopped suddenly. Her husband got four long strides ahead before he realized she had paused. She was starring thoughtfully up into the aether, twirling the deadly parasol about her head."I have just remembered something," Alexia said when he returned to her side."Oh, that explains everything. How foolish of me to think you could walk and remember at the same time.
Jane Welsh Carlyle|Five decades ago, as India's first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, began visibly ailing, the nation and the world were consumed by the question: 'After Nehru, who?' The inexpressible fear lay in the subtext to the question: 'After Nehru, what?'
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Julian had heard stories-whispers really-of other Shadowhunter children who thought or felt differently. Who had trouble focusing. Who claimed letters rearranged themselves on the page when they tried to read them. Who fell prey to dark sadnesses that seemed to have no reason, or fits of energy they couldn't control.Whispers were all there were, though, because the Clave hated to admit that Nephilim like that existed. They were disappeared into the 'dregs' portion of the Academy, trained to stay out of the way of other Shadowhunters. Sent to the far corners of the globe like shameful secrets to be hidden. There were no words to describe Shadowhunters whose minds were shaped differently, no real words to describe differences at all.Because if there were words, Julian thought, there would have to be acknowledgement. And there were things the Clave refused to acknowledge.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|Sleep had ceased to be a mere physical necessity; it was something voluptuous, and debauch more than a relief.
Alexander Pushkin|I have outlasted all desire,My dreams and I have grown apart;My grief alone is left entire,The gleamings of an empty heart.The storms of ruthless dispensationHave struck my flowery garland numb,I live in lonely desolationAnd wonder when my end will come.Thus on a naked tree-limb, blastedBy tardy winter's whistling chill,A single leaf which has outlastedIts season will be trembling still.
Dez Schwartz, The Revelation of Dacey Sinnett|Get in here and make me some dinner—now, woman.""News flash, Michael, you're supposed to be evil, not redneck!
Michael Muhammad Knight, The Taqwacores|The idea behind verses about the sealing of hearts appears to be the psychological law that if a person once does a good or an evil deed, his chances of repeating that kind of action increase and of doing its opposite proportionately decrease. With constant repetition of an evil or of a good action, it becomes almost impossible for a person to do the opposite, or even to think of it, so much so that while men's hearts become "sealed" and their eyes "blinded" if they do evil, their doing good produces such a state of mind that the devil himself can have no sway over it. Nevertheless, actions which create a psychological habit, however strong their influence may be, must not be construed as absolute determinants, for there is no "point of no return" for human behavior: genuine repentance (tauba) can turn an apparently wholly evil man into a paragon of virtue; on the other hand, although this is much more rare, an apparent paragon of virtue (even a prophet!) can turn into a near devil enmeshed in carnal pleasures .
Val McDermid|By 1973, we had a space station, the Skylab, and we had multiple probes going up to planets. So, all this wonderful stuff happened in 10 to 15 years. About that time, there should have been enormous initiatives to make it affordable for people to fly in space, not just a handful of trained NASA astronauts and Russian cosmonauts.
Terry Spear, The Winged Fae|...She squeezed Niall's hand and bleakly said, "I don't want you hurt.""Oh, Serena, that's all I have to know." And with that, he kissed her so passionately, she felt as though she had fae transported to the moon and back...
Michael Specter|An inspiration - a long, deep breath of the pure air of thought - could alone give health to the heart.
Indian Navy|if u think thaat achieving ur goals is the true measure of ur potential then u dont neeed us but if u think that u have the will to go beyond the limits of glory then come lets join us,,, after all u r what u want to be....
Willa Cather, O Pioneers!|Nothing changes until people decide to do the things they must, in order to bring about peace.
Darryl F. Zanuck|If two men on the same job agree all the time, then one is useless. If they disagree all the time, both are useless.
Joseph Rotblat|It’s comforting to me,” he added, “that beauty can come from violence, if only in metaphor.
Dee Farrell, Warrior Heart|But now, here were the British among us, upon our soil where the sun rises over one lake and sets upon another.
Christy Turlington|Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves.
W.H. Auden, Another Time|SEPTEMBER 1, 1939I sit in one of the divesOn Fifty-second StreetUncertain and afraidAs the clever hopes expireOf a low dishonest decade:Waves of anger and fearCirculate over the brightAnd darkened lands of the earth,Obsessing our private lives;The unmentionable odour of deathOffends the September night.Accurate scholarship canUnearth the whole offenceFrom Luther until nowThat has driven a culture mad,Find what occurred at Linz,What huge imago madeA psychopathic god:I and the public knowWhat all schoolchildren learn,Those to whom evil is doneDo evil in return.Exiled Thucydides knewAll that a speech can sayAbout Democracy,And what dictators do,The elderly rubbish they talkTo an apathetic grave;Analysed all in his book,The enlightenment driven away,The habit-forming pain,Mismanagement and grief:We must suffer them all again.Into this neutral airWhere blind skyscrapers useTheir full height to proclaimThe strength of Collective Man,Each language pours its vainCompetitive excuse:But who can live for longIn an euphoric dream;Out of the mirror they stare,Imperialism's faceAnd the international wrong.Faces along the barCling to their average day:The lights must never go out,The music must always play,All the conventions conspireTo make this fort assumeThe furniture of home;Lest we should see where we are,Lost in a haunted wood,Children afraid of the nightWho have never been happy or good.The windiest militant trashImportant Persons shoutIs not so crude as our wish:What mad Nijinsky wroteAbout DiaghilevIs true of the normal heart;For the error bred in the boneOf each woman and each manCraves what it cannot have,Not universal loveBut to be loved alone.From the conservative darkInto the ethical lifeThe dense commuters come,Repeating their morning vow;'I will be true to the wife,I'll concentrate more on my work,'And helpless governors wakeTo resume their compulsory game:Who can release them now,Who can reach the dead,Who can speak for the dumb?All I have is a voiceTo undo the folded lie,The romantic lie in the brainOf the sensual man-in-the-streetAnd the lie of AuthorityWhose buildings grope the sky:There is no such thing as the StateAnd no one exists alone;Hunger allows no choiceTo the citizen or the police;We must love one another or die.Defenseless under the nightOur world in stupor lies;Yet, dotted everywhere,Ironic points of lightFlash out wherever the JustExchange their messages:May I, composed like themOf Eros and of dust,Beleaguered by the sameNegation and despair,Show an affirming flame.
Semezdin Mehmedinović, Sarajevo Blues|People quickly forget evil because they still haven't created a language to describe it so the world refuses to carry the burden, preferring to forget.
Paul Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|If teaching is reduced to mere data transmission, if there is no sharing or excitement and wonder, if teachers themselves are passive recipients of information and not creators of new ideas, what hope is there for their students?
Michael Bassey Johnson|It may be that you will be happiest in the rat race; perhaps, like me, you are basically a rat.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|Clear skies, cousin". Good luck, he means. There are never clear skies on Avon, no blue, no stars. But we don't give up hope, and we use those words to remind ourselves. Clear skies will come, one day.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Humankind demonstrates an unerring ability to witness beauty. By observing nature’s beauty and striving to create beautiful things, humankind brokers its own salvation.
Asa Don Brown|Dad was thirsty, not given to great displays of affection, like his father and his father's father before him. A long line of self-indulgent men who couldn't give love but lived to take it, which isn't the same as receiving it. They were all in so much pain and that's always the perfect excuse.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The main secret of his progress, the secret of all wisdom, was, that with him action was the beginning and end of thought.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Shadows|You can't look at someone and tell what they've been through. The scars that hurt the most are never visible on the surface.~Caillen, page 243.
Jeanette Coron|Boundaries come after grace, because compassion minds the fragile places but boundaries keep them from compromising the rest. Brokenness may have legitimate origins, but left unchecked, a wound becomes infected and poisons the whole body (and subsequently, everyone around). Wounds must be attended to heal. With an unhealthy limb, the rest of the body overcompensates through manipulation, aggression, or blaming. Boundaries here are kind. Better to apply direct pressure to the wound than pretend it is well; this may get worse before better, but it is way of healing.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|The act of living one's own destiny includes a series of stages that are far beyond our understanding, whose objective is always to... make us learn the lessons necessary to fulfill our own destiny.
Mark Cantrell, Silas Morlock|If arts and music, precious gifts in themselves, were akin to memory, literature was the self-knowing of the species; the human mind accumulated, a manifest of wisdom and knowledge, self-doubt and awareness, folly and foible, all transmitted through the generations. Books amplified the light of mind, reinforced the soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Call on the Saviour, He will save you.
Paul B. Rainey|The somatotype of the cat or any animal from quadruped to biped partially determines the perspective of the creature. The physiology of any given creature will alter its understanding of its environment. A close look then at the physiology of cats and dogs and one biped, in particular, the primate, should give anyone a clear reason for the biological and psychological shaping of religion. This examination of cats, dogs and then other primates, humanity's cousins, in comparison with some religious ideals, will show just how physiological perspectives would and have influenced religious dogma or cat-ma as the case may be.
William Penn|We were never supposed to worship time like we worship the sun and the light it brings.The only gift that time brings us, as human beings, is a signal that our life here on Earth is not permanent, it is fleeting.
Dada Bhagwan|Whose vow can you abide by? You can take a vow of an idol, because an idol has no ownership. You can abide by a vow of a living being, provided he is not the owner of his body, however if he is the owner of his body, you cannot take his vow, because one day he will make you stumble.
Victoria Danann, Vampire Hunter|After all, the Indo-European word cunt was derived from the goddess Kunda or Cunti, and shares the same root as kin and country.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Shadows|Dawson!” Ash yelled from below. “What are you doing? Stop! Do something, Adam!”Adam’s laugh followed. “Someone needed to put Andrew in his place. I always figured it would be Daemon. Who knew.
Crissi Langwell, The Road to Hope|You don't get to choose," Lincoln said. "It's just happening.
Bill Buford, Heat: An Amateur's Adventures as Kitchen Slave, Line Cook, Pasta-Maker, and Apprentice to a Dante-Quoting Butcher in Tuscany|If the sky falls, there'll be a bigger sky behind it.
Geoff Mulgan|But I think it's hard for me to only put out one record a year. Because I get too antsy. But it's good I'm learning to do that, because each record counts. And you should make it count.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|Growing older doesn't mean that you are more mature than everyone who is younger than you. Maturity is a lot of things, and age has nothing to do with it.
R. T. Kendall|We must let God be Himself in us. This means that we must let Him be Himself in others too. We ought not to judge the style of another person’s worship.But worship that is elitist or is reduced to the level of popular entertainment, worship that is emotional or aesthetic is worship in name only. It has the external form without the reality. What we long for is living worship. But how does this come about?Our churches should not be places where the unregenerate come on Sundays because they “like the worship.” Our churches ought to be places where the unregenerate feel uncomfortable because it is the Spirit who is important and who comes first. Our controlling principle must be obedience to the Spirit—no matter where He leads us.Psalm 37:4 is true for all of us, whomever we are or whatever we want. But when we delight ourselves in the Lord, some of our desires may wither away and be replaced by new ambitions. So it will not do to envisage a definite goal concerning the form our worship must take. We must first of all be sure that we are delighting ourselves in the Lord and then see what God does.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|All I'd ever wanted was to forget. but even when I thought I had, pieces had kept emerging, like bits of wood floating up to the surface that only hint at the shipwreck below.
Holly Black|It'll be interesting to see if I ever have to play a typical, bland romantic interest. I'm quirky, and playing it kind of straight and bland doesn't interest me a whole lot.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|Reading thus introduces an "art" which is anything but passive.
K.J. Kilton|And if your friend does evil to you, say to him, ''I forgive you for what you did to me, but how can I forgive you for what you did to yourself?
Winston Churchill|The "C" students run the world.
Colin S. Smith, The 10 Greatest Struggles of Your Life|People simply say “Struggles bring you success”, but they do not understand that those struggles certainly fuck us too.
Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted|A motion picture, or music, or television, they have to maintain a certain decorum in order to be broadcast to a vast audience. Other forms of mass media cost too much to produce a risk reaching only a limited audience. Only one person. But a book. . . . A book is cheap to print and bind. A book is as private and consensual as sex. A book takes time and effort to consume - something that gives a reader every chance to walk away. Actually, so few people make the effort to read that it's difficult to call books a "mass medium." No one really gives a damn about books. No one has bothered to ban a book in decades.
Lady Gaga|You're not Dostoevsky,' said the citizeness, who was getting muddled by Koroviev. Well, who knows, who knows,' he replied. 'Dostoevsky's dead,' said the citizeness, but somehow not very confidently. 'I protest!' Behemoth exclaimed hotly. 'Dostoevsky is immortal!
Lee Kun-hee|The great disadvantage of our present electoral system is that it freezes the pattern of politics, and holds together the incompatible because everyone assumes that if a party splits it will be electorally slaughtered.
Larissa Ione, Chained by Night|...but sometimes mindless entertainment was a release of its own. Most important, mindless entertainment didn’t come with complications.
Jonathan Safran Foer|Brod's life was a slow realization that the world was not for her, and that for whatever reason, she would never be happy and honest at the same time. She felt as if she were brimming, always producing and hoarding more love inside her. But there was no release...So she had to satisfy herself with the idea of love--loving the loving of things whose existence she didn't care at all about. Love itself became the object of her love. She loved herself in love, she loved loving love, as love loves loving, and was able, in that way, to reconcile herself with a world that fell so short of what she would have hoped for. It was not the world that was the great and saving lie, but her willingness to make it beautiful and fair, to live a once-removed life, in a world once-removed from the one in which everyone else seemed to exist.
Nancy B. Brewer|Humans will never be in charge of this world, as long as dust and weeds do as they please.
Na, I'll Be Seeing You|We're all so multifaceted, and it's impossible to see all the sides at once.
Criss Jami|I am not convinced of the argument, 'I want to believe; it is only those awful Christians I hate. They get in the way of my belief.' If you hate Christians more than you love Christ, you do not love Christ. It comes to mind the question, 'If you do not love your brother or sister whom you have seen, how can you love God whom you have not seen?
Ellen Hopkins, Identical|When speculators have once entered Wall Street, they never leave it except in a pine box or a rosewood case, according to circumstances.
Robin Bielman, Veiled Target|Do you come here often?"..."Often enough, but I've never sat across from such a beautiful woman before.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|In my errant life I roamedTo learn the secrets of women and men,Of gods and dreams.I've known all the countries of our world,I've lived a thousand lives:Many lives I lived in love, Other lives I squandered.For in my life I never traveled, All I did was wander.
Robert Anton Wilson|It is hard to accept being different, hard to have people avoid looking at you, and still believe in yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the midst of the adversity, we can still strive by the grace of God
أحمد خالد توفيق|تعرفون اني لم أكن ملاكا طيلة الوقت , و أن الخلافات كانت تحدث من حيت لآخر , لكن لو نظرت للصورة الإجمالية من بعيد -حين تختفي البقع السوداء الصغيرةلأدركت اننا سعيدين حقا ..
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Finding the courage to break away from other people’s opinions, and your self-limiting thoughts, could be the most significant breakthrough transformation you make on your journey to success.
J.D. Salinger|Writing a novel is like trying to solve a jigsaw puzzle whose pieces aren't even fixed in shape. Yet, somehow, they all come together in the end to form the complete picture.
Rachel Held Evans, Searching for Sunday: Loving, Leaving, and Finding the Church|Church isn’t about you! It’s about worshipping Jesus. Instead of being consumers, let’s go to church and ask what we can give Jesus because of all he has given us.
Richard Branson|It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
Jack Herer|Supercookies are legal, but I don't think they should be.
Honore de Balzac|Nobody loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Violence was a disease Gansey didn't think he could catch. But all around him, his friends were slowly infected.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|I’m a starving child trying to stuff my stomach, gorging my senses on the decadence of these moments as if I’ll wake up in the morning and realize I’m still sweeping cinders for my stepmother.But then Adam’s lips press against my head and my worries put on a fancy dress and pretend to be something else for a while.
Heather Gudenkauf, The Weight of Silence|One can't reason away regret-it's a bit like falling in love, falling into regret.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Liberation begins with liberation of mind, soul and body.
Sun Tzu|Management's job is to convey leadership's message in a compelling and inspiring way. Not just in meetings, but also by example.
Alin Sav|Sometimes you win friends, sometimes you lose friends. Both can help you to grow faster.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t go in the opposite direction, locate your calling
Anthony Liccione|He longed for a world where safe places for the weak and vulnerable were common, but that was not this world. Not right now.
Bruce Fink, A Clinical Introduction to Lacanian Psychoanalysis: Theory and Technique|For once desire is articulated in words it does not sit still, but displaces, drifting metonymically from one thing to the next. Desire is a product of language and cannot be satisfied with an object.
Jennifer Van Allen, The Runner's World Big Book of Running for Beginners: Lose Weight, Get Fit, and Have Fun!|There will be haters, there will be doubters, there will be non-believers, and then there will be you proving them wrong.
J.B. Priestley, Man and Time|The public's dilemma is to know how to consume the news with an ability to extract opinion from the simple facts and evidence... The best solution to the fact/opinion dilemma is to acquire more diverse information across the ideological and geological divide. If you find yourself relying on one source of information for the news, whether right or left, you are likely to be exposed to more opinion that reinforces rather than challenges your own.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|After three years of English at Cambridge, being force-fed literary theory, I was almost convinced that literature was all coded messages about Marxism and the death of the self. I crawled out of the post-structuralist desert thirsty for heroines I could cry and laugh with. I was jaded. I craved trash.
N.E. Bode, The Anybodies|You could get crickets to pop out of a book as a little, little girl, but now you have to relearn it? Well, children can do so many things until they're told they can't.
Ezra Pound, ABC of Reading|Good writers are those who keep the language efficient. That is to say, keep it accurate, keep it clear. It doesn't matter whether the good writer wants to be useful, or whether the good writer wants to be harm.
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|Self-preservation is not a man’s first duty: flight is his last. Better and wiser and infinitely nobler to stand a mark for the "slings and arrows of outrageous fortune" and to stop at our post though we fall there, better infinitely to toil on, even when toil seems vain, than cowardly to keep a whole skin at the cost of a wounded conscience or despairingly to fling up work, because the ground is hard and the growth of the seed imperceptible. Prudent advices, when the prudence is only inspired by sense, are generally foolish.
Adele          Rose, Possession|Sadly, like many times in life, including winning the lottery, we don’t always get what we wish for.
Kate Christensen|I went to the Guilford School of Music and Drama, which was affiliated with the Royal Shakespeare Company. I was lucky enough to be taught by a beautiful, wonderful teacher called Patsy Rodenberg, who works a lot with the Royal Shakespeare Company as a voice coach and technician.
Inger Iversen, Running in the Dark|There are some things that you should know about me.” She meant her past, the things Eli had done to her and the things he’d taken from her. She thought it important to tell Trace because it was a shame that she did want to live with forever.
Jeremy Gordin|Here was a temporary solution. Parole would get Mofokeng and Mokoena out of jail as quickly as possible. Other details could be sorted out later. I accompanied Nyambi to Kroonstad jail at the end of October and remember that as he told Mofokeng and Mokoena the news—that they would be home for Christmas—smiles slowly but surely transformed the sombre, cautious expressions on their faces.Big problem: it was discovered in December, a full two months after the judgment was made, that the court order does not mention the NCCS at all. Consequently, the NCCS interpreted the court's order as having removed the NCCS's jurisdiction to deal with any "lifers" sentenced pre-1994. The members of the NCCS packed their briefcases and went home.No one knows why the judgment didn't mention the NCCS; maybe the judge who wrote it, Justice Bess Nkabinde, simply didn't know how the parole system operates; but eight of her fellow judges, the best in the land, found with her.The Mofokeng and Mokoena families, who are from 'the poorest of the poor', as the ANC likes to say, are distraught.But the rest—the law men, the politicians and the government ministers—well, quite frankly, they don't seem to give a fig. Zuma has gone on holiday, to host his famous annual Christmas party for children. Mapisa-Nqakula has also gone on holiday. Mofokeng and Mokoena remain where they were put 17 years ago, despite not having committed any crime.
Alan Bradley, A Red Herring Without Mustard|But when oxidation nibbles more slowly - more delicately, like a tortoise - at the world around us, without a flame, we call it rust and we sometimes scarcely notice as it goes about its business consuming everything from hairpins to whole civilizations.
Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Renegade|Build a House for men and birds.Sit with them and play music.For a day, for just one day,talk about that which disturbs no oneand bring some peace,my friend,into your beautiful eyes.
Andrew Louth, Discerning the Mystery: An Essay on the Nature of Theology|For what I am suggesting is that concern for the mysterious is at the heart of the humanities, whereas at the heart of the sciences there is a concern with the problematic. That this is a contrast, and not a dichotomy, is seen in the way in which problem-solving has a place in the humanities—though the most significant kind of problem is one that, in Marcel’s language, ‘conceals a mystery’—and in the complementary way in which some scientists, such as Einstein, have spoken of a deepening sense of awe and wonder awakened in them, an awe and wonder in the presence of the universe, that grows through the advance of the sciences, through the growing success in solving problems. But the contrast remains, and since problem-solving can be successful, whereas contemplation of mystery cannot, there cannot be in the humanities any hope for the sort of success the sciences have known. Nor in theology: and especially not in Christian theology whose central mystery is focused in the birth of a child in a stable, and the death of a man on a cross.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The cells smell is a great feature of French prisons. Ours in No.44 was one of those fine broad-shouldered up and coming young smells, which stand on both feet and look the world in the eye. We became very fond and proud of it.
Wendell Berry|No one has madethe art by which one makes the worksof art. Each one who speaks speaksas a convocation. We live as councilsof ghosts. It is not "human genius"that makes us human, but an old love,an old intelligence of the heartwe gather to us from the world,from the creatures, from the angelsof inspiration, from the dead--an intelligence merely nonexistentto those who do not have it, but --to those who have it more dear than life.
Hamza Hassan Sheikh|Love, is an unknown passion, for an unknown person, for an unknown reason.
Phil McGraw|My dad is a writer, and to see him always in front of a typewriter gave me the inspiration to write. He was my idol, my hero. I wanted to be just like him.
Eric Chaisson, Epic of Evolution: Seven Ages of the Cosmos|... nothing in Nature is black or white, few solutions are clean and clear; rather, reality, and especially our models of it, possess shades of gray throughout.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|It's almost relaxing to know I'll die fairly soon, as it's a comfort not to obsess about my next orgasm.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|Expansion in love is an action that is available to every being in the universe all the time. A willing awareness will takeus to heaven, a loving attitude will make us free. Nothing else controls our fate. Good or bad behavior is secondary.Whatever you are doing, love yourself for doing it. Whatever you are thinking, love yourself for thinking it. Love is theonly dimension that needs to be changed. If you are not sure how it feels to be loving, love yourself for not being sure ofhow it feels. There is nothing on earth more important than the love which conscious beings feel towards each other,whether or not it is ever expressed.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|About his madmen Mr. Lecky was no more certain. He knew less than the little to be learned of the causes or even of the results of madness. Yet for practical purposes one can imagine all that is necessary. As long as maniacs walk like men, you must come close to them to penetrate so excellent a disguise. Once close, you have joined the true werewolf.Pick for your companion a manic-depressive, afflicted by any of the various degrees of mania - chronic, acute, delirious. Usually more man than wolf, he will be instructive. His disorder lies in the very process of his thinking, rather than in the content of his thought. He cannot wait a minute for the satisfaction of his fleeting desires or the fulfillment of his innumerable schemes. Nor can he, for two minutes, be certain of his intention or constant in any plan or agreement. Presently you may hear his failing made manifest in the crazy concatenation of his thinking aloud, which psychiatrists call "flight of ideas." Exhausted suddenly by this riotous expense of speech and spirit, he may subside in an apathy dangerous and morose, which you will be well advised not to disturb.Let the man you meet be, instead, a paretic. He has taken a secret departure from your world. He dwells amidst choicest, most dispendious superlatives. In his arm he has the strength to lift ten elephants. He is already two hundred years old. He is more than nine feet high; his chest is of iron, his right leg is silver, his incomparable head is one whole ruby. Husband of a thousand wives, he has begotten on them ten thousand children. Nothing is mean about him; his urine is white wine; his faeces are always soft gold. However, despite his splendor and his extraordinary attainments, he cannot successfully pronounce the words: electricity, Methodist Episcopal, organization, third cavalry brigade. Avoid them. Infuriated by your demonstration of any accomplishment not his, he may suddenly kill you.Now choose for your friend a paranoiac, and beware of the wolf! His back is to the wall, his implacable enemies are crowding on him. He gets no rest. He finds no starting hole to hide him. Ten times oftener than the Apostle, he has been, through the violence of the unswerving malice which pursues him, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils of his own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren, in weariness and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness. Now that, face to face with him, you simulate innocence and come within his reach, what pity can you expect? You showed him none; he will certainly not show you any.Lighten our darkness, we beseech thee, 0 Lord; and by thy great mercy defend us from all the perils and dangers of this night; for the love of thy only Son, our Saviour, Jesus Christ. Amen.Mr. Lecky's maniacs lay in wait to slash a man's head half off, to perform some erotic atrocity of disembowelment on a woman. Here, they fed thoughtlessly on human flesh; there, wishing to play with him, they plucked the mangled Tybalt from his shroud. The beastly cunning of their approach, the fantastic capriciousness of their intention could not be very well met or provided for. In his makeshift fort everywhere encircled by darkness, Mr. Lecky did not care to meditate further on the subject.
Steven Wright|I like to smile a lot before going in the car. I make jokes, even on the grid, and then I can still manage to focus when it counts.
Sadghuru|The time is changing and not only the policy makers of India, but the whole world is realizing the importance of Ayurveda. Who could have thought some years back that people with up-bringing in cosmopolitan culture would prefer bottle gourd juice or gooseberry juice over carbonated soft-drinks in the near future.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Everything we do is for the purpose of altering consciousness. We form friendships so that we can feel love and avoid loneliness…. We read for the pleasure of thinking another person's thoughts. Every waking moment, and even in our dreams, we struggle to direct the flow of sensation, emotion, and cognition towards states of consciousness that we value.
Shannon L. Alder|To learn to see- to accustom the eye to calmness, to patience, and to allow things to come up to it; to defer judgment, and to acquire the habit of approaching and grasping an individual case from all sides. This is the first preparatory schooling of intellectuality. One must not respond immediately to a stimulus; one must acquire a command of the obstructing and isolating instincts.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Be a master of your dreams, not the slave of your sorrows.
Stephen Colbert|Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.
Lord Byron|It is the nature of truth in general, as of some ores in particular, to be richest when most superficial.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Such a number of nights,' said the girl, with a touch of woman's tenderness, which communicated something like sweetness of tone, even to her voice; 'such a number of nights as I've been patient with you, nursing and caring for you, as if you had been a child: and this the first that I've seen you like yourself; you wouldn't have served me as you did just now, if you'd thought of that, would you? Come, come; say you wouldn't.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|In developing NAPS even further than just learning while you sleep, I have expanded on how others have brought this to the fore of subconscious power … I have gone beyond that.
George Friedman, The Next Decade: What the World Will Look Like|Shift your attention, and your emotion shifts. Shift your emotion, and your attention shifts.
Laurell K. Hamilton|Only love of a good woman will make a man question every choice, every action. Only love makes a warrior hesitate for fear that his lady will find him cruel. Only love makes a man both the best he will ever be, and the weakest. Sometimes all in the same moment. -Wicked 
Sarah Addison Allen|You can’t hurt me the way you think you can. But even if you could? I would rather die with the taste of you on my tongue than live and never touch you again. I’m in love with you, Mara. I love you. No matter what you do.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|I remembered Nahadoth's lips on my throat and fought to suppress a shudder, only half succeeding. Death as a consequence of lying with a god wasn't something I had considered, but it did not surprise me. A mortal man's strength had its limits. He spent himself and slept. He could be a good lover, but even his best skills were only guesswork - for every caress that sent a woman's head into the clouds, he might try ten that brought her back to earth.
Bailey Vincent, The Details of How We Lived|None of us will truly have freedom until we know what it means to lose everything" - Laney
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I held a jewel in my fingers	And went to sleep.	The day was warm, and winds were prosy;	I said: "'T will keep."I woke and chid my honest fingers,—The gem was gone;	And now an amethyst remembrance	Is all I own.
Toni Morrison, Home|Although each of her nurses was markedly different from the others in looks, dress, manner of speech, food and medical preferences, their similarities were glaring. There was no excess in their gardens because they shared everything. There was no trash or garbage in their homes because they had a use for everything. They took responsibility for their lives and for whatever, whoever else needed them. The absence of common sense irritated but did not surprise them. Laziness was more than intolerable to them; it was inhuman. Whether you were in the field, the house, your own backyard, you had to be busy. Sleep was not for dreaming; it was for gathering strength for the coming day. Conversation was accompanied by tasks; ironing, peeling, shucking, sorting, sewing, mending, washing, or nursing. You couldn't learn age, but adulthood was there for all. Mourning was helpful but God was better and they did not want to meet their Maker and have to explain a wasteful life. They knew He would ask each of them one question: "What have you done?
Daniel Kahneman|You think with your body, not with your brain.
Bryan Cranston|What a blessing that God allows a life to come through your body, and then allows you to place that body in a body bag and take it out. I had to say that there's a magnificent something that God has for me to do, to give me that level of completion. That level of experience. It's unspeakable.
Debbie Macomber, Angels at Christmas: Those Christmas Angels / Where Angels Go|Little did the old man know how much God liked to talk to His children, how He longed to listen to them.
Tod Worner|While doubt cannot be expelled, it can be subdued.
Deborah Tannen|I think that, if anything, the pageant is great for people who suffer from body issues. It's all about being comfortable with what you're given and what you have and being able to flaunt it without being insecure. It's about empowering women, not making them feel weak or less.
Sunday Adelaja|If beauty is in the eyes of the beholder, value is in the mind of the consumer.
Dean Ornish|When you're an entertainer, it's hard not to compare yourself with the next person's success. But you have to trust your own journey and your strengths and believe in yourself. I think that's the best place to start.
Gitty Daneshvari, School of Fear|Mummy can we keep him?" Madeleine asked with the wide eyes of a burgeoning crush."Darling, little boys make terrible pets," Mrs. Masterson offered with a wink."That's not true at all, Mummy. They're hypoallergenic, much easier than dogs," Madeleine said cheekily, "and they almost never have fleas.
Jeff Fisher|But you see, that's the gilded prison of fashion. We're riding in private jets, and meantime I was so incredibly, painfully sad and lonely.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|More than the sound of my own beating heart, I miss the sound of a ticking clock. Time passes, it must pass, but I have no more assurance of moving through time than I have that I am moving through space. In a way, I’m glad: this means perhaps 300 years and 364 days have passed, and tomorrow I will wake up. Sometimes after a cross-country meet or a long day at school, I’d fall into bed with all my clothes on and be out before I knew it. When I’d finally open my eyes, it would feel like I’d just shut them for a minute, but really, the whole rest of the day and half the night was gone. But. There were other times when I’d collapse onto my mattress, shut my eyes and dream, and it felt like I’d lived a whole lifetime in that dream, but when I woke up, it had only been a few minutes. What if only a year has gone by? What if we haven’t even left yet? That is my greatest fear.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love has the mind of a sage, the heart of a saint, and the soul of an angel.
Robert Jackson|The Left is doing to America what it has done to almost everything it has deeply influenced - the arts, the university, religion, culture, minorities, Europe: ruining it.
Joni Rodgers|Content Isn't King, It's the Kingdom.
Ion Minulescu|Tăcerea coboară-n spiraleRotunde şi-ovale,Ca nişte confeti de-aceeaşi culoare...
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|You may not think you eat a lot of corn and soybeans, but you do: 75 percent of the vegetable oils in your diet come from soy (representing 20 percent of your daily calories) and more than half of the sweeteners you consume come from corn (representing around 10 perecent of daily calories).
Auliq Ice|Taking care of whom to trust everyday, is a key to your living if your to be a live.
Marty Rubin|The snow in winter, the flowers in spring. There is no deeper reality.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Lowland|The unavoidable has touched the life of every human being on the face of the earth. Some have rebounded, others have given up--but all of us have felt the wings of tragedy brushing against us.
C. JoyBell C.|Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.
E.L. Doctorow|The difference between Socrates and Jesus is that no one had ever been put to death in Socrates' name. And that is because Socrates' ideas were never made law. Law, in whatever name, protects privilege.
Scarlett Thomas, PopCo|Sometimes you have to trust grownups, perhaps more so when they are not there to actually supervise you.
Mercedes Lackey, Oathbreakers|Keth, power brings with it the need to make moral judgments; history proves that. You have no choice but to make those decisions.
Juliette Binoche|Get inside information from the president and you will probably lose half your money. If you get it from the chairman of the board, you will lose all of your money.
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa, The Leopard|When you know how to handle people, handle people well, for you may need people one day! Don’t just shun them; don’t kill them! Don’t curse them; don’t harm them! Pray for them, for they are a good part of the story, both for the good and for the bad; get understanding, and disarm the armed who seems to be a threat with wit and wisdom! Life is not a one day journey, so be careful!
Karl Malone|To me, what I love about the draft is; first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that they've worked so hard for. That's a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think that's great for everybody.
Maybe Carl Sagan otherwise me myself|Life is a test from universe, if you are not willing to take the test, you won't give or get testimonials about your life".
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|To paint an image and to write a poem, is to reclaim the dignity and personal joy...it is an invitation for my creative contemplation of an opened mind...it is a storytelling venture on a blank page of paper and white canvases...it is reclaiming my life.
Bobby Bowden|Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness; but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise; be wise and thou art happy.
Steven Spielberg|In Thailand's history there have been dissensions from time to time, but in general, unity has prevailed.
Michele Jennae|Walk with purpose. Approach life with purpose, enter a room with purpose, and it’s just a matter of time before people are coming over and talking to you.
William P. Barker|If you want a sense of purpose for experiencing pressures, use your knowledge of Jesus Christ's comforting, enlivening, energizing presence to be a comfort to others.
U.S. Department of the Navy|From a political point of view, there is but one principle, the sovereignty of man over himself. This sovereignty of myself over myself is called Liberty
Sandeep N. Tripathi|From sunrise to sunset to sunrise, there is a lifetime of beauty, charm and elegance.
Eugene V. Debs, Debs: His Life, Writings and Speeches|Years ago I recognized my kinship with all living things, and I made up my mind that I was not one bit better than the meanest on the earth. I said then and I say now, that while there is a lower class, I am in it; while there is a criminal element, I am of it; while there is a soul in prison, I am not free.
Hélène Cixous, The Laugh of the Medusa|There seems to be a firewall in my mind against ideas expressed in numbers and graphs rather than words, or in abstract words such as Sin or Creativity. I just don’t understand. And incomprehension is boredom.
David Hurst|Trust, like the lubricant in an engine, is noticed only when it is gone and the motor has seized up.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath|Cats are true carnivores. While you may choose a vegetarian lifestyle, don't assume it's healthier for your cat also. Cats aren't able to convert beta-carotene into vitamin A the way we can. They must get vitamin A from animal tissue (called preformed A). Cats are also unable to convert linoleic acid (an essential fatty acid) to arachidonic acid the way dogs can so they must get preformed arachidonic acid from its only source—animal tissue.
James Hauenstein|The reason I might forget something is because my mind is like a computer. I have so much useless stuff stored up in there, that when I forget to clean out my Mind's Cache, it has no room for new information. Like wearing pants!
Andrew Zolli, Resilience: Why Things Bounce Back|We see a first generation going through adolescence knowing their every misstep, all the awkward gestures of their youth, are being frozen in a computer's memory.
Ziauddin Yousafzai|Why say then Buddha never carried gun? he didn't play piano, we do not know of him making pictures either.
Ada Limon, Bright Dead Things|People have done this before, but not us.
Elon Musk|As technology increasingly takes over knowledge-based work, the cognitive skills that are central to today's education systems will remain important; but behavioral and non-cognitive skills necessary for collaboration, innovation, and problem solving will become essential as well.
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|Keep Patience, it is happening for you, somewhere.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you hate me, you only harm yourself.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|There is nothing to fear but fear itself," the captain announces from the helm, "and the occasional man-eating monster.
Isabel Allende, Eva Luna|Sadness and boredom were more bearable than the effort of living a normal life. Perhaps the idea of death began to hover over her during that period, as a kind of higher order of lassitude in which she would not have to move the blood in her veins or the air in her lungs; her repose would be absolute- not to think, not to feel, not to be.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Surrender|Oh, Alan Ryves," she said. "You're such a fantastic liar. You are the smoothest con man of them all.
J.Adam Snyder|Kill someone on the behalf of yourself, you get deemed a murderer. Kill someone on behalf of your Government, you get deemed a hero.
Andrew Root, Unlocking Mission and Eschatology in Youth Ministry|Hope trusts in the promises of God. Hope seeks the action of God that brings forth a new reality. Optimism stands in the current reality, wishing to make the best of each individual experience. But hope stands knee deep in the history of this reality by yearning for the action of God to bring forth a new reality in which everything in this reality is reconciled and redeemed.
L. Frank Baum, The Lost Princess of Oz|No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A simple life freely given in love can transcend the boundaries of place and time, stretching across oceans and extending beyond continents and decades.
Lorraine Beaumont|Isabelle - "She laughed out loud, not able to recognize her own voice. She found her situation suddenly hilarious. She laughed and laughed at the door. Just a simple, silly, stupid door had her trapped. And now the ones that had been closed so long within her mind began to open. She closed her eyes and walked through one.
Alexander Pope|Forgiveness is not always easy. At times, it feels more painful than the wound we suffered, to forgive the one that inflicted it. And yet, there is no peace without forgiveness.
Dean Koontz, What the Night Knows|He would pray...for everyone who knew pain, which meant everyone who wore a human face.
Molly Friedenfeld|It is an honorable charge to shine the lightand stand up for what is true, just, and right.Guardians of Light know innately that whenever we insert honor, love, and truth into any experience, we shall always remove pain.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|That's the thing about lessons, you always learn them when you don't expect them or want them.
Alex Morritt, Impromptu Scribe|Let's stop kidding ourselves that Greek debt is the Euro's key problem. With Greece gone, who's next ?
April White, Cheating Death|The power to compel is not the same thing as leadership, and one does inspire the other. You are not a leader, Walters, you are a bully and a coward of the worst kind. the fear you believe you inspire is merely the fear in which you constantly live, and it undermines the very leadership you profess to have. Strip a bully of his pulpit and he becomes a cowering, quivering thing... You will never lose the fear because it defines you, and the very things you seek to annihilate will be those which ultimately destroy you.
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The False Prince|People, her people at least, were always chasing shattered hopes. A father gazing down on dead soil, with a brood of hollow-cheeked children sitting around a barren table. A lonely maid cleaning grates and waiting for a lover who by now wouldn't even recall her name. A weary labourer trudging miles between the hiring fairs, carrying his spade, clothes soiled from sleeping in damp fields. They held candles to storms, her people. They saw their lights extinguished as cruel winds of fate blew.
Meir Soloveichik|In the pain, the agony, and the heroic endeavors of life, we pass through a refiner's fire, and the insignificant and the unimportant in our lives can melt away like dross and make our faith bright, intact, and strong.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|With respect also to spiritual sloth, beginners are apt to be irked by the things that are most spiritual, from which they flee because these things are incompatible with sensible pleasure. For, as they are so much accustomed to sweetness in spiritual things, they are wearied by things in which they find no sweetness. If once they failed to find in prayer the satisfaction which their taste required (and after all it is well that God should take it from them to prove them), they would prefer not to return to it: sometimes they leave it; at other times they continue it unwillingly. And thus because of this sloth they abandon the way of perfection (which is the way of the negation of their will and pleasure for God's sake) for the pleasure and sweetness of their own will, which they aim at satisfying in this way rather than the will of God.And many of these would have God will that which they themselves will, and are fretful at having to will that which He wills, and find it repugnant to accommodate their will to that of God. Hence it happens to them that oftentimes they think that that wherein they find not their own will and pleasure is not the will of God; and that, on the other hand, when they themselves find satisfaction, God is satisfied. Thus they measure God by themselves and not themselves by God, acting quite contrarily to that which He Himself taught in the Gospel, saying: That he who should lose his will for His sake, the same should gain it; and he who should desire to gain it, the same should lose it.
Judith Kinghorn, The Last Summer|There was no thunderbolt, no quickening of the heart, but there was a sense of recognition.A familiarity about his face..
Marti Noxon|You see all the movies where people say, 'Don't fight out of anger'? They say that for a reason.
Pico Iyer, Video Night in Kathmandu and Other Reports from the Not-So-Far East|In those moments when we realize how much we cannot control, we can learn to let go.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|hey. I just wanted to make sure you got home," I say. "Katniss, I live three houses away from you," he says.
Charles Kuralt|The forces in a capitalist society, if left unchecked, tend to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
Richard Flanagan|You've gotta dive into the abyss if you wanna get anything good. Every record, you've gotta go down in the abyss and hope that you come out of it alive.
Yasmine El Rashidi|You say that you don’t care about age and that you’re ready to push the wheelchair and hose down my bum, but how can you be sure?
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|I love hugging you," Luke said. "I love how our bodies fit when we're still...I feel like a broken record when I say I know there are a hundred reasons why we shouldn't but Nat, I really want to kiss you.
Abraham H. Maslow|Authenticity is about what makes you, you. It is an expression of your beingness.
Paul Appleby|Apple and apricot seeds contain a vitamin called B12, which I found to be illegal to sell in pharmacies. Now, this is very interesting. You can buy all kind of vitamins in pharmacies, but not B12. Why in the hell would the pharmaceutical industry make a vitamin that we can eat on our own, through seeds, illegal? I asked this question to employees in the pharmacies and many doctors, and they couldn't answer. They just kept looking at me as if I was trying to get ingredients to make my own synthetic drugs. For most people, what is illegal is really illegal. Most people are too stupid to think for themselves, even when my question is so obvious that they seem to have brain damage not to realize the relevance of such question.
Ta'afuli Andrew Fiu|He doesn't mind if he dies... indeed, he would like to die; but yet he fears to fall. He would welcome a long sleep; but not at the price of falling to it.
Newpostcard|Typically, in politics, more than one horse is owned and managed by the same team in an election. There's always and extra candidate who will slightly mimic the views of their team's opposing horse, to cancel out that person by stealing their votes just so the main horse can win. Elections are puppet shows. Regardless of their rainbow coats and many smiles, the agenda is one and the same.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Annabeth looked at me. " We have to get out of here." " You think I want to be in the girls' restroom?" " I mean the ship, Percy! We have to get off the ship." " Smells bad," Tyson agreed. " And dogs eat all the eggs. Annabeth is right. We must leave the restroom and the ship.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|When you have something this good, you keep it. Forever. And that's all the magic there is to it.
Debasish Mridha|If I had the choice, I would sing only love songs.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|Living closer to the center of our being is the practice of a lifetime, but so, too, is skillfully living on the horizontal plane-the surface of life-where our purpose for being on the planet is uniquely expressed. Redefining moments are simply energy vortexes that draw the authentic self up (vertically) and out (horizontally) and into present moment awareness, revealing it to the light of day and the gifts it holds.
Sera J. Beak, The Red Book: A Deliciously Unorthodox Approach to Igniting Your Divine Spark|Protestant Christianity, whether in its liberal or conservative garb, finds itself waking up each morning in bed with a deteriorating modern culture, between sheets with a raunchy sexual reductionism, despairing scientism, morally normless cultural relativism, and self-assertive individualism. We remain resident aliens, OF the world but not profoundly in it, dining at the banquet table of waning modernity without a whisper of table grace. We all wear biblical name tags (Joseph, David, and Sarah), but have forgotten what our Christian names mean.
Patti Smith|Christmas means a great deal to me. I was reared in a family that celebrated Christmas to some extent, but I married into a family that celebrated Christmas in a big way. And my wife always made a big thing of Christmas for the children. We have five children, and we had a terrific time at Christmas.
David Frum|But the thought leaders on talk radio and Fox do more than shape opinion. Backed by their own wing of the book-publishing industry and supported by think tanks that increasingly function as public-relations agencies, conservatives have built a whole alternative knowledge system, with its own facts, its own history, its own laws of economics.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|A great leader has brains, vision, guts, values ... and a heart.
Alan Paton, Cry, the Beloved Country|He couldn't drive the horror of cannibalism from his brain, just as he couldn't wholly suppress a simple observation that seemed to rebut their savagery: these were the nicest man-eating barbarians a lonely wanderer could ever hope to encounter.
K.  Webster, Alpha & Omega|Sweet girl, if I told you everything, life would lose all mystery.
Josh Billings|I believe in people. Human beings, deep down, are essentially good. Any jury can filter through whatever bull might be thrown their way and use common sense to get to the truth of a case. Juries make the right decisions, almost unfailingly, because people know right from wrong.
Doctor who|We all change, when you think about it. We are all different people, all through our lives.And that's ok, that's good, you gotta keep moving so long as you remember all the people that you used to be.-- Doctor Who! ( 11- Doctor)
Robin M. Bertram|Saul wanted to destroy his best warrior, David, instead of helping David destroy his real enemies. Lesson: The very person you are fighting against may be your greatest asset.
Debasish Mridha|Let go of consistency, let go of certainty. Learn to live with the waves of change and uncertainty.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|My locker seems to have become the hub for sticky notes and nasty letters, none of which I ever see actually being placed on or in my locker. I really don’t get what people gain out of doing things like this if they don’t even own up to it.Like the note that was stuck to my locker this morning. All it said was, “Whore.”Really? Where’s the creativity in that? They couldn’t back it up with an interesting story? Maybe a few details of my indiscretion? If I have to read this shit every day, the least they could do is make it interesting. If I was going to stoop so low as to leave an unfounded note on someone’s locker,I’d at least have the courtesy of entertaining whoever reads it in the process. I’d write something interesting like, “I saw you in bed with my boyfriend last night. I really don’t appreciate you getting massage oil on my cucumbers. Whore.” I laugh and it feels odd, laughing out loud at my own thoughts. I look around and no one is left in the hallway but me. Rather than rip the sticky notes off of my locker like I probably should, I take out my pen and make them a little more creative. You’re welcome, passersby.
Henry B. Eyring|Those who submit like a child do it because they know that the Father wants only the happiness of His children and that only He knows the way. That is the testimony we must have to keep praying like a submissive child, in the good times as well as the times of trouble.
Bill Paxton|My mom named me Pom because she said it sounded like a combination of Korean words that mean 'spring' and 'tiger.' So, it's very unique!
Debasish Mridha|The best things in life are not things, but they are our beautiful loving thoughts.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|If you don't care about money, Nina dear, call it by its other names.""Kruge? Scrub? Kaz's one true love?""Freedom, security, retribution.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|Nothing is more important than that you see and love the beauty that is right in front of you, or else you will have no defense against the ugliness that will hem you in and come at you in so many ways.
Big Mama|And once we reach the city, my stylist will dictate my look for the opening ceremonies tonight anyway. I just hope I get one who doesn't think nudity is the last word in fashion.
Kiran Ahluwalia|Here is a new car, a new iPhone. We buy. We discard. We buy again. In recent years, we've been doing it faster.
T.S. Eliot, The Sacred Wood|Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal; bad poets deface what they take, and good poets make it into something better, or at least something different.
Sunday Adelaja|All charming people, I fancy, are spoiled. It is the secret of their attraction.
J.Z. Bingham, Gansevort: The King and His Court|At last, somebody in line steps forward. “I can commit,” he says. He’s a tall, lean young man with a rifle slung over his back.“What’s your name?” Chris asks. “Andrew,” he replies. “And I’m in.”Chris nods. A few other guys step forward and, after a few moments, the entire crowd of ex-POWs takes one step, signifying their decision. My chest swells with pride – pride for Chris’s leadership, pride for the people willing to give their lives to take down Omega. It’s a rush.
Holly Duckworth, Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot Your Association For Success|An association that chooses to emerge healthier it needs to be willing to shift the energy of the board and volunteers to be positive and fun, shift down to a more manageable and nimble-size board, and via the law of attraction know the right board members will lead the association forward.
William Penn, More Fruits of Solitude: Being the Second Part of Reflections and Maxims Relating to the Conduct of Human Life.|Death is but crossing the world, as friends do the seas; they live in one another still.
Israelmore Ayivor|Loosers want it but only through the easy way. If action taking were like reading a story book, loosers would only love to open the picture pages
Matthew Donnelly|In order to fight off fear we must become it. When we become one with fear we become one with opposite of fear, peace. They are two halves to the same object.
K.J. Mecklenfeld|When you start out writing, your inner creative is just a little seedling with tiny leaves above the earth, peeping out into the air for the first time.
Tiffany Madison|Most gun control arguments miss the point. If all control boils fundamentally to force, how can one resist aggression without equal force? How can a truly “free” state exist if the individual citizen is enslaved to the forceful will of individual or organized aggressors? It cannot.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|Arin. I've wanted to do this for a long time."Her words silenced him, steadied him.Antecipation lifted within her like the fragance of a garden under the rain. She sat at the piano, touching the keys. "Ready?"He smiled. "Play.
Mary Balogh, Simply Love|Chance. It weaves through our lives like a golden thread, sometimes knotting, tangling, and breaking along the way. Loose threads are left hanging, but the in and out, the back and forth continues, the weaving goes on. It doesn't stop.
Harold Ford, Jr.|I'm really anti-option, so computers have been my nightmare with recording. I don't want endless tracks; I want less tracks. I want decisions to be made.
Abraham Joshua Heschel|...morally speaking, there is no limit to the concern one must feel for the suffering of human beings, that indifference to evil is worse than evil itself, that in a free society, some are guilty, but all are responsible.
Marian Keyes|You're supposed to be using your gifts and fulfilling your dreams, at every age.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|Secrets had the power to kill a marriage,she said. Nonsense, Sylvie said,it was secrets that could save a marriage.
J. Paul Getty|There are times when even the most potent governor must wink at transgression, in order to preserve the laws inviolate for the future.
Wynton Marsalis|Jazz is not just 'Well, man, this is what I feel like playing.' It's a very structured thing that comes down from a tradition and requires a lot of thought and study.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|Man is immortal, his salvation is hereafter, The state has no immortality, its salvation is now or never
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|There is always a city. There is always a civilisation. There is always a barbarian with a pickaxe. Sometimes you are the city, sometimes you are the civilisation, but to become that city, that civilisation, you once took a pickaxe and destroyed what you hated, and what you hated was what you did not understand.
Banana Yoshimoto|Now look at me! Take a good look! I was born and I knew I was alive and I knew what I wanted. What do you think is alive in me? Why do you think I'm alive? Because I have a stomach and eat and digest the food? Because I breathe and work and produce more food to digest? Or because I know what I want, and that something which knows how to want—isn't that life itself? And who—in this damned universe—who can tell me why I should live for anything but for that which I want?
Adyashanti|When you argue with reality, reality always wins
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Always solve for the big picture, not for the problem
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Nowadays, the concept of love is greatly trampled because there is too much permissibility.
Ludwig von Mises|...It had all happened in that instant she had seen Carol standing in the middle of the floor, watching her. Then the realization that so much had happened after that meeting made her feel incredibly lucky suddenly. It was so easy for a man and woman to find each other, to find someone who would do, but for her to have found Carol-
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Spiritual is criterion, where free will exists in plenty.
Deyth Banger|I asked somebody else who is out my country about his country and what he answered what's a big suprise what the people said in my country was "STUPIDY" - Category answer!
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|It is not in numbers, but in unity, that our great strength lies.
Adam Phillips|Just as there are phantom limbs there are phantom histories, histories that are severed and discarded, but linger on as thwarted possibilities an compelling nostalgias.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Never put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Louise Penny, The Brutal Telling|Up the still, glistening beaches,Up the creeks we will hie,Over banks of bright seaweedThe ebb-tide leaves dry.We will gaze, from the sand-hills,At the white, sleeping town;At the church on the hill-side—And then come back down.Singing: "There dwells a loved one,But cruel is she!She left lonely for everThe kings of the sea.(from poem 'The Forsaken Merman')
Susan  Scott, Dragons Will Fall|You can't order me away, you pissant human--"	"I just did." Kas swept past him...
Darlene Shortridge, Until Forever|It means that I love you and you love me until forever, Mama. Just like Jesus. Right, Mama?” “Yes, sweetheart. Until forever I will love you. Always remember that, Ethan—until forever.
Gail A. Eisnitz, Slaughterhouse: The Shocking Story of Greed, Neglect, And Inhumane Treatment Inside the U.S. Meat Industry|Delimitation is always difficult. The world is one, life is one. The sweetest and most heavenly of activities partake in some measure of violence - the act of love, for instance; music, for instance.
Debasish Mridha|When you see the world through your mind, you are very judgmental. See the world through your heart and be non-judgmental.
C.S. Lewis, The Chronicles of Narnia|It is only when the correct practice is followed for a long time, without interruptions and with a quality of positive attitude and eagerness, that it can succeed.
Kylie Minogue|I went to see 'Phantom of the Opera' with my grandma and my mom when I was very little. The stage, the voice, the music... Composer Andrew Lloyd Webber has been a massive inspiration to me for some time - the storytelling, that deliciously somber undertone in his music.
John Dewey|To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.
René Char, Selected Poems|Desire, desire which knows, we draw no advantage from our shadows except from some veritable sovereignties accompanied by invisible flames, invisible chains, which, coming to light, step after step, cause us to shine.
Margaret Way, The Girl at Cobalt Creek|When you start loving, your character becomes like the positive side of a magnet and the one you love becomes negative, that pulls people close to you in union, and becomes very difficult to separate.
Erica Chilson, Unleashed|As I finished my rice, I sketched out the plot of a pornographic adventure film called The Massage Room. Sirien, a young girl from northern Thailand, falls hopelessly in love with Bob, an American student who winds up in the massage parlor by accident, dragged there by his buddies after a fatefully boozy evening. Bob doesn't touch her, he's happy just to look at her with his lovely, pale-blue eyes and tell her about his hometown - in North Carolina, or somewhere like that. They see each other several more times, whenever Sirien isn't working, but, sadly, Bob must leave to finish his senior year at Yale. Ellipsis. Sirien waits expectantly while continuing to satisfy the needs of her numerous clients. Though pure at heart, she fervently jerks off and sucks paunchy, mustached Frenchmen (supporting role for Gerard Jugnot), corpulent, bald Germans (supporting role for some German actor). Finally, Bob returns and tries to free her from her hell - but the Chinese mafia doesn't see things in quite the same light. Bob persuades the American ambassador and the president of some humanitarian organization opposed to the exploitation of young girls to intervene (supporting role for Jane Fonda). What with the Chinese mafia (hint at the Triads) and the collusion of Thai generals (political angle, appeal to democratic values), there would be a lot of fight scenes and chase sequences through the streets of Bangkok. At the end of the day, Bob carries her off. But in the penultimate scene, Sirien gives, for the first time, an honest account of the extent of her sexual experience. All the cocks she has sucked as a humble massage parlor employee, she has sucked in the anticipation, in the hope of sucking Bob's cock, into which all the others were subsumed - well, I'd have to work on the dialogue. Cross fade between the two rivers (the Chao Phraya, the Delaware). Closing credits. For the European market, I already had line in mind, along the lines of "If you liked The Music Room, you'll love The Massage Room.
Dada Bhagwan|With egoism at the center, the awareness of all worldly things can be set beautifully. The awareness of ‘I am Pure Soul’ can never setup with ego being at the center.
Gert Van Mol|The single and peculiar mind is boundWith all the strength and armor of the mindTo keep itself from noyance, but much moreThat spirit upon whose weal depends and restsThe lives of many. The cess of majestyDies not alone, but like a gulf doth drawWhat's near it with it; or it is a massy wheelFixed on the summit of the highest mount,To whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser thingsAre mortised and adjoined, which, when it falls,Each small annexment, petty consequence,Attends the boist'rous ruin. Never aloneDid the king sigh, but with a general groan.
Tarif Naaz|To make an action honorable, it ought to be agreeable to the age, and other circumstances of the person; since it is circumstance and proper measure that give an action its character, and make it either good or bad.
Madonna Ciccone|Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.
Alan Perlis|One reason we resist making deliberate choices is that choice equals change and most of us, feeling the world is unpredictable enough, try to minimise the trauma of change in our personal lives.
Paul Nat, A Rogue Element|Refuse to give up, your mistakes don't define youThey don't dictate where you're headed, they remind you
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|He had suffered, and he had learnt to think, two advantages that he had never known before…
Ashlecka Aumrivani|A: But why this solitude? - B: I am not at odds with anyone. But when I am alone I seem to see my friends in a clearer and fairer light than when I am with them; and when I loved and appreciated music the most, I lived far from it. It seems I need a distant perspective if I am to think well of things.
Eliza Dushku|I'm a very consistent leader, and people won't find me different day to day. You won't have to have the sort of conversation that says, 'How is she today? Is this a good day to have this conversation?' You won't find that situation with me. I treat people with respect.
Coletha Albert, Situations - A Book of Poems on Life|Self-forgiveness is a daily practice of the humble, strong and mentally sane. It is an intentional preservation of inner-peace and a reflection of a healthy self-concept.
Voltaire|Reading nurtures the soul, and an enlightened friend brings it solace. 
Ralph Ellison|Meaning grows in the mind, but the shape and form of the act remains.
Calvin W. Allison, Strong Love Church|It's terrific, Clare," Henry says, and we stare at each other and I think, "Don't leave me.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|These rituals Rango could not sustain, for he could not maintain the effort to arrive on time since his lifelong habit had created the opposite habit: to elude, to avoid, to disappoint every expectation of others, every commitment, every promise, every crystallization.
Gary Thomes|Contempt is born when we fixate on our spouse’s weaknesses. Every spouse has these sore points. If you want to find them, without a doubt you will. If you want to obsess about them, they’ll grow – but you won’t!Jesus provides a remedy that is stunning in its simplicity yet foreboding in its difficulty. He tells us to take the plank out of our own eye before we try to remove the speck from our neighbor’s eye (see Matthew 7:3–5).If you’re thinking “but my spouse is the one who has the plank,” allow me to let you in on a secret: You’re exactly the type of person Jesus is talking to. You’re the one He wanted to challenge with these words. Jesus isn’t helping us resolve legal matters here; He’s urging us to adopt humble spirits. He wants us to cast off the contempt – to have contempt for the contempt – and learn the spiritual secret of respect.Consider the type of people Jesus loved in the days He walked on earth – Judas (the betrayer); the woman at the well (a sexual libertine); Zacchaeus (the conniving financial cheat); and many others like them. In spite of the fact that Jesus was without sin and these people were very much steeped in sin, Jesus still honored them. He washed Judas’s feet; He spent time talking respectfully to the woman at the well; He went to Zacchaeus’s house for dinner. Jesus, the only perfect human being to live on this earth, moved toward sinful people; He asks us to do the same, beginning with the one closest to us – our spouse.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Art creates high energy, high vibrations, high music, high feelings, high of everything! Without art, we leave highness and we meet lowness!
|No one can take your joy away from you, unless you willingly give it to them through repeated negative interpretations of your experiences.
Jason Gay, Little Victories: Perfect Rules for Imperfect Living|You were very serious,” her grandmother continued. “You had these big brown eyes and you were always going, ‘What’s that? What’s that?’ You wondered what everything was. You would frown and point a lot, like a conductor looking for your orchestra. You always seemed very busy, like you were between appointments all the time, but you were just a little child.
Elbert Hubbard|Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle.
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|Perhaps ... To R.A.L.Perhaps some day the sun will shine again,And I shall see that still the skies are blue,And feel one more I do not live in vain,Although bereft of you.Perhaps the golden meadows at my feet,Will make the sunny hours of spring seem gay,And I shall find the white May-blossoms sweet,Though You have passed away.Perhaps the summer woods will shimmer bright,And crimson roses once again be fair,And autumn harvest fields a rich delight,Although You are not there.But though kind Time may many joys renew,There is one greatest joy I shall not knowAgain, because my heart for loss of YouWas broken, long ago.
Jamaica Kincaid, At the Bottom of the River|...be sure to wash every day, even if it is with your own spit; don't squat down to play marbles—you are not a boy, you know; don't pick people's flowers—you might catch something; don't throw stones at blackbirds, because it might not be a blackbird at all; this is how to make a bread pudding; this is how to make doukona; this is how to make pepper pot; this is how to make a good medicine for a cold; this is how to make a good medicine to throw away a child before it even becomes a child; this is how to catch a fish; this is how to throw back a fish you don't like, and that way something bad won't fall on you; this is how to bully a man; this is how a man bullies you; this is how to love a man; and if this doesn't work there are other ways, and if they don't work don't feel too bad about giving up; this is how to spit up in the air if you feel like it, and this is how to move quick so that it doesn't fall on you; this is how to make ends meet; always squeeze bread to make sure it's fresh; but what if the baker won't let me feel the bread?; you mean to say that after all you are really going to be the kind of woman who the baker won't let near the bread?
Elizabeth George, Life Management for Busy Women: Living Out God's Plan with Passion & Purpose|If you want to live a godly life, then choose to put the things into your mind that lead to living a godly life.
Alexa Riley, Shielding Lily|You’ve always marched to beat of your own drum, and I know you do things in your own time and your own way.
Matt Ruff, The Mirage|...Few more seconds....let's just check out this and this and this... one more minute.... OH, OH my god it's 12 P.M. and times has went so fast... (The Computer Effect!)
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|Baby, sometimes what I’m thinking doesn’t translate into words. You’re going to have to badger them out of me until I get better at this, okay?
Jennifer Gold, Undiscovered Country|Human experience is not nest and orderly, ready to be coded into predetermined categories. Real life is messy
Cate Campbell Beatty, Donor 23|....you can overcome sadness, loneliness, even terrible loss. But guilt goes with you the grave.
Eudora Welty, One Writer's Beginnings|I learned from the age of two or three that any room in our house, at any time of day, was there to read in, or be read to.
Noam Chomsky|If one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen, society here would be quite civilized.
Anthony Liccione|The happy have whole days,and those they choose.The unhappy have but hours,and those they lose.
James Crumley, The Last Good Kiss|Every story is a ride to some place and time other than here and now. Buried in an armchair, reclined on a couch, prostrate on your bed, or glued to your desk, you can go places and travel through time.
Pete Sanders, Politicizing the Person-Centred Approach: An Agenda for Social Change|Further, we have to ask if community is possible when, as noted earlier, social media is so based on self. 'For all the rhetoric about cyber-community, the internet is less a forum for shared public life than an area for individuals to express their egos and find information in tune with their personal needs and desires.'Further, 'Instead of renewing community, these ever expanding cybernetic systems tend to band people together in like-minded or similarly interested groups. They equip us with new means of pursuing our own interests more than they nurture communities of diverse people who nevertheless seek shared lives and common ends.'Schultze, Habits
Knute Rockne|I don't think of myself as a role model for others, but I like to live my life by my own integrity. So, in that sense, I might be a positive influence. I do believe you should get over your insecurities and just try to be the best you can.
Grigoris Deoudis|The mind commands the body and is instantly obeyed. The mind commands itself and meets resistance. The mind commands the hand to move, and it so easy that one hardly distinguishes the order from its execution. Yet mind is mind and hand is body. The mind orders the mind to will. The recipient of the order is itself, yet it does not perform it.
William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying|The only people we want to blame are ourselves, because it will be ourselves that we rely upon.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|Our spirit requires freedom in every area of our lives. The barriers that stop our soul from free expression are doubt, guilt, resentment, and thoughts of lack or limitation.
Jennifer L. Armentrout|Because I know what I feel in here. And I'm not the type of person to run from anything, no matter how hard it is. I'd rather face-plant against a brick wall than live for the rest of my life wondering what could've been. And you know what? I didn't think you were that type to run, either. Maybe I was wrong.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Communication is not using beautiful and complex words to impress, but its all about expressing our truest emotions using simple words!
Morgan Rhodes, Frozen Tides|But I want you to know," Cleo continued, "that there is hope. And that I am living proof of that hope. Because, even though I was forced into this marriage against my will, I have come to know Prince Magnus Lukas Damora very well these last months. And one thing I've learned is that Prince Magnus is nothing like his father. Prince Magnus is brave and compassionate, and he truly wants what's just and best for this kingdom. Kindness is what makes a good king who will put the needs and rights of his people before his own desires.
John Donne|People don't associate red hair, pale skin, and freckles with beauty.
Jim Butcher|When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family. 
Robin Wall Kimmerer|With words at your disposal, you can see more clearly. Finding the words is another step in learning to see.
Jed Rubenfeld, The Interpretation of Murder|Let them go, Caine,” Diana pleaded.“Why, Diana? Why do you betray me?”“Betray you?” Diana laughed. “Betray you? I’ve been with you every day, every hour, from the start of this nightmare!”Caine looked at her. “But you hate me, anyway.”“No, you sick, stupid creep, I love you. I shouldn’t. I shouldn’t. You’re sick inside, Caine, sick! But I love you.
Alin Sav|Maybe we live in danger, but we live not in fear.
Hubert Martin|They surrounded me, bare me. Their fingers like tentacles and their desires like knives. Their fingers traced my secrets and their desires carved my skin.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|[Earl, on liking someone] Because, honestly, the rational part of me know for a rock-solid fact that I would never, ever get with Madison Hartner. But that was just the rational part of me. There's always a stupid irrational part of you, too, and you can't get rid of it. You can never completely kill off that tiny absurd spark of hope that this girl-against all odds, although she could date any guy at school, not to mention guys at college, and even though you look like the Oatmeal Monster and are a compulsive eater and suffer from constant congestion and say so many stupid things per day that it seems like a Stupid Things company is paying you to do it- this girl might like you.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|Rayner can't go into politics, she's got more shit on her than Elton John's cock!
Mark Twain|The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|Beneath the eerie calm of these unfathomable waters were deadly whirlpools of ambition, anger and unhappiness.
Fred Van Lente, Action Philosophers! Giant-Sized Thing, Vol. 1|It's not always so easy," she said softly."Why not? It's a part of who you are, isn't it?" he asked with all the sympathy of an asp being prodded with a stick.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Duke|I particularly want you to meet Miss Bucholtz.” The very idea made him uneasy. “Why is that,Ma’am?” he bluntly asked. Mrs. Morgan hesitated. “Keep this under your hat, mind you.” “Yes, Ma’am.”  She let out a tired sigh. “I’ve brought Miss Bucholtz to replace Mr. Gabellini.” Howie pictured a dried up old spinster with the same commanding presence as Mrs. Morgan, a real battle-axe. “Fireworks are coming. Are you sure a woman is the right, uh, person for the job?” “Bertha Bucholz is one of the best cooks I know. I guarantee by this time next month, you men will all be sporting five extra pounds.
Elisabeth Elo, North of Boston|But a bond is a bond. And when you’re young and haven’t yet learned to live in your own solitude, even a destructive bond can seem better than none.
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|While the powers of the Primal Cause lie in causation, it shows itself in process through thoughts, perception and conception. It is the power of the Primal Cause to decipher what is perceived from the ordered plane and conceive judgments through thoughts from the unordered.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|Drama copies life in there being a sense of waiting, of a promise never fulfilled.
George Segal|Globalization is a great thing, but it needs a legal framework in which to blossom.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|Because rain will wash away everything, if you let it.
Bill Konigsberg, Openly Straight|When u dont value the tears shed in your absence , you dont deserve the smile which begets the fragrance in life .
Jason Bateman|To stay true to your art is such a complicated journey, and Dad clearly has done it.
Pravinee Hurbungs|Youth, with all its accompanying risks, humiliations, and uncertainties, the pressure to do it all before it’s too late.
Elizabeth Ludwig, Tide and Tempest|You can embark on new and steeper versions of your old sin, you know, and cry tears doing it that are genuine as any.
RVM|Every good act is like a seed that we sow. We don’t know what it will bear, but it will bear some fruit some day.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Everyone’s mind has sort of a slum division—a flirtatious spot that doesn’t give a hoot about how grave a situation is but constantly endeavors to derail more earnest thoughts, almost like a death-wish backseat driver.
A.M. Homes|i wanted to be apart of the karma, that fed those whom have hurt me.. Than I realised, being apart of their karma is not a way to be free, so I let go with the belief;that, They chose the deed,& karma knows where their true intentions lead.
Nancey E. Turner|Taking up marriage is a good excuse for taking up cursing."These is my words
Medlar Lucan, The Decadent Cookbook|Playing the game means treating your dogs like gentlemen, and your gentlemen like dogs.
Drake|Our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, for the test of a civilization is the way that it cares for its helpless members.
Niccolò Machiavelli|From this arises the following question: whether it is better to be loved than feared, or the reverse. The answer is that one would like to be both the one and the other, but because they are difficult to combine, it is far better to be loved than feared if you cannot be both.
Benjamin Zander|I have a definition of success. For me, it's very simple. It's not about wealth and fame and power. It's about how many shining eyes I have around me.
Daniel Polansky, The Builders|Next to her a calico cat puffed away at a hubble-bubble. Puss’s watch cost more than his vest, and his vest cost more than his boots, and his boots cost more than a house. If you stripped him naked and sold off his costume, you’d walk away with enough money to retire—though if you left him alive you wouldn’t have long to enjoy it. The only thing that could rival Puss’s vanity was his sadism.
Tom Robbins, Tibetan Peach Pie: A True Account of an Imaginative Life|There is no such thing as gratitude unexpressed. If it is unexpressed, it is plain, old-fashioned ingratitude.
Juliette Binoche|When I was drafted by the Colts, Indianapolis was a basketball and a car racing town, but it didn't take long for the Colts to convert the city and state of Indiana into football evangelists.
Lois Greiman, Unplugged|A friend is someone who will bike to the ice cream shop with you, even when you don't look so good.
Khul Waters|I don’t want to be just your friend, Willow.”She took a step closer, her body pressing suggestively up against his.“Then what do you want to be, Re?” she asked in a husky whisper.Holding her stare, his eyes narrowed, begging to understand what she was doing to him.“I want to be your lover.”“Such things you do say, sir,” she said playfully, trying to pull away from his firm grasp.Re’s fingers tightened around her wrists. Never before had a woman refused him, not even through all the games they played with him. That this one was daring to do so, both angered and hurt him.
Sara Poole, Poison|He was a handsome man, not in the way of mercurial Cesare or the false angel, Morozzi, but with a calm steadiness that sat well upon him and shown in everything he did. The creations he drew from fire and air were possessed of great delicacy, but I was coming to realize that the man himself was as an oak, unshakable in the greatest storm.
Rachel Friedman, The Good Girl's Guide to Getting Lost: A Memoir of Three Continents, Two Friends, and One Unexpected Adventure|I imagine the people whose lives are most intertwined with mine, and I realize life has gone on without me. The planet has not imploded because I, the girl who has always done what is expected of her, decided not to, just this once.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Turbulence breaks a tree’s branches, but only tickles an eagle’s wings.
Lauren St. John, Rendezvous in Russia|People forget your face after a book tour or an infrequent appearance on Letterman, but put your face on your books and you're handing them your life. They presume to know what you think or who you are.
Stephanie Lahart|Just smile, breath, and give thanks (and there is always a reason to), because it beats the hell out of the alternative.
Munia Khan|Never forget that there is a soul within you, which loves you very much ,only because it's you.
Richard Hugo, The Triggering Town: Lectures and Essays on Poetry and Writing|In the world of imagination, all things belong.
Herman Melville, Mardi and a Voyage Thither|American cities are like badger holes, ringed with trash--all of them--surrounded by piles of wrecked and rusting automobiles, and almost smothered in rubbish. Everything we use comes in boxes, cartons, bins, the so-called packaging we love so much. The mountain of things we throw away are much greater than the things we use.
Emile Zola|Plato is dear to me, but dearer still is truth.
Diana Vreeland, D.V.|The first rule of improvisation is AGREE. Always agree and SAY YES. When you're improvising, this means you are required to agree with whatever your partner has created. So if we're improvising and I say, 'Freeze, I have a gun,' and you say, 'That's not a gun. It's your finger. You're pointing your finger at me,' our improvised scene has ground to a halt. But if I say, 'Freeze, I have a gun!' and you say, 'The gun I gave you for Christmas! You bastard!' then we have started a scene because we have AGREED that my finger is in fact a Christmas gun.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|If I so much as dare to intimately probe the reflection I see in the mirror, I am filled with the tormenting fear that I might be repulsed. God invites us to boldly probe the reflection in the mirror so that we might be released.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|Freedom of will is born from the neurons. And that freedom allows you to sometimes make even the worst decisions ever in your life. And by making the worst decision, you simply learn what would be the better decision in future.
Edwin Morgan|Queen Paola and I will never forget the ties that have grown between the people and us during the course of the years. Thank you for your confidence, tokens of sympathy and support, sometimes even with a little criticism. We always loved you.
Angela Parkhurst, The Forgotten Fairytales|That's the tragedy of fairy tales. The whole world puts them on a pedestal. People want their lives to be magical, but what people don't understand is that happiness is sacrificed. There is so much more to the story than what is written. The Cinderella you think she's so unfortunate with her mean sisters and stepmom. You think she deserves a happy ending with a prince, but the twenty-page journey is all you see. You learn little about who she is. What if Cinderella's just a good actress who has everyone fooled, when really, she sucks. She more than sucks.
Gerard Manley Hopkins|One idea I explore in my stand-up show is whether, if you try looking at the universe rationally and avoid coping mechanisms like mysticism or religion, you can still be happy knowing you are going to die after a brief time on this spinning ball.
Rachel Kushner|Regardless of the sexual orientation behind a relationship, it is still a relationship and still love.
Hilary Duff, Elixir|Pleased to meet you." Sage said, offering his hand. "The pleasure is all mine," Rayna Purred. "Unless ofcourse, it's all Clea's which is even better."Sage smiled and might have even blushed a bit, which was highly entertaining.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|Hot heart-blood leaked from my face. From my eyes and my nose and my mouth. Not tears, because those would never stop. This was just liquid heartbreak seeping from my pores.
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|Alice asked the Cheshire Cat who was sitting in a tree "What road do I take?"The cat asked, "Where do you want to go?""I don't know " answered Alice. "Then, said the cat, it really doesn't matter, does it?
Jamie Holoran, Rounder's People|Jimmy was in a league of his own when it came to puerile, half-pissed badinage.
RVM|It’s great to earn, but don’t leave it behind for someone else to burn.
Sunday Adelaja|Each of us has our own unique traits, but we need them to fulfil our destiny
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you don’t’ know what you want, others will give you what they want.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|To give yourself away keep yourself still,And you must live drawn by your own sweet skill.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|Writing, for me, makes the world shiver and flame with meaning.
Bindu Adai|If writing is your passion, write and don’t let anyone else convince you otherwise. You don’t need to quit your day job to do it. Create a realistic schedule and stick with it.
Gilbert Sorrentino, The Abyss of Human Illusion|It was clear that the house was run on a certain system, of either great pomposity or great denial - it was too early for her to make up her mind about which one it was.
Jeffrey Hopkins, Meditation on Emptiness|What are you waiting for, you little mortal! You have no time! Get up and get out and do something to protect your miraculous existence!
Harold B. Lee|Carbohydrate density is simple to calculate -- just divide the quantity of carbohydrate in food by the weight of the food. The more carbs packed into a given gram of food, the higher its carbohydrate density.
Janna Cachola|If people aren't on board with your dreams, there is still that one man canoe. Sail on and slay on with it.
Jamie xx|I loved being Maleficent. I was quite sad to put my staff down and put my horns away because somehow, she just lives in a different world.
Aleister Crowley, The Book of the Law|It seems rather prophetic. We were just joking about this the other day.""I know. Fate has annoying timing.
Auliq Ice|Linked together as a team with one goal, we soon realized we were only as strong as our weakest link. But did we condemn the weaker￼member? That wouldn’t serve any purpose. Instead, the stronger guys responded by carrying more weight than the weaker teammate. Encouragement was key in reaching the top of the stadium, standing as one.Sometimes one person on your team may not be as strong as another. Strengths usually differ. Likewise, in an encounter with another, someone may have a different set of beliefs or ideas.To accomplish any goal, embracing the strengths and weaknesses of each member and compensating where necessary are the best ways to make it to the top.
Lemony Snicket, Why Is This Night Different from All Other Nights?|We'll see what you find out," Stew said. "You'll find out what it feels like to be thrown from a speeding train to the rocky bottom of a drained sea. Except you won't really find out, because you'll be dead. Get it? What I mean is, it'll kill you when I throw you from this train so you'll be in no state to find out what it feels like. Get it? Due to your death by falling from a train.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|We humans lack imagination, to the point of not even knowing what tomorrow's important things will look like.
J.K. Rowling|Are you okay?" she heard someone - Levi? - ask "Hey... are you crying?"Cath ran her fingers along the cover, over the raised gold type.Then someone else ran right into her, pushing the book into Cath's chest. Pushing two books into her chest. Cath looked up just as Wren threw an arm around her."They're both crying," Cath heard Reagan say. "I can't even watch."Cath freed an arm to wrap around her sister. "I can't believe it's really over," she whispered.Wren held her tight and shook her head. She really was crying, too. "Don't be so melodramatic, Cath," Wren laughed hoarsely. "It's never over... It's Simon.
Katie Waitman, The Merro Tree|He gave us music that reached into the ear like a lover's tongue and changed the color of our feelings. He presented movement so exquisite and fluid it coaxed our souls out of our bodies to dance with him, weightless in the perfume of divinity.
Lake Bell|If there's any object in human experience that's a precedent for what a computer should be like, it's a musical instrument: a device where you can explore a huge range of possibilities through an interface that connects your mind and your body, allowing you to be emotionally authentic and expressive.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|See?" she heard Shane yell at the kitchen. "She doesn't stomp around like a cattle stampede!""Bite me, Collins! No bacon for you, either!
Thomas Amo, Forever ME|We all say and do things we regret, but it’s never to late to change, apologize and become a better person
Cheech Marin|Along with its enchanting and exquisite melodies, West Side Story has attitude and a tremendous amount of frenetic energy. It's emotional, theatrical and technical. It's everything.
Cynthia Rogers Parks, Houses: a novel|Now I know I’ll never be numb again. A mother is condemned to feel everything forever. And I’m finally afraid, condemned to fear everything forever. But that makes sense: feel someone else’s pain, feel someone else’s everything.And he’s my baby, so everything’s okay.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is the greatest drug; joy is the strongest medicine; virtue is the noblest remedy; together, they are the greatest therapy.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|But, of course, you might be asking yourself, 'Am I a feminist? I might not be. I don't know! I still don't know what it is! I'm too knackered and confused to work it out. That curtain pole really still isn't up! I don't have time to work out if I am a women's libber! There seems to be a lot to it. WHAT DOES IT MEAN?'I understand. So here is the quick way of working out if you're a feminist. Put your hand in your pants.a) Do you have a vagina? andb) Do you want to be in charge of it?If you said 'yes' to both, then congratulations! You're a feminist.
Wrushank Sorte|It is so small a thing to have enjoyed the sun, to have lived light in the spring, to have loved, to have thought, to have done.
Joel Osteen|The world is a crazy, beautiful, ugly complicated place, and it keeps moving on from crisis to strangeness to beauty to weirdness to tragedy. The caravan keeps moving on, and the job of the longform writer or filmmaker or radio broadcaster is to stop - is to pause - and when the caravan goes away, that's when this stuff comes.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Through you we learn to be invisible, through you inaudible; and hence we can hold the enemy's fate in our hands.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|let the stars inside you breathe,before the darkness swallows them whole.let them burn through your skinand light this whole goddamn world on fire.
Kofi Annan|He beat me when you not here, I say.Who do, she say, Albert?Mr ____, I say.I can't believe it, she say. She sit down on the bench next to me real hard, like she drop.What he beat you for? she ast.For being me and not you.
Conway Twitty|A good country song takes a page out of someone's life, and puts it into music.
Min Jin Lee, Pachinko|His Presbyterian minster father had believed in a divine design, and Mozasu believed that life was like this game where the player could adjust the dials yet also expect the uncertainty of factors he couldn't control. He understood why his customers wanted to play something that looked fixed but which also left room for randomness and hope.
Suman Jyoty Bhante|The means and the results, the good and the bad, are within all of us who are aware and care.
Iain M. Banks, The State of the Art|In the two years after No Logo came out, I went to dozens of teach-ins and conferences, some of them attended by thousands of people (tens of thousands in the case of the World Social Forum), that were exclusively devoted to popular education about the inner workings of global finance and trade. No topic was too arcane: the science of genetically modified foods, trade-related intellectual property rights, the fine print of bilateral trade deals, the patenting of seeds, the truth about certain carbon sinks. I sensed in these rooms a hunger for knowledge that I have never witnessed in any university class. It was as if people understood, all at once, that gathering this knowledge was crucial to the survival not just of democracy but of the planet. Yes, this was complicated, but we embraced that complexity because we were finally looking at systems, not just symbols.
William Porcher Dubose|I see in Jesus not only the supreme act of humility in God, but the supreme act of humanity in God.
A.A. Milne|Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason so few engage in it.
Donna Lynn Hope|And you left your mark on me...With the destruction of us, finally, we became no one.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman|When things are good in your life, take the time to build and fortify your relationship with the Lord. Never become complacent about your relationship with Him, because there’s always room to grow DEEPER!
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|It had been in their hands then; he was quite sure of it. But kids lose everything, kids have slippery fingers and holes in their pockets and they lose everything.
Stewart O'Nan, Songs for the Missing|Maybe he was old-fashioned, but to him a couple meant a strong bond, with positive and negative charges constantly arcing between them.
Mensah Oteh|Passion ignites your innate desire to create, produce, give and grow.
Randy Pausch|The answer to enemies who heal annoyingly fast is always, always decapitation. That is why swords will never go out of style.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you begin to ask questions, you will find the answers.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I have managed not to finish certain books. With barely a twinge of conscience, I hurl down what bores me or doesn't give what I crave: ecstasy, transcendence, a thrill of mysterious connection. For, more than anything else, readers are thrill-seekers, though I don't read thrillers, not the kind sold under that label, anyway. They don't thrill; only language thrills.
Marina and the Diamonds|I feel like everyone has the right to privacy, even if you're the most famous person in the world.
Malcolm Gladwell, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking|To be black in the Baltimore of my youth was to be naked before the elements of the world, before all the guns, fists, knives, crack, rape, and disease. The nakedness is not an error, nor pathology. The nakedness is the correct and intended result of policy, the predictable upshot of people forced for centuries to live under fear, The law did not protect us. And now, in your time, the law has become an excuse for stopping and frisking you, which is to say, for furthering the assault on your body, But a society that protects some people through a safety net of schools, government-backed home loans, and ancestral wealth but can only protect you with a club of criminal justice has either failed at enforcing its good intentions or has succeeded at something much darker. However you call it, the result was our infirmity before the criminal forces of the world. It does not matter if the agent of those forces is white or black—what matters is our condition, what matters is the system that makes your body breakable.
Steven Cuoco|Sometimes I wonder what the world would be like if we all got along. If there were no terrorism, Islamophobia, Western hypocrisy, corrupt government in African countries (especially Liberia), sexism, nativism, people like Donald Trump, stereotypes, war, Capitalism, Communism, Marxism and xenophobia.
John Taylor Gatto|Children learn what they live. Put kids in a class and they will live out their lives in an invisible cage, isolated from their chance at community; interrupt kids with bells and horns all the time and they will learn that nothing is important or worth finishing; ridicule them and they will retreat from human association; shame them and they will find a hundred ways to get even. The habits taught in large-scale organizations are deadly.
Parvesh Cheena|Priesthood quorums teach and assist their members to attain good health, financial stability, and a year's supply of food and clothing. They also teach their members to be self-reliant and to give their time, talents, and means in behalf of the Church, community, and needy.
Brent Schlender, Becoming Steve Jobs: The Evolution of a Reckless Upstart into a Visionary Leader|There comes a point in your life when you realize your hardest times are your best times, too—you will see the rainbow of your life.
Brigham Young, Journal of Discourses, Volume 3|If I do not know the will of my Father, and what He requires of me in a certain transaction, if I ask Him to give me wisdom concerning any requirement in my life, or in regard to my own course, or that of my friends, my family, my children, or those that I preside over, and get no answer from Him, and then do the very best that my judgement will teach me, He is bound to own and honor that transaction, and He will do so to all intents and purposes.
Avina Celeste|If you needed some sort of sign, here it is. Get going! You can do it!
Chuck Palahniuk|If nothing else, they died fast and they were warm. The boy from the plane, I thought. The one with the teddy bear. Where was Rudy's confort? Where was someone to alleviate this robbery of his life? Who was there to soothe him as life's rug was snatched from under his sleeping feet?
Hilary McKay|It was 5:30 in the morning, and Wally’s coffee maker was just completing its automated process, yielding its much appreciated nectar for Richard’s consumption. He filled the biggest cup he could find two-thirds of the way up, and then opened the cabinet, selecting an espresso shot from the shelf. It proclaimed in bright red letters: “WARNING HIGH CAFFIENE. LIMIT 2 PER DAY”. Richard laughed a little as he dumped four of them into his coffee
Marty Rubin|Experience is true, but not the lessons it teaches.
Colin Meloy|This was all in the making, a long time ago. You had as much control over these events as a leaf does in the time of its falling.
Mikhail Khorev, Letters from a Soviet Prison Camp|Living according to God's truth means that my ego must die, and I must live entirely for God and for my neighbors. Living according to God's truth means not following the crowd and not being dismayed when even your friends misunderstand you. For the God whom you serve will have the final word. On the day of judgement he will speak the final word over the whole of your life.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|Nothing changes; we humans repeat the same sins over and over, eternally.
Dick Gregory|When you live far away, home looks a little different every time.
Terry Eagleton, How to Read Literature|The most common mistake students of literature make is to go straight for what the poem or novel says, setting aside the way that it says it. To read like this is to set aside the ‘literariness’ of the work – the fact that it is a poem or play or novel, rather than an account of the incidence of soil erosion in Nebraska.
Ashly Lorenzana|If you manage to live long enough, most of your greatest fears become fond memories to look back on.
Lemony Snicket, The Slippery Slope|I'm jealous of your hooks," Kevin replied. "Having no hands is better than having two equally strong hands."Don't be ridiculous," one of the white-faced women replied. "Having a white face is worse than both of your situations."But you have a white face because you put makeup on," Colette said, as Sunny climbed back out of the trunk and knelt down in the snow. "You're putting powder on your face right now.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|But the hair on her arms did not stand on end; she did not experience any strange instances of déjà vu; she did not see the ghosts of future selves shimmering before her, shouting stock picks back through time.
John N Gray|As commonly practiced, philosophy is the attempt to find good reasons for conventional beliefs.
Alan Lakein|Social networks are so full of wasted time - they could be compared to a waste disposal system. Flush, before you go and waste no time to go.
Genereux Philip|Overthinking is parasitic. It’s viral. It’s deadly, even. Letting yourself fall victim to overthinking doesn’t just kill your happiness, it destroys who you are. The mind is a beautiful and complex thing, and the only person who can hurt it is yourself.
James Salter|Choosing to break up your family is one of the most difficult decisions you will make in a lifetime. But once you have come to it; it will be with certainty. Certainty that you are ready to embrace the changes, the challenges and the joys of starting a new life.
Anthony T. Hincks|There will always be someone better looking; better off; smarter; richer; thinner; taller; shorter; have more friends than you; a better car and a better house.You might not have what they have, but when you look in the mirror, that's you!And that's something that they don't have and will never have!
Arianna Ruby|Not a day goes by, without thinking, that books are our future, not technology.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. I could fly. I was going to use this power to impress you, but you were too heavy to carry, so I won you over with my personality instead
Lenore Skenazy|Now, the error which many parents commit in the treatment of the individual at this time(adolescense) is, insisting on the same unreasoning obedience as when all he had to do in the way of duty was, to obey the simple laws of "Come when you're called," and "Do as you're bid!" But a wise parent humours the desire for independent action, so as to become the friend and adviser when his absolute rule shall cease.
honeya|I really feel that people who have problem with Lesbians‬, Gays‬ and Transgenders‬, should be blessed with any one of them Only to realize that they are human beings too..Let them live peacefully for gods sake!
Kajal Aggarwal|I love Jonathan Richman - I love a lot of his music, and the thing I really like about him is his attitude. He seems very happy, and the way he performs is like, 'Don't worry, everybody, just get into it. I'm just having fun; I like when you guys are having fun.'
Susan X. Meagher, All That Matters|Kylie and Nick went to the symphony the next night, and by the time she came home, Blair was sound asleep on the sofa. The doctor gently woke her and helped her to her feet. “But I wanna stay up and talk about being a lesbian,” Blair mumbled, her words sounding comical given her tousled hair and sleep-suffused voice. “We can talk about being lesbians tomorrow.” Kylie scratched the back of Blair’s neck, knowing that a good scratch was as effective as ether. By the time they reached the bedroom, Kylie merely had to urge her onto the bed and cover her with a quilt. “That’s my girl,” Kylie said.
Derek Landy, The Maleficent Seven: From the World of Skulduggery Pleasant|Ladies and gentleman," he said over the speakers, "welcome aboard this recently liberated Gulfstream V. If I could have your attention for just a few moments, I'd like to go over the safety features of this aircraft. It has an engine, to make us go, and wings, to keep us in the air. There are seatbelts, which won't do you an awful lot of good if we fly into the side of a mountain.
BikeSnobNYC, The Enlightened Cyclist: Commuter Angst, Dangerous Drivers, and Other Obstacles on the Path to Two-Wheeled Trancendence|The ark was like a portable computer hard drive and Noah was a one-man Geek Squad, and he dumped God's most important files onto it before he zorched the virus-ridden computer that was the world.
Allen Ginsberg|I wanted to throw off the chains that bound me and give my entire being to someone. I wanted to know what it felt like to love another so much that the whole world came crashing down around me when it ended. I wanted obsession. I wanted madness. I wanted something all-consuming. And now that I realized it, I didn’t think that I would ever be the same again. And that terrified me.
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|Not easy, not at all for everyone to see the beauty of one's self/soul. It's all about money, nothing else.
Donald Miller, To Own a Dragon: Reflections on Growing Up Without a Father|At the time, I didn't know what forgiveness meant. I wouldn't really know what forgiveness meant for another year, until my pastor, Rick McKinley, happened to spell it out in a sermon. He said that when you forgive, you bear the burden somebody has given you without holding them accountable.
Buckman, Robert|I wish there wasn't such a division between people who believe certain things and people who don't. It seems vastly hypocritical on both ends, these two groups of people both claiming to believe in good things and yet willing to do bad things to each other for disagreeing.
Ashim Shanker, Don't Forget to Breathe|Each form is inadequate, like a graft to be rejected by its intractable and unrelenting host and thus can only serve a brief and momentary purpose coherent to a context rooted in contiguous reason. This unbridled brash Spirit is, to itself, burdensome, yet dynamic, for it sees no flaw in working within the confines of a closed system to achieve ends that extend beyond it. This Spirit is, in fact, self-deceptive for to achieve such ends, it becomes necessary to bound manipulable fragments of the Self with a twine by which these parts can be joined indissolubly and maneuvered adroitly with the skill of a marionettist.
John James Audubon|Thou art my single day, God lends to leaven What were all earth else, with a feel of heaven.
David Malouf, Dream Stuff: Stories|What drew him back was something altogether more personal, to a history where, in the pain and longing of adolescence, he was still standing on the corner of Queen and Albert Streets waiting for someone that he knew would never appear. He had long understood that one of his selves, the earliest and most vulnerable, had never left this place, and this original and clearest view of things could be recovered only through what had first come to him in the glow of its ordinary light and weather...it was the light they appeared in that was the point, and that at least had not changed.
Marge Piercy, Dance the Eagle to Sleep|I should have liked to be asked to say what I knew. They always tried to ask what I did not know. When I would have willingly displayed my knowledge, they sought to expose my ignorance. This sort of treatment had only one result: I did not do well in examinations
Katherine Schwarzenegger|I grew up listening to Jay-Z, and I think the first time I really became obsessed with learning and thinking about lyrics was when I started listening to rap; I was 11, 12, and started becoming aware of music beyond the familiar.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God knew that children grow and mature best in a stable, loving family, and this was one reason He gave marriage to us.
Mary Oliver|Up in that room I decided that I would write one story about each thing that I knew about. I was trying to do this all the time I was writing, and it was good and severe discipline.
Nino Varsimashvili|Love is the strength through which a heart starts speaking,Vertiginous windstorm that opens the door to madness.An inspiration that keeps us awake whilst sleeping,Magical breeze that blows away the sadness.
Giordano Bruno|They dispute not in order to find or even to seek Truth, but for victory, and to appear the more learned and strenuous upholders of a contrary opinion. Such persons should be avoided by all who have not a good breastplate of patience.
T.K. Naliaka, In Time of Peril|They fear as I once feared you,” he said. “As you once feared me. We are all someone’s monster, Nina
Claire Vaye Watkins|I AM A BIG STUPID,SO NEAR ME WANDER CUPID,BUT I KNOW TO BE LUCID,I NEVER WASTE MY EYES FLUID.
Erica Bauermeister, The School of Essential Ingredients|At a time when she was engaged to Stilton Cheesewright, I remember recording in the archives that she was tall and willowy with a terrific profile and luxuriant platinum blond-hair, the sort of girl who might, as far as looks were concerned, have been the star unit of the harem of one of the better-class sultans.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|How bitter they cry in need, those who refuse to help others in trouble!
Phillip E. Johnson, Darwin on Trial|Biochemists assume that the three cellular kingdoms evolved from a single common ancestor, because the alternative of supposing an independent origin of life two or more times presents still greater difficulties. The common ancestor is merely hypothetical, as are the numerous transitional intermediate forms that would have to connect such enormously different groups to the ancestor. From a Darwinist viewpoint all these hypothetical creatures are a logical necessity, but there is no empirical confirmation that they existed.
Angelica Hopes|Auntie An-mei had cried before she left for China, thinking she would make her brother very rich and happy by communist standards. But when she got home, she cried to me that everyone had a palm out and she was the only one who left with an empty hand.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Man only likes counting his grief, he doesn't count his happiness. But if he were to count properly, he'd see that there's enough of both lots for him.
Stacy London|You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.
Robertson Davies, The Rebel Angels|If you abandon your two glasses of wine, it is to show your children, your friends, and your society that your life is not only for yourself. Your life is for your ancestors, future generations, and also your society. To stop drinking two glasses of wine every week is a very deep practice, even if it has not brought you any harm. That is the insight of a bodhisattva who knows that everything she does is done for all her ancestors and future generations... In modern life, people think that their body belongs to them and they can do anything they want to it... This is one of the manifestations of individualism. But, according to the teaching of emptiness, your body is not yours. Your body belongs to your ancestors, your parents, and future generations. It also belongs to society and to all other living beings. All of them have come together to bring about the presence of this body--the trees, clouds, everything. Keeping your body healthy is to express gratitude to the whole cosmos, to all ancestors, and also not to betray the future generations," (64-65).
Stephen Fry|When preparing for Book One, I talked to a couple of psychiatrists about psychosomatic phenomena, neuroses and dissociative conditions, for example the so—called hysterical blindness suffered by many who saw the Killing Fields in Pol Pot’s Cambodia: their eyes objectively see, but they are not aware of it and are blind because they believe they can’t see. One specialist told me that among modern Western people, ’metaphorical’ symptoms such as Fredy or those Cambodians evince are much rarer now than earlier in the twentieth century or before. Nowadays most people are better equipped by education to verbalise their neuroses, and have lots of jargon in which to do so. For most of the dissociative dimension, I could draw on things I knew from within myself.
John Boozman|I don't need the fillers, additives, excessive amounts of sugars, fats, salts and other measures taken to taint the natural goodness of real food.
Ian Hall|The fact is I am quite happy in a movie, even a bad movie. Other people, so I have read, treasure memorable moments in their lives: the time one climbed the Parthenon at sunrise, the summer night one met a lonely girl in Central Park and achieved with her a sweet and natural relationship, as they say in books. I too once met a girl in Central Park, but it was not much to remember. What I remember is the time John Wayne killed three men with a carbine as he was falling to the dusty street in Stagecoach, and the time the kitten found Orson Wells in the doorway in the Third Man.
Usman W. Chohan|Oscar Wilde may have quipped that one can “never be overdressed or overeducated,” but Wilde did not live in our era of overeducated baristas.
Annie Gottlieb|If Copenhagen were a person, that person would be generous, beautiful, elderly, but with a flair. A human being that has certain propensities for quarrelling, filled with imagination and with appetite for the new and with respect for the old - somebody who takes good care of things and of people.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|Such is the lot of the narcissist's child, to inherit her parent's umbrage over the world's indifference.
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|I’ve had pedicures before, and I’ve had milk shakes. Just never at the same time. And it’s glorious.
Sanchita Pandey, Cancer to Cure|How was it then that I could see a monster in him as easily as I could see his dignity, his integrity, and his charm? I had learned over the years that he held everything in for as long as he could. When he reached his limit, unrelated incidents could unleash that pent-up anger to an unprecedented degree.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the nectar of life, I like to kiss you like a beautiful bee kisses the flower.
Linda M. Godwin|When you're young, you don't have any experience - you're charged up, but you're out of control. And if you're old and you're not charged up, then all you have is memories. But if you're charged and stimulated by what's going on around you, and you also have experience, you know what to appreciate and what to pass by.
Mary Roach, Packing for Mars: The Curious Science of Life in the Void|As when astronaut Mike Mulhane was asked by a NASA psychiatrist what epitaph he'd like to have on his gravestone, Mulhane answered, "A loving husband and devoted father," though in reality, he jokes in "Riding Rockets," "I would have sold my wife and children into slavery for a ride into space.
John Stuart Mill|Whatever has happened to you in your past has no power over this present moment, because life is now.
Barry White|If a professional musician in a symphony orchestra is playing Beethoven. But this particular orchestra have played this particular chestnut so many times, they can play it in their sleep. Does the genius remain present in the music or not?
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|Why am I anti-social?? Hey GreenWind can you answer me, little black biatch that I don't go out makes me anti social? How about the people which can't cross the street, everyday talking about football and playing box. You are one of them, so you are without minded guy, you are dumb, stupid and black biatch. Let's see how now you will win??? Why you are so quite??? Oh,oh I know you don't have what to say!
May Sarton, Plant Dreaming Deep|Yes, writing is that easy. Yes, writing is that hard. But if you want to do it you can. Only you can stop you.
Charles Baxter, The Feast of Love|As the poet says, all happy couples are alike, it's the unhappy ones who create the stories. I'm no longer a story. Happiness has made me fade into real life.
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|The beauty of obedience is that what God expects you to do, He also enables you to do.
James Polshek|Everyone should be able to build, and as long as this freedom to build does not exist, the present-day planned architecture cannot be considered art at all.
Lianne Downey, Cosmic Dancer: An Interdimensional Fantasy|We all experience highs and lows in life. If you are feeling down right now, each second that passes is another moment to turn it all around. Feelings, good and bad, always come and go. The trick is to be grateful when your mood is high and graceful when it is low. When you stop expecting people and situations to be perfect, you can start appreciating them for who and what they are. Imperfections are important, and so are mistakes. We get to be good by learning from our mistakes and we get to be real by being imperfect.
Kyra Jackson|Stare up at the stars,Don't be fearful of the night.For, it is the darkness,That lets us know the light.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Although I had committed just about every sort of assault imaginable on people and even the odd one or two against the police, I still had and still do have respect for the old school policeman.
Carol Grace|There is no old age. There is, as there always was, only you.
Luke Scull, Sword of the North|Rather than trying to control Anger,try deferring it,looking for an alternative way of handling...i bet its more easy as well as more effective.
James Grady, Six Days of the Condor|The dog leash was still tied tight around the oak tree in the back, stretched worn and limp across the green grass as if trying to escape to freedom; and he buried his wife without a tombstone. Where before, she sat most times in his home, licking her wounds.
Leonard Mlodinow|I was sad to see anybody leave, we had a very nice family on that show. I was very sad to see momma go, Victoria and especially Linda. My god that was my wife on the show, in fact my wife calls her wife.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|Every day in my consultancy, I meet men and women who are out of their minds. That is, they have not the slightest idea who they really are or what it is that matters to them. The question 'How shall I live?' is not one I can answer on prescription.
Rupert Murdoch|The gift that has been given to me says much about our capacity for great compassion and generosity, and I hope it sends an inspiring message to others about the importance of organ donation.
Joyce Carol Oates|For in America this season is decreed “family season”. (Eat your hearts out, you pitiable loners who don’t have families!) Melancholy as Thanksgiving is, the Christmas-New year’s season is far worse and lasts far longer, providing rich fund of opportunities for self-medicating, mental collapse, suicide and public mayhem with firearms. In fact it might be argued that the Christmas-New year’s season which begins abruptly after Thanksgiving is now the core-sason of American life itself, the meaning of American life„ the brute existencial point of it. How without families must envy us who bask in parental love, in the glow of yule-logs burning in fireplaces stoked by our daddie’s robust pokers, we who are stuffed to bursting with our mummie’s frantic holiday cooking; how you wish you could be us, pampered/protected kids tearing expensive foil wrappings off too many packages to count, gathered about the Christmas tree on Christmas morning as Mummy gently chided: “Skyler! Bliss! Show Daddy and Mummy what you’ve just opened, please! And save the little cards, so you know who gave such nice things to you”.
Mark F. LaMoure|Improve yourself. You can become what you admire most in life. By admiring the quality of excellence in other people, and practicing that same quality, you too can become exceptional. Get going now and push yourself to create the reality.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Authentic Christian living has its own order of priority in our lives: God first, others second, self third.
Scott Stabile|If you believe in God,then you’re a child of God.As such, you’re as worthy of loveas anyone who has ever lived. If you don’t believe in God,then you’re a child of Nature.As such, you’re as worthy of loveas anyone who has ever lived.Nothing you can do will make youany more or any less worthy of lovethan you already are, and always have been.You’re as worthy as they come, my friend.Please try not to forget that.
Kurt Cobain|Peace,love,empathy
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|My hand lowered slowly to my side. It trembled. "There is no affection," I said, each syllable a measured force of emotion I dared not allow purchase, "that will endure when treated as a thing.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|The purpose of computation is insight, not numbers.
Alain de Botton|I've learned that friendship does not equate business, business does not equate friendship.
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|Rachel,” I snap, “I don’t care if Janelle wants to work at Hooters. I don’t care if you and the rest of the world want to go spend your money on dried-out chicken and ketchup-based sauces. And least of all—less than almost anything else I can imagine—I don’t care how much sex your sister is or isn’t having. That’s kind of the deal with the whole uptight feminazi thing—we don’t care when other women want to wear stupid orange Soffe shorts with white tennis shoes and have a lot of sex, or when they want to wear habits and live in a convent, or if they want to walk around in pasties and never French kiss, so long as they’re allowed to do what they want. And right now, all I want is to go to bed. Okay?
|Where there is no sense of urgency, there is usually a strong habit of procrastination.
A.G. Sorachi|One Must Always Remember That Birth, Old Age, Disease And Death Comes At Any Moment In Regardless Of Whom We Are Or What We Have In Forms Of Material Possession.
Alan Weisman, Countdown: Our Last Best Hope for a Future on Earth?|Whether we accept it or not, this will likely be the century that determines what the optimal human population is for our planet. It will come about in one of two ways: Either we decide to manage our own numbers, to avoid a collision of every line on civilization's graph - or nature will do it for us, in the form of famines, thirst, climate chaos, crashing ecosystems, opportunistic disease, and wars over dwindling resources that finally cut us down to size.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|You are hurrying to the sweet place, To the nonsense chasing your spirit And in the nonsense you look for answers.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders don’t hide good news from their followers. As long as they discover knowledge, they share knowledge. They leave part of them with people they meet; hence they are hardly missed when they are gone.
Henry Cavill|I've had weight issues all my life. I've been on all the diets: Atkins, liquid protein, Scarsdale diet. Now I go to the gym often. I'm always on the StairMaster, and I do weights.
Lemony Snicket, The Wide Window|Flies purify the air, and plays--the morals.
Jose Gonzalez|I love to see the smiles on people's faces when you cook for them. I love to go to different restaurants. I want to cook because I know this acting isn't going to last forever, and I want something to fall back on. It's another way to make people smile.
Amit  Chatterjee|Wisdom is available free of charge, but one has to give away somethings to acquire it!
Jacob Bronowski, The Origins of Knowledge and Imagination|So what if you're scared spitless? So what if you're intimidated, insecure or inundated with doubt? If it's the thing that will advance you, do it anyway. Forward movement always begins with an inward decision.
Scarlett Avery, French Kiss|Will, was not as taken with the photo of the new baby as the grown ups around him. “It look like Mr. Potato Head.” “I’m sure your baby sister will appreciate that,” Alessandro said with a wry grin. “A girl? It’s a girl?” Will asked with a grimace. “That’s right,” Bree announced as Vanessa and Brian congratulated them. “I can play wif Gianni but what we gonna do wif a girl?” he asked, handing the picture back to them. “Nope, send it backand get another boy dis time.
Brian McNaughton|Fear, if not accompanied by pain, turns into a habit
Ken Jeong|After many decades of Disney movies, we have been conditioned to expect princesses to fall in love quickly with their charming princes and 'live happily ever after.'
George Ifeanyi|Each of us has to blaze our own trail and figure out the best path for our own lives. Every so often, I think it's important to stop and look around to see that we're still on the trail that we once embarked upon some time ago. If somewhere along along the way we look up and the trailhead is nowhere to be found and we seem to have gone painfully off track - that's okay too. Every single day we have a choice to get back on track and when it's all said and done, it's abundantly clear that there is more than one way to get to the finish line of a life well lived.
Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country|In his mind, the city, as it awoke from its slumber, seemed to be built on quicksand. The stability was illusory.
Zoe Lister-Jones|I feel like there is always a rumor that I'm dating someone that I never met before. People have their judgments and ideas of who I am, and they know nothing.
Kirby Larson, Hattie Big Sky|A being who, as I grew older, lost imagination, emotion, a type of intelligence, a way of feeling things - all that which, while it made me sorry, did not horrify me. But what am I experiencing when I read myself as if I were someone else? On which bank am I standing if I see myself in the depths?
Sara Eckel, It's Not You: 27 (Wrong) Reasons You're Single|Anytime a group of people assemble for a common cause, amazing things can happen.
Penelope Douglas, Punk 57|A frenzy of activity that had mostly led him in circles: wasn't that a fairly accurate description of lust? At times Bennie didn't even mind its disappearance; it was sort of a relief not to be constantly wanting to fuck someone. The world was unquestionably a more peaceful place without the half hard-on that had been his constant companion since the age of thirteen, but did Bennie want to live in such a world?
Sarra Cannon, Beautiful Demons|Most inspirational writers were born as driftwood and will say they have been beaten against every shoreline during their life. We understand storms. We understand drowning. We understand being devalued. We understand being stranded alone on a beach. God made us this way so we would know where every lighthouse can be found and tell others how to find them. We were never meant to stand on the beach with you because every rescue we do rescues ourselves. We always go back to the sea because that is where driftwood belongs--forever searching for answers to our endless questions and sharing what we learned...(2012, Writer’s Conference)
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Sometimes, the best way of solving a problem is by letting it unsolved.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What binds a wife to her husband is neither magic, nor a priest, nor love! What makes this possible is only silver coins! A woman’s heart is like a candle, my friend. As long as the money wick keeps burning, her heart stays warm. But when the wick burns down, her love is extinguished!
Sarah Ruhl, 100 Essays I Don't Have Time to Write: On Umbrellas and Sword Fights, Parades and Dogs, Fire Alarms, Children, and Theater|It’s a beautiful thing to see a man put so much trust in his children; to put so much care into their emotional well-being, to build them up from the earliest stages, and motivate them. Most parents are stumped when it comes to their first-born, they are not sure what are the right and wrong things to do, but Mr. Ellison was a natural… He gave his first born everything he never had, and multiplied it with an excessive amount of love and still kept a company going—- face immeasurable amount of pressure and stress, as he said:“ It was the most traumatic period in my life.
Melinda Salisbury, The Sin Eater’s Daughter|Forgive me again.” He lifts the carafe and refreshes his goblet. “What happened to those two children who laughed at dandelion fuzz?” he says softly. “Are they gone forever, do you think?
Ted Hughes|The inmost spirit of poetry, in other words, is at bottom, in every recorded case, the voice of pain – and the physical body, so to speak, of poetry, is the treatment by which the poet tries to reconcile that pain with the world.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|The different strategies and visions of ‘reformists’ and ‘radicals’ are not the only subject of major debate within lesbian, gay, bisexual and queer politics. The fact is that only a tiny minority of non-heterosexuals are involved in any sort of political activism. Various writers and activists have noted with rising alarm an almost mass depoliticisation of lesbian and gay communities in the 1990s. The crass commercialism of the gay scene and the rise of the so-called pink pound and of ‘lifestyle’ as a signifier of sexual identity (and human worth) has allowed huge profits to be reaped. Playing on the insecurities of people sells ‘packages’ which can include everything from ‘gay apartments’ to ‘gay holidays’ and ‘gay clothes’ to designer drugs.
Scott Stabile|there are no quick fixes. If we want our lives to change, we have to do the work.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Hey!" Claire called after him, as she leaned her backpack against the wall."No onions!""Your loss!""I meant for YOU! Not if you want to get kissed tonight!""Damn, girl. Harsh.
Alexander Pope|Nature, like man, sometimes weeps from gladness.
Joyce Vissell|Obviously, the choice between human selfishness and divine Selfishness is not about leaving or not leaving a relationship. More important are the day-to-day opportunities in the course of relationship. It is really the choice of living from the heart or living from fear. And how do you live from fear? Saying "yes" when your heart wants to say "no." Saying "no" when your heart wants to say "yes." By not listening to your heart (i.e., what is best for your soul), you compromise your truth, and cause suffering in the relationship. You may be afraid of hurting your friend. You may be afraid of losing their love and friendship. Whatever it is you are afraid of, it is still fear that is ruling you, rather than love.
Lao Tzu|A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself-and especially to feel, or not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at any moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
Garth Brooks|For a long time all I wanted for Christmas were books about outdoor survival. I was convinced that the woods were calling me. I camped a lot, I took classes. At 18, I told myself if I don't live in the woods by myself by the time I'm 25, I have failed.
Jason Micheal Ratliff|Tommy asks where Carolyn is."She's at Cindy's.""They live together now," Salvador added."Didn’t they just start dating?" Tommy asked.Tiger answered, "Yeah... A couple of WEEKS ago."Unhappy about the news, Tommy objects to Carolyn moving in with Cindy."That's how it happens in our WORLD," Salvador said. "One night you MEET, the next night you MOVE IN, and before you KNOW IT- you're digging a GRAVE IN THE BACK YARD FOR YOUR LOVER DURING A FREAK THUNDERSTORM.""THAT IS HIGHLY INAPPROPRIATE," Tommy said.After Salvador apologizes, Tommy asks how Raven's doing in prison."Fucking GREAT." Tiger answered. "How do you THINK?""No longer on suicide watch?""NO... FUCK...""Speaking of fucking. Is he still with BULL DOG?""I REALLY don’t wanna TALK about RAVEN right now- AND WHO HE'S FUCKING. Talk about INAPPROPRIATE.
Sunday Adelaja|If you carry offense in your heart, it is too early for you to start your team
Kumail Nanjiani|I see disappointment as something small and aggregate rather than something unified or great. With a little effort, every failure can be turned into something good.
Dan Quayle|Happy accidents are real gifts, and they can open the door to a future that didn't even exist. It's kind of nice sometimes to set up something to encourage or allow happy accidents to happen.
Immaculée Ilibagiza, Left to Tell: Discovering God Amidst the Rwandan Holocaust|I knew that my heart and mind would always be tempted to feel anger--to find blame and hate. But I resolved that when the negative feelings came upon me, I wouldn't wait for them to grow or fester. I would always turn immediately to the Source of all true power: I would turn to God and let His love and forgiveness protect and save me.
Richard Dawkins|Language is a more recent technology. Your body language, your eyes, your energy will come through to your audience before you even start speaking.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand.
John Stuart Mill, Auguste Comte And Positivism|Foresight of phenomenon and power over them depend on knowledge of their sequences, and not upon any notion we may have formed respecting their origin or inmost nature.
Kathleen Turner, Send Yourself Roses: Thoughts on My Life, Love, and Leading Roles|I've tried to prepare my daughter for the phenomenon I've experienced of beautiful young women being dismissed and devalued as interchangeable. I tell Rachel that if a relationship doesn't make you feel good about yourself as an individual, then it's not right. My grandmother told me once years ago that if you're ever with somebody who you find embarrasses you in public or private, you're with the wrong person. Walk away.
John Stuart Mill|That the principle which regulates the existing social relations between the two sexes -- the legal subordination of one sex to the other -- is wrong in itself, and now one of the chief hindrances to human improvement; and that it ought to be replaced by a principle of perfect equality, admitting no power or privilege on the one side, nor disability on the other.
Shiv Nadar|Based on my experience, I believe that Ben Sasse has the right policy background, a notable commitment to public service - and, perhaps most importantly, the courage - to help renew our country.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|When you’re in love, you’re capable of learning everything and knowing things you had never dared even to think, because love is the key to understanding of all the the mysteries.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|The arms race between [predators] and [prey] is asymmetric, in which success on either side is felt as failure by the other side, but the nature of the success and failure on the two sides is very different. The two sides are 'trying' to do very different things. [Predators] are trying to eat [prey]. [Prey] are not trying to eat [predators], they are trying to avoid being eaten by [predators].From an evolutionary point of view asymmetric arms races are more [likely] to generate highly complex weapons systems.
Dee Marie, Sons of Avalon: Merlin's Prophecy|He had only heard of dragons, and although he had never seen one, he was sure they existed.
Charlotte Brontë|It became clear to her that all men, however respectable in appearance and however elevated their position in society, were utter weaklings in front of a beautiful woman. - The Yacoubian Building, p. 42
John Kenneth Galbraith|The other two things are... well, I had a huge appetite for old black and white movies on BBC 2. At the weekends they used to run matinees, and the more romantic the better.
Luis Gutierrez|Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
C.T. Phipps, Esoterrorism: From the Secret Files of the Red Room|It's always Ragnarok. Regular mortals have the power to blow the world sky-high and all the major supernatural factions can do the same. The thing is, though, as long as people want to live then you're going to have people stepping in the way of those who want to do something to blow us up. That's the only way you can endure it.
Auliq Ice|Being clingy may work for puppies, but not for you.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|At heart, I have always been a coper, I've mostly been able to walk around with my wounds safely hidden, and I've always stored up my deep depressive episodes for the weeks off when there was time to have an abbreviated version of a complete breakdown. But in the end, I'd be able to get up and on with it, could always do what little must be done to scratch by.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|Everyday in the heat, rain and cold, I ran, alone in the woods...in the hills near our home. There I felt the gentle touch of God. And I heard His whisper, You're stronger now. It's time to tell the truth of what happened. Tell your story to give someone hope.
Graham Greene|There are many things that are essential to arriving at true peace of mind, and one of the most important is faith, which cannot be acquired without prayer.
Chris  Cannon, Blackmail Boyfriend|He wanted to break up with me in the cafeteria? Fat chance. I leaned toward him and touched his arm in a girlfriend sort of way. “If you planned to stage a public breakup with me, you can forget it.”Amusement showed in his hazel eyes. “Think you can stop me?
Trishelle Cannatella|I grew up in a very strong, nuclear family. My father was a sportsman. He represented South Africa in a couple of sports, so he was a very positive person and someone who encouraged you to be your best and give your best with everything that you do.
Janet Autherine, Growing into Greatness with God: 7 Paths to Greatness for our Sons and Daughters|We spring from one great tree of life; when the root of the tree is watered with love, we all thrive.
Marilyn L. Rice|Without goals we are nothing more than drifters, drifting where?
Harper Lee|I just know Maycomb. I'm not in the least sensitive about it, but good Lord, I'm certainly aware of it.
Sun Tzu, A Arte da Guerra|In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity
Mary Jane Auch, One-Handed Catch|Nobody will outwork, out-train or out-will me !
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|If you want a quality, act as if you already had it.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|Trouble seems to follow me around, waiting to club me with a tire iron.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The point is, there is no point. Choose your own!
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|Kay yawned and rested her forehead against the windowpane, her fingers idly strumming the guitar: the strings sang a hollow, lulling tune, as monotonously soothing as the Southern landscape, smudged in darkness, flowing past the window. An icy winter moon rolled above the train across the night sky like a thin white wheel.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|If you ever looked at me once with what I know is in you, I would be your slave.
Donald Rumsfeld|At the end of the day, teachers aren't going to mess about trying to make me into an Einstein, 'cause it was never gonna happen. We can't all be brainy, can we? That's just the way the world is.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|The false face had been handsome, yes, but consciously so. As though he was too aware of his own attractivensss, something she found distinctly unappealing.
Wendell Berry|Lies can be formed from truths, but truths cannot be formed from lies.
Robert Bruce Cormack|I can fly around the world in one night. I can wink and go up a chimney in a split second. I can be in 500 shopping malls on the same weekend. I can even fit enough gifts for the entire world into one tiny sleigh pulled by eight tiny reindeer, but I CANNOT FIX THIS CONFOUNDED COMPUTER!
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|Am I your dom, little rabbit?”“Yes.” Her red-brown brows drew together. “What’s wrong?”“Not a thing.” He gave her a faint smile, and his gravelly voice deepened. “I thought I’d tell you we’re getting married next month.”~Nolan and Beth~
N.K. Jemisin, The Obelisk Gate|If you're not learning how to live off the land, then you're only learning how to survive in the short-term. (During a conversation with someone in regards to surviving a zombie apocalypse, 2017)
John Calvin, Golden Booklet of the True Christian Life|The Lord commands us to do good unto all men without exception, though the majority are very undeserving when judged according to their own merits... [The Scripture] teaches us that we must not think of man's real value, but only of his creation in the image of God to which we owe all possible honor and love.
Kristen Bell|Do not suppose, however, that I intend to urge a diet of classics on anybody. I have seen such diets at work. I have known people who have actually read all, or almost all, the guaranteed Hundred Best Books. God save us from reading nothing but the best.
Allene van Oirschot, Daddy's Little Girl|Let Him pull you from the drowning waters of our world. He will wipe the tears from your pain; soothe the disappointments of tomorrow and comfort you from this cold, dark life. He will bring you everlasting Joy.
Alison Croggon, The Naming|The risk of all friendship is, alas, a little grief.
Eve Dangerfield, Locked Box|You are gonna get it now sweetheart," he grunted, seizing her nipples and massaging them roughly."Aw, what are you gonna do Max? Blow a load and get all sad about it afterwards?
Bret Easton Ellis|If you cannot read Shakespeare, or Melville, or Toni Morrison because it will trigger something traumatic in you, and you'll be harmed by the reading of the text because you are still defining yourself through your self-victimization, then you need to see a doctor.
Annie Besant|Since coming back from overseas, this is more of a foreign country than the places overseas. I don't understand it. It's like America has lost faith in rational thought.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Mistakes focus our minds on specific details. They weed out truths and afford us goals, bringing straight to our attention lessons to be learned. Mistakes are not meant to make us failures; they are meant to make us wise.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|You may think just a windowBut you overtook my soul.You are not just a whisper, You are louder than my soul. (from poem Chimera)
Katie Kiesler, 22 and Single: A Coming of Age Story...in Progress|Fool me once, shame on youfool me twice, shame on mefool me thrice, I'm gonna get the frying pan!
Freya North, Cat|When I say I'm going to forget you I know it's impossible to forget someone I once knew. What I want is to erase you from my thoughts and purge you from my memories. I'm saying it's what I wish for, not what is or could ever be.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|Sometimes I did feel like I came from a different tribe. I was not like my outgoing, ironic dad or my tough-chick mom. And as if to seal the deal, instead of learning to play electric guitar, I'd gone and chosen the cello.
Josephine Angelini, Starcrossed|I still don't understand what a sea god would be doing in Atlanta."Leo snorted. "What's a wine god doing in Kansas? Gods are weird.
Joan Jett|It's funny when people say, 'I don't think Julia likes me.' Honey, if I don't like you, you're going to know about it.
Joss Whedon|White bridal dresses stunning and pure, bringing promises, binding two souls together, life forces connected, holding the same vision.
Seneca|A fat man eating quails while children are begging for bread is a disgusting sight, but you are less likely to see it when you are within the sound of the guns.
Rob Wood|Assisted him? Dylan made the repairs. I only fell and hit my head, from what I can recall. Yes, I make excellent deadweight.
J.E. Bolton, Best Thing I Never Had|It takes two to tango, and if you dance too long, implosion is inevitable.
Carol Horton, Yoga Ph.D.: Integrating the Life of the Mind and the Wisdom of the Body|The physical vanity of the diet-and-exercise obsessive is recast as the pursuit of a kind of ritual purity, hedged about with taboos and guilt trips and mysticized by yoga.
Horodotus|Having sent gifts and messengers to the oracle at Delphi, the king of the Lydians sent this message: "[The king] asks you again now whether he shall march against the Persians, and if so, whether he shall join with himself any army of men as allies." The oracle replied that, "if he should march against the Persians he should destroy a great empire."Little did he know which empire he was to destroy. It was to be his own, of course, as Cyrus the Great was ascendant.Quotations from Herodotus' Histories.
Charmaine J Forde|Praise children when they do good, And if they should stumble or fall, Show them how to be humble,Show them how to stand tall
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|They ought not to have let things come to this," he said, but he was never very clear even to himself who or why "They" were nor what "This" was. Some person or persons unknown was to blame. He hated these unknowns in general. But he was unable to focus his hatred into hating some responsible person or persons in particular. If only he could find who it was had neglected to do something, or had done something wrong or messed about with things, they would catch it. He'd get even with them somehow.
Liberty Hyde Bailey|Many talk about a guest worker program. I think most reasonable people believe that a guest worker program in the farming industry, perhaps in the gardening and landscape industries, is reasonable.
Maurice Blanchot, Unavowable Community|The first six months are what I call the La La Land phase. This is what a lot of romantic novels, songs, and movies are based upon. Enjoy the courtship, nights out, and fun. You will eventually come back to reality.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Fate is shaped half by expectation, half by inattention.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Presence is the capacity to be present for another person with an open heart and to be grounded in our inner being. It is to be present for another person as a supporting light, as a supporting presence – and simply to be present with another person can help.
Krishna Sagar, Summit Your Everest: Your Coach for Obstacle & Failure Management|You are mostly treated by others, the way you deserve.
Kirstin Leigh|Don't let anyone or anything drown out that still small voice that says, "You were made for more.
Franz Bardon|Life is not a fairground, but a school. -- Franz Bardon
Mos Def|Beer is not a good cocktail-party drink, especially in a home where you don't know where the bathroom is.
Jonathan Schell|It appears that no one is so unfortunate that he or she is exempt from spending cuts, while at the same time no one is so fortunate as to be ineligible for a tax cut
John Corey Whaley, Highly Illogical Behavior|I began to imagine orchestration where before I heard only the cacophony of randomness. Crazy people do that all the time, unless you buy into the notion that we have the ability to perceive order and connotation in ways closed off to the minds of "sane" people. I don't. Subscribe to that notion, I mean. We are not gifted. We are not magical. We are slightly or profoundly broken.
Lin Yutang|Well let's face it, who on earth besides antique dealers and gay couples actually still give dinner parties?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The benefits often outweigh the suffering. Never concentrate on the pain, focus on the reward.
Samantha Shannon, The Mime Order|Christ," he said to the tiny reflection of himself that floated along the surface of his coffee,"You have become quite the maudlin sop, haven't you? Laughing softly, he rubbed a hand over his face. Step one on the road back to sanity, stop talking to yourself.
Keith Jarrett|When I was younger, many of my romantic escapades were just a means of simply avoiding being by myself. I was afraid of feeling lonely, afraid I wouldn't know what to say to myself.
Skadi Winter, Hexe|Everything we do and think has consequences and everything is connected by this web and has a meaning. When we touch the web on one side of the world, it ripples through it to the other - and so on.
Jonathan  Taylor, The Forgotten Mission: The Return #1|All those years of lurid magazine covers showing extremely nubile females being menaced in three distinct colors by assorted monstrosities; those horror movies, those invasion-from-outer-space novels, those Sunday supplement fright splashes—all those sturdy psychological ruts I had to re-track. Not to mention the shudders elicited by mention of 'worms,' the regulation distrust of even human "furriners,” the superstitious dread of creatures who had no visible place to park a soul.("Betelgeuse Bridge)
Lilliana Anderson, One More Thing|Grief was an ocean. We were sitting in the middle of it on makeshift life rafts, never knowing if we’d make it to shore.
Sunday Adelaja|Maggie was ten years younger than him. Being cross-cousins, they lived in the same compound, in the same two houses that still existed. When their parents told him to take her for his wife, there was nothing for him to think deep into the matter. They simply obeyed their parents. Accordingly, she came over to sleep in his house. In this, manner they remained as man and wife for a period of over thirty years.
Carter F. Smith, Gangs and the Military: Gangsters, Bikers, and Terrorists with Military Training|For a guy who wore layers upon layers of armor, his give-a-shit was showing.
Eve Evangelista, Create and Move Forward in Life|It's about time to see the downfall of the scorecards of who's right and who's wrong. At the end of the day, what's important is that you feel good.
Ezra Taft Benson|Pride kept her from confiding in the other girls, and caution kept her from confessing to the older women.
Usha Cosmico|The spirit, my love,is stronger than laughter,stronger than the hungry pantingof reckless lionsthat paw and shuffle underneath the canopy of bowed trees,stronger than the pace of a dying heart, that awaits to be pumped to life by episodes mothered by time,by hands of mankind,by slivers of hopehidden in the common mind.
Jean Lorrain|There is a point where, as a writer, you grow to hate your characters, their stupid motivations, and their whiny inner dialogues. The only solution I have found to deal with that is to kill the character, resurrect him, then kill him again.
China Miéville|Loads of children read books about dinosaurs, underwater monsters, dragons, witches, aliens, and robots. Essentially, the people who read SF, fantasy and horror haven't grown out of enjoying the strange and weird.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Renewal of mind, revival of spirit.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|And we've read scary books and watched scary movies and TV shows together. He's met monsters, ghouls, and demons on the page and on the screen. There's nothing like watching Anaconda with your best friend or lying in bed next to your mother reading Roald Dahl, because that way you get to explore dark stuff safely. You get to laugh with it, to step out on the vampire's dance floor and take him for a spin, and then step back into your life. When you make friends with fear, it can't rule you.
Guy de Maupassant|Courtship is to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
Ada Limon, Bright Dead Things|There are so many people who’ve come before us,arrows and wagon wheels, obsidian tools, buffalo.Look out at the meadow, you can almost see them,generations dissolved in the bluegrass and hay.I want to try and be terrific. Even for an hour.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Who am I, for God's sake, that I should be kind!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I’ve come to realize the power of reflection, the kind that comes only from contemplation. Synchronizing ourselves with the awe-inspiring environment around us is indeed a tremendous feat that, at some point or another, we must all undergo, alone yet together.
Melanie Gideon, Wife 22|When I'm in pain I want everyone I love on the island with me, sitting around the fire, getting drunk on coconut milk, banging out a plan.
Candis Terry, Sweetest Mistake|Her heart sprang up into her throat.Watching that shadow play was like paying a quarter for a peep show. Only she got it for free.He thinks I'm pretty.Butterflies did a dance around her heart before she could swat them away.Behind the shade. his shadow unbuttoned those soft, worn, butt-hugging jeans and slid them down his lean hips. Charli sucked in a big gulp of air, then headed back to the veranda and her glass of wine.With all the estrogen doing a conga line through her blood, she needed a drink.Well, she really needed something else.But she'd settle for a drink.
Courtney Milan, The Governess Affair|You could make me say it again," he whispered. "Make me say it always. Make me say it so often that you never have cause to doubt. I love you.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|When selecting a one-night stand, a heterosexual woman who is materialistic is a trillion times more likely to choose a sexually unattractive poor man who seems rich over a sexually attractive rich man who seems poor.
Lawrence Durrell, Spirit of Place: Mediterranean Writings edited by A.G.Thomas|It is a pity indeed to travel and not get this essential sense of landscape values. You do not need a sixth sense for it. It is there if you just close your eyes and breathe softly through your nose; you will hear the whispered message, for all landscapes ask the same question in the same whisper. 'I am watching you -- are you watching yourself in me?' Most travelers hurry too much...the great thing is to try and travel with the eyes of the spirit wide open, and not to much factual information. To tune in, without reverence, idly -- but with real inward attention. It is to be had for the feeling...you can extract the essence of a place once you know how. If you just get as still as a needle, you'll be there.
Mitchell Baker|Kellyanne is the first female campaign manager of any major party to win a presidential general election. In her position, Kellyanne will continue her role as a close adviser to the president-elect and will work with senior leadership to effectively message and execute the administration's legislative priorities and actions.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|The most diplomatic statement you can use for the person you hate:"If I would have water, and you would be on fire,...I would drink IT.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|In the midst of happiness or despairin sorrow or in joyin pleasure or in pain:Do what is right and you will be at peace.In life there is no greater gift than peace,except love.May you always have love.
Sydney Marie Hughes|Do not think me a maiden who needs saving from a dragon. I am the dragon, and I will set the world aflame.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, Breakfast in the temple|The greatest gift we have ever received, and ever will or could receive, is the Spirit of God Himself. He enters the essence of our human form and changes us from within. He fills us with joy, love and peace. He subdues our passions and transforms our very being into the likeness of Christ.
Siri Hustvedt|For me, not owning a car means I may spend a little extra time on public transportation, but I can use that time to read, catch up on work projects, and make the phone calls I couldn't get to earlier. Plus, I never waste time at the mechanics or gas station.
Michael Moore|When they set off for their first day at their new school, I will never forget that winter morning as I watched our girls, just 7 and 10 years old, pile into those black SUVs with all those big men with guns.
James Rozoff|There is no greater thing than to be oneself, and it is never too late to do so.
B.A. Gabrielle|Fall is the season of beauty and delicious food. Be grateful for the change of scenery, and try observing it to get more book ideas.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We are so fascinated by the complexity and beauty of the various forms in nature, that we have been led away from the formless dimension of Consciousness that lies at our very center. When you look at a person, you see many differences in their unique form, and often we compare, contrast, and judge one another because of the forms that we inhabit. But if you look beyond the various qualities and characteristics of form, and look another person in the eyes, you see a Being, and it is this Being that lies beneath the surface of form that connects us all. That is why the eyes are often referred to as the gateway to the soul, because they allow us to see and feel the presence of another Being, and realize our oneness.
J. Matthew Nespoli|Angels and demons are shaped by humans. Even god is shaped by humanity. Who you are has been codified by the humans around you… family, friends, and even enemies.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we come near the light, all the darkness around us, shall disappears.
Pope Paul VI|With the proper motivation, you can do anything. I was just a poor kid that ate pork and beans out of a can and apple sauce. I went from rags to riches. But it does take a lot of determination, inner strength, drive, and discipline.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow Puppets|Of course, he didn't know anything about these Indonesians, or why they would have been there at this moment to save his life, but the fact that they had guns and weren't firing them at him implied that for the moment, at least, they were his dearest friends.
Aniket More, Zero Hour Melancholy|Only men with intelligence, confidence and absolutely no empathy at all can progress upstairs.
Rajat Mishra, Can I Have a Chocolate Milkshake?|I wanted to continue the course, continue on what "we" had, and wanted life to be the same. However, the Titanic had hit the iceberg, the "done" couldn’t be changed now.
Geoffrey Thorne|Here's a thought. You answer what I ask and I keep not killing you." - Antiope Flint - DREAMNASIUM
David L. Lloyd|Haven’t you seen and heard that every word I seed for you is a feeling, and every thought I bloom bears a meaning? Rivers of words, blending together for the same course, the action of my being: my universe, your beauty.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|The military operation swiftly became one of disaster management and damage control, search and rescue.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When surrounded by the ashes of all that I once cherished, despite my best efforts I can find no room to be thankful. But standing there amidst endless ash I must remember that although the ashes surround me, God surrounds the ashes. And once that realization settles upon me, I am what I thought I could never be ... I am thankful for ashes.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Sister of My Heart|It will hurt and when it does, it will hurt so bad.
Sara Nović, Girl at War|You cannot legislate language. Prohibition never worked, right? Not for booze and not for sex and not for words.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When I remove the layers that say I can't, I discover a burning ember that says I should, I can, and I will.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|When they told him this, Ransom at last understood why mythology was what it was -- gleams of celestial strength and beauty falling on a jungle of filth and imbecility.
Alice Hoffman, Property Of|Endless dreams are forever waiting, whereas success is, and does.
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|If anyone has made you feel invisible or less-than, write a new narrative on your heart.
Hélène Cixous|There are other ways than conventional doors to get around my house, Ms Rainn.
Naomi Klein, No Is Not Enough: Resisting Trump’s Shock Politics and Winning the World We Need|One of the most beautifully disturbing questions we can ask, is whether a given story we tell about our lives is actually true, and whether the opinions we go over every day have any foundation or are things we repeat to ourselves simply so that we will continue to play the game. It can be quite disorienting to find that a story we have relied on is not only not true - it actually never was true. Not now not ever. There is another form of obsolescence that can fray at the cocoon we have spun about ourselves, that is, the story was true at one time, and for an extended period; the story was even true and good to us, but now it is no longer true and no longer of any benefit, in fact our continued retelling of it simply imprisons us. We are used to the prison however, we have indeed fitted cushions and armchairs and made it comfortable and we have locked the door from the inside.The imprisoning story I identified by the time the entree was served was one I had told myself for a long time. “In order to write I need peace and quiet and an undisturbed place far from others or the possibility of being disturbed. I knew however, that if I wanted to enter the next creative stage, something had to change; I simply did not have enough free space between traveling, speaking and being a good father and husband to write what I wanted to write. The key in the lock turned surprisingly easy, I simply said to myself, “What if I acted as if it wasn’t true any more, what if it had been true at one time, but now at this stage in the apprenticeship I didn’t need that kind of insulation anymore, what if I could write anywhere and at any time?” One of the interesting mercies of this kind of questioning is that it is hard to lose by asking: if the story is still true, we will soon find out and can go back to telling it. If it is not we have turned the key, worked the hinges and walked out into the clear air again with a simple swing of the door.
David Kinnaman, unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters|Beginning to sense his call to preach boldly in dangerous situations even though he was young and slight, the author agreed to go only if God would give him a particular sense of His presence. The next morning, the author says it was as if God took out his human eyes and replaced them with God's own because he saw other people so much more vividly.
Primo Levi, The Drowned and the Saved|If we had to and were able to suffer the sufferings of everyone, we could not live.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Unless you accept anyone to be your boss, no man can be your boss!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be practical,be skillful,be teachable,and you will be successful.
Michelle Frost, Wisdoms of the Light|This time he had no choice but to look into her eyes. He did not look away. It was the bright fierce gaze that she remembered so vividly from their first meeting. He’d reminded her of an eagle, the Castellan of Amyth
Jon Ronson|People have criticized me for seeming to step out of my professional role to become undignifiedly political. I'd say it was belated realization that day care, good schools, health insurance, and nuclear disarmament are even more important aspects of pediatrics than measles vaccine or vitamin D.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|My dear, you never will understand time, will you? You're always trying to be the things you were, instead of the person you are tonight. Why do you save those ticket stubs and theater programs? They'll only hurt you later. Throw them away, my dear.
Shari J. Ryan, Schasm|How long has it been since I entered this blackness? Has it been days, months, or years? I’m stuck here with my mind, my thoughts, my memories, and my nightmares.
Gerald  Mills|Let's be honest: women are still only really valued for two things--their looks and their role as mothers. I'm not beautiful, and I can't have kids, so what does that make me? Worthless.
Sam Harris|The problem with religion, because it's been sheltered from criticism, is that it allows people to believe en masse what only idiots or lunatics could believe in isolation.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|Without darkness, we may never know how bright the stars shine. Without battles, we could not know what victory feels like. Without adversity, we may never appreciate the abundance in our lives. Be thankful, not only for the easy times, but for every experience that has made you who you are.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|Forgive me for stating the obvious, but the world is made up of all kinds of people. Other people have their own value to live by, and the same holds true with me.
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|The tears of Christ are the pity of God. The gentleness of Jesus is the long-suffering of God. The tenderness of Jesus is the love of God. "He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father.
John H. Lienhard, The Engines of Our Ingenuity: An Engineer Looks at Technology and Culture|If what we learn is no more than what we expect to learn, then we have learned nothing at all.
Arthur C. Clarke|One thing seems certain. Our galaxy is now in the brief springtime of its life—a springtime made glorious by such brilliant blue-white stars as Vega and Sirius, and, on a more humble scale, our own Sun. Not until all these have flamed through their incandescent youth, in a few fleeting billions of years, will the real history of the universe begin.It will be a history illuminated only by the reds and infrareds of dully glowing stars that would be almost invisible to our eyes; yet the sombre hues of that all-but-eternal universe may be full of colour and beauty to whatever strange beings have adapted to it. They will know that before them lie, not the millions of years in which we measure eras of geology, nor the billions of years which span the past lives of the stars, but years to be counted literally in the trillions.They will have time enough, in those endless aeons, to attempt all things, and to gather all knowledge. They will be like gods, because no gods imagined by our minds have ever possessed the powers they will command. But for all that, they may envy us, basking in the bright afterglow of creation; for we knew the universe when it was young.
Shannon L. Alder|You will never be able to end any battle if the people involved are unable to see their own hypocrisy, or how their insecurity contributed to their problems. Wounded people often choose to play the victim, so they can restore their dignity in unhealthy ways. Sadly, they do this through feeling justified, by making bad choices or actions (that honestly no diety would want them to do). This inability to accept their part in their unhappiness keeps them from growing. They need your prayers more than your anger. Just walk away. Let it go and pray that one day they will understand your pain, as much as you do theirs. Remember: The sexiest woman alive is one that can walk away from a place that God doesn't want them to be. Do so with your head held high and forgive yourself and others. When you can do this, you will know what God's definition of class is-- YOU!
Mary Balogh, Then Comes Seduction|It was now twenty minutes past four in the morning, allowing for the fact that the clock in the library of his town house was four minutes slow, as it had been for as far back as he could remember.He eyed it with a frown of concentration. Now that he came to think about it, he must have it set right one of these days.Why should a clock be forced to go throught its entire existence four minutes behind the rest of the world? It was not logical.The trouble was though, that if the clock were suddenly right, he would be forever confused and arriving four minutes early -- or did he mena late? -- for meals and various other appointments. That would agitate his servants and cause consternation in the kitchen.It was probably better to leave the clock as it was.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|Oh, London is a man's town, there's power in the air;And Paris is a woman's town, with flowers in her hair;And it's sweet to dream in Venice, and it's great to study Rome;But when it comes to living, there is no place like home.
Imelda Marcos|'The Means' is about power. I have access to political insiders who helped me write a portrait of the real day-to-day in politics, which turned out to be crazier than Wall Street.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|This plague... This curse... I have an idea where it came from. I don't think it's from any spell or virus or nuclear rays. I think it's from a deeper place. I think we brought it here. I think we crushed ourselves down over the centuries. Buried ourselves under greed and hate and whatever other sins we could find until our souls finally hit the rock bottom of the universe. And then they scraped a hole through it, into some... dark place. We released it. We poked through the seabed and the oil erupted, painted us black, pulled our inner sickness out for everyone to see. Now here we are in this dry corpse of a world, rotting on our feet till there's nothing left but bones and the buzz of flies.
Warsan Shire|Don't assume, ask. Be kind. Tell the truth. Don't say anything you can't stand behind fully. Have integrity. Tell people how you feel.
Donna Lynn Hope|What have I to prove, and to whom, and why? I'm keen enough to want nothing more than to live a simple, humble, unfettered life.
Sunny Menon|We look at other people's lives, & we see what looks like a beautiful, adventurous, wonderful or tragic life. But so seldom do we see or even understand that what we see isn't their lives. Especially nowadays with news feeds, & statuses, we see only the surface, with not hint at the inner workings.To me, it's like a movie. We see the culmination of ones efforts, work, hardships, difficulties, progress, & pains. On a big screen that is life, but so rare & seldom, do we every acknowledge nor see the directorial point of view. The metaphorical behind the screens.So while we view others lives with a romantic envy, sweet longing, disheartened sympathy, or joyous reverence. We are so oblivious to the fact that their lives take the same trials, hardships, wonders, difficulties, & joys as we, it's merely manifested in a different on screen production. My longing, is to see that which is off screen. The inner workings, mundane & trivial, as well as the intense & breathtaking because without it, the picture it culminated in would not be.If we only take things at face value, we'll miss the wonders of the inner working. That which lies beyond sight, hidden away within. While it is what appears without that we all see, that which lies within makes what we see make sense.And it's in understanding someone's life & situation, that you can come to value their life & them.
Ellen Hopkins, Triangles|How far we claim to have come - accepting all men as created equal. Gender being the requisite qualifier, as women are not reviewed in the same fashion - their fashion hopefully better suited to the bedroom than the boardroom. And, you know, homosexuals not really being 'men,' cannot be judged equivalent to their stiffer-wristed brethren. On religion, well, some Christians are willing to make room for a Jew or two in their inner circles. But Mecca-facing prayer must be met with flaming crosses. Close your eyes to the details, the big picture can still be viewed through rose-colored glass. But go any distance beyond the rhetoric, truth becomes a shadowed lens.
John McAfee|A person's current personality of love, hatred, jealousy, rage or a murderous intent and so on is formed upon genetic elements, education, the environment and a family a person grows in.
Tuhin A. Sinha, The Edge of Desire|There is no abstract Evil; you have to understand that! Its roots are here, all around us, in this herd that goes on chewing and having a good time only an hour after a murder! That's what you have to fight for. For people. Evil is a hydra with many heads, and the more of them you cut off, the more it grows! Hydras have to be starved to death, do you understand that? Kill a hundred Dark Ones, and a thousand more will take their place.
Rachel Maddow, Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power|When we're not following God's will, our sacrifices aren't acceptable to Him. What God wants most is for us to be broken before Him, walk with Him, know Him, and obey Him.
Evette Davis, Woman King|As far as I'm concerned, you're changing the fate of another human being. Maybe he isn't meant to be elected to office. Maybe humans deserve to live with electing the wrong person.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Compassion makes you strong, caring and creative. It creates a different attitude, a level of maturity and understanding, where you do something which makes you stand out of crowd.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|By not letting me turn you into something you're not, you've helped me be more of myself.
Brenna Yovanoff, Paper Valentine|It was an earthshattering kiss, one that stole breaths, stopped hearts, and scared the shit out of me because it surfaced feelings I’d never felt before, ones that rendered me helpless.
Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead|My method is based on female psychology, so it works regardless of your looks or money
John L. Lewis|It's a question of whether we're going to go forward into the future, or past to the back.
Bob Graham|The Germans certainly - the intelligence service believed that there were WMD. It turns out that we were all wrong, probably in my judgment, and that is most disturbing.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I was not religious, but I liked rituals. I liked the idea of connecting an action with remembering.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|Every person just has a unique combination of common problems. If we accept this, we can work together to fix ourselves.
Arkady Strugatsky|By focusing on the interior of a speaker's larynx and using infrared, he was able to convert the visible vibrations of the vocal cords into sound of fair quality, but that did not satisfy him. He worked for a while on vibrations picked up from panes of glass in windows and on framed pictures, and he experimented briefly with the diaphragms in speaker systems, intercoms and telephones. He kept on into October without stopping, and finally achieved a device that would give tinny but recognizable sound from any vibrating surface - a wall, a floor, even the speaker's own cheek or forehead.
Phil Volatile, White Wedding Lies, and Discontent: An American Love Story|Using excuses for the predicament you're in and minimizing your situation, whether it is drug or alcohol use, is a sure sign of an addict.
Jeffrey Tambor|I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me.
Dorothy Canfield Fisher|As Melissa got closer, the taste of school began to foul her mouth.
Terry Pratchett|It was a quiet taunt...a poisoned glass of wine, meant to intoxicate and exsanguinate.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|She likes us,” said Umbo. “I know, I could feel it too,” said Rigg. “She’s really glad to have us here. I think she loves us like her own children.” “Whom she murdered and cut up into the stew.” “They were delicious.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.
Nita Ambani|Football is an incredible game. Sometimes it's so incredible, it's unbelievable.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Everybody wants to cut off the limb to to deal with the problem. You can’t just keep cutting off limbs and destroying fruit. We have to become committed enough to examine the root. The root of the problem in our community, in our country is a systematic problem. And until all who are a part of the problem admit their role in the problem, we will never have a holistic solution.
Omar Khayyám|How much more of the mosque, of prayer and fasting?Better go drunk and begging round the taverns.Khayyam, drink wine, for soon this clay of yoursWill make a cup, bowl, one day a jar.When once you hear the roses are in bloom,Then is the time, my love, to pour the wine;Houris and palaces and Heaven and Hell-These are but fairy-tales, forget them all.
Jonathan Kozol|I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something.
Ford Madox Ford, Parade's End|Yes, a war is inevitable. Firstly, there's you fellows who can't be trusted. And then there's the multitude who mean to have bathrooms and white enamel. Millions of them; all over the world. Not merely here. And there aren't enough bathrooms and white enamel in the world to go round.
Kevin Powers, The Yellow Birds|Zahara roared and threw herself at him, smacking Bryan back against the ground and swinging a right hook into his nose. She exclaimed in triumph as her fist connected with his face, hoping it hurt his nose as bad as the punch hurt her knuckles. Zahara’s triumphant smile turned into a yelp of pain as Bryan knocked her onto her back and rolled her onto her stomach, twisted her arms behind her, and locked them in place with a grip strong enough to bend steel.
Dennis Hopper|In a world where the dead have returned to life, the word" trouble' loses much of its meaning.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|We can't change the world by shouting, but our words can have meaning if we give them enough respect.
Vincent van Gogh|Many people seem to think it foolish, even superstitious, to believe that the world could still change for the better. And it is true that in winter it is sometimes so bitingly cold that one is tempted to say, ‘What do I care if there is a summer; its warmth is no help to me now.’ Yes, evil often seems to surpass good. But then, in spite of us, and without our permission, there comes at last an end to the bitter frosts. One morning the wind turns, and there is a thaw. And so I must still have hope.
A.T. Baron|An idea weighs nothing, except on the mind.
James Surowiecki|What Olympians eat can vary tremendously depending not only on the events they're competing in, but also their body type and lifestyle outside the Olympic arena. Their diets are affected not only by the demands of their sports, but by everything else in their lives, things that are almost impossible to accurately measure and factor in.
Margaret Mallory, Captured by a Laird|Loyalty is everything to him,” Robbie said. “He expected ye to trust him, to believe in him, without requiring an explanation.” She had failed David, and he could not forgive her.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|I truly do not know, and that unnameable feeling that comes with not knowing: it must be worse than grief. It must.
Miguel de Unamuno|It is not usually our ideas that make us optimists or pessimists, but it is our optimism or pessimism that makes our ideas.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|Everyone around me was allowed, permitted to fall apart; yet I had to think twice. I couldn't bear to take another dip into an ocean of solitude for another taste of ostracization. I felt I would die.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|The fact that you can act with love even when you don’t feel love is very empowering. Why? Because whereas the feelings of love are fleeting and largely out of your control, you can take the actions of love anytime and anyplace for the whole rest of your life.
Elizabeth Cadell, The Fox From His Lair|If you don't have a headache by the end of this class, I'm not doing my job.
Christine Sneed, Paris, He Said|There are so many ways of classifying our tendencies, but I think one of the most telling must be this: there are those of us who do not wrestle very often or for very long with our appetites, who can simply say, Enough, and walk away, and those of us who are constantly at odds with how much we desire and what we actually allow ourselves. The gay between desire and restraint: here rages the river of discontent, one that often threatens to overflow its banks.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, The Seven Deadly Sins|Here and there on earth there is probably a kind of continuation of love; in which this greedy desire of two people for each other gives way to a new desire and greed, a shared higher thirst for an ideal above them. But who knows such love? who has experienced it? Its true name is friendship
Carrie Vaughn, Kitty and the Midnight Hour|I'm a werewolf trapped in a human body.""Well, yeah, that's kind of the definition.""No, really. I'm trapped.""Oh? When was the last time you shape-shifted?""That's just it - I've never shape-shifted.""So you're not really a werewolf.""Not yet. But I was meant to be one, I just know it. How do I get a werewolf to attack me?"Stand in the middle of a forest under a full moon with a raw steak tied to your face, holding a sign that says, 'Eat me; I'm stupid'?
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Knight|Feathers layered like dragons’ scales,their symmetry perfectly fledged,framing slender shoulders; sublime.A tumble of red tresses shimmer.Soft wings arch toward the sky.Once a cherub, she has grown.A young woman now, strong and lithe.Powerful with stormy eyes alight,windswept in her glory.An angel in body and spirit.- Winged Justice
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...is worship too strong a word? yes, I worship you - to worship is to give worth to something – isn’t that what love is all about?...
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|You're asking yourself if you will ever get over it. - I don't believe we ever do. Getting over something implies you floated on past the pain, blew kisses, and waved goodbye while leaping to freedom. I've never been able to jump after having the contents of my heart scattered and sewn over fields that will produce memory-laden blooms. The thing is... you get through it. But the seeds have been planted. Those memories grow. And every morning I still hear: 'He loved me. He loved me not.
Tom Jubert / Jonas Kyratzes|You know,' he said, the condition of sourness--or monstrousness, as you might call it--doesn't have to be permanent.'P189
Stephanie Lennox, The Authorship Program|The sooner you finish procrastinating, the sooner you can get back to your art.
J.D. Robb, Salvation in Death|Yes, she's bleeding to death upstairs, but I thought I'd avoid telling you right away, because I like to draw the suspense out.
Caprice Crane, Confessions of a Hater|Picture the person who intimidates you most. Now picture them crouched like a dog, pooping on the sidewalk, looking up at you, all vulnerable. We all poop. Maybe not on the sidewalk, but nobody is better than you and don't let them think they are for a minute.
Thomas Sowell|Ask him about the cemeteries, Dean!"In 1966 upon being told that President Charles DeGaulle had taken France out of NATO and that all U.S. troops must be evacuated off of French soil President Lyndon Johnson mentioned to Secretary of State Dean Rusk that he should ask DeGaulle about the Americans buried in France. Dean implied in his answer that that DeGaulle should not really be asked that in the meeting at which point President Johnson then told Secretary of State Dean Rusk:"Ask him about the cemeteries Dean!"That made it into a Presidential Order so he had to ask President DeGaulle.So at end of the meeting Dean did ask DeGaulle if his order to remove all U.S. troops from French soil also included the 60,000+ soldiers buried in France from World War I and World War II.DeGaulle, embarrassed, got up and left and never answered.
Edward Lee Thorndike, The Principles of Teaching: Based on Psychology|Of course present knowledge of psychology is nearer to zero than to complete perfection, and its applications to teaching must therefore be often incomplete, indefinite, and insecure. The application of psychology to teaching is more like that of botany and chemistry to farming than like that of physiology and pathology to medicine. Anyone of good sense can farm fairly well without science, and anyone of good sense can teach fairly well without knowing and applying psychology. Still, as the farmer with the knowledge of the applications of botany and chemistry to farming is, other things being equal, more successful than the farmer without it, so the teacher will, other things being equal, be the more successful who can apply psychology, the science of human nature, to the problems of the school. (pp. 9-10)
Gerald Edelman|Let us embrace Science and the new technologies unfettered, for it is these which will liberate mankind from the myth of god, and free us from our age old fears, from disease, death and the sweat of labor.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|Ella finds this story inside herself: A woman, loved by a man who criticizes her throughout their long relationship for being unfaithful to him and for longing for the social life which his jealousy bars her from and for being ‘a career woman’. This woman who, throughout the five years of their affair in fact never looks at another man, never goes out, and neglects her career becomes everything he has criticized her for being at that moment when he drops her. She becomes promiscuous, lives only for parties and is ruthless about her career, sacrificing her men and her friends for it. The point of the story is that this new personality has been created by him; and that everything she does — sexual acts, acts of betrayal for the sake of her career, etc., are with the revengeful thought: There, that’s what you wanted, that’s what you wanted me to be. And, meeting this man again after an interval, when her new personality is firmly established, he falls in love with her again. This is what he always wanted her to be; and the reason why he left her was in fact because she was quiet, compliant and faithful. But now, when he falls in love with her again, she rejects him and in bitter contempt: what she is now is not what she ‘really’ is. He has rejected her ‘real’ self. He has betrayed a real love and now loves a counterfeit. When she rejects him, she is preserving her real self, whom he has betrayed and rejected.Ella does not write this story. She is afraid that writing it might make it come true.
Anne Wojcicki|There were evictions that I saw that I know I'll never forget. In one case, the sheriff and the movers came up on a house full of children. The mom had passed away, and the children had just gone on living there. And the sheriff executed the eviction order - moved the kids' stuff out on the street on a cold, rainy day.
Michael Steele|I fell in love with the topic of leadership. For three decades, that has been a major focus of my hands-on work: listening to and working with leaders, their teams and their organizations.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bites|I glanced at Derek. The boy wonder didn't melt into a pile of goo, although his gaze was glued to Rowena's chest. Avoiding eye contact. Good strategy.
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|She was sitting in a dark room, curled up and her head buried on her knees. His name echoing in her mind, like a thunder over a seashore. She was torn between the happiness brought by the waves, that touched her feet and fear of losing herself in the chaos. created by the sound that shattered her whole world into pieces.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Farmer Boy|There was no time to lose, no time to waste in rest or play. The life of the earth comes up with a rush in the springtime.
Maryanne Wolf|You play the hand you’re dealt. You play it without false hope or despair, without comparing other people’s hand, or questioning why you’ve got this hand, you just play it, as best you can, today, and the next day, and the day after that.
Enrico Fermi|I hate stupidity, but what I hate even more is when people actually brag about it.
Jon Stewart|I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way. I invited everyone in my neighborhood to my house, we had an enormous feast, and then I killed them and took their land.
Richelle E. Goodrich|One of the most troubling facts I have had to accept is that people are not all angel or all devil. They are both good and awful to varying degrees and in varying circumstances. On any given day, dependent upon the situation, you will be confronted by either the devil of a person or the angel of the same person or a curious mix of both. This means you can, and most likely will, love and hate the same individual alternately throughout your life. This truth I find painfully heartbreaking.
Tim Minchin|We all love each other, Ange," I said impatiently, hating this whole conversation. "No, not like this," she went on relentlessly. "Fang loves you."......My mouth dropped open. How does she know this stuff? "Forget it! No one's getting married!" I hissed. "Not in New Hampshire or anywhere else! Not in a box, not with a fox! Now go to sleep, before I kill you! Oh yeah, like I got any sleep after that. - pg 35
Abria Mattina, Wake|You know, you’re kind of a badass.” “Please, if I had balls they’d be bigger than yours.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Posture and Social Status...During the 18th century in European and American society, aspects including station in life, status and dress could easily identify those of financial means. In fact, the garments of this era would hold the wearer in a position that would support and require proper posture. Women, and sometimes men, wore stays in order to shape the torso. Among the more privileged, even children wore stays since people believed these improved their posture and enhanced straight spinal growth. Certain movements were constrained by the cut and design of many garments, including details of the sleeve and back that would hold the person in proper posture.
John L. Phillips|Space station is, it really is one of the more, if not the most, impressive technological achievement of the modern day, not only in what we've accomplished engineering-wise but what we've accomplished on this international scale, because anybody will tell you that half the challenge is making it all work.
Jayne Castel, Night Shadows|Things don't happen for a reason, we make reasons out of things that happen.
Amanda Gier|A friend is someone, who upon seeing another friend in immense pain, would rather be the one experiencing the pain than to have to watch their friend suffer.
Woody Allen|If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
Robert Kennedy|Communism everywhere has paid the price of rigidity and dogmatism. Freedom has the strength of compassion and flexibility. It has, above all, the strength of intellectual honesty.
|If you can't find good friends to surround yourself with, then by all means be on your own. Bad friends corrupt good minds.
Prabuj|Call bitch a bitch , no fucking reasons
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|Our lives are so important to us that we tend to think the story of them begins with our birth. First there was nothing, then I was born...Yet that is not so. Human lives are not pieces of string that can be separated out from a knot of others and laid out straight. Families are webs. Impossible to touch one part of it without setting the rest vibrating. Impossible to understand one part without having a sense of the whole. - Vida Winter
Megan McKenna, And Morning Came: Scriptures of the Resurrection|Love, its power and authority, always gets there first, comes to believe first, and always waits for the others, especially the leaders, to catch up! This is the reality of what happened among the disciples and the community of the Beloved Disciple, John, and those closest to Jesus, called His friends. They mature and develop differently from other disciples, and the community of the Church has to struggle with the fact that the last one anyone thought would be the leader was the one who betrayed Him and contributed to the dissolution of the disciples when Jesus was arrested and crucified.
Barbara Tuchman|The only sure bulwark of continuing liberty is a government strong enough to protect the interests of the people, and a people strong enough and well enough informed to maintain its sovereign control over the goverment.
Queen Latifah|As a result of 50 years of emancipation, feminine qualities were dying out or being transferred to the males. Pansies of both sexes were everywhere, not yet completely homosexual, but confused not knowing what they were. The result was a herd of unhappy sexual misfits... the women wanting to dominate and the men to be nannied.
Ari Joseph|Life is a stage, that we all have to go through!
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The physical universe was a language with a perfectly ambiguous grammar. Every physical event was an utterance that could be parsed in two entirely different ways, one casual and the other teleological, both valid, neither one disqualifiable no matter how much context was available.
Scotty McCreery|It's more like Christmas, you know, when you get a shot in that looks great and it's exactly what you want. It's a great feeling, and there's nothing like it.
Anthony Liccione|Learn tricks from others, Become a trickster
Amit Abraham|Fear only one person that is God, listen to only one voice that is your conscience”.
Anna Kessel, Eat Sweat Play: How Sport Can Change Our Lives|I think too often we forget that girls can like sport; we are not biologically programmed to detest it, we are - in the main - conditioned against it. But shouldn’t we try to change that?
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Velvet|Even tied up, he was stronger and more commanding than any man she'd ever met.
A. Zavarelli, Stutter|I think I know what will help you chill.”The way his eyes devoured me hinted I shouldn’t take the bait, but I did anyhow. “And what would that be?”Noah pressed his body into mine, pushing me against the lockers. “Kissing.”I held my books close to my chest and fought the urge to drop them and pull him close. But that would only encourage his behavior, and good God, bring on his fantastic kissing. Fantastic or not, kissing in public would definitely mean detention and a tardy slip.I ducked underneath his arm and breathed in fresh air, welcoming any scent that didn’t remind me of him. Noah caught up to me, slowing his pace to mine.“You know, you may have never noticed, but we have calculus together,” he said. “You could have waited for me.”“And give you the chance to drag me into the janitor’s closet?
Eknath Easwaran, The End of Sorrow|I had a plan of action that I was going to run by Will.  He could run it up the flagpole, but I wasn’t asking permission.  My mind was made up.  I was going to The Confessional tonight too.  If she wanted atonement, I’d be happy to give it to her.
Émile Zola, Paris|What of your sins, Rogue? If the hero encountered you today, would he spare you a date with his sword?
David W. Earle|Mature adults gravitate toward new values and understandings, not just rehashing and blind acceptance of past patterns and previous learning. This is an ongoing process and maturity demands lifelong learners.
Jason Fried|Who care's what other people think? If you are happy with yourself, you will get by just fine with them.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Complete Poems|In Xanadu did Kubla KhanA stately pleasure-dome decree:Where Alph, the sacred river, ranThrough caverns measureless to man Down to a sunless sea.
Seann William Scott|We didn't travel much when I was little - most of what we did was visit various campsites around Conway, north Wales. My first major holiday abroad was to Ibiza with my parents when I was five. I vividly remember the plane touching down and that the hotel had great swings with lots of little lizards darting about that I was determined to catch.
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|Every action has a reaction,everything we do or say has an effect.
Stephen King, The Shining|Great revelations of nature, of course, never fail to impress in one way or another, and I was no stranger to moods of the kind. Mountains overawe and oceans terrify, while the mystery of great forests exercises a spell peculiarly its own. But all these, at one point or another, somewhere link on intimately with human life and human experience. They stir comprehensible, even if alarming, emotions. They tend on the whole to exalt.
Caroline Mitchell, Don't Turn Around|Soon he would be able to touch her, to feel the warmth of her blood. When the time came, nothing would stop him.
Amy Chua|I'm home schooled, and I have a teacher that goes with me on all my movies.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|Thats called hypocrisy, you shuck face piece of -!
Olumide Lawrence|If you think you are easily irritated by people, guess what? You irritate other people easily too!
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|This isn't the hand of some swooning princess who sits tatting lace and waiting for some prince to save her. This is the hand of a woman who would climb a rope of her own hair to freedom, or kill a captor ogre in his sleep. And this is the hand of a woman who would have made it through the fire on her own if I hadn't been there. Singed perhaps, but safe.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Swing ten times,and you may hit once.Swing a hundred times,and you may hit ten times.Swing a thousand times,and you may hit a hundred times.Swing a thousand times,and you may hit a thousand times.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|...I always feel like a better person when I'm on the water.” The air smelled cleaner here. The water seemed purer. She wanted to strip off her clothes and dive off the side of the boat and let the water baptize her a free woman. “The ocean is big”, Ty said. “And we aren't. It's good to be humbled every now and then.” “You ever go through a divorce?” she asked. “Not yet.” “Trust me, I know from humble.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Though you see nothing, he is acting.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You keep your followers confused when you begin very well and give up too early... Suspense is useful in movies, but useless when writing your success stories!
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|I like you, Mallory. And God knows you deserve a hell of a lot better than me.” He dipped his chin, laughing as he thrust his hand through his hair. “God. I suck at this. Can we just forget—”I snapped out of it. “You like me?”His gaze flew to mine. “Yeah, I do. And I know I’ve been with Paige and I’m not going to pretend that meant nothing, but it’s not how I feel for you. Not remotely like how I feel for you. And it’s not because of our past—because of you and I knowing each other for so long,” he said, and the words kept coming out in a rush. “At first, I thought that was why—this attraction I have to you. I thought it was because of everything we’d shared. And then the night I came to your place and you fixed me up, I thought it was just this physical thing.” Pink raced across his cheeks. “And it is most definitely a physical thing, but it wasn’t just that. I think part of me knew that from the very first time you said my name.”Now my pulse was pounding. He liked-liked me. Oh my God, this was unexpected. This was totally unplanned. It was an infinite, vast sea of un
Geoffrey Wood|The trick here is, while the actual pleasure begins to recede and blur, we simultaneously bring the imagined pleasure more fully into focus. And when we do, even the memory of the pleasure becomes more and more heightened and imagined, thus anticipation is increased. This kind of anticipation is the spiritual equivalent of a Cheeto and we want them to eat the whole bag.
Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living|Being in the present moment, one can step outside the mechanical train of life, and this is where the inner revolution begins.
Thea Harrison, Liam Takes Manhattan|Ducks, embrace me as your king!"--James Herondale.
Beatriz Williams, Overseas|Besides, it seems to me, since my pleasure is more or less a foregone conclusion, the main object of the exercise ought to be your pleasure. A rather elusive creature, I've heard. Fascinating sort of quarry.' 'Wait a minute. You're hunting down my orgasms?' His laughter burst out like a rifle salute. 'Kate. You damned magnificent creature.' He rolled onto his back, bringing me with him. 'Yes, my darling. That's exactly what I'd like to do, on and on until the end of my life.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|(The golden goose has died, my prince turned into a frog, the Kingdom is lost, everyone has turned into stone and I am locked in the tower)
P. J. O'Rourke|Call a man 'ignorant,' and you have license to show the world your vast fund of knowledge and wise him up.
Brian Jacques, The Legend of Luke|...Feel no fear before the multitude of men, do not run in panic,but let each man bear his shield straight toward the fore-fighters,regarding his own life as hateful and holding the dark spirits of death as dear as the radiance of the sun.
Terry Pratchett|If any foreign minister begins to defend to the death a 'peace conference', you can be sure his government has already placed its orders for new battleships and airplanes.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|There are some beloved women whose eyes, by a chance blend of brilliancy and shape, affect us not directly, not at the moment of shy perception, but in a delayed and cumulative burst of light when the heartless person is absent, and the magic agony abides, and its lenses and lamps are installed in the dark.
Paul   Newman|To dwell in the here and now does not mean you never think about the past or responsibly plan for the future. The idea is simply not to allow yourself to get lost in regrets about the past or worries about the future. If you are firmly grounded in the present moment, the past can be an object of inquiry, the object of your mindfulness and concentration. You can attain many insights by looking into the past. But you are still grounded in the present moment.
Mark Kurlansky, Cod: A Biography of the Fish that Changed the World|Evolve solutions; when you find a good one, don't stop.
Bill Dedman, Empty Mansions: The Mysterious Life of Huguette Clark and the Spending of a Great American Fortune|Your lack of attention to detail is why no one is paying attention to you.‪‎Professionalism‬, ‪Communication‬ & Follow Through Builds Real Success.
Bill Gates|I went to high school, and I started getting bullied because I was very weird. I mean, freshman year I went to school in a pirate suit - I just didn't care. I'm not like the cool girls - I'm the other girl. The one that's basically a nerd, but proud of that.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.
Marquis de Sade, Justine|There are no good or evil people. There is only a great, unfathomable mob trampling itself underfoot. The life-giving sources of the old morality have dried up and vanished in the sands of oblivion. There's no other source to draw from, no place to refresh oneself. There is no example, no inspiration. It is night. A night of indifference, apathy, chaos.
Kate Rooper, Jane Unwrapped|(Every great character, Iz, be it on page or screen, is multidimensional. The good guys aren't all good, and the bad guys aren't all bad, and any character wholly one or the other shouldn't exist at all. Remember this when I describe the antics that follow, for though I am not a villain, I am not immune to villainy.)
Karin Slaughter, Triptych|Don't be sad if people thinks you are a crazy psycoDon't mind may be you really are and peoples are right 'bout youHence, FuckOff Basically.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To reach a target, you must never see it as unreachable!
Victoria Kahler, Their Friend Scarlet|Questions are for the benefit of every student, not just the one raising his hand. If you don't have the starch to stand up in class and admit what you don't understand, then I don't have the time to explain it to you. If you don't have a policy against nonsense you can wind up with a dozen timid little rabbits lined up in the hall outside your office, all waiting to whisper the same imbecilic question in your ear.
Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped|What he did to my heart was sheer, inexplicable, magic.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|To train a citizen is to train a critic. The whole point of education is that it should give a man abstract and eternal standards, by which he can judge material and fugitive conditions.
Sunday Adelaja|Every individual, however original he may be, is still a child of God, of his age, of his nation, of his family and friends. Only thus is he truly himself. If in all this relativity he tries to be the absolute, then he becomes ridiculous.
David Gianadda, Everything You Say Is Goodbye|The curious double strands in Farfrae's thread of life - the commercial and the romantic - were very distinct at times. Like the colours in a variegated cord those contrasts could be seen intertwisted, yet not mingling.
Jo Ann Davis|A degree of lying - you know, white lies - seems to be inherent in all languages and all forms of communication.
Pete Townshend|Why does the rest of the world put up with the hypocrisy, the need to put a happy face on sorrow, the need to keep on keeping on?... I don't know the answer, I know only that I can't.
Emma Chase, Overruled|Tyler. His handsome, lion-eyed ravagement. His capacity for devotion. Which is so sexy. Why do so many gay men lack that? Why are they so distracted, so in love with the idea of more and more and then more, again?
Michel Foucault|In a sense, I am a moralist, insofar as I believe that one of the tasks, one of the meanings of human existence—the source of human freedom—is never to accept anything as definitive, untouchable, obvious, or immobile. No aspect of reality should be allowed to become a definitive and inhuman law for us. We have to rise up against all forms of power—but not just power in the narrow sense of the word, referring to the power of a government or of one social group over another: these are only a few particular instances of power. Power is anything that tends to render immobile and untouchable those things that are offered to us as real, as true, as good
Antonia Clark|I cast myself at him, like a fool, but he didn't see me. And then one day he noticed I was beautiful and he wanted me. He broke me off and took me with him, in his hands, and I didn't care that I was dying until I actually was.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|one big problem and a great paradox in the arena of life is the problem of where or how a person is now and what, who and where he wants to be or have tomorrow. Had it not be this problem, we would have been relaxing all day long
Cynthia Ozick|I always won in my imagination. I always hit the game-winning shot, or I hit the free throw. Or if I missed, there was a lane violation, and I was given another one.
Debasish Mridha|Like the waves in the ocean, life changes every moment.
Renata Adler, Speedboat|Sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life.
Ban Ki-Moon|Just because I’ve been gone from this country for most of my life doesn’t mean I understand it any less. When I was fifteen I left Jamaica. I knew that I was a lesbian then and, because of what I looked like, I was an out lesbian. It was hard for me. It was hard for the thirteen years I was in England, for various reasons, and it’s going to be difficult here as well. I don’t anticipate anything being easy. But I’d rather suffer the chance of someone accosting me for being a dyke than suffer the emotional violence I’d do to myself if I wasn’t honest about who I am.
Simon Schama|I like entertainment and think mastery is good, though I don't feel like a master. If a theme means having a story that's legible, then that's certainly what we do. But we don't treat design as an add-on layer.
Steve Alten, The Loch|But the Butlerians turn fear into violence and panic into a weapon. By creating imaginary problems and raising the specter of nonexistent enemies, they transform common people into a wild herd that destroys everything they do not understand.
Israelmore Ayivor, You Can Rise|When you take your belief for granted,failure takes you for rides.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|Doubt is a first cousin to faith, Ghosh. To have faith, you have to suspend your disbelief.
Samuel Beckett|I've always been a big Cate Blanchett fan. Such a wonderful role model, the way she carries herself through her profession. She has so much grace to her, and so much intelligence. I've also always been a big Katharine Hepburn fan.
Knut Hamsun, Dreamers|That room was Rolandsen’s world. Rolandsen was not just irresponsibility and inebriation, he was also great thinker and inventor. There was a smell of acids that permeated the corridor and came to the notice of every visitor. Rolandsen made no secret of the fact that he had all these medicaments there solely to disguise the aroma of all the brandy he consumed. But this was part of an act designed purely to give himself an air of inscrutability.
Melanie Dickerson, The Noble Servant|He considered telling her that she could, and often, if she married him.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|I wept because I was re-experiencing the enthusiasm of my childhood; I was once again a child, and nothing in the world could cause me harm.
Primo Levi, The Periodic Table|If we are lucky enough, as I am, to be from time to time in quite close contact with young people, they can sometimes make it easier to hang on to this notion when they function, as every person does vis-a-vis every other person they come up against, as a mirror. Always we are being reflected in the eyes of others. Are we silly or sensible, stupid or clever, bad or good, unattractive or sexy...? We never stop being at least slightly aware of, if not actively searching for, answers to such questions, and are either deflated or elated, in extreme cases ruined or saved, by what we get. So if when you are old a beloved child happens to look at you as if he or she thinks (even if mistakenly!) that you are wise and kind: what a blessing! It's not that such a fleeting glimpse of yourself can convert you into wiseness and kindness in any enduring way; more like a good session of reflexology which, although it can cure nothing, does make you feel like a better person while it's going on and for an hour or two afterwards, and even that is well worth having. The more frequent such shots of self-esteem are, the more valuable they become, so there is a risk - remote, but possible - of their becoming addictive. An old person who doesn't enjoy having young people in her life must be a curmudgeon, but it is extremely important that she should remember that risk and watch her step. Or he, his.
|Just because the summer is over doesn't mean that we should stop working out to keep ourselves in shape. Staying in shape is primarily for your health, and not just to look good on the outside.
Mary Wollstonecraft|In spring they lie flat at the first warmth, they ruin my summer and in autumn they smell of women.
Shaun White|In life, so many things are taken for granted, but one thing I can honestly say is that I took every day, enjoyed the game of putting on that uniform and playing the great game of baseball.
Bernard Beckett, Genesis|Human spirit is the ability to face the uncertainty of the future with curiosity and optimism. It is the belief that problems can be solved, differences resolved. It is a type of confidence. And it is fragile. It can be blackened by fear, and superstition. By the year 2050, when the conflict began, the world had fallen upon fearful, superstitious times.
Benjamin Hoff, The Te of Piglet|Thousands of years ago, man lived in harmony with the rest of the natural world. Through what we would today call Telepathy, he communicated with animals, plants, and other forms of life-none of which he considered "beneath" himself, only different, with different jobs to perform. He worked side by side with earth angels and nature spirits, with whom he shared responsibility for taking care of the world.
Joanne Madeline Moore, Love and Sex Signs: Venus, Mars and Astrology|Take the time to slow down, relax, meditate, and contemplate the wonders within. You will discover an inner calm and balance that previously eluded you.
Mario Batali|There is so much more vegetable use in Thailand, India and China than meat. Yes, when you go to the markets or buy street food, you see shrimp or chicken - but mostly vegetables.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|As you are all aware, in the course of life we experience many kinds of pain. Pains of the body and pains of the heart. I know I have experienced pain in many different forms, and I'm sure you have too. In most cases, though, I'm sure you've found it very difficult to convey the truth of that pain to another person: to explain it in words. People say that only they themselves can understand the pain they are feeling. But is it true? I for one do not believe that it is. If, before our eyes, we see someone who is truly suffering, we do sometimes feel his suffering and pain as our own. This is the power of empathy. Am I making myself clear?''He broke off and looked around the room once again.''The reason that people sing songs for other people is because they want to have the power to arouse empathy, to break free of the narrow shell of the self and share their pain and joy with others. This is not an easy thing to do, of course. And so tonight, as a kind of experiment, I want you to experience a simpler, more physical kind of empathy. Lights please.''Everyone in the place was hushed now, all eyes fixed on stage. Amid the silence, the man stared off into space, as if to insert a pause or to reach a state of mental concentration. Then, without a word, he held his hand over the lighted candle. Little by little, he brought the palm closer and closer to the flame. Someone in the audience made a sound like a sigh or a moan. You could see the tip of the flame burning the man's palm. You could almost hear the sizzle of the flesh. A woman let out a hard little scream. Everyone else just watched in frozen horror. The man endured the pain, his face distorted in agony. What the hell was this? Why did he have to do such a stupid, senseless thing? I felt my mouth going dry. After five or six seconds of this, he slowly removed his hand from the flame and set the dish with the candle in it on the floor. Then he clasped his hands together, the right and left palms pressed against each other.''As you have seen tonight, ladies and gentleman, pain can actually burn a person's flesh,'' said the man. His voice sounded exactly as it had earlier: quiet, steady, cool. No trace of suffering remained on his face. Indeed, it had been replaced by a faint smile. ''And the pain that must have been there, you have been able to feel as if it were your own. That is the power of empathy.
Tia Artemis, The Death's Daughter|He glanced nervously over his shoulder with a remarkable pair of codfish eyes.'Like a ’orrid movie I saw once in Canarsie. Bunch o’ lunks set off on a cruise to nowhere, just like this, and wot do you suppose they all was?''What?''Dead.''How?''Dead as mutton, only they didn’t know it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|As with most things in life, a healthy balance will keep us on the right path. To avoid too much eye contact or too little, seek to create a comfortable mix. It is generally encouraged to use more eye contact when you are listening and less when you are speaking.
Laura Greenwald, Eye of the Beholder: True Stories of People with Facial Differences|Well, I don’t. Not absolutely. But adopting "making money’’ as the goal of a manufacturing organization looks like a pretty good assumption. Because, for one thing, there isn’t one item on that list that’s worth a damn if the company isn’t making money.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Maybe the truth was, it shouldn't be so easy to be amazing. Then everything would be. It's the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth. When something's difficult to come by, you'll do that much more to make sure it's even harder--if not impossible--to lose.
Assegid Habtewold, Soft Skills That Make or Break Your Success: 12 Soft skills to master self, get along with, and lead others successfully|The more people grow, the more they attain personal mastery. They become assets to the organization, not liabilities..
Sara Zarr, How to Save a Life|I'm not sure I'll ever know the meaning of life or what comes for us after death, but I know it's more than the hysteria people make it out to be. It's about freeing your soul when no one else can; turning thirty and still feeling like you're seventeen. It's about taking chances on a whim, embracing the rain during the storm, and smiling so damn much that you start to cry. It's never regretting, never forgetting, and always being.It's kissing underwater and touching in the dark. Loving even when you think it's emotionally impossible and surviving someway and somehow. It's about living life with a full heart and an overflowing glass.I live life on the edge. I dream, I care, and I belong.I know there's a here and now.I know that I want it.
Peter Matthiessen, Shadow Country|There is a difference between right and wrong, always was and always will be, but each man's wrong and each man's right are different.
George Orwell, The Road to Wigan Pier|Twenty million people are underfed but literally everyone in England has access to a radio. What we have lost in food we have gained in electricity. Whole sections of the working class who have been plundered of all they really need are being compensated, in part, by cheap luxuries which mitigate the surface of life.Do you consider all this desirable? No, I don't. But it may be that the psychological adjustment which the working class are visibly making is the best they could make in the circumstances. They have neither turned revolutionary nor lost their self-respect; merely they have kept their tempers and settled down to make the best of things on a fish-and-chip standard. The alternative would be God knows what continued agonies of despair; or it might be attempted insurrections which, in a strongly governed country like England, could only lead to futile massacres and a regime of savage repression.
Ada Lovelace|Lyrically I like to use themes that make the listener use his or her imagination, and to give a little of the lessons I've learned in my own life.
Lisa Wingate, The Sea Glass Sisters|Make more decisions everyday. Because a decision is a summoning of life. That's why a little chaos is good for you, because often you don't make a decision until you get yourself in a jam. And then, in the middle of the jam, you make a decision, but that decision summons Life Force. Have you ever been a place where you couldn't quite make up your mind and you just felt sort of limp? "Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know." And then you decided, and you felt alive again. We want you to know that you'll never get it done. so don't approach this from, "I gotta get on this" because you're not ever going to get it done, anyway. And the other thing we want you to know is, you cannot get it wrong. So, make a decision. Let it flow.
Jessica Savitch|Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.
Robert E. Lee|The very essence of civil liberty certainly consists in the right of every individual to claim the protection of the laws, whenever he receives an injury. One of the first duties of government is to afford that protection.
A.D. Posey|In the end, we begin.
Hannah Kent, Burial Rites|A tree doesn't make a thunderstorm, but any fool knows where lighting´s going to strike".
Margarita Engle, The Wild Book|I don't understand the whole thrilling verse, but I love the way poetry turns ordinary words into winged things that rise up and soar!
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I shall not waste any of our brief time together flattering your ego, as others have done before, with all this nonsense about skills and talents that do not help, or worse, that you do not actually possess
April Mae Monterrosa|To move on, you must surrender to your pain and accept it as your own. Only then will you heal inside.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be awake and live every moment of our precious, loving, and spontaneous life.
Carl Sagan|The best way to avoid abuses is for the populace in general to be scientifically literate, to understand the implications of such investigations. In exchange for freedom of inquiry, scientists are obliged to explain their work. If science is considered a closed priesthood, too difficult and arcane for the average person to understand, the dangers of abuse are greater. But if science is a topic of general interest and concern - if both its delights and its social consequences are discussed regularly and competently in the schools, the press, and at the dinner table - we have greatly improved our prospects for learning how the world really is and for improving both it and us.
James E. Faust|I think young people are the most creative and the coolest - people that we should be learning from. Even when I'm at a party, I'm analyzing it and thinking about it in the context of how I would write about it. That side of me never switches off.
30 Seconds to Mars|It's time to forget about the past, To wash away what happened last, Hide behind an empty face, Don't act too much, just say, 'Cause this is just a game.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|I fared excellent on the zombie apocalypse assessment; however, I did not do so well on the surviving without your love questionnaire.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Earthly contemplation means to the Christian, we have said, this above all: that behind all that we directly encounter the Face of the incarnate Logos becomes visible... Contemplation does not ignore the "historical Gethsemane," does not ignore the mystery of evil, guilt and its bloody atonement. The happiness of contemplation is a true happiness, indeed the supreme happiness; but it is founded upon sorrow.
Criss Jami, Healology|As for those who spite you, and seemingly just because, it's only evident that they're learning from you. Maybe you taste bad - kind of like medicine, kind of like truth - and to them, you're thought unsafe. There is flattery in being chewed out and spit up. Humans have always had a hard time digesting foreign things.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|... because Mr. Applebaum, who is ostensibly teaching us precalculus but is mostly teaching me that pain and suffering must be endured stoically, says, "You feel what, Tiny?".
George Soros|I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there.
Shane Eric Mathias, The Happiness Tree: Grow Your Happiness by Cultivating a Healthy, Creative and Purposeful Life|Of all the variables in your life, your relationships may hold the greatest power to make you either happy or miserable
Liz Fenton, The Status of All Things|A very wise person once told me marriage is hard, that you have to keep fighting for it everyday.
Anthony Marais, Delusionism|We are not born with a need for knowledge, but a hunger for it. Eve bit the apple and it has been gluttony ever since.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If lies comfort, and truth disturbs - self is being agitated as a result of prideful living.
Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin|All the way to heaven is heaven, because Jesus said, "I am the way.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dream Chaser|Simone couldn't move as she caught the hot look in his eyes. This was it and she knew it. She was lost to him. How could she deny him after all he'd done to protect her?"Simone!"She jumped at Jesse's shrill call.He popped into the room, then screamed like a girl. "I'm sorry. You two continue."Xypher let out a low, evil growl as he hung his head down and shook it over her. "I don't know about you, but that just killed my mood. The only thing to do more damage would would be to see Jesse naked. That would probably make me impotent for eternity. I think we just found the perfect birth control.
J.K. Rowling, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: The Original Screenplay|Newt Scamander : "My philosophy is that worrying means you suffer twice.
Keira Knightley|I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.
Siegfried Sassoon|But I've grown thoughtful now. And you have lost Your early-morning freshness of surprise At being so utterly mine: you've learned to fear The gloomy, stricken places in my soul, And the occasional ghosts that haunt my gaze.
Alexis de Tocqueville|I have undertaken vengeance. I want Liberty and Equality to reign in Saint-Domingue. I work to bring them into existence. Unite yourselves to us, brothers, and fight with us for the same cause.
Danell Lynn, Philanthropic Wanderlust|You are only given one life, one chance at fully living it...take risks, believe in your dreams, explore the world and her people, live out loud!
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Isn't wine prohibited here?" the boy asked. "It's not what enters men's mouths that's evil," said the alchemist. "It's what comes out of their mouths that is.
Gavin Extence, The Universe Versus Alex Woods|Keep in mind that in the whole long tradition of storytelling, from Greek myths through Shakespeare through King Arthur and Robin Hood, this whole notion that you can't tell stories about certain characters because someone else owns them is a very modern one - and to my mind, a very strange one.
C.S. Lewis|The student is half afraid to meet one of the great philosophers face to face. He feels himself inadequate and thinks he will not understand him. But if he only knew, the great man, just because of his greatness, is much more intelligible than his modern commentator. The simplest student will be able to understand, if not all, yet a very great deal of what Plato said; but hardly anyone can understand some modern books on Platonism.
V.S. Carnes|Therefore, she hummed the provincial lullaby she had learned from the officers’ children in the English Quarter of Jerusalem, and watched in fascination while the savage radical’s eyes misted over with tears. For an instant, the prison bars melted away, and she felt God’s presence—for the first time since their imprisonment. She was not a captive, and this man was not her captor. Indeed, they were both merely God’s children.
Felicity Brandon, Destination Anywhere|You are so wet,” you enthuse. “See how much you love to be punished,little one?”“Yes, sir,” I whimper, physically fighting the urge to push myself backonto your finger. I want you inside me so much. I would beg if I thoughtyou’d take pity on me, but I know you. My punishment is far from overyet…
Anthony Liccione|But sometimes, when she'd be all by herself, walking home late in the evening on a crowded street she'd be afraid of her own shadow following her...
Claire Messud, The Emperor's Children|Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
John Donne, The Love Poems|Twice or thrice had I lov'd thee, Before I knew thy face or name
Mike  Norton|So long as we are brave enough to accept the consequences of our actions, no one can take away our freedom of choice.
Sierra D. Waters, Debbie.|He told me that if I hung up, he'd do it. He would commit suicide. He told me that if I called the cops he would kill every single one of them and I knew that he had the potential and the means to do it
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|The sun is roaring, it fills to bursting each crystal of snow. I flush with feeling, moved beyond my comprehension, and once again, the warm tears freeze upon my face. These rocks and mountains, all this matter, the snow itself, the air- the earth is ringing. All is moving, full of power, full of light.
Thomas Wolfe, You Can't Go Home Again|Something has spoken to me in the night...and told me that I shall die, I know not where. Saying: "[Death is] to lose the earth you know for greater knowing; to lose the life you have, for greater life; to leave the friends you loved, for greater loving; to find a land more kind than home, more large than earth.
Carol Lynch Williams, Waiting|An accident you're in? It marks you on the outside, maybe. Scars your face or your skin-breaks bones,crushes skulls,leaves the body changed.An accident witnessed? You're different on the inside. Maybe there's no cut someone else can see, bu there're always injuries on the inside.Those take a long time to heal.
Scarlett Cole, The Strongest Steel|The calcium in collarbones I have kissed. The iron in the blood flushing those cheeks. We imprint our intimacies upon atoms born from an explosion so great it still marks the emptiness of space. A shimmer of photons bears the memory across the long dark amnesia. We will be carried too, mysterious particles that we are.
William H. McRaven|The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?'
Adam Nicolson, Seize the Fire: Heroism, Duty, and Nelson's Battle of Trafalgar|At that level through out the 18th century, another vision of admirable behavior persisted. The mob did not want the smooth conformable man, the slick hypocrite who could so politely maneuver his way into the rewards of high politics and high society. They wanted his very opposite, the clever thief. The man who thrived not by using the well oiled wheels of society but by opposing them and cheating them; by attending to the well-being of his own heroic self.
Matt Ridley, Genome: the Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters|Is not our capacity to choose, to chase, to dream of becoming other than we are, more powerful then the patterns of the stars?
Pádraic Pearse|Poetry creates the myth, the prose writer draws its portrait.
Eli Broad|My feeling about growing up in New Jersey was, 'How come I'm not in New York?' That being said, I'm older and I have a better worldview now, and so I think I grew up in an incredibly privileged position. The town I grew up in is beautiful. I got a great education, and I'm very grateful for it.
Chris Coons|One of my biggest pet peeves is that I just don't like it when characters do things that are funny to the writer, but you don't know why they're doing it and it doesn't make any sense.
R.A.Delmonico|Truth as a time coordinate; truth lives in the past, the future is uncertain.Truth as a scale coordinate; truth lives in the macro world, the micro world is uncertain.Truth lives in the macro past and uncertainty lives in the micro future.
Etienne de L'Amour, The Insiders|Though denigrated by some outside academia and research, she embraced knowledge for its own sake and what better way to honor that than reveling in the intricacies of the brain? If there were any answers to the human condition, if an immortal soul made its home anywhere, it was in its spongy gray folds.
Helen Marshall|Her attachment to language was earthy, physical, and immediate. Pretty words you could eat.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|There are always those who take it upon themselves to defend God, as if Ultimate Reality, as if the sustaining frame of existence, were something weak and helpless. These people walk by a widow deformed by leprosy begging for a few paise, walk by children dressed in rags living in the street, and they think, "Business as usual." But if they perceive a slight against God, it is a different story. Their faces go red, their chests heave mightily, they sputter angry words. The degree of their indignation is astonishing. Their resolve is frightening. These people fail to realize that it is on the inside that God must be defended, not on the outside. They should direct their anger at themselves. For evil in the open is but evil from within that has been let out. The main battlefield for good is not the open ground of the public arena but the small clearing of each heart. Meanwhile, the lot of widows and homeless children is very hard, and it is to their defense, not God's, that the self-righteous should rush.
Murray Rothbard|Scratch a “libertarian” these days, and you will find...a leftist.
Edward Hoagland, In the Country of the Blind: A Novel|Don't be afraid of the dark." She tousled his hair tolerantly. "I've never known a man who wasn't scared of more things than I was.
Cecelia Ahern|I'm trying to make some sense out of the phrase "Everything happens for a reason," and I think I've figured out what the reason is - to pissed me off.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|But what if Oscar—”	“Breathes fire and threatens to cook you over a grill?”	“I was thinking what if he gets mad, but I think your way works as well.”	“Then you shall make for a tasty meal.
|I love to see people move up on the ladder of success, because every success story reassures that possibilities in life are still endless.
Alexander Zalan, Petals of Decades|Provide me with an ink, paper, inspiration and place me on the high point on the edge with the sunset and sunrise, and I will make a masterpiece for you.
Erin Cummings|SEAL training was a great equalizer. Nothing mattered but your will to succeed. Not your color, not your ethnic background, not your education and not your social status.
Praveen Kumar|Be sure that your praise songs are numbered higher than your sorrowful dirges and your utmost hope, firmer than your woeful regrets. Be positive.
Patrice M. Foster|When life hurts, have a date with your feelings.Breath and let the magic begin!
Idries Shah, Knowing How to Know: A Practical Philosophy in the Sufi Tradition|You must improve yourself on a higher level if you are to be able to help people, and not just weep over them.
Kij Johnson, Fudoki|You dare quarrel with me Doerwyne?She wrinkled her nose. "It's not quarreling to express an opinion'""Women don't have opinions.""Then I must be a man, because I have plenty.
Chrystine Oksana, Safe Passage to Healing: A Guide for Survivors of Ritual Abuse|Violators cannot live with the truth: survivors cannot live without it. There are those who still, once again, are poised to invalidate and deny us. If we don't assert our truth, it may again be relegated to fantasy. But the truth won't go away. It will keep surfacing until it is recognized. Truth will outlast any campaigns mounted against it, no matter how mighty, clever, or long. It is invincible. It's only a matter of which generation is willing to face it and, in so doing, protect future generations from ritual abuse.
Gwynn Marssen|The doors of Hell are never bolted or barred, to those who belong there.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|Why does the writer write? The writer writes to serve — hopelessly he writes in the hope that he might serve — not himself and not others, but that great cold elemental grace which knows us.A writer I very much admire is Don DeLillo. At an awards ceremony for him at the Folger Library several years ago, I said that he was like a great shark moving hidden in our midst, beneath the din and wreck of the moment, at apocalyptic ease in the very elements of our psyche and times that are most troublesome to us, that we most fear.Why do I write? Because I wanna be a great shark too. Another shark. A different shark, in a different part of the ocean. The ocean is vast.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|If I stay here, I will be just fine. Before I shut the door, I got a box of crackers from the kitchen, so I will be fine.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Somewhere out in the darkness, a phoenix was singing in a way Harry had never heard before: a stricken lament of terrible beauty.
Carina Aguilar|As human beings we can't stop the flow of time, but we can choose to do something constructive with the time that we have.
Lacey Sturm|When you forgive somebody, it’s not so much for them as it is for you. You need to be free from that. And you need to rise above that.
C. JoyBell C.|How can a falling dove turn again into a flying dove once again? It really takes the eyes of someone who sees you for the beauty that you really are. And if there are no other eyes there to see you in that way, then you had better be those pair of eyes, for yourself, to see yourself with!
Roseville Nidea|A 21st century poet is a woman who can speak her mind and stand upright like a mountain with her convictions, but can adapt like water in an ever changing season without losing her genuine elements.
Ingrid|Bring ideas in and entertain them royally, for one of them may be the king.
Charlaine Harris|The more you read within a balanced life, the more time you have. Strange but true.
Robert Trivers, Deceit and Self-Deception: Fooling Yourself the Better to Fool Others|It was one of those moments that no scientist can ever reduce to numbers, try as she might.
Pico Iyer, The Art of Stillness: Adventures in Going Nowhere|... a man sitting still is alone, often, with the memory of all he doesn't have. And what he does have can look very much like nothing.
Scott Hamilton|Men are beginning to realize that they are not individuals but persons in society, that man alone is weak and adrift, that he must seek strength in common action.
Jools Holland|My wedding was at home, so I didn't really want to wear a veil in my house. Instead I wore a lot of diamond hair clips. They were brooches, actually, designed by Lorraine Schwartz.
Rose Tremain, Music & Silence|Happiness in something you need to search for, It comes from inside. You can pull it out from inside by satisfaction and acceptance.
Dinah Katt, Once Upon a Time Travel|What happened next… well, I'm going to blame it on the fact that I was scared. And I had just flown or fallen or something through about eighty years worth of Time. Or maybe it was the beans. I farted. I farted loud enough that it echoed around the small closet, bounced off all four walls and finally escaped through the open door. At least that's what it did in my mind's eye.
Angela Duckworth|I was a good novice teacher, but I did the things that were obvious. I stayed for lunch for extra tutoring, gave kids my cell phone, and was available. In my first year of teaching, I ended up doubling the math time that a conventional school would have. But I don't think any of these things were path-breaking or unusual.
Kishore Bansal|Courage make you strong, to become better person Show kind feelings to others.
George "GM64" Mercado|In order to become great we must allows others to become great before us, and not be envious of their greatness but rather rejoice in it. So that when we become great, there will be others who shall rejoice in ours.
Rushabh Patel|If bye is meant to be separation, why do people say good bye.
John Burnside|If you had to lose everything, what would you miss most? It wouldn't be anything gross, like the big house, or the fancy car, assuming you had such things. It wouldn't be your impeccable reputation, or fame, or the regard of others. No; if you had to lose everything – I mean EVERYTHING – it would be the things you most take for granted now that you would miss. It would be different for each person, and it would probably surprise you to know what it was: a lilac tree in flower, the sound of a train in the distance, the smell of marmalade or hot buttered toast. Rain on a windowpane. A fruit thingummy.
Kevin Michel, Subconscious Mind Power|At each moment, our seemingly objective world emerges from the dancing of consciousness with a single untruth: that there is something out there which is not us.
W. Somerset Maugham|A sematary," I say. "A what?" Viola says, looking round at all the square stones marking out their graves. Must be a hundred, maybe two, in orderly rows and well-kept grass. Settler life is hard and it's short and lotsa New World people have lost the battle."It's a place for burying dead folk," 
Catharine A. MacKinnon|Men who are in prison for rape think it's the dumbest thing that ever happened... it's isn't just a miscarriage of justice; they were put in jail for something very little different from what most men do most of the time and call it sex. The only difference is they got caught. That view is nonremorseful and not rehabilitative. It may also be true. It seems to me that we have here a convergence between the rapists's view of what he has done and the victim's perspective on what was done to her. That is, for both, their ordinary experiences of heterosexual intercourse and the act of rape have something in common. Now this gets us into immense trouble, because that's exactly how judges and juries see it who refuse to convict men accused of rape. A rape victim has to prove that it was not intercourse. She has to show that there was force and that she resisted, because if there was sex, consent is inferred. Finders of fact look for "more force than usual during the preliminaries". Rape is defined by distinction from intercourse - not nonviolence, intercourse. They ask, does this event look more like fucking or like rape? But what is their standard for sex, and is this question asked from the women's point of view? The level of force is not adjudicated at her point of violation; it is adjudicated at the standard for the normal level of force. Who sets this standard?
Debasish Mridha|I believe in mess, tears, pain, self-abasement, loss of self-respect, nakedness. Not caring doesn’t seem much different from not loving.
Annalee Newitz|What's changed is we now have good anatomical, geological, archaeological evidence that Neanderthals are not our ancestors. When I wrote 'Lucy,' I considered Neanderthals ancestors of modern humans. We have gone back twice the age of Lucy, six million years. And we see that upright bipedal walking goes back that far in time.
Edward Cline, Hugh Kenrick|He was quite a Casanova, no doubt about it. He was in a very good mood today and stopped longer than usual. The girls could see he was gloriously drunk. ’Well, Ragna, why do you think I come here so often?’ asked Rolandsen. ’I’ve no idea,’ Ragna answered. ’You must think I’m sent by old Laban.’The girls giggled. ’When he says Laban he really means Adam.’’I’ve come to save you,’ said Rolandsen. ’You have to beware of the fishermen around here, they’re out-and-out seducers!’’There’s no greater seducer than you,’ said another girl. ’You’ve got two kids already. You ought to be ashamed of yourself.’ ’How can you talk like that, Nicoline? You’ve always been a thorn in my flesh and you’ll be the death of me, you know damned well. But as for you, Ragna, I’m going to save your soul wether you like it or not!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The resting place of the mind is the heart. The only thing the mind hears all day is clanging bells and noise and argument, and all it wants is quietude. The only place the mind will ever find peace is inside the silence of the heart. That's where you need to go.
Bob Hope|I like beautiful writing, pain, unexpected humor, and the message that, at the last second, people are going to be kind to each other. It almost doesn't matter what the genre is.
Vivian Swift, When Wanderers Cease to Roam: A Traveler's Journal of Staying Put|Thus it looks in the last analysis as if the soul which serves God in spirit and in truth enjoys a very unusual kind of peace: not the satisfying inward rest which we would have expected, nor the outward rest of having everything in order and nothing left out, but a rest which consists in contentment at having sacrificed both to the will of God.
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|Grief is part of my human experience. There will always be loss during my lifetime. Loss has come in a variety of forms to me—such as death, divorce, losing a job, and selling a beloved home. Each event brought me new opportunities and experiences that would not have been possible otherwise.
Saim Cheeda|HAPPINESS comes from within. To be happy is to know oneself. It's not in the material things that we own, it's the love we have and show to the world.﻿
Allen Grant|When John-Joseph Heller's fights became too much of a sure thing, story has it he moved on to more risky fights with grown men and even starved dogs. Though he was scarred often, he was never beaten. But as he brought each opponent to his knees, John-Joseph Heller was also growing up and his vision began to extend further than the ring.
Lisa Wingate, Dandelion Summer|It also appears to me that when prejudices persist obstinately, it is the fault of nobody so much as of those who make a point of proclaiming them insuperable, as an excuse to themselves for never joining in an attempt to remove them. Any prejudice whatever will be insurmountable if those who do not share it themselves truckle to it, and flatter it, and accept it as a law of nature.
William Gibson, Distrust That Particular Flavor|Time moves in one direction, memory another. We are that strange species that constructs artifacts intended to counter the natural flow of forgetting.
Zybejta Beta Metani'Marashi|Many times people take my kindness for stupidity, including "christians" will try to take advantage of your kindness if you allow them, but if I feel helping them I'll tolerate bit of my kindest, not because i'm stupid but because I have a gentle heart
Thomas Sowell|I didn’t answer her. All I could have said was I don’t know, a sentence that was becoming a kind of witness to our own ignorance or incompetence. Or both.
Brene Brown|You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Jewel|Faith is reason plus revelation, and the revelation part requires one to think with the spirit as well as with the mind. You have to hear the music, not just read the notes on the page.
Peter Jackson|When someone takes their existing business and tries to transform it into something else - they fail. In technology that is often the case. Look at Kodak: it was the dominant imaging company in the world. They did fabulously during the great depression, but then wiped out the shareholders because of technological change.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|Society never advances. It recedes as fast on one side as it gains on the other. It undergoes continual changes; it is barbarous, it is civilized, it is christianized, it is rich, it is scientific; but this change is not amelioration. For every thing that is given, something is taken.
Mary Karr, Now Go Out There:|On the hot, fragrant afternoon of my graduation from college it seemed that good fortune was not merely latent but unavoidable, folded and in the bag.
Peter Wisan|The Captain was wearing his best blousey shirt, his beard was gleaming in the early morning light and he’d polished all his gold teeth. As he strode manfully towards the shore, the only thing that could have make him look even more heroic that he already did would have been the theme to Flash Gordon playing in the background, but it was a hundred and seventy years too early for that.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A true friend does not make you win by making you the winner to the detriment of the true winner. He makes sure that you become a loser, not because he likes the way you fail, but to enlighten you on how it feels to be treated that way and to demonstrate that love and respect are not exclusive.
A.E.H. Veenman, Dial QR for Murder|Digital Age Cozy: Cozy mystery can be more than knitting grannies, cats, and cookbooks!
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|You're a hero and a gentleman, you're kind and honest, but more than that, you're the first man I ever truly loved. And no matter what the future brings, you always will be, and I know that my life is better for it.
Patti Smith|Poetry has done enough when it charms, but prose must also convince.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|Full fathom five thy father lies;Of his bones are coral made;Those are pearls that were his eyes:Nothing of him that doth fade,But doth suffer a sea-changeInto something rich and strange.Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell: Ding-dong Hark! now I hear them,—Ding-dong, bell.
Alan Emmins, Mop Men: Inside the World of Crime Scene Cleaners|I have always felt that suicide was connected to communication. Not due to a lack of opportunity, but to an impossibility to communicate and be understood. It can be frustrating to try to share something with somebody, something important and real to you, and see in the face of another person that he doesn't care or, worse still, simply doesn't understand you. Of course, it is inevitable that this will happen from time to time, but imagine if it were always that way. Imagine if every time you tried to communicate and connect with another human being you fell short. If you never make any sense to anybody, if you never connect, you hold no value: you are truly alone. There are those who can survive as genuine outsiders, and then there are those who can't.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|The New Age is not one of bells and whistles and mystical special effects. It is not a fantasy state driven by the alignments of planets or the power of crystals, nor a metaphysical rising to higher plains of consciousness by virtue of chanting esoteric mantras. It will not feature the arrival of a thunderbolt-wielding god, ready to set up a final judgment by reviving hordes of old, decayed corpses. The real New Age is a simple, but stunningly profound, awareness that one’s Self and all that one encounters are two aspects of the same, singular Essence.
Faria Rehman|Each of us is called upon to take a stand. So in these days ahead, as we examine ourselves and each other, our works, our fears, our differences, our sisterhood and survivals, I urge you to tackle what is most difficult for us all, self-scrutiny of our complacencies, the idea that since each of us believes she is on the side of right, she need not examine her position.
D.F.   Jones, Ruby's Choice|You are probably the only girl on the planet that would spend so much time with Dylan Porter, who might just be the single most hottest guy on the planet, and try to get him to date other women,” Clara laughed and shook her head in disbelief.
Berry Quotes|He remembered running through the streets of Alicante with Tavvy in his arms, stumbling on the cracked paving. trying to keep his little brother's face mashed against his shoulder so that he wouldn't see the blood and death all around him.
Kate Nash|there is no planet, sun, or star could hold you if you but knew what you are.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|We often seek beauty in the outside, in the unknown, and often lack to realize the sheer beauty right in front of our very eyes, back home.
Keith Johnstone|Acceptance, she thinks, is the harshest lesson life teaches and the one most important to learn.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|The claim that science can disprove God’s existence is an honest ambition but it is a statement that is actually impossible to back up. This is because the task of proving something like science is unprovable by scientific methods. How do you prove an idea like “science”? What container do you use to measure it? What laws of science do you use to prove science? That’s the first reason why the worldview of scientism, the belief that science proves everything, fails to work out in real life. Science cannot prove everything because it cannot even prove itself.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|I realize now that I've hoped to be great - as an actress, as a mother - because I want to embody the greatness of women who didn't get to be all they could have been. Their dignity, their courage, and their brilliance make me strive to be better. They're a part of me.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Beauty is seen in repetition; keep repeating your beauty even if your beauty is not all that beautiful, you shall still leave a mark and there shall come a moment when the beauty will be seen
John Willis Zumwalt, Passion for the Heart of God|Theology is the study of God. The study of God is simply to be enjoyed for its own incomparable subject, the One most beautiful, most worthy to be praised. Life with God delights in its very acts of thinking, reading, praying and communing with that One most worthy to behold, pondered and studied, not for its written artifacts or social consequences but for the joy in its object.
Alida Nugent, You Don't Have to Like Me: Essays on Growing Up, Speaking Out, and Finding Feminism|And if you looking for a surefire way to turn a comfortable party into a very alcohol-fueled romp through gender politics, bring up feminism.
|There is no reason for you to ever stop walking with faith, because you are amazingly built to win regardless of how tough or rough your challenges are.
K.D. West, The Visitor Entertains|Dismiss That quote has been saved.quoteJessica Nyman > Quotes > Quotable Quote“If you understand this…” he said, “I could give the word and have you beheaded right now…” his voice was soft as velvet and incredibly sexy in a macabre way. I shivered. He nibbled on the edge of my ear and whispered, “But I won’t do that.
Mark Victor Hansen|My identity is linked to my grandmother, who's pure Filipino, as pure as you can probably get. And that shaped my imagination. So that's how I identify.
David Cameron|My favorite fruit is grapes. Because with grapes, you always get another chance. 'Cause, you know, if you have a crappy apple or a peach, you're stuck with that crappy piece of fruit. But if you have a crappy grape, no problem - just move on to the next. 'Grapes: The Fruit of Hope.'
John Gray|I would love you all the day, every night we would kiss and play, if with me you'd fondly stray, over the hills and far away.
Enid Shomer, The Twelve Rooms of the Nile|The pens sharpen – Islamophobia! No such thing. Primitive Middle Eastern religions (and most others) are much the same – Islam, Christianity and Judaism all define themselves through disgust for women's bodies.
Catherine Martin, A Woman's Heart That Dances: Keeping in Step with God's Design for You|When you weep, Jesus weeps with you. And together you enter into the dance of tears. The dance of tears with Jesus is a precious intimacy He shares only with those who have known deep suffering. In the dance of tears, Jesus shares your pain. He carries your deep sorrows in His everlasting arms. And He ultimately turns your mourning into dancing. He revives and saves your crushed spirit. What a blessed comfort in our deepest darkness to know the One who shares the depth of every pain and loss, every joy and gladness. Jesus, He is the One.
Adam Christopher, The Burning Dark|Never does one open the discussion by coming right to the heart of the matter. For the heart of the matter is always somewhere else than where it is supposed to be. To allow it to emerge, people approach it indirectly by postponing until it matures, by letting it come when it is ready to come. There is no catching, no pushing, no directing, no breaking through, no need for a linear progression which gives the comforting illusion that one knows where one goes. Time and space are not something entirely exterior to oneself, something that one has, keeps, saves, wastes, or loses.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat. "Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper. "Make Harry get it.""Get the mail, Harry.""Make Dudley get it.""Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley.
Stacy London|I try and groom myself, be it through fitness or dance.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated: The Life Of A Boy Who Never Knew A Mother's Love|The kind of individual that you see on the outside, is never the same person on the inside.
Tom Brokaw|You are not expected to know, but you are expected to wish to know.
William Zinsser|The author sees Joseph of Genesis as a type of Christ's Pentecostal power. He who was thought dead has been raised in power, and the power is evident in the chariot he sends for his own.
Steve Maraboli|Indifference is more truly the opposite of love than hate is, for we can both love and hate the same person at the same time, but we cannot both love and be indifferent to the same person at the same time.
Zenna Henderson|At some future period, not very distant as measured by centuries, the civilised races of man will almost certainly exterminate and replace throughout the world the savage races. At the same time the anthropomorphous apes, as Professor Schaaffhausen has remarked, will no doubt be exterminated. The break will then be rendered wider, for it will intervene between man in a more civilised state as we may hope, than the Caucasian and some ape as low as a baboon, instead of as at present between the negro or Australian and the gorilla.
Shannon L. Alder|Never tell an unnecessary lie; the truth has great authority. The cleverest murders have been caught, not because they told the one essential lie, but because they continued to lie about unimportant detail when the truth could have done them no harm.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|The ability to differentiate between life challenges and who you are at the core is everything. A failed business, relationship or dream doesn’t make you a failure as a person.
James Harden|The jewelry business is a very, very tough business - tougher than the computer business. You truly have to understand how to take care of your customers.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I love being aroused.I relish that delicious feeling of freedom, the delirium of being naked, and my flesh being born again. It’s like I’m being made new.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|If I had my way," Dionysus said, "I would cause your molecules to erupt in flames. We'd sweep up the ashes and be done with a lot of trouble. But Chiron seems to feel this would be against my mission at this cursed camp: to keep you little brats safe from harm.""Spontaneous combustion is a form of harm, Mr. D," Chiron put in."Nonsense," Dionysus said. "Boy wouldn't feel a thing. Nevertheless, I've agreed to restrain myself. I'm thinking of turning you into a dolphin instead, sending you back to your father.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|I should go so far as to say that embedded in the surrealistic frame of a television news show is a theory of anticommunication, featuring a type of discourse that abandons logic, reason, sequence and rules of contradiction. In aesthetics, I believe the name given to this theory is Dadaism; in philosophy, nihilism; in psychiatry, schizophrenia. In the parlance of the theater, it is known as vaudeville.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|I had never killed myself before, so I had no idea what would I want to listen to when it was too late for me to skip to the next song. Like, maybe when you're dying, you actually want to hear something really upbeat.
Isaac Asimov|[What’s exciting is] the actual process of broadening yourself, of knowing there’s now a little extra facet of the universe you know about and can think about and can understand. It seems to me that when it’s time to die, there would be a certain pleasure in thinking that you had utilized your life well, learned as much as you could, gathered in as much as possible of the universe, and enjoyed it. There’s only this one universe and only this one lifetime to try to grasp it. And while it is inconceivable that anyone can grasp more than a tiny portion of it, at least you can do that much. What a tragedy just to pass through and get nothing out of it.
Osho, Watch and Wait: relaxing and waking up - instinct and intuition|A wise man is one who creates a harmony between head, heart, and body. In this harmony one comes to the revelation of the source of one’s life, the very center, the soul. And that is the greatest ecstasy possible – not only to human beings but in this whole universe, nothing more is possible. It is already too much.
Joseph Brodsky|Poetry seems to be the only weapon able to beat language, using language's own means.
Dan Carlin, The Celtic Holocaust|For us, everything was a performance.” A small, private smile catches me off guard and I glance down, hoping he won’t see it. “Everything poetic.
Mac Barnett|A clue! From M!""Who's M?""Maybe M is for Mackintosh! Maybe Grabes ans Mackintosh are in cahoots!""Or maybe M is for Mom. Also, who says 'cahoots'?
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.
Edwin Howard Armstrong|The world, I think, will wait a long time for Nikola Tesla's equal in achievement and imagination.
Stella Adler, The Art of Acting|You have to do something. If you do something, you become somebody. Even a daffodil does something, has a profession. It gives off scent, professionally.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dear Sigmund,Multiple Personality Disorder is a much discussed topic in my one bedroom bedsit."Signed....Thomas, Jane, Ralf, Tom, Toomey and Spot
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|... the only difference between carnivores and plants is that the latter eat meat through ‘translator’ organisms. Maggots and bacteria ‘pre-chew’ dead animal matter, which plants then absorb as nutrients. So if eating pre-chewed food does not change the fact that a baby is human, why should a plant be any less of a carnivore because it out-sources the digestion of animal protein to organisms of decay?
