George H. Smith, Atheism: The Case Against God|It is my firm conviction that man has nothing to gain, emotionally or otherwise, by adhering to a falsehood, regardless of how comfortable or sacred that falsehood may appear. Anyone who claims, on the one hand, that he is concerned with human welfare, and who demands, on the other hand, that man must suspend or renounce the use of his reason, is contradicting himself. There can be no knowledge of what is good for man apart from knowledge of reality and human nature, and there is no manner in which this knowledge can be acquired except through reason. To advocate irrationality is to advocate that which is destructive to human life.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CA study course in India is not the toughest study course. It's for them who are the toughest, the determined ones. I am a Chartered Accountant.
Jasper Johns|I think that one wants from a painting a sense of life. The final suggestion, the final statement, has to be not a deliberate statement but a helpless statement. It has to be what you can't avoid saying.
Duncan Edwards|Even if you are having a nightmare day during which nothing will go right, never cease looking for the ball. In the end everything will come right, for football is a game that rewards those who show courage.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|Are you not thirsty?" said the Lion."I am dying of thirst," said Jill."Then drink," said the Lion."May I — could I — would you mind going away while I do?" said Jill.The Lion answered this only by a look and a very low growl. And as Jill gazed at its motionless bulk, she realized that she might as well have asked the whole mountain to move aside for her convenience.The delicious rippling noise of the stream was driving her nearly frantic."Will you promise not to — do anything to me, if I do come?" said Jill."I make no promise," said the Lion.Jill was so thirsty now that, without noticing it, she had come a step nearer."Do you eat girls?" she said."I have swallowed up girls and boys, women and men, kings and emperors, cities and realms," said the Lion. It didn't say this as if it were boasting, nor as if it were sorry, nor as if it were angry. It just said it."I daren't come and drink," said Jill."Then you will die of thirst," said the Lion."Oh dear!" said Jill, coming another step nearer. "I suppose I must go and look for another stream then.""There is no other stream," said the Lion.
Sōseki Natsume, I Am a Cat|Living as I do with human beings, the more that I observe them, the more I am forced to conclude that they are selfish.
Lisa Kessler, Harvest Moon|The corner of his mouth pulled up into a crooked, boyish grin that melted the heart I was so desperate to protect. “You don’t have a monopoly on fear. Until we kick Nero’s asses out of Reno—and trust me, I have every intention of doing that—you’re a target. If anything happened to you…” He shook his head, breaking eye contact. “Can’t even think about it.
Louisa May Alcott, An Old-Fashioned Girl|The emerging woman ... will be strong-minded, strong-hearted, strong-souled, and strong-bodied...strength and beauty must go together.
TA Guimont|THE INITIAL STEP IN INDIVIDUAL TRANSFORMATION REQUIRES THAT YOU ALLOW YOURSELF TO BE HONEST, OPEN, & VUNERABLE TO ADMIT YOUR SHORTCOMINGS; LOOK AT THE PATH YOU’VE TRAVELED; ACKNOWLEDGE ,THAT UNFAVORABLE EVENTS QUITE POSSIBLY WERE THE CONSEQUENSE OF YOUR POOR CHOICES; DEVELOPE A STRATEGY TO GET BACK ON TRACK WITH A WELL ALLUMINATED PATHWAY FOR REASONABLY ACHIEVABLE SUCCESS, WHATEVER WAY YOU DEFINE IT; AND KNOWING WHAT IS REQUIRED: POSSESING THE COURAGE, WILLINGNESS, & DESIRE TO IMPLEMENT POSITIVE CHANGE; CONSTANTLY & CONSISTENTLY FOREVER CHALLENGING YOURS ELF TO STRIVE FOR GREATNESS.
Margaret Atwood|Lambhood and tigerishness may be found in either gender, and in the same individual at different times.
Doris P. Johnson|Your Core Values are the "glue" that holds your business together.
Toni Morrison|I'm a Midwesterner, and everyone in Ohio is excited. I'm also a New Yorker, and a New Jerseyan, and an American, plus I'm an African-American, and a woman. I know it seems like I'm spreading like algae when I put it this way, but I'd like to think of the prize being distributed to these regions and nations and races.
James Rozoff|Once art served to educate and edify, now it distracts and amuses.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|For historical currents do not irresistibly propel themselves and everyone in their path. No matter what their broader structural or ideological roots, they both carry along and are carried along by people, who are not merely passengers of history, but pilots as well.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|We are ever brutal to those who love and serve us in silence, but the time may come when, for our cruelty, we shall be deserted by these best friends of ours.
Ellen G. White|Religion does not consist in making a noise, yet when the soul is filled with the Spirit of the Lord, sweet, heart-felt praise to God glorifies him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Heavenly Father, may your will be done in my life, in Jesus Name. Amen
Nora Roberts|The library is not just an information center. It's always been a refuge for anyone to come to, whatever status in society. For people, intellectuals, pseudo-intellectuals, for lonely people. For every walk of life.
Terry Pratchett, Pyramids|In the early twelfth century century the Virgin had been the supreme protectress of civilisation. She had taught a race of tough and ruthless barbarians the virtues of tenderness and compassion. The great cathedrals of the Middle Ages were her dwelling places upon earth. In the Renaissance, while remaining the Queen of Heaven, she became also the human mother in whom everyone could recognise qualities of warmth and love and approachability...The stabilising, comprehensive religions of the world, the religions which penetrate to every part of a man's being--in Egypt, India or China--gave the female principle of creation at least as much importance as the male, and wouldn't have taken seriously a philosophy that failed to include them both...It's a curious fact that theall-male religions have produced no religious imagery--in most cases have positively forbidden it. The great religious art of the world is deeply involved with the female principle.
Deepa Bajaj, I See You in Your Eyes|I want to touch you.''And if you did touch me, what then?''I would find a language of beginning.
Scott T Goudsward|Arguably, horror may be understood as a fictional indulgence in fantasies of violence, and our fascination with it seen as a form of sublimation of repressed desires. If we accept this line of thinking, then horror has the benefit of, at least, being one of the most honest of genres.
Paramahansa Yoganandamahansa Yogananda|Energy is the currency of the universe. When you 'pay' attention to something, you buy that experience.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent. It depends in part upon the myth-making imagination of humankind. The person who experiences greatness must have a feeling for the myth he is in. He must reflect what is projected upon him. And he must have a strong sense of the sardonic. This is what uncouples him from belief in his own pretensions. The sardonic is all that permits him to move within himself. Without this quality, even occasional greatness will destroy a man.
Megh Bhatnagar|Once who is beautiful at the age of five, will also be beautiful at the age of 25 and 75. Its only the attraction that fades out with time, charm and beauty always remain there.
Jens Peter Jacobsen, Niels Lyhne|Ludwig Wittgenstein once said that names are the only things that exist in the world. Maybe that's true, but the problem is that as time passes by, names do not remain the same - even if they don't change.
Carly Fiorina|In the business world an executive knows something about everything, a technician knows everything about something and the switchboard operator knows everything.
Edward Snowden|Unless your government is respectable, foreigners will invade your rights; and to maintain tranquillity, it must be respectable - even to observe neutrality, you must have a strong government.
Akuku Mach Pep|Keep your friends close, enemies closer. Takes little effort to drive a sharp knife through their hearts when they outlive their uselessness!
Itohan Eghide, Master of Maxims|Insecurity is the lack of trust in your abilities and worth. When you enter into a secured state of consciousness, everything that helped boost your confidence will return.
Kathleen Hanna|My humor is channeling everything through my brain. For example, when I talk about something, it's how Richard Lewis feels about it. I'm a storyteller. I do a lot of free association.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray and Other Writings|Why can't these American women stay in their own country? They are always telling us that it is the paradise for women.It is. That is the reason why, like Eve, they are so excessively anxious to get out of it.
Salman Rushdie|I am copacetic with leaning on the sacred, but I need to make sure all the mundane bases are covered before we break out the crystals and incense for a good chant.
Brian Staveley, The Emperor's Blades|Believe what you see with your eyes, trust what you hear with your ears; know what you feel with your flesh. The rest is dream and delusion.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|The 4 "I" in Simple Ideas: Involve individuals; Inspire crowds; Instil creativity; Innovate humanity !
James Buchan|I've always really, really wanted to go to Egypt and go inside some pyramids and just hang out there. I don't know why. I don't like hot weather, and I don't like the desert, but something about the pyramid and the mummies and all their history there, I'd love to go check it out.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|She was his, but she wasn’t.I don’t do love, she’d said.But with her, he didn’t know any other way. Even when hewanted to protect himself, he knew. She was the only one who made him hear music. The only one who made him feel home. The only one who wanted nothing more than for him to be plain, simple Will Truitt.
Donald Miller, To Own a Dragon: Reflections on Growing Up Without a Father|...burying themselves in his arm was more about feeling his love in the confusion, in the difficulty, than it was about having moved past it.
Thaddeus White, Bane of Souls|Duncan yawned and scratched at a spot on his temple. “According to my reckoning, you shall be punished thusly. Hanged twice, for major theft and unlawfully slaying a beast in the Comte’s forest. Lashed… let me see… four hundred and twenty-seven times for adultery, fornication and minor theft. Lastly, imprisoned for tax evasion and rigging boxing matches for,” the lieutenant paused and totted up the list of offences, “Ninety-six years.”Roger the Goat nodded gravely, and asked, “In what order?
Neil Gaiman|My fugitive years are all hasting away,And I must ere long lie as lowly as they,With a turf on my breast, and a stone at my head,Ere another such grove shall arise in its stead.'Tis a sight to engage me, if anything can,To muse on the perishing pleasures of man;Though his life be a dream, his enjoyments I see,Have a being less durable even than he.
Tamar Myers, As the World Churns|One day everything will be well, that is our hope. Everything's fine today, that is our illusion
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Whatever you do, in the privacy of your own rain shower, is your own business
Jack Vance, Trullion: Alastor 2262|You’re not a creature in body.You exist as the stars exist,participating in their stillness, their immensity.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|A rebellion against God, even as believers, is fueled by the toxic fumes of unbelief.
Faith McKay, Lipstick & Zombies|It hurt like hell, but at least it felt true. Her mind could settle into that pain.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left, and laughing feels better right now.
Suresh Raina|I filed a brief as a friend of the court in the U. of Michigan to keep affirmative action at the U. of Michigan, which I attended the law school. And I was one of the original sponsors of making the Martin Luther King birthday a federal holiday.
David Harvey, Seventeen Contradictions and the End of Capitalism|There is a lot of talk about "rigged games" as of late. Big government is the most insipid of all "rigged games". There is no choice available to the public allowing it to avoid a big over-arching government. You can always chose not do business with a big corporation. Corporations that are distasteful can be avoided. A big, powerful, government bent on intrusion cannot be avoided.
Jessica Zafra, Womenagerie and Other Tales from the Front|Once you’ve read too many trashy best-sellers, you begin to look for something with substance, something that attempts to define the universe.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|How extraordinary the ordinary really is, a tool we all use to keep going, a template for sanity.
Garry Trudeau|I've never met a person who has more integrity than my husband. I respect that. There's his humor and intelligence, too, and he's really cute, all those things - but if you don't respect your partner, you'll get sick of him.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The more you exaggerate, the more you will look funny!
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|[What do you want to be when you grow up?] "A wrecker of civilizaton
Anushka Sharma|While the law cannot force a person to be moral or tolerant, through the law we can demand respect and expect equality.
Maria Faustina Kowalska|Act in such a way that all those who come in contact with you will go away joyful. Sow happiness about you because you have received much from God; give, then, generously to others. They should take leave of you with their hearts filled with joy, even if they have no more than touched the hem of your garment.
Martin Luther King Jr.|If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way
T.S. Garp, Serenity's Dream: A Collection of Tales and Poems about Mystical Journeys.|Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere - Carl Sagan
Skye Cleary, The Fictions of Anita Brookner: Illusions of Romance|Survivors create survival mechanisms. Mine is pushing through. I push everything to the side, out of my line of vision, out of my mind and I focus relentlessly on my goal. Not sure what you’d call it, but who cares? I’m a fighter and that’s enough. I live each day happy to wake up each morning to my children’s bright eyes and warm cheeks. If pushing through gives me more days with the family I’ve created, with my writing, with my loves— fine by me. Call it what you want. I call it living. -Broken Places
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|While active listening is crucial for optimal communication, we are faced with a dilemma which can perplex even the sincerest and engaged of individuals.
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|Knowledge is power. The moment the masses acquire this power, control fades. And when control fades, chaos erupts.
Charlotte Stein, Sheltered|Just that one word—sound—sent a strong answering pulse through her body. His tongue curled around syllables that weren’t there, like a promise. This is what you’ll get, if you just let me hear.
Arlene J. Chai|I was someone hungry for stories; more specifically, I was someone who craved after facts...I was, you see, at the start of this tale, a person with history. I had no story of my own. Lacking this, I developed a curiosity about other people's lives.
Mark F. LaMoure|If you want to be excellent at something, you must move away from your comfort zone, overcome doubt, setbacks and failure. Never give up. Keep plugging away and being persistent. One day, success will be yours.
K.S. Marsden, The Shadow Falls|Hunter could only groan. “What are you doing, Kristen?”“Bringing breakfast.” She replied innocently. “Think of it as thanks for saving my life.”Hunter sat up in bed, looking his usual ruffled morning mess, with extra dark circles under the eyes today. “Technically, I didn’t save your life, Mel did.”“Ok, then think of it as punishment for putting my life at risk.” Kristen shrugged, and helped herself to a piece of toast. “It’s all a ruse, anyway.
Joss Whedon|Sadly, I hate foreigners. And Americans. And animals. And flora, and some fauna. Also the magma that is the very core of this our mother earth. I'm full o' hate!
Neil Armstrong|Today, for the first time in history, a Bishop of Rome sets foot on English soil. This fair land, once a distant outpost of the pagan world, has become, through the preaching of the Gospel, a beloved and gifted portion of Christ's vineyard.
Rush Limbaugh|The proud do not change to improve, but defend their position by rationalizing. Repentance means change, and it takes a humble person to change.
Zoe Lore, Knotted: Rapunzel's Story|We are drawn to repetition. We can watch the tide rolling for hours into shore. The clouds skittering across the sky. We can listen to the pulsing beat of bongo drums and are drawn magnetically to the slap, slap, slap of a girl being chastised. The human is a mystery, even too himself.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Don’t take the high ground and assume you already know what you’ll do. The truth is, when it comes to someone you love, you’ll find there isn’t anything you won’t do.
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|We like to stress the commonness of heroes. Essences seem undemocratic. We feel oppressed by the call to greatness. We regard an interest in glory or perfection as a sign of mental unhealthiness, and have decided that high achievers, who are called overachievers, owe their surplus ambition to a defect in mothering (either too little or too much). We want to admire but think we have a right not to be intimidated. We dislike feeling inferior to an ideal. So away with ideals, with essences. The only ideals allowed are healthy ones -- those everyone may aspire to, or comfortably imagine oneself possessing.
Shannon Hale, River Secrets|I'm Razo, a member of Bayern's Own," he said, stopping himself from adding "Loafing is just a hobby of mine.""Bayern's Own? But you're a child." Razo looked up to the sky. "I'm not a child, I'm just short.
Aristotle, The Rhetoric & The Poetics of Aristotle|I am protective of the gentle slope of stomach bulging like an early pregnancy, at my waist. I've earned its existence with everything I've been forced to swallow.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Everyone comes with baggage, make sure you get one that comes with a rack
Charles W. Warner, The Heartbeat of God: The Fiery Flame of Love|Life without love is like a bird without feathers. Life without love is like a butterfly without wings it's the saddest of things."In this life I can live without many things love is not on that list
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|At its most elemental, a spell is no more than a recipe for change.
Shizette Parker, Candles of Rejuvenescence|When there is a grand cause to be won, he said, sometimes, there are unavoidable casualties. None of us are happy about that, but it’s a painful reality. He paused and added, We’ve all accepted our culpability…
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|I haven’t been disingenuous in what I’ve said describing my perception of “truth” and “reality.” Certainly, I understand what is generally meant to be the “truth,” I understand this notion, but it’s not something I trust in, OK?The only answer that feels true (I said feels, not is) is that yes, the character Minnie is me, but she is not me. She is a projection of some tumult which originates within me, but she is not me. I use elements of myself, including my likeness, for the character, perhaps as Cindy Sherman uses herself in her work, but like Sherman’s photographs, the work itself is not any more about the creator than it is about everyone. I won’t deny that Minnie does things I have done, and that things happen to her that have happened to me, but she, unlike me, having been created, is who she is and will remain so, unchanged now. I make no attempt to create “documentary.” There is a process of dissociation that takes place when I make a story, I make creative decisions in a fugue state that I could hardly describe to you, but the end result is, I hope, a story with some meaning or resonance, something created, with a beginning, a middle and an end, an encapsulation of feeling and impression, but in no way a documentary of anything other than an “emotional truth.”If I told most interviewers that my work is “true” and that it is based on real events that occurred in my life, they would more readily accept this than they do the explanation I try to give. Sadly, what they would believe feels to me like a lie and a simplification of a process that is for me as complex and vague as life itself…
Jennifer Donnelly|Haiti is an amazing country. Even though the people there have so little, their attitudes resonate a crazy amount of love and joy. It is truly inspiring to see that. My love for the country starts with them.
Winona LaDuke|We had incense and rock'n'roll posters, and we sold records and rolling papers. People could just, like, hang out. We had a cool vibe going.
John duover, Rites|I've had enough adventures," said Noxon, "to know that boredom is the closest thing to happiness. Boredom means that there's nothing wrong. You're not hungry, you're not in pain. Nobody's making any demands on you. Your mind is free to think whatever you want. The only thing that makes boredom unpleasant is if you're impatient for something else to happen.
Gift Gugu Mona|You will not live the life of royalty, if you don't understand the meaning of loyalty.
Auliq Ice|If we are to know ourselves, philosophy needs to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the sciences of mind.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The morning wind spreads its fresh smell. We must get up and take that in, that wind that lets us live. Breathe before it's gone.
Ellen K. Wookey|It would be ridiculous to hold your breath and blame others for your inability to breathe. In the same sense, it is ridiculous to live an unaligned life and blame God for your misfortune.
Anonymous|When the Lakota chief Red Cloud finally quit fighting the intruders, he reportedly told a white delegation, "We didn't need all this land, and neither did you.
Angela Thirkell, High Rising|Ode to Douglas AdamsIn the solar system we inhabit, we live on a small planet we all call Earth. Okay, when I say small, I mean it’s small compared to say, oh, Jupiter. Earth is something like a dime compared to Jupiter’s beach ball. On this Earth is a fairly large country we all call The United States of America. Of course, when I say fairly large, it’s like the U.S. is a piece of broccoli next to China’s really large cauliflower. Now that I think of it, that may not be a good comparison as it depends on the restaurant you go to. At the place I was at last night it would be a good comparison as the cauliflower was larger than the broccoli. Not that I’d touch either. I had a hamburger with fries and somebody at the next table had those ghastly vegetables.From the Preface to "Sex and the American Male." I was saddened by the passing of Douglas Adams and wrote the preface to sound a little like his "Hitchhiker's..." books and to honor him. I hope he's smiling.
Robert Michael Pyle|They looked so familiar that for a moment Claude feared he had doubled back to Mrs. Merritt's city, until a sudden wave of water blinded his wipers and drove him along with everyone else to the curb, where the crackling radio reported an old man had just now been swept from his backyard by a cloudburst, the latest in a series deluging Tulsa. Clinging there to the side of the hill, no hand brake, Claude rode out the storm, stuffing blankets into the cracks under the doors, watching overhead drips as best he could with the babyseat. When the car next in front crept away from the curb, Claude followed as far as a gas station. There he wondered aloud what lay ahead, but the attendant couldn't say, having swum to work just five minutes ago. Now as Claude pulled away the rain suddenly ceased, it seemed from exhaustion, and for the next hundred miles he spun his dial to catch the latest reports: that old man was still missing, he had last been seen floating downhill toward the river, he had been found, he was dead, he was dying, he was still missing... Claude turned off the radio, for he was beyond range of Tulsa, and Joplin had not heard the news yet. He raced in silence toward the night which he knew already had begun not far ahead.
Frederick Law Olmsted|The carrying power of a bridge is not the average strength of the pillars, but the strength of the weakest pillar. I have always believed that you do not measure the health of a society by GNP but by the condition of its worst off.
David Lynch|If you search and search and stop searching, then ultimately you'll find what you need. It is the experience of living.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|Not marble nor the gilded monumentsOf princes, shall outlive this powerful rhyme,But you shall shine more bright in these contentsThan unswept stone, besmeared with sluttish time.When wasteful war shall statues overturnAnd broils roots out the work of masonry,Nor mars his sword nor war's quick fire shall burnThe living record of your memory.'Gainst death and all-oblivious enmityShall you pace forth; your praise shall still find roomEven in the eyes of all posterityThat wear this world out to the ending doom.So, till judgement that yourself arise,You in this, and dwell in lovers eyes.
A. Saleh|Your love taught me to grieveand I have been needing, for centuriesa woman to make me grievefor a woman, to cry upon her armslike a sparrowfor a woman to gather my pieceslike shards of broken crystal
Rachel Cusk|I can see us there still," he said, "for those were moments so intense that in a way we will be living them always, while other things are completely forgotten. Yet there is no particular story attached to them," he said, "despite their place in the story I have just told you. That time spent swimming in the pool beneath the waterfall belongs nowhere: it is part of no sequence of events, it is only itself, in a way that nothing our life before as a family was ever itself, because it was always leading to the next thing and the next, was always contributing to our story of who we were.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|We love patents, but not unconditionally;We believe in patents, but not mindlessly;We value patents, but not at the cost of our core values; andWe are serious about patents, but saving life always comes first
Lesley Pearse, Georgia| A little girl learns about men through her Father." Sam Cameron
Panic at the Disco, Panic! at the Disco: A Fever You Can't Sweat Out|Don’t make me climb across this desk and slap you, because I will.
Elizabeth Vaughan, Warprize|To be obsessed by the idea of freedom, for instance, is itself a form of slavery. Such people are in the chains of the hope of freedom, and are therefore able to do little else than struggle with them.
Dave Eggers|The Indian business has largely grown on the back of exports. The domestic markets, as far as our Indian business is concerned, actually have contracted because of the contraction in the medium and heavy commercial vehicle space.
Margaret Atwood|If civilization has risen from the Stone Age, it can rise again from the Wastepaper Age.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|As a teenager in Brooklyn Quentin had often imagined himself engaged in martial heroics, but after this he knew, as a cold immutable fact, that he would do anything necessary, sacrificing whatever or whomever he had to, to avoid risking exposure to physical violence. Shame never came into it. He embraced his new identity as a coward. He would run in the other direction. He would lie down and cry and put his arms over his head or play dead. It didn't matter what he had to do, he would do it and be glad.
Debasish Mridha|When the sun goes down, melting away his caresses into the sky which consonants with the ocean, lively colors are scattered through the deep pale depth during some short sensuous instants. Later, as by art of magic, light is consumed into the infinite horizon giving space to the poked voidness and its full-cristal-covered vastness. Then, to mystify the night, a marvelous and alluring sentinel rests next to us through the vivid night, just until the next prismatic fest arrives with its celebrating aperture.
Phillips Brooks|I had my boy in Boston on Easter Sunday. That kills me, from a sports perspective. He's a Boston baby and I'm a New York guy.
Simone de Beauvoir|I’ve done everything I wanted to do, writing books, learning about things, but I’ve been swindled all the same because it’s never anything more.
John Connolly, The Infernals|Regrets, Blacksmith, make poor currency. You can't but back with them what you most desire.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|I am running and singing and when it’s raining I’m the only one left on the open street, smiling with my eyes fixed on the sky because it’s cleaning me. I’m the one on the other side of the party, hearing laughter and the emptying of bottles while I peacefully make my way to the river, a lonely road, following the smell of the ocean. I’m the one waking up at 4am to witness the sunrise, where the sky touches the sea, and I hold my elbows, grasping tight to whatever I’ve made of myself.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|There are a lot of things you can do in space, and space essentially is unlimited resources. We are climbing over ourselves here looking for the next source of energy. The universe has an unlimited source of energy.
Christian Bobin|A writer is anyone who follows only the truth of who they are, without ever relying on anything other than the poverty and solitude of that truth. In this respect, children and women in love are born writers.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Stir the world with your skills, shake the world with your talents, move the world with your brilliance, change the world with your genius.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|How good it is, when you have roast meat or suchlike foods before you, to impress on your mind that this is the dead body of a fish, this the dead body of a bird or pig.
Melody Warnick, This Is Where You Belong: The Art and Science of Loving the Place You Live|I HAVE PLENTYI know what it is to be in need, and I know what it is to have plenty. I have the learned the secret of being content in any and every situation. Whether well fed or hungry , whether living in plenty or in want I.WILL HAVE PLENTY
Sue Monk Kidd, The Mermaid Chair|It doesn’t matter how many times you leave, it will always hurt to come back and remember what you once had and who you once were. Then it will hurt just as much to leave again, and so it goes over and over again. Once you’ve started to leave, you will run your whole life.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|But you're beautiful, and the beautiful should be given whatever they want.""Hey, what about the ugly ones?""The ugly ones." She poked her tongue out. "It's their fault if their ugly. They're to be blamed, not pitied.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever dare dream, must do much activity to realize the dream.
Henry David Thoreau|When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
Joey Lawsin|The happiest people are not those who have the best things, but those who enjoy the life and get the most of it with what they have.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Men will not save women for nothing, but themselves. Women have to save themselves.
Eleanor Catton|A series of books, dilapidated and faded, sit bundled together. Most of the bindings are separating from the yellowed pages, but each is at home in its battered state. Their wrinkled pages and discolored skin tell not of old age, but of a good life. These books, unlike so many others, were not just read, but revisited, loved, and experienced.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Gaston was not only a fierce lover, with endless wisdom and imagination, but he was also, perhaps, the first man in the history of the species who had made an emergency landing and had come close to killing himself and his sweetheart simply to make love in a field of violets.
Kyle  Williams, Tremble the Devil: "the story of terrorism as Jesus Christ, James Bond, and Osama bin Ladin would tell it."|Fundamentally, terrorist conflicts are about breaking the will of the enemy. To do this, one does not need to kill all of the enemy’s personnel or destroy all of its resources. One simply has to destroy the idea that ultimate victory is possible. Victory or defeat then, boils down to a question of psychology.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In her 20′s, a woman’s breasts double her self-esteem. In her 40′s, they halve it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|I had never seen anything like New York, and its newness held the promise of my future: dense with the experience I craved - romantic, urbane, intellectual. Looking back on that moment, I believe I was saved from disappointment by the nature of my "great expectations." I honestly wasn't burdened with conventional notions of finding security and happiness. At that time of my life, even when I was "happy," it wasn't because I expected it. That was for characters less romantic than myself. I didn't expect to be rich, well fed, and kindly treated by all. I wanted to live deeply and fully, to embrace whatever the city held for me.
Steven Wright|I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one.
Keith Kellogg|I know that millions of Americans from all walks of life agree with me that leadership does not mean putting the ear to the ground to follow public opinion, but to have the vision of what is necessary and the courage to make it possible.
Compton Gage|In the new faith, there is only one commandment. It is this commandment, and this commandment alone, that must be followed to end the times of suffering, which are soon to come. FORSAKE USURY.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|I never blindly roamed with a team just for the sake of social labeling or fitting in. I was never part of a particular group, scene or tribe. I was friends with everybody. My best friend in high school was prom queen, yet I was voted the biggest nonconformist of my senior class.
Nikki Rowe|The past will only catch you, if you ran from it to begin with.
Twyla Tharp|Some people ask why people would go into a dark room to be scared. I say they are already scared, and they need to have that fear manipulated and massaged. I think of horror movies as the disturbed dreams of a society.
Clifford Odets|Experiencing those moments of being alone... is a very, very weird flooring and exposing position to be in when you're just not used to it... But I've never been lonely. And with my kids Mia and Joe that remains the case.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|When anyone tells me I can’t do anything, I’m just not listening any more.
Diana DeGette|Our choices are going to determine the future for our children, our children's children, and their children. I take that responsibility very seriously.
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|We can become fearless as we let go off our grasp on the fear of failure, because failure too is a perception rather than a reality.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|The worst fear in the hearings was that you would get some evil interrogator: you could never know what might happen then. No one who lives in a free country will ever understand that kind of fear. What is most horrifying is the realization that you have no idea what can happen, that your life is totally in the hands of someone in the chair in front of you, someone might well be a demon.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Make time to relax, refresh and refocus.
Nelson Mandela|A good head and good heart are always a formidable combination. But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special.
Chelsey Philpot, Even in Paradise|She had willed herself open to him and knew that the chemistry of love was all within her, her doing. Even his power to wound her with neglect was a power she had created and granted ...
John Donne|Tis all in pieces, all coherence gone,All just supply, and all relation;Prince, subject, father, son, are things forgot,For every man alone thinks he hath gotTo be a phoenix, and that then can beNone of that kind, of which he is, but he.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Capricorn|If we stay where we are, where we're stuck, where we're comfortable and safe, we die there. We become like mushrooms, living in the dark, with poop up to our chins. If you want to know only what you already know, you're dying. You're saying: Leave me alone; I don't mind this little rathole. It's warm and dry. Really, it's fine.When nothing new can get in, that's death. When oxygen can't find a way in, you die. But new is scary, and new can be disappointing, and confusing - we had this all figured out, and now we don't.New is life.
Mohith Agadi|If people confess to you their mistakes; Give them a chance, Because you really need those who have learnt what is right.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|I wonder if there is anyone who is not depraved. A wearisome thought.I want money. Unless I have it....In my sleep, a natural death!
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|He couldn't tell if she was checking him out with sexual interest or sizing him up. Did she know who he was? Truly was...Or maybe she just wanted to get to know him. Hell if he knew. It'd been too long since he'd paid attention to a woman and he hated that he couldn't tell if that was feminine interest in her gaze.And now, after two years, his cock decided to wake up.Fuck.
Alison Gopnik|We often assume that all teachers within a discipline address the same curriculum. This isn't always the case. We frequently find gaps between goals and what is actually taught, and these gaps can have a lasting impact on a child's learning.
Indra Nooyi|Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.
Rebecca Gayheart|I was watching 'Mr. Roger's Neighborhood', 'Sesame Street', 'Electric Company', 'Romper Room', and 'Villa Alegre!' when I said to my self, 'Hey, self! Wouldn't it be fun to be one of those kids on the TV?' My mom thought it was a pretty good idea, too... and she instantly moved us from the Bay Area to Malibu... nice.
Willowy Whisper|Don't make a wish you aren't willing to come true. Don't dream a dream you aren't willing to pursue. Don't love a man you can't say, "I do".
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|Good!” the creature echoed. “Doctor Nelson will be along in a minute. Feel like breakfast?”All symbols were in Smith’s vocabulary but he had trouble believing that he had heard rightly. He knew that he was food, but he did not “feel like” food. Nor had he any warning that he might be selected for such honor.
Thomas Merton|I had practiced with the team, and the first scheduled game was with the University of Missouri. They made it quite clear to the Army that they would not play a team with a black player on it. Instead of telling me the truth, the Army gave me leave to go home.
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|I know...and I love you. But I don't think we love each other in the same way. And...I think keeping you near me, would destroy me.
Shannon L. Alder|Truth and facts are woven together. However, sometimes facts can blind you from seeing what is actually going on in someone’s life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every stage of life is unique.At any age and every stage of life there are obstacles and opportunities, trials and triumphs. Never allow the negative bring to you to sudden halt.Make the most of the positive opportunities and stay positive.
Hilari Bell, Crown of Earth|In his opinion, working was vastly overrated. Particularly as a way to build character, for everyone who engaged in it was far too snappish and fussy, and seemed to have no manners at all.
Guy P. Harrison, 50 Simple Questions for Every Christian|I think that in the discussion of natural problems we ought to begin not with the Scriptures, but with experiments and demonstrations.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have never failed, then you have not known life.
Cherry Adair, Kiss and Tell|He ran his thumb over my lower lip, sending a flurry of sparks through me. "Good-bye, Sophie." -Cal
Jody Williams|If I'm in work mode and going to meetings, I'll make an effort and dress up, but when I'm at home or just chilling, I'm in beanies and jeans and sneakers.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Stress can also lead to poor posture because it causes you to breathe more shallowly, which leads to slumping.
Theodore Gericault|I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Look, I say. You can't just let your thoughts float around in the ether and hope eventually they'll connect with something. It's absurd.No, it's not, Gil says. Lots of good things happen that way. Penicillin. Teflon. Smart dust. Something happens that you weren't expecting and it shifts the outcome completely. You have to be open to it. When I open my brain, I tell him, things bounce around and fall out. They don't connect with anything. Maybe I haven't got enough points of reference stored up yet.You're young, he says, that's probably it. When I let my thoughts float around, I trust that they'll latch on to something useful in the end or make an association I wouldn't necessarily have predicted. I'm trusting that they'll find the right thought to complete, all by themselves. The right bit of fact to ping. You have to trust your brain sometimes.
James Howe, The Misfits|Kids who get called the worst names oftentimes find each other. That's how it was with us. Skeezie, Tookis and Addie Carle and Joe Bunch and me. We call ourselves the Gang of Five, but there are only four of us. We do it to keep people on their toes. Make 'em wonder. Or maybe we do it because we figure that there's one more kid out there who's going to need a gang to be part of. A misfit,like us.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|You have two eyes, and two ears, but only one mouth. This is so because you are supposed to look and listen more than you talk.
Lavie Tidhar, Osama|You would measure time the measureless and the immeasurable.You would adjust your conduct and even direct the course of your spirit according to hours and seasons.Of time you would make a stream upon whose bank you would sit and watch its flowing.Yet the timeless in you is aware of life's timelessness,And knows that yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.And that that which sings and contemplates in you is still dwelling within the bounds of that first moment which scattered the stars into space.Who among you does not feel that his power to love is boundless?And yet who does not feel that very love, though boundless, encompassed within the centre of his being, and moving not from love thought to love thought, nor from love deeds to other love deeds?And is not time even as love is, undivided and spaceless?But if in your thought you must measure time into seasons, let each season encircle all the other seasons,And let today embrace the past with remembrance and the future with longing.
Miles  Cameron, The Fell Sword|Profound silence would brood over the valley, even weighing down our spirits with indefinable heaviness. There can be no other place in the world where man feels himself so alone, so isolated, so completely ignored by nature, so incapable of entering into communion with her
Rebecca Wells, Little Altars Everywhere|There is the truth of history, and there is the truth of what a person remembers. As {she} sat at the edge of {the lake}, memory blossoms floated unbounded, as though breathed, no words spoken. Like birds that fly across national borders, between countries at war at each other.
Gloria Steinem, The Vagina Monologues|In the 1970s, while researching in the Library of Congress, I found an obscure history of religious architecture that assumed a fact as if it were common knowledge: the traditional design of most patriarchal buildings of worship imitates the female body. Thus, there is an outer and inner entrance, labia majora and labia minora; a central vaginal aisle toward the altar; two curved ovarian structures on either side; and then in the sacred center, the altar or womb, where the miracle takes place - where males gives birth.Though this comparison was new to to me, it struck home like a rock down a well. Of course, I thought. The central ceremony of patriarchal religions is one in which men take over the yoni-power of creation by giving birth symbolically. No wonder male religious leaders so often say that humans were born in sin - because we were born to female creatures. Only by obeying the rules of the patriarchy can we be reborn through men. No wonder priests and ministers in skirts sprinkle imitation birth fluid over our heads, give us new names, and promise rebirth into everlasting life. No wonder the male priesthood tries to keep women away from the altar, just as women are kept away from control of our own powers of reproduction. Symbolic or real, it's all devoted to controlling the power that resides in the female body.
Benny Bellamacina|If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Heretic: Why Islam Needs a Reformation Now|Islam is not unusual in having a tradition of martyrs. What is unique to Islam is the tradition of murderous martyrdom, in which the individual martyr simultaneously commits suicide and kills others for religious reasons.
Pooja Hegde|I feel most alive, most electric with faith, breath, and courage, when I think of God as a current that runs through all that is. Not by will or by choice. Not as a benediction but because there are laws even God must obey.
Debasish Mridha|Let love, joy, peace, and hope be the guiding lights of your life today, tomorrow, and forever.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|I couldn't understand how boldness and sorrow, how you're so hard and do you really care for me? could be so thoroughly bound together. Nor could I begin to fathom how someone so seemingly vulnerable, hesitant, and eager to confide so many uncertainties about herself could, with one and the same gesture, reach into my pants with unabashed recklessness and hold on to my cock and squeeze it.
Chris Fabry, Not in the Heart|Not one of the three black deaf-mutes who come here every day owns a dog. They sit under the fragrant decay of the big mossy oak speaking with their eyes and hands. They love dogs so much they vibrate, but, like me, they can't bear to own one. Anyone who's ever owned one knows what owning love means.
Walter Moers, The City of Dreaming Books|There were adventure stories supplied with cloths for mopping your brow, thrillers containing pressed leaves of soothing valerian to be sniffed when the suspense became too great, and books with stout locks sealed by the Atlantean censorship authorities ("Sale permitted, reading prohibited!"). One shop sold nothing but 'half' works that broke off in the middle because their author had died while writing them; another specialised in novels whose protagonists were insects. I also saw a Wolperting shop that sold nothing but books on chess and another patronised exclusively by dwarfs with blond beards, all of whom wore eye-shades.
Diane von Furstenberg|That's just tragic, that you can spend four years of your life studying the design of three dimensional objects and not make one.
Michael Graves|If I have a style, I am not aware of it.
Joseph Langford|Who are you that men should rend their bosom and unveil their pride, that you may see their worth naked and their pride unabashed?See first that you yourself deserve to be a giver, and an instrument of giving.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|A storyteller, a displaced poet, will absorb reading differently.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|I'm no one's pet, and I intend to be an independent voice in the U.S. Senate.
Gustave Flaubert|Bye-bye. Nice knowing you. But if you are waiting for that perfect idea to strike like lightning during a dust storm (I live in New Mexico), you could be waiting a long time. Ideas are everywhere. EVERYWHERE. I can’t walk to the bathroom without being hit with another idea. It’s what you DO with that idea that matters. Here is your mantra: BICHOK, BICHOK, BICHOKTranslation: Butt in chair, hands on keys. Just write. Every stinking day.
Sunday Adelaja|Learn in good time to recognize disillusionment, so as to continue living your life according to the will of the Lord
Golda Meir|Every time you step on the football field in between those lines you're putting your life, your career, every single ligament in your body in jeopardy.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|When you stop making excuses, you start making progress!
Chandan Sharma|We create words, words create wonders.
Alec  Ross|If Paul Revere had been a modern day citizen, he wouldn't have ridden down Main Street. He would have tweeted.
David Brazzeal, Pray Like a Gourmet: Creative Ways to Feed Your Soul|When we create an environment where our spirit is in sync with the Divine Spirit, then we should be on the lookout for good, positive, helpful thoughts and ideas from a source beyond ourselves. p23.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|But suppose your dæmon settles in a shape you don't like?Well, then, you're discontented, en't you? There's plenty of folk as'd like to have a lion as a dæmon and they end up with a poodle. And till they learn to be satisfied with what they are, they're going to be fretful about it. Waste of feeling, that is.But it didn't seem to Lyra that she would ever grow up.
Rupali Desai|Not only the footwear, wear also the courtesy, respect, and gratitude in your heart while stepping out of home.
Deyth Banger|....Oh, what???.... Can you repeat... okay... I will say I'm against every your though (What can yo do about that?) (Oh, oh you poor little kid, oh, oh you poor little man you can't do anything here is the story)...Once upon a time there was two women and one man,... they weren't let to go outside... they both were married to the same man... it was said to them "If They go outside they won't come back", but the truth was who goes outside he will be slaughtered, every finger one by one will be cutted, then little pushing inside a knife in the body, a lot of blood goes outside in the same time the other woman also get punished if the one get's. She is punished to drink the other woman blood, when this process is going again and again the man removes the clothes and he start jerk off on their faces..., (Yeah I know you will try to kill him, but you can't), you are bound with metal and rope handcuffs your legs and your arms. On your head you have a mask, if you move it detectes and it explodes when it explodes your face goes ugly from ugly you goes disable you are dead because this mask kills the brain... The other woman is next to a trap which detectes if she goes out of one zone, it goes like this if there is so much pressure it won't happen this, but if there isn't it goes very bad... The man is above few meters and he jerkoff on their faces and he does what he wants... and so on and so on... YOu can't change it, once you are the killer (Very bad for you, ...man), once you are the victim wow that's very bad I few awful if I was a victim somebody will jerk off on my face and I'm not a gay....! If this happen remind me to kill my self, I can't live with the thought that I'm a gay...
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Take notice of what thoughts you choose to fill your mind with each day. Our thoughts draw to us whatever is dominating our mind, so always keep what you are thinking about in check.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|Sincerity and gravity, in Magnus's opinion, were highly overrated, as was being forced to relive unpleasant memories. He would much rather be amused and amusing.
The Economist|A lot of the people who read a bestselling novel, for example, do not read much other fiction. By contrast, the audience for an obscure novel is largely composed of people who read a lot. That means the least popular books are judged by people who have the highest standards, while the most popular are judged by people who literally do not know any better. An American who read just one book this year was disproportionately likely to have read ‘The Lost Symbol’, by Dan Brown. He almost certainly liked it.
Meshack Asare|If you think of religion as something that offers a picture of something more grand than us, reading does the same thing. Reading enables us to lift ourselves from our current situation to something higher – and better. It expands one’s own imagination.
Evelyn Waugh, Black Mischief|Why, on to the castle, to kill the royal family, and claim the throne that isn't mine by right!
Frederick Weisel, Teller|What spares us is memory,” he said. “It’s what makes us worth saving. However low we sink, whatever promise we no longer fulfill, we tell our stories. That’s why you’re so important, Charlie. You’re a guardian of our national memory.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|the book is like the spoon, scissors, the hammer, the wheel. once invented, it cannot be improved
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|Never be daunted in public' was an early Hemingway phrase that had more than once bolstered me in my timid twenties. I changed it resolutely to 'Never be daunted in private'.- M.F.K. Fisher "A Is for Dining Alone
Nazareth Bergeron, Dear Johnny - A Gen-Ex Love Story|When I first saw you, you were like . . . ' He shakes his head, tugs gently on my hair. 'A rainbow. I always knew you came with a storm.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|Thinking about spaghetti that boils eternally but is never done is a sad, sad thing.
Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour|The sense of tragedy - according to Aristotle - comes, ironically enough, not from the protagonist's weak points but from his good qualities. Do you know what I'm getting at? People are drawn deeper into tragedy not by their defects but by their virtues. Sophocles’ Oedipus Rex being a great example. Oedipus is drawn into tragedy not because of laziness or stupidity, but because of his courage and honesty. So an inevitable irony results....[But] we accept irony through a device called metaphor. And through that we grow and become deeper human beings.
Cobi Jones|The bowlers I respected or feared or rated were not the ones who gave me lip or stared at me or abused me. More the ones who, at any stage of the game, when had they had the ball in hand, they were going to be at me, and they were going to have the skill and the fitness and the ability to be aggressive.
Clayton M. Christensen, How Will You Measure Your Life?|We should always remember that beyond a certain point, hygiene factors such as money, status, compensation, and job security are much more a by-product of being happy with a job rather than the cause of it.
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|Imagine that you are more than nothing. Evil made you, but you are no more evil than a child unborn. If you want, if you seek, if you hope, who is to say that your hope might not be answered?
Shilpa Menon|Most scars are destined long before they are experienced. Healing is however, a choice,
Mereda Hart Farynyk, Daughter of the Rain|It felt natural, somehow, to be beside him—natural and reassuring—like coming home after a long journey to finally sleep in your own bed.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our emotions can lie to us, and we need to counter our emotions with truth.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|You must try to forget all you have learned,' said the old man. 'You must begin to dream. From this time on you must shut your ears to the roaring of the voices.
Courtney Eaton|I'm such a fitness freak that I eat so plain, it's gross. I have oatmeal in the morning and then I have chicken breasts and vegetables and spinach shakes.
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|Love is the strongest force in the world, and when it is blocked that means pain.
Jim Fannin|The champion wins first, then walks into the arena. Everybody else walks into the arena and then tries to figure out what to do.
Karen Robards|The best thing about doing those Hallmark movies is my dad loves them. My dad watches all of those Christmas movies, not just ones I'm in. He watches them all, so the first one I did, it was like my Christmas present to my dad.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Pirates of Bollywood|I came, I saw, I copied, and I left
Sade Andria Zabala, Coffee and Cigarettes|Tell me every terrible thing you ever did, and let me love you anyway.
J.R. Rim|She had not given me the cross to keep the bad men away, as a child might have been expected to do. No, in her mind the bad men could not be kept away. They were coming, and they would have to be faced.
Joel Levinson|If your brain is working, you always have no time.
Herbert Marcuse|...if George Washington founded the nation, John Marshall defined it.
Juan Pablo Galavis|No one can make you happy. No one can help you grow in life more than you can. I can love you to death, but I can only go so far. I can inspire and encourage you as much as I can, but when you play an active role to find that self-security and that self-worth, it makes the difference.
Dabney Coleman|The thing that makes 'Dirty Jobs' different is that it's one of the few shows that portrays work in a way that doesn't highlight the drudgery. Instead, it highlights the humor.
Abdul Sattar Edhi|When you stop living for luxuries, you understand the real meaning of life.
Anthony Liccione|Before she cut her birthday cake, she cast a wish, then blew the candles out from his eyes.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|It's not reasonable to love people who are only going to die," she said.Nash thought about that for a moment, stroking Small's neck with great deliberation, as if the fate of the Dells depended on that smooth, careful movement."I have two responses to that," he said finally. "First, everyone's going to die. Second, love is stupid. It has nothing to do with reason. You love whomever you love. Against all reasons I loved my father." He looked at her keenly. "Did you love yours?""Yes," she whispered.He stroked Small's nose. "I love you," he said, "even knowing you'll never have me. And I love my brother, more than I ever realized before you came along. You can't help whom you love, Lady. Nor can you know what it's liable to cause you to do."She made a connection then. Surprised she sat back from him and studied his face, soft with shadows and light. She saw a part of him she hadn't seen before."You came to me for lessons to guard your mind," she said, "and you stopped asking me to marry you, both at the same time. You did those things out of love for your brother.""Well" he said, looking a bit sheepishly at the floor. "I also took a few swings at him, but that's neither here nor there.""You're good at love," she said simply, because it seemed to her that it was true. "I'm not so good at love. I'm like a barbed creature. I push everyone I love away."He shrugged. "I don't mind you pushing me away if it means you love me, little sister.
Ken Poirot|People spend their entire lives searching the world for the pieces that will make them whole, yet those pieces are only found within them.
A.L.  Wilson, Isle of Illusions|Both Lorenz’s eyebrows climbed up his forehead. “The island? Are ju suggesting that the island is alive?” The vampire shrugged. “I don’t know. I do feel something here. It’s almost like a vampire presence but something else as well. It’s not something I’m used to. It’s very strange. Honestly, I do feel as if this island is alive.
R. Alan Woods, Apologia: A Collection of Christian Essays|Watch other people for clues about who they are, not just clues about how much they are or are not like you.
Crissi Langwell, The Road to Hope|Shhh,” Mr. Winston whispered into her hair. “It’s going to be okay. It’s going to be okay.” He said it over and over again, just as the boy had done when she was at her most helpless. He rocked her with each stanza of the hypnotic prayer, and she melted into his arms, letting him be her strength as she cried into his chest.“I couldn’t keep her,” she finally mustered, wiping her nose against his scratchy flannel. “Shhh…” he repeated. He kissed the top of her head and then stood. With surprising strength, the elderly man lifted her as if she weighed nothing, bringing her to the car. He opened the car door with one hand, sat her in the front seat, and then buckled her in like she was a child. Exhausted, Maddie didn’t fight him or try to do it on her own. She needed someone else to be in charge for a while. She needed to be taken care of.
W.B. Yeats|Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
V.V. Rao|The Marquis de V... - whose falsetto voice and little watery eyes I have always detested - was saying to me with a wicked smile: 'Then again, the master gymnast might break his neck at any moment. What he is doing now is very dangerous, my dear, and the pleasure you take in his performance is the little frisson that danger affords you. Wouldn't it be thrilling, if his sweaty hand failed to grip the bar? The velocity acquired by his rotation about the bar would break his spine quite cleanly, and perhaps a little of the cervical matter might spurt out as far as this! It would be most sensational, and you would have a rare emotion to add to the field of your experience - for you collect emotions, don't you? What a pretty stew of terrors that man in tights stirs up in us!'Admit that you almost wish that he will fall! Me too. Many others in the auditorium are in the same state of attention and anguish. That is the horrible instinct of a crowd confronted with a spectacle which awakens in it the ideas of lust and death. Those two agreeable companions always travel together! Take it from me that at the very same moment - see, the man is now holding on to the bar by his fingertips alone - at the very same moment, a good number of the women in these boxes are ardently lusting after that man, not so much for his beauty as for the danger he courts.'The voice subtly changed its tone, suddenly becoming more interested. 'You have singularly pale eyes this evening, my dear Freneuse. You ought to give up bromides and take valerian instead. You have a charming and curious soul, but you must take command of its changes. You are too ardently and too obviously covetous, this evening, of the death - or at least the fall - of that man.'I did not reply. The Marquis de V... was quite right. The madness of murder had taken hold of me again; the spectacle had me in its hallucinatory grip. Straitened by a penetrating and delirious anguish, I yearned for that man to fall.There are appalling depths of cruelty within me.
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|I wish I could," laughed the vampire. "How positively delightful. I should like to pass through all manner of different keyholes and feel the tickle of their peculiar shapes. No." He shook his head. "That is, how would you say today . . . bullshit?
Deyth Banger|Save your ass, give my ass.... what a friend you are...
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Don't stop there. I suppose there are also, what, vampires and werewolves and zombies?""Of course there are. Although you mostly find zombies farther south, where the voudun priests are.""What about mummies? Do they only hang around Egypt?""Don't be ridiculous. No one believes in mummies.
Hassan Nasrallah|To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring - it was peace.
Hollis Seamon, Somebody Up There Hates You|Solomon breathed a sigh of relief ever so slightly, thankful that the cricket had not been eaten. Not that he was concerned for the cricket being eaten. No, he was simply relieved that the voice in the closet, which could be a monster, had not eaten it. If the voice had eaten the cricket, that meant that he was a monster that eats things in the night, and Solomon too could be eaten. Being eaten by a closet monster was perhaps the scariest thing that could happen to an elephant, not to mention a cricket, as far as Solomon was concerned.
Md. Ziaul Haque|Humans want peace, not war. But, sometimes war is needed to establish peace!
Os Guinness|Lightning strikes the earth and thunder heralds the doom but the earth bears it all in silence, teaching us that life may be harsh to us but we shouldn't be so to life.
Eleanor Roosevelt, The Wisdom of Eleanor Roosevelt|No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war.
Bobby Sands|Free people, remember this maxim: we may acquire liberty, but it is never recovered if it is once lost.
Kris Kristofferson|I do believe at the end of the night when you're with your family, the character gets hung up on the door like a coat, and is there to be taken on the next morning.
Abraham M. Alghanem, Summer and Autumn|I think that once you have a fair idea where you want to go, your first move will be to apply yourself in school.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|The beginning seems bitter to you, but the end is sweeter for you. However, you can’t get through to the end without having a beginning. You must begin by all means.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.
Charles Bukowski|Some people never go crazy. Me, sometimes I'll lie down behind the couch for 3 or 4 days. They'll find me there. It's Cherub, they'll say, and they pour wine down my throat rub my chest sprinkle me with oils. Then, I'll rise with a roar, rant, rage - curse them and the universe as I send them scattering over the lawn. I'll feel much better, sit down to toast and eggs, hum a little tune, Suddenly become as lovable as a pink overfed whale. Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Ash Gray, The Infinite Athenaeum|While her high cheekbones and sensual mouth added to her beauty, it was her eyes that caught him. They looked at the world as if it were a large sandbox waiting to expose its treasures.
Arthur Schopenhauer|What is more, in fact, we very soon look upon the world as something whose non-existence is not only conceivable, but even preferable to its existence. Therefore our astonishment at it easily passes into a brooding over that *fatality* which could nevertheless bring about its existence, and by virtue of which such an immense force as is demanded for the production and maintenance of such a world could be directed so much against its own interest and advantage."―from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Payne. In Two Volumes, Volume II, p. 171
Hansika Motwani|Smile. It instantly lifts the face, and it just lights up the room.
William Shakespeare|Kiss me"“You’re a fucking nightmare.”“Kiss me.”“You’re ruining my life.”“Kiss me, Jethro. Kiss me.
Jay Woodman|There are many, many, many worlds branching out at each moment you become aware of your environment and then make a choice.
Patricia Polacco|Learning how to deal with people and their reactions to my life is one of the most challenging things... people staring at me, people asking rude questions, dealing with media, stuff like that.
Ben Michaelis|If everybody likes you, you are doing it wrong.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|The entire contradictory package of Christianity was present in the Eucharist. A sign of unconditional acceptance and forgiveness, it was doled out and rationed to insiders; a sign of unity, it divided people; a sign of the most common and ordinary human reality, it was rarefied and theorized nearly to death.
Tamara L. Chilver|Homeschooling is not head-to-head, it's heart-to-heart.
Hannah Hart|Nobody is wired wrong, because there’s no wrong and right in the way we are.
Kristie LeVangie|All of a sudden, in the good-natured child, the woman stood revealed, a disturbing woman with all the impulsive madness of her sex, opening the gates of the unknown world of desire. Nana was still smiling, but with the deadly smile of a man-eater.
David Mixner|We expect our leaders to be godlike. But I feel that when people try to sanctify leadership, it puts it out of the realm of regular people. And that's where the greatest leaders come from - from the people.
Sherry Lansing|Certainly this is a duty  not a sin. "Cleanliness is indeed next to godliness."
G.S. Jennsen, Starshine: Aurora Rising Book One|Shining with craving, his emerald gaze penetrated her soul. "I desire you so much". His whisper melted her heart. His soft touch set her ablaze.
Ron Paul|You have to remember, rights don't come in groups we shouldn't have 'gay rights'; rights come as individuals, and we wouldn't have this major debate going on. It would be behavior that would count, not what person belongs to what group.
Arthur Conan Doyle|Why should you go further in it? What have you to gain from it?''What, indeed? It is art for art's sake, Watson. I suppose when you doctored, you found yourself studying cases without thought of a fee?''For my education, Holmes.''Education never ends, Watson. It is a series of lessons with the greatest for the last.
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|I didn't have a drill, so I had to make my own. First I heated a long nail in the fire, then drove it through a half a maize cob, creating a handle. I placed the nail back on the coals until it became red hot, then used it to bore holes into both sets of plastic blades.
Gail Carriger, Blameless|I mean to say, really, I am near to developing a neurosis - is there anyone around who doesn't want to study or kill me?"Floote raised a tentative hand."Ah, yes, thank you, Floote.""There is also Mrs Tunstell, madam," he offered hopefully, is if Ivy were some kind of consolation prize."I notice you don't mention my fair-weather husband.""I suspect, at this moment, madam, he probably wants to kill you."Alexia couldn't help smiling. "Good point.
Eileen Myles|In Arlington, people would laugh at you if you tried to get people to look at your drawings or listen to your poetry. It was like you thought you were special.
Eldonna Edwards, Lost in Transplantation: Memoir of an Unconventional Organ Donor|I was struck - not for the first time in my years of travel - by how isolating contemporary American society can seem by comparison. Where I came from, we have shriveled down the notion of what constitutes 'a family unit' to such a tiny scale that it would probably be unrecognizable as a family to anybody in one of these big, loose, enveloping Hmong clans. You almost need an electron microscope to study the modern Western family these days.
Joss Whedon|I have witnessed how the power of listening, storytelling and embracing gray areas breaks through the rigid 'us vs. them.
Tom Petty|Teach love, generosity, good manners and some of that will drift from the classroom to the home and who knows, the children will be educating the parents.
G. Norman Lippert, James Potter and the Hall of Elders' Crossing|Did you see the way he glared at me? It wasn’t with daggers, Cait, it was fists. That fine piece of man-meat has staked a claim on you and he’s going to pummel anyone who stands in his way, including my gay ass. My face can’t handle that. After tonight, you’re on your own.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Your love is as stable as you are: It's not about how good a person makes you feel, but rather what good you can do for them.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|...You have knowledge, and I have skill, and between us we have...""We have the Ring of Erreth-Akbe.""Yes, that. But I thought also of another thing between us. Call it trust... That is one of its names. It is a very great thing. Though each of us alone is weak, having that we are strong, stronger than the Powers of the Dark.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|It is a small world. You do not have to live in it particularly long to learn that for yourself. There is a theory that, in the whole world, there are only five hundred real people (the cast, as it were; all the rest of the people in the world, the theory suggests, are extras) and what is more, they all know each other. And it's true, or true as far as it goes. In reality the world is made of thousands upon thousands of groups of about five hundred people, all of whom will spend their lives bumping into each other, trying to avoid each other, and discovering each other in the same unlikely teashop in Vancouver. There is an unavoidability to this process. It's not even coincidence. It's just the way the world works, with no regard for individuals or for propriety.
Jane Goodall|I do have hope. Nature is enormously resilient, humans are vastly intelligent, the energy and enthusiasm that can be kindled among young people seems without limit, and he human spirit is indomitable. But if we want life, we will have to stop depending on someone else to save the world. It is up to us-you and me, all of us. Myself, I have placed my faith in the children.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If you can feel the future, then you are about to experience it.
C.S. Lewis, Letters of C. S. Lewis|In other words, I have tried to learn in my writing a monastic lesson I could probably not have learned otherwise: to let go of my idea of myself, to take myself with more than one grain of salt... In religious terms, this is simply a matter of accepting life, and everything in life as a gift, and clinging to none of it, as far as you are able. You give some of it to others, if you can. Yet one should be able to share things with others without bothering too much about how they like it, either, or how they accept it. Assume they will accept it, if they need it. And if they don’t need it, why should they accept it? That is their business. Let me accept what is mine and give them all their share, and go my way.
Bianca Sommerland, Defensive Zone|This is the owner of Dark Haven. Master Xavier. Call him ‘my liege.’”Xavier sighed. He had no idea who’d first given him that title, but the submissives took such delight in it, he’d allowed it to continue.
N. E. Conneely, Witch for Hire|Simple spells were light and fun, like a good joke. This spell was as simple as a symphony and as splendid. After adding the last runes, I swirled power through the old spells ensuring they merged with the new spells. The entire castle of spells flexed with the added power, my sign to retreat and hope it worked. Watching the spells bend and move was captivating. One moment they were crawling over each other looking for structure and the next they'd formed a fortress of magic seeking targets, calling them home...."Jones?""Right behind you." He walked around to my left. "How'd it go?""Good. Really good.""I can tell. You're glowing."I thought he was joking until I glanced at my hand. I had to look like a giant firefly. "Narselfart!" He laughed. "Don't worry about it. It's kinda' cute. Besides, those boys" - he jerked his head to indicate the younger cops - "aren't ever going to forget this power show.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It is your life, enthusiastically accept the challenge.
Ian McDonald, King of Morning, Queen of Day|A CITY IS AS much a state of mind as a place—a set of perceptions of place. On the last train home to Mullaghbrack or Gortyfarnham or half a hundred other BallyBogMans, two farmers fall to reviewing their experiences of the big city. One has walked the streets and avenues and come away with memories of glistening steeples and dreaming spires, monuments to men of bearing and import, Palladian porticos and grand civic cupolas, pillars, piers, and palisades, and the air full of singing birds. The other has walked the same streets, yet his memories are of grey brick tenements shouldering against each other like nervous thugs; cracked fanlights, windows boarded over with card, baby carriages full of coal or potatoes, tramps in doorways, cabbage leaves underfoot, the perfume of urine and porter, pressing people with voices like flatirons. They might have visited cities continents apart, but it is the same city.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Consistently rated the most peaceable of all countries in the world by the Global Peace Index, Iceland has reduced its military expenditure to zero, has no armed forces, and has reduced the inequality gap between rich and poor.
Rachel Cohn, Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List|Friendship is love as much as any romance. And like any love, it’s difficult and treacherous and confusing. But in the moment when your knees touch, there’s nothing else you could ever want.
Kate Levinson, Emotional Currency: A Woman's Guide to Building a Healthy Relationship with Money|The secret of our emotions never lies in the bare object, but in its subtle relations to our own past.
Olivia Wilde|In my film 'Queen', there was a funny moment with the bra. My director called and said they are blurring the bra. They said it is vulgar. Our director was furious about it. We are artistes... We see props as they are. A woman's bra is not a danger to the society.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Blind-believers and staunch atheists have the same god - namely, a self-deluded, one's own shadow's bot.
Savan Solanki|It will, It had, It is happening, depending on how you think and react about it.
R.M. Hare, The Language of Morals|For preference utilitarians, taking the life of a person will normally be worse than taking the life of some other being, because persons are highly future-oriented in their preferences. To kill a person is therefore, normally, to violate not just one but a wide range of the most central and significant preferences a being can have. Very often, it will make nonsense of everything that the victim has been trying to do in the past days, months or even years. In contrast, beings that cannot see themselves as entities with a future do not have any preferences about their own future existence. This is not to deny that such beings might struggle against a situation in which their lives are in danger, as a fish struggles to get free of the barbed hook in its mouth; but this indicates no more than a preference for the cessation of a state of affairs that causes pain or fear. The behaviour of a fish on a hook suggests a reason for not killing fish by that method but does not in itself suggest a preference utilitarian reason against killing fish by a method that brings about death instantly, without first causing pain or distress. Struggles against danger and pain do not suggest that fish are capable of preferring their own future existence to non-existence.
Aniruddha Sastikar|For all the enlightened nations that profess a loyalty to liberty, democracy, economy and all the rest, there has long been a readiness to look for a chosen one; as Carlyle pointed out, even the French, those great anti-venerators, those relentless beheaders of Great Men, worshipped Voltaire.
Ethel Merman|Having a child makes you realize the importance of life - narcissism goes out the window. Heaven on earth is looking at my little boy. The minute he was born, I knew if I never did anything other than being a mom, I'd be fine.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|There is no better way to find out the true heart, honor, and professionalism of a person, than seeing how they handle themselves and others when facing a crisis, disaster or intense level of pressure.
Mehmet Murat ildan|But people as a rule believe only what they want to believe, and if you tell them anything else they'll call you a trouble-maker and get rid of you and never give you your job back, even if what you said is proved spot on right by time.
Katherine Catmull, Summer and Bird|A nursery rhyme shapes your bones and nerves, and it shapes your mind. They are powerful, nursery rhymes, and immensely old, and not toys, even though they are for children." "But they make no sense!" Summer protested "Ah, well," said Ben. "Sometimes sense hides behind walls. You must find a window and stick your head right in before you can see it.
Maimonides|For the elements have the property of moving back to their place in a straight line, but they have no properties which would cause them to remain where they are, or to move other-wise than in a straight line, These rectilinear motions of these four elements when returning to their original place are are of two kinds, either centrifugal,vziz.>the motion of the air and the fire; or centripedal,viz.> the motion of the earth, and the water; and when the elements have reached their original place, they remain at rest.
William Shakespeare|But Kate, dost thou understand thus much English? Canst thou love me?"Catherine: "I cannot tell."Henry: "Can any of your neighbours tell, Kate? I'll ask them.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|Last Friday in the music room, every word I said felt like I was taking a knife to my own skin, cutting so deep that I thought I would never know how to not feel pain again,” he said, his voice remarkably calm for such a strong statement. “The worst of it was knowing that in fighting us being together, I was still causing you pain. I can’t do it anymore.” He stood still, focused intensely on me. “Do you believe that we have the ability to change destiny?
Lord Dunsany, The King of Elfland's Daughter|And then he went in the evening up to the nursery and told the boy how his mother was gone for a while to Elfland, to her father's palace (which may only be told of in song). And, unheeding any words of Orion then, he held on with the brief tale that he had come to tell, and told how Elfland was gone."But that cannot be," said Orion, "for I hear the horns of Elfland every day.""You can hear them?" Alveric said.And the boy replied, "I hear them blowing at evening.
Carole King|Although most executives pay lip service to the idea of hiring for cultural fit, few have the courage or discipline to make it the primary criteria for bringing someone into the company.
Robert M. Pirsig|Americans deserve an attorney general that will be honest with them, they deserve an attorney general who will uphold the basic standards of political independence and accountability.
Bindu Adai, The Chrysalis: A Novel|I am digging the grave of love , skeleton not found till now , Just the rotten smell . R v sure it exists ?
Helen  Bell, Restoring the Light: Book 2 of the Ilmaen Quartet|Renia, tell me: does the thought of dying scare you?’He asked softly, and with such concern in his voice, that it all welled up in her at once and caught her by surprise.‘Yes.’ Her voice broke, and the tears came. She could not stop them. ‘Is that what I must do, to save them?
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|As he read, I feel in love the way you fall asleep: slow, and then all at once.
Dina Kucera, Everything I Never Wanted to Be|Even as I'm shoveling up my hooter, I realize the sad truth. Coke bores me, It bores us all. We're jaded cunts, in a scene we hate, a city we hate, pretending that we're at the center of the universe, trashing ourselves with crap drugs to stave off the feeling that real life is happening somewhere else, aware that all we're doing is feeding that paranoia and disenchantment, yet somehow we're too apathetic to stop. Cause, sadly, there's nothing else of interest to stop for.
Cybill Cain, Escape|When he put his arms around me, and held me to his chest, everything in me settled. When he spoke into my ear, it all came loose again, as if his words evaporated the gravity of my mind.
Karl Marx|Observation is a passive science, experimentation an active science.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I don't have time, energy, or interest in hating the haters; I'm too busy loving the lovers.
Michael Jordan|We do not want riches, we want peace and love.
J.I. Packer, 18 Words: The Most Important Words You Will Ever Know|The camera has always been a guide, and it's allowed me to see things and focus on things that maybe an average person wouldn't even notice.
Ueda Akinari, Tales of Moonlight and Rain|In friendship, bond not with a shallow man.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 2|Draw: For the most part, a draw occurs when it appears that neither side will win.
Frank Press|What I try to do is factor in how people use computers, what people's problems are, and how these technologies can get applied to those problems. Then I try to direct the various product groups to act on this information.
Li Zhi Fang|A great idea can change the world; but to change the universe, men need even much greater ideas!
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Church was doing what he often did when dropped - lying on his back with all four legs in the air, pretending to be dead in order to induce guilt in his owners.
Michael Crichton, Prey|Considering that we live in an era of evolutionary everything---evolutionary biology, evolutionary medicine, evolutionary ecology, evolutionary psychology, evolutionary economics, evolutionary computing---it was surprising how rarely people thought in evolutionary terms. It was a human blind spot. We look at the world around us as a snapshot when it was really a movie, constantly changing.
Tony Gloeggler|Even if the decisions one made on a given day seemed crazy, it helped to think that all things happened for a mysterious reason.
Jerald Simon, Perceptions, Parables, and Pointers|Immerse yourself in good books. Read one to two hours per week if you can, more if time permits. Become acquainted with the literary classics. Read as much as you can on personal improvement (self help), history, people, business, and finances. Study the great works of the philosophers. Study scriptures and read about religions and anything that adds value to religious beliefs. Invest in yourself! Learn as much as you can and become a student of life. You can learn a great deal from the experiences of others, from their great successes and also from their failures. Everything you read becomes part of you. Carefully choose what you read on a daily basis. Be very careful with what you choose to read. The words you choose to read play an important role in your personal development and overall outlook on life. Be open-minded about what you read and often take what you read with a grain of salt. Much of what we read is written through colored lenses and is the summation of someone else’s thought, habit, education, beliefs, and past and present life experiences.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|You don’t learn through sales calls, it’s not customer validation.
Virginia Woolf, A Moment's Liberty: The Shorter Diary|This fiddling and drifting and not impressing oneself upon anything – this always refraining and fingering and cutting things up into little jokes and facetiousness – that's what's so annihilating. Yet given little money, little looks, no special gift – what can one do? How could one battle? How could one leap on the back of life and wring its scruff?
Will Poulter|With high fashion, it's a performance. You're trying to interpret a fantasy in a very physical way, and you really are playing a character. I've played men, dead people, famous people, historical icons, and it's no mean feat. It's quite an insular experience even though the crowd is in front of you and there's an expectation.
Camilla Monk, Spotless|Social media is basically standing at a bucket filled with other people’s vomit and you suck the vomit through a straw, and gag and wince at the unbearable taste of other people’s vomit. Yet strangely we continue to suck through the straw as if we’ve never tasted such lovely vomit. And then before you know it you’re old and you’re grey. And that’s the end of you. A lonely death. Your gravestone is marked with the six saddest words: Social Media Drained My Soul AwayAnd they all mourn your loss at a budget funeral service while updating their social media statuses on mobile phones apps. And in years to come nobody remembers any of your updates; even those updates that you deep-down believed were going to bring about world peace. The Digital Age is more disposable than nappies and just as full of shit.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|There are many roads in this world that will guide you to pleasurable, fun, and exciting destinations that do not end in any form of lasting happiness. So before you step on an enticing path, figure out where it leads.
Lex Luger|I hid the fact that I had an aneurysm for a very long time. I was embarrassed, and I just felt like no one needed to know because it made me look weak. Who would of thought someone my age, at 23, had a brain aneurysm?
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|Fifteen-year-old girls produce children with sixteen-year-old boys in the backseat of cars and in the stairwells of apartment buildings. Why can't two loving adults who have contemplated parenthood and are prepared to offer love, patience, and devotion come up with enough chromosomal matter to stick together and create a child?
Caleb Crain, Necessary Errors|Somehow, the story of the book enhanced the story within it.
Josephine Hart, The truth about love|She's always loved writers, even more than the books I think. They're like personal friends to her.
Sushrut A. Badhe|In order to get over the ethical difficulties presented by the naive naturalism of many parts of those Scriptures, in the divine authority of which he firmly believed, Philo borrowed from the Stoics (who had been in like straits in respect of Greek mythology), that great Excalibur which they had forged with infinite pains and skill—the method of allegorical interpretation. This mighty 'two-handed engine at the door' of the theologian is warranted to make a speedy end of any and every moral or intellectual difficulty, by showing that, taken allegorically or, as it is otherwise said, 'poetically' or, 'in a spiritual sense,' the plainest words mean whatever a pious interpreter desires they should mean.
Michael Goorjian, What Lies Beyond The Stars|You're like a fish. You want to evolve, to climb onto the land, but the ocean won't let go of you so easily. The currents of your past would sooner destroy you than let you go free.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Look at that sea, girls--all silver and shadow and vision of things not seen. We couldn't enjoy its loveliness any more if we had millions of dollars and ropes of diamonds.
Catherine Martin|I'm not looking for anything more than any other guy. I like a good smile. Pretty eyes. She has to be active, like not play-sports active, but she'll play air hockey, do some pool, go for rides on the Santa Monica Pier. I would much rather have fun with her than do the cool thing.
Robert Macfarlane, Landmarks|He said it twice because he had never said it before, and it sounded funny.
Morris Gleitzman|I did telemarketing for years, starting at the age of 16, just selling steak knives to old people. Old people go through a weird amount of steak knives. I also sold straight meat over the telephone.
Janice Jay Relos Eriksen|Look at the fire. See the colors there? Blending together. Beautifully dangerous. Red blending into orange, orange blending into yellow. Beautiful and dangerous. Feel the heat, feel the attraction to it. Let the beauty overcome you. Let the fire in, but never let it take over. Love the fire. Love its heat. Let yourself revel in how the fire's warmth feels on your skin. Feel the fire, love the fire, but don't ever become the fire. Never let anyone extinguish your inner fire. Feed your fire and let it burn bright, let its heat warm your soul.
Avery Flynn, His Undercover Princess|The man had a smart mouth, a hard body, and questionable motives. In short, he was exactly what made her panties melt.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Without my voice and spirit I am dust. This is not what I want, but what I must.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Strategic Spiritual Warfare: Winning Your Battles Within and Without|As Christians, we're supposed to be the salt of the earth, not the filler.
Alejandro Cremades, The Art of Startup Fundraising|Business is still more often about whom you know, not what you know.
Giada De Laurentiis|If I were given a choice between two films and one was dark and explored depraved, troubled or sick aspects of our culture, I would always opt for that over the next romantic comedy.
Bob Black, The Abolition of Work & Other Essays|You are what you do. If you do boring, stupid monotonous work, chances are you'll end up boring, stupid and monotonous. Work is a much better explanation for the creeping cretinization all around us than even such significant moronizing mechanisms as television and education.
Matisyahu|The idea that God's mercy is connected to whether or not I shave is ludicrous, and I need to just trust myself, and that, you know, if I'm deserving of God's mercy, I'll get it, regardless of, you know, my beard.
Jeff Olson|PERFECT VIRTUE PRODUCES NOTHING, because it needs nothing. Production comes out of desire, production comes because you are imperfect. You create something as a substitute because you feel unfulfilled. When you are absolutely fulfilled, why should you create, how can you create? Then you yourself have become the glory of creation, then the inner being itself is so perfect, nothing is needed.PERFECT VIRTUE PRODUCES NOTHING. If the world is virtuous, all utilitarian goals will be lost. If the world is really virtuous there will be play and no production. Then the whole thing will just become a game. You enjoy it, but you don’t need it. A perfect sage is absolutely useless.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|How would you like a friend or loved one talking to you only when they needed something? That’s kind of how most of use prayer or meditation. Since there is ALWAYS something for which to be grateful, how about praying or meditating on that?
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Albert grunted. "Do you know what happens to lads who ask too many questions?"Mort thought for a moment."No," he said eventually, "what?"There was silence.Then Albert straightened up and said, "Damned if I know. Probably they get answers, and serve 'em right.
Andrew Weil|When I went for my medical school interview, I had an old paperback of 'Henderson the Rain King' in the pocket of my coat. I was wearing the best clothes I had - a pair of cords and a sport coat - but when I got to the office, all the other interviewees were lined up in their black suits.
Cat Johnson, One Night with a Cowboy|When a man that attractive licks his lips, a girl's got to look. And imagine...
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|For that reason, let a prince have the credit of conquering and holding his state, the means will always be considered honest, and he will be praised by everybody because the vulgar are always taken by what a thing seems to be and by what comes of it; and in the world there are only the vulgar, for the few find a place there only when the many have no ground to rest on.
Ronald Reagan|Morality is all right, but what about dividends?
Paul Beatty|The enemy has demanded a surrender at discretion otherwise the garrison are to be put to the sword if the fort is taken. I have answered the demand with a cannon shot, and our flag still waves proudly from the walls. I shall never surrender nor retreat.
Christina Aguilera|I put the costume on and said 'It's not very comfortable, but it looks amazing,' so it's all good.
John Dewey|As we have seen there is some kind of continuity in any case since every experience affects for better or worse the attitudes which help decide the quality of further experiences, by setting up certain preference and aversion, and making it easier or harder to act for this or that end.
Kemi Sogunle|At the end of the day, what matters most is not what tore you apart but the love than binds and heals your heart.
Jason Versey|None of us get to choose our race but we all get to choose how we overcome its hurtles. Whether we jump or stumble...what matters most is that we take each moment in stride. Compassion, love, forgiveness and empathy will always win the human race.
Andi Zeisler, We Were Feminists Once: From Riot Grrrl to CoverGirl®, the Buying and Selling of a Political Movement|It's not a crime to offend others; in fact, it's pretty much a natural consequence of having diverse cultures. We live in a world full of people with different backgrounds, interests, and values, and we must learn to accept that there will be clashes. As long as the differences do no harm, we should back off and accept them.
E. Mellyberry, I Won't Break|Falling in love is easy. Staying in love, growing in love is hard.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|... And I wondered if we had disappointed God so much, that he wrote us off as pets, just alive to entertain.
Olivia Munn|The Games are just a nice, positive way to build friendships, camaraderie and, of course, self-esteem. Plus, the Games are a great opportunity for people to participate in sports who normally wouldn't.
George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion|HOSTESS. Oh, nonsense! She speaks English perfectly.NEPOMMUCK. Too perfectly. Can you shew me any English woman who speaks English as it should be spoken? Only foreigners who have been taught to speak it speak it well.
Michael Moorcock|For the mind of man alone is free to explore the lofty vastness of the cosmic infinite, to transcend ordinary consciousness, to roam the secret corridors of the brain where past and future melt into one... And universe and individual are linked, the one mirrored in the other, and each contains the other.
Daniel Marques|No one is treated with more patronizing condescension than the unpublished author or, in general, the would-be artist. At best he is commiserated. At worst mocked. He has presumed to rise above others and failed. I still recall a conversation around my father’s deathbed when the visiting doctor asked him what his three children were doing. When he arrived at the last and said young Timothy was writing a novel and wanted to become a writer, the good lady, unaware that I was entering the room, told my father not to worry, I would soon change my mind and find something sensible to do. Many years later, the same woman shook my hand with genuine respect and congratulated me on my career. She had not read my books.
Ann Marie Aguilar|The emotional states are liberated inside water, we calm down emotionally, we become more sensitive, we are able to "touch" deeper ourselves and other beings. Empathy is echoing back to us giving subtle vibrations from the realm of the senses. Find your water ~
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|I am not weak and can control my mind really well".
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Giving from the heart lights a flame of kindness, forever illuminating your world.
Martin Luther|I am afraid that the schools will prove the very gates of hell, unless they diligently labor in explaining the Holy Scriptures and engraving them in the heart of the youth.
Dan Lipinski|The high prices also highlight the fact that the U.S. is too heavily dependent on fossil fuels that we import from unstable parts of the world. To protect our national security, we must become more energy secure.
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|[It] could be argued that the favorite sin of Satan would not be vanity, as described in 'Devil's Advocate', or even unbelief in the existence of the devil, as described in 'The Usual Suspects,' but the imagining of a generic, Christless God. The very essence of the Christian faith centers on the identity of Jesus Christ as God's only begotten Son, who alone is the source of salvation and author of faith (Acts 4:12). So it stands to reason that Satan's favorite sin is the belief in a God without Jesus, because that is a god without atonement or redemption and that is what populates hell in the name of heaven.
Isaac Solomon|Tragedy often gives birth to courage, it offers man a platform to change what will be."Eli Storm, Emanuel Stone And The Phoenix Shadow
Gary Tunsky, The Battle for Health Is Over PH: Life and Death Hangs in the Balance|If human beings were really progressive creatures, then all boys would be smarter, healthier, and, wealthier, than their grandfathers.
Compton Gage|There is no greater crime than a crime against humanity. There is no greater crime against humanity than usury. The greatest violence, and the greatest threat to humanity, is the growth of MONEY.
Danabelle Gutierrez, & Until The Dreams Come|The first summer that we spent together,we did so many obscene things to each other, thatby the end of it, the trees blushed a shy shade of scarlet,leaves falling to the ground, scandalized by our acts.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|She finished getting ready with plenty of time to eat breakfast but didn't feel up to braving the dining hall; she still didn't know where it was or how it worked....In new situations, all the trickiest rules are the ones nobody bothers to explain to you. (And the ones you can't Google.) Like, where does the line start? What food can you take? Where are you supposed to stand, then where are you supposed to sit? Where do you go when you're done, why is everyone watching you?... Bah.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest education is the knowledge of God. God gives life, strength and wisdom for every accomplishment.
Anaïs Nin|You can never make a city as clean as the nature itself. To do this, you must completely demolish the city and convert it into the pure nature.
honeya|My mom, God love her, she was one of those Bible people. She thought it was wrong to bother anybody, regardless of race, color or religion. It just wasn't a Christian thing to look down on anybody, and that's what she taught us.
Michel de Montaigne|There is indeed a certain sense of gratification when we do a good deed that gives us inward satisfaction, and a generous pride that accompanies a good conscience…These testimonies of a good conscience are pleasant; and such a natural pleasure is very beneficial to us; it is the only payment that can never fail. “On Repentance
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Have you ever seen a person who was receiving a blood transfusion? The blood was precious, life-giving, and certainly not repulsive. The blood of Christ may seem to be a grim and repulsive subject . . .[but] the blood of Christ is precious.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Night Play|I accept you as you are, and I will always hold you close in my heart. I will walk beside you forever.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed|Because I know the things I should be able to accomplish, and I don't want to do so.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Autumn's Journey: Deep Growth in the Grief and Loss of Life's Seasons|Life is just a flow spontaneous, whatsoever you think of it, whatsoever you claim to do for it – it just doesn’t really matter- for you are in a flow and you are being carried to where it has to go! Philosophically you would say - a destination known as death, ocean, eternity or whatever! Even that doesn’t really matter- you just flow and it has to be so! Be still and relish the path unknown; for ultimately it is the journey that matters!
H. E. Davey|Since the early 1920s a unique spiritual path has existed in Japan. This distinctly Japanese version of yoga is called Shin-shin-toitsu-do, and it combines seated meditation, moving meditation, breathing exercises, and other disciplines to help practitioners realize unification of mind and body. Besides yoga, it is a synthesis of methods, influenced by Japanese meditation, healing arts, and martial arts; along with Western psychology, medicine, and science. Shin-shin-toitsu-do is widely practiced throughout Japan, although it is almost unknown in other countries. Through its principles of mind and body coordination people have an opportunity to realize their full potential in everyday life.A remarkable man created this path, and he led an equally remarkable life. He was known in Japan as Nakamura Tempu Sensei, and this is his story.
Newt Gingrich|There are those who will say that the liberation of humanity, the freedom of man and mind is nothing but a dream. They are right. It is the American Dream.
Karl Lagerfeld|I worked for a big department store, and strangely, on my first day, they put me in charge of Christmas wrapping. I didn't know how to wrap a present and make it not look like it fell off a truck.
Margaret D. McGee|In my return to church, I had learned the hard way to avoid assumptions about other people's faith. For one thing, people kept surprising me. If I listened carefully to them, my conjectures about what they thought usually turned out to be wrong. For another thing, I was insecure enough about my own faith, such as it was, to resent other people telling me what they thought I believed and why they thought I believed it. So I tried to hear what my friends say about joining their loved ones after death without assuming I knew exactly what they meant.
Hideki Tojo|Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
Nuno Roque|Pop is about speaking everybody's language. The imagery and iconography we instantly recognize. When you can rely on things that the public already knows, you're dealing with Pop.
Diana Jaber|You absolutely will never get everything you hope for. You imperatively HAVE to make the best of what you have. But something that you MUST have and cannot ever ignore is your relationship with people. Always work on that. Understand it as you live. Although people should never complete you as a person, you must have them in your life. That doesn't mean forever, it just means you need people and people need you NO MATTER WHAT.
Tamara Morgan, If I Stay|She scooted closer and put a hand on his leg again. He felt less like steel this time and more like a man who enjoyed the sensation of a feminine hand moving higher. "Are you taking advantage of me?"He drew in a ragged breath. "I'm trying really hard not to."She smiled and kept going, her hand squeezing as it continued its northward journey. She stopped just short of manhandling him. "Well, that makes one of us.
Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front|On a grander scale, when a society segregates itself, the consequences affect the economy, the emotions, and the ecology. That's one reason why it's easy for pro-lifers to eat factory-raised animals that disrespect everything sacred about creation. And that is why it's easy for rabid environmentalists to hate chainsaws even though they snuggle into a mattress supported by a black walnut bedstead.
William S. Burroughs|We need to develop and disseminate an entirely new paradigm and practice of collaboration that supersedes the traditional silos that have divided governments, philanthropies and private enterprises for decades and replace it with networks of partnerships working together to create a globally prosperous society.
Francesco Marciuliano, I Could Pee on This: And Other Poems by Cats|He doesn't seem very impressed," Cimorene commented in some amusement."Why should he be?" Kazul said."Well, you're a dragon," Cimorene answered, a little taken aback."What difference does that make to a cat?
Damien Keown, Buddhism: A Very Short Introduction|This … perception of impermanence … gives rise to the knowledge that even those things which seem most intimate to us – such as our emotions – are transient states which come and go. … From … detached observation it … becomes clear that even one's conscious mind is but a process like everything else. Most people regard their mental life as their true inner essence ( … ), but insight meditation discloses that the stream of consciousness is just one more facet of the complex interaction of the five factors of individuality, and not what one 'really is'.
Nelson Mandela|When you get billions in aid and your weapons resupplied and your ammunition stock resupplied, you don't learn the lesson that war is bad and nobody wins.
Frédéric Bastiat, Economic Harmonies|When misguided public opinion honors what is despicable and despises what is honorable, punishes virtue and rewards vice, encourages what is harmful and discourages what is useful, applauds falsehood and smothers truth under indifference or insult, a nation turns it's back on progress and can be restored only by the terrible lessons of catastrophe.
Robert Benson|I would almost rather we had died that day than to have found ourselves here, lost somewhere between the dreaming and the coming true.
Cassandra Clare, Tales from the Shadowhunter Academy|As the sun dipped beneath the horizon, the clouds overhead blushed cotton-candy pink. Their reflections gleamed on the crystalline waters of Lake Lyn. The horses whinnied, the birds chirped, and Simon and Isabelle crunched their peanut brittle and popcorn. This, Simon thought, was the sound of happiness.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|He had kissed her good night that night, and she had tasted like strawberry daiquiris, and he had never wanted to kiss anyone else again.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|Before an observation is made, an object exists in all possible states simultaneously. To determine which state the object is in, we have to make an observation, which “collapses” the wave function, and the object goes into a definite state. The act of observation destroys the wave function, and the object now assumesa definite reality.
Chameleon, Pawn of Innocence|...why, I've just this instant found out... that we might have gone around the world in only seventy-eight days.
Maha Erwin|For crying out loud, absurd things can happen, none of us is spared.” He reached out and gave her a soft pat on the back. “So screw it, lovey. Enjoy every second you’ve got and stop moping around.” - Intomesee
Hank Bracker|If you persistently knock, door will definitely be opened.
Margaret Cavendish|I am not covetous, but as ambitious as ever any of my sex was, is, or can be; which makes, that though I cannot be Henry the Fifth, or Charles the Second, yet I endeavour to be Margaret the First; and although I have neither power, time, not occasion to conquer the world as Alexander and Caesar did; yet rather than not be mistress of one, since Fortune and Fates would give me none, I have made a world of my own; for which nobody, I hope, will blame me, since it is in everyone's power to do the like.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|From the dear comes grief; From the dear comes fear.If you're freed from the dear You'll have no grief, let alone fear.
Raaz Ojha|Some people are just like snake, they will never understand your love.
Malcolm Forbes|He whines, he complains, he ducks out of the most obvious responsibility. He is vain, petty and maddening, but he doesn't ever quit.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Modern Western culture has become a mixture of paganism and Christianity. We are a blend of both. We talk of God, but we often act as though we are atheists.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Love: Soulfully Inspiring You to Uncover the Essence of True Love That Exists, Within|Embrace the true essence of Christmas - by embracing the gift and essence of life, itself.
Aaron Sorkin|I don't want to analyze myself or anything, but I think, in fact I know this to be true, that I enter the world through what I write. I grew up believing, and continue to believe, that I am a screw-up, that growing up with my family and friends, I had nothing to offer in any conversation. But when I started writing, suddenly there was something that I brought to the party that was at a high-enough level.
Jack London, Martin Eden|Before you deal out your moral judgement on me, perhaps you should ask yourself what you did.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Evil and suffering are real . . . They aren’t an illusion, nor are they simply an absence of good. We are fallen creatures living in a fallen world that has been twisted and corrupted by sin, and we all share in its brokenness. Most of all, we share in its tragic legacy of disease and death.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|To be acceptable is for one to ignore his weakness while knowing his strength, to cover the scar even though it's always there, however, to be impossible is for one to see his weakness as, not an adversary, but the cherry on top of his strength, to rearrange the scar so that it compliments his features.
Pete Hegseth|Although I do wrong, I do not the wrongs that I am charged with doing; the wrong that I do is through the frailty of human nature, like other men. No man lives without fault.
Gordon B. Hinckley|The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.
David Vann, Aquarium|I've thought of it ever since, the idea that we don't stray far, that what feels like discovery is only the revealing of what was hidden but there, waiting. I remember because I think this might be a path to forgiveness, to realize that no matter how violent, how frightening my mother was, it was not random but at least partly inescapable, that who she was had been set in motion long before and she had to suffer that person as much as I did.
Dan B. Allender, Leading Character|When calling for authenticity, we need to take seriously the brokenness and sinfulness of the human heart. If to be authentic means to be who we really are or to express what we really feel, then in most cases I’m going to vote for hypocrisy. Our prisons are filled with men and women who acted on their feelings and impulses. If authenticity is about being true to yourself, these individuals should be our models of inspiration.
Alison Arngrim, Confessions of a Prairie Bitch: How I Survived Nellie Oleson and Learned to Love Being Hated|Now, whatever you do, don't say anything, because no one must know that Liberace is gay.""Excuse me?" I said. "I'm eight. I know he's gay.
W.H. Auden, The Complete Works of W.H. Auden: Prose, Volume III: 1949-1955|Laziness acknowledges the relation of the present to the past but ignores its relation to the future; impatience acknowledge its relation to the future but ignores its relation to the past; neither the lazy nor the impatient man, that is, accepts the present instant in its full reality and so cannot love his neighbour completely.
Debasish Mridha|When you look at a flower with an appreciative heart and get lost in the magical beauty, you really get a vacation from the everyday stressful life.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|What what," Trapis said as he hurried over to tend to her, his bare feet slapping on the floor. "What what. Hush hush.
Lisa Lantieri|The more the world commits to programs for poverty and education, the greater the gap for those with intellectual disabilities. That’s because money goes where results are quick and quantifiable, which is not likely for people with intellectual disabilities.
Peter Enns, Exodus|The answer to the question raised in the title of this essay - Is salvation a matter of divine determination or human responsibility? - is not divine determination or human responsibility. The only thoroughly biblical answer is yes. Scripturally, it is not an 'either-or' but a 'both-and' proposition. Why is this so hard? For one thing, it is logically unsatisfactory and apparently contradictory. Our insatiable appetite for order and answers makes it difficult to admit...that God's ways are not our ways, and leave it at that. (Isaiah 55:9). We don't mind applying this principle in a general, hypothetical way to God's wisdom or methods. But we balk when interferes with our theological system, our obsession with pigeonholing every Bible fact into a neat, orderly arrangement that leaves no questions unanswered. God transcends our logic. He is supra-logical. His thinking, His design, His way, His theology is infinitely above our intellect, beyond the grasp of our comprehension, out of the reach of our clever rationalizations. God is theo-logical. Man is anthropo-logical.
H.G. Wells, The First Men on the Moon|I took my line straight away. I knew I was staking everything, but I jumped there and then. "We're on absolutely the biggest thing that has ever been invented," I said, and put the accent on "we." "If you want to keep me out of this, you'll have to do it with a gun. I'm coming down to be your fourth labourer to-morrow.
Anthony T. Hincks|Every time you shudder from the cold or wrap yourself more tightly in your furs, it reminds me that somewhere, the sun shines more brightly than it does here. You carry it in your skin.
Darlene Love|I'm really aware of the conversations that surround young actresses in Hollywood. I always get myself into a hole with these conversations, and I get weirdly quoted, and I sound militant and like I'm not thankful at all, and I'm so thankful of everything that's happening. But I'm an active observer of the machinations of this world.
Nikita Dudani|Love with your soul. Hear your soul speaking, it will always be your guiding light.
Emma Goldman|NGOs have a significant role to play, alongside governments, in improving the status of women.
Dean Ornish|Know you food, know your farmers, and know your kitchen.
John Cusack|Acting can be pretty challenging. I can't say making a romantic comedy is challenging, but to do anything well, you have to put yourself into it.
Sara  Humphreys, Luck of the Irish|Now, Simone, I'm a witch, remember? There's not much I don't know just by looking at you. And you know what I see when I look at you?'Simone walked out the door before she could finish, only hearing the steely hush of Millie's voice add, 'Nothing.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I must endure, fighting the temptation simply to become slack-jawed like most of my school 'peers' (they wish!), who will themselves into a collective, vacant, trancelike state for the duration of each class. (Although I sometimes secretly envy their ability to empty their minds completely for a full fifty minutes, reanimating only at the sound of a bell, like Pavlov's dogs...)
William Shakespeare|Anyone who agrees to be interviewed must decide where to draw the line between what is public and what is private. But the line can shift, depending on who is asking the questions. What puts someone on guard isn't necessarily the fear of being 'found out.' It sometimes is just the fear of being misunderstood.
Compton Gage|In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou know not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good.
Karen Traviss, Order 66:|I'm bored," she said."Learn how to tap-dance," he suggested, without turning around.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Before she leaves, my new friend tells me to look out of the big picture window at the parking lot."See that purple Harley out there—that big gorgeous one? That's mine. I used to ride behind my husband, and never took the road on my own. Then after the kids were grown, I put my foot down. It was hard, but we finally got to be partners. Now he says he likes it better this way. He doesn't have to worry about his bike breaking down or getting a heart attach and totaling us both. I even put 'Ms.' on my license plate—and you should see my grandkids' faces when Grandma rides up on her purple Harley!"On my own again, I look out at the barren sand and tortured rocks of the Badlands, stretching for miles. I've walked there, and I know that, close up, the barren sand reveals layers of pale rose and beige and cream, and the rocks turn out to have intricate womblike openings. Even in the distant cliffs, caves of rescue appear.What seems to be one thing from a distance is very different close up.I tell you this story because it's the kind of lesson that can be learned only on the road. And also because I've come to believe that, inside, each of us has a purple motorcycle.We have only to discover it—and ride.
Susan Price, The Sterkarm Handshake|I thought that I needed a church and hundreds of guests and music thatactually sounded like music, but I was wrong.What I needed was a drunken priest, irreverent guests, and a companionwho learned to play piano from a goat.""Then you got exactly what you needed.""I suppose so. But then again, all I really needed was you.
Alphonso Jackson|It is critical that Democratic candidates, whether they are in New Jersey, or Virginia, or anywhere, emphasize the fact that we can be trusted, and can bring fiscal integrity to our state, local, and national government.
Mensah Oteh|Creating the good life is like following a recipe; specific ingredients are required to guarantee the promised results and each has to be carefully selected and added in the right quantity and sequence. If you get it right, the outcome is guaranteed. If you change or alter the ingredients, the outcome changes.
A.L. Kennedy|Have more humility. Remember you don't know the limits of your own abilities. Successful or not, if you keep pushing beyond yourself, you will enrich your own life – and maybe even please a few strangers.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|In the end, you will realize most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Oscar may be the world’s most glorious way of honoring your work, but the real award for a filmmaker is the contentment which you receive from making your film.
Robert Ferrigno, Sins of the Assassin|Stop thinking. I've stopped some 15 years ago. Otherwise, if you will be thinking you won't want to live. Everyone who thinks is unhappy.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|As Peret asserts, the value of such stories resides in the fact that they respond to direct social necessity but in a way that is not obvious in a society dominated by what is utilitarian and functional. Rather they represent a natural surplus of imaginative abundance that may confound or reinforce the way we perceive the world, but which never does so in a simple way. Even though they may have no direct social use, they nonetheless embody the actual state of real relations between people.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|It never ceased to amaze me how she just had the facts always, in her head. It occured to me that if, or when, she died, a whole load of facts, a body of knowledge, might disappear without a trace.
C.S. Lewis|Hatred has its pleasures. It is therefore often the compensation bywhich a frightened man reimburses himself for the miseries of Fear. The more he fears, the more he will hate. - Screwtape
Adi Alsaid, Never Always Sometimes|A book is an ocean,Its upon you,Whether you find pearls,Or only take a drop….!!!!
Amin Maalouf, Orígenes|Nothing is born of nothing, least of all knowledge, modernity, or enlightened thought; progress is made in tiny surges, in successive laps, like an endless relay race. But there are links without which nothing would be passed on, and for that reason, they deserve the gratitude of all who benefited from them.
Paul Karl Feyerabend, Science in a Free Society|A scientist, an artist, a citizen is not like a child who needs papa methodology and mama rationality to give him security and direction; he can take care of himself, for he is the inventor not only of laws, theories, pictures, plays, forms of music, ways of dealing with his fellow man, institutions but also of entire world views, he is the inventor of entire forms of life.
Bo Burnham|I'm in my father's car at age 9 or 10 crying to Leonard Cohen's 'Famous Blue Raincoat,' thinking that you could write nearly a love letter to a man who betrayed you by having an affair with your wife. I was thinking how wonderful and pure music can be for explaining situations.
Vironika Tugaleva|When you slip up and let yourself back into old, toxic patterns of thinking, forgive yourself before you try to fix yourself.
Ann Voskamp, The Broken Way: A Daring Path into the Abundant Life|Forget the face of God, and forget your own name is Beloved.
Oprah Winfrey, The Best of Oprah's What I Know For Sure|I would like to thank the people who've brought me those dark moments, when I felt most wounded, betrayed. You have been my greatest teachers.
Ali MacGraw|The gospel sets us free to become the romantic leaders of our marriages without fright or hesitation. Because we have been forever wooed by Jesus, we are now free to forever woo our wives.
Roddy Doyle|When I'm not on tour, I love to have a long breakfast at home in my garden.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|The Heart of Gold fled on silently through the night of space, now on conventional photon drive. Its crew of four were ill as ease knowing that they had been brought together not of their own volition or by simple coincidence, but by some curious perversion of physics- as if relationships between people were susceptible to the same laws that governed the relationships between atoms and molecules
Mehmet Murat ildan|He looked at the houses he had been passing these weeks and though he had never studied them carefully they had become familiar through the process of seeing them so often, and he was now impressed with the change in their appearance as he looked at them through the gray of the air and whiteness of the snow, each house, shrub, tree, bush and mailbox trimmed with snow and blending into the air as if they were just a picture projected upon the still, pearly grayness, just an impression created by the silent snow, a picture on the edge and verge of disappearing and leaving only the air and snow through which he now lightly walked.It did not seem possible, but the air was even softer and quieter. He continued walking alongside his prints feeling he could walk forever, that as long as the silent snow continued falling he could continue walking, and as he did he would leave behind all worries and cares, all horrors of the past and future. There would be nothing to bother him or torture his mind and fill his body with tremors of fear, the dark night of the soul over. There would only be himself and the soft, silent snow; and each flake, in its own life, its own separate and distinct entity, would bring with it its own joy, and he would easily partake of that joy as he continued walking, the gentle, silent snow falling ever so quietly, ever so joyously ... yes, and ever so love-ing-ly ... loveing-ly....
W. E. B. Du Bois|When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty, and there is nothing more to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.
Lisa Kleypas, Christmas Eve at Friday Harbor|Something happened to you, they discovered, when you were given the unconditional love and trust of a child.You wanted to try to deserve it.
Nate Spears|Live for everything, or die for nothing
Elizabeth Briggs, More Than Comics|To receive many blessings, read to your children from the womb to the tomb.
D.R. Silva|Well, Hell was worse, of course, by definition. But Crowley remembered what Heaven was like, and it had quite a few things in common with Hell. You couldn’t get a decent drink in either of them, for a start. And the boredom you got in Heaven was almost as bad as the excitement you got in Hell.
Václav Havel|Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
Anonymous|Justice is the first virtue of social institutions, as truth is of systems of thought.
Barbara Jordan|I am telling you that I am very grateful and am so proud of you for being a symbolic generation that is calling for change to the better, that is dreaming for a better future, and is making the future.
Debasish Mridha|Create your own god in your mind whom you can love, trust, and follow.
Geoffrey Wood|As the economy is shifting, you need to have legitimate and creative sources of extra income. There are opportunities available that people have been using for years now.
Eileen Anglin|Everyday my life gets better and better. I make loving, life affirming choices daily to create an amazing life.
Deyth Banger|I never have believed in coincidence, I'm not an idiot. Everything it have a reason check out series "11.22.63"- The Assasination of John F Kennedy or check out "Monk" - The Detective who doesn't believe in coincidence. SO DO I!I can think again and again and I'm sure that my father didn't do that there isn't logic before few days to come and to apologize and then suicide what's the logic????
|Circumstances don't cause darkness in your life so you could live in the dark; instead, they present your mind with the opportunity to glow like a candle in the darkest of the night.
Michael Connelly, The Black Echo|He [Harry Bosch] defined good company not by the conversation but by the lack of it. When there was no need to talk to feel comfortable, that was the right company
Liz Goldwyn|As a former waitress myself, I know firsthand how a simple smile from someone can improve your day and how a single harsh word can destroy it. Being courteous and thoughtful costs you nothing and can sometimes pay you dividends in unexpected ways.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we fix our eyes on Jesus Christ, He will perfect our faith in God.
DeWayne Owens|Time is your most valuable asset. Money you can spend, lose, and get back. Once time is spent, you can never get it back. Spend your time wisely today.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|I could a tale unfold whose lightest wordWould harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood,Make thy two eyes like stars start from their spheres,Thy knotted and combined locks to part,And each particular hair to stand on endLike quills upon the fretful porpentine.But this eternal blazon must not beTo ears of flesh and blood.List, list, O list!
Abraham Verghese|Perhaps it would be better for science, that all criticism should be avowed.
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia Meet the Fairies|Me & my fellow fairies are running away from a huge monster that keeps destroying our home land,sobbed Farina.The monster is terribly scary,has huge jaws, creates clouds of smoke & makes loads of noise everywhere it goes.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|Because of social strictures against even the mildest swearing, America developed a particularly rich crop of euphemistic expletives - darn, durn, goldurn, goshdad, goshdang, goshawful, blast, consarn, confound, by Jove, by jingo, great guns, by the great horn spoon (a nonce term first cited in the Biglow Papers), jo-fired, jumping Jehoshaphat, and others almost without number - but even this cautious epithets could land people in trouble as late as the 1940s.
Imtiaz Ali|I'm not a huge fan of scary movies, but I love doing them because your character arc gets condensed, and everything is elevated, and so you kind of have this amazing opportunity to go in many different places.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Wherever, I am, you will always be in my heart.
Lana M. H. Wilder|When you reach out to God humbly, you'll find that He's already reaching out to you.
Camila Cabello|Believe in everything, just in case.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|And as for Owen Warland, he looked placidly at what seemed the ruin of his life's labor, and which was yet no ruin. He had caught a far other butterfly than this. When the artist rose high enough to achieve the beautiful, the symbol by which he made it perceptible to mortal senses became of little value in his eyes while his spirit possessed itself in the enjoyment of the reality.
Richard E. Grant|Suicide is possible, but not probable; hanging, I trust, is even more unlikely; for I hope that, by the time I die, my countrymen will have become civilised enough to abolish capital punishment.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Being” is far more important than “doing.” When we are what we should be inside, we will bring forth fruit.
Aung San Suu Kyi|In societies where men are truly confident of their own worth, women are not merely tolerated but valued."(From a speech read on video on August 31, 1995 before the NGO Forum on Women, Beijing, China)
Muditha Champika, Theories of Nature and the Universe: Comparison of Pure Buddhist Philosophy and Science|Life is life! The real meaning and definition of life is not wealth, though wealth can define and give meaning to life.
Nikhil Shrivastava|Once you start loving what’s inside, the outside falls in love with you.
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|I know I’m not an easy She-dragon to. . not fear.” “I’m not afraid of you, Ghleanna. I’ve never been afraid of you. To be quite honest. . I think you’re amazing. I always have. Since the first time you ignored me.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|She imagined she could taste the storm in him, the battering winds of desperation and frustration that met her own, blow for blow.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|I am no fan of books. And chances are, if you're reading this, you and I share a healthy skepticism about the printed word. Well, I want you to know that this is the first book I've ever written, and I hope it's the first book you've ever read. Don't make a habit of it.
Tom Walsh|The simple truth is that love is a part of who we are, not something that others "give" to us if we're worthy of it. We're taught that if we just find that right person, and that person "falls in love" with us, everything will be fine. We're not taught about recognizing the love that is a part of our spirits, the love that we radiate when we recognize the beauty and need in all the people that surround us. Love is ours to share, at all moments and in all situations, but for some reason we fear doing so.
David Benioff, When the Nines Roll Over and Other Stories|There are a few moments in your life when you are truly and completely happy, and you remember to give thanks. Even as it happens you are nostalgic for the moment, you are tucking it away in your scrapbook.
Debra Landwehr Engle, The Only Little Prayer You Need: The Shortest Route to a Life of Joy, Abundance, and Peace of Mind|Tarot helps us look within ourselves to understand our emotions, the reasoning behind our words and conduct, and the source of our conflicts.
Min Kim|The foundation that my parents and grandparents instilled in me is unyielding, especially the principle that teaches me to keep God first in all I do.
Myrtle Filmore|The truth came to me-a great revelation, showing me that I have a child to the Jones whole and perfect mind, created to express the health that God with.
Dennis Lehane, A Drink Before the War|I have been merely oppressed by the weariness and tedium and vanity of things lately: nothing stirs me, nothing seems worth doing or worth having done: the only thing that I strongly feel worth while would be to murder as many people as possible so as to diminish the amount of consciousness in the world. These times have to be lived through: there is nothing to be done with them.
عبد الكريم بكار|In a half-empty-glass sort of world, I’m the little girl whose cup runneth over.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|It is high time that you break the shackles of separatism and with the glorious flames of love, compassion and humanism in heart, you assimilate the goodness from all around you. Let love and compassion reign over the modern human civilization and hatred be a matter of ancient history.
Douglas Horton|I can't change my personality. I'll always smile, but I'll be more focused.
Apoorva Prajapati|If you wanna capture me,capture me wretched,that's the real me.My brokennessis my beauty.My smile isa brief facade.
Walter L. Williams, The Spirit and the Flesh: Sexual Diversity in American Indian Culture|We must bear in mind, however sadly, that psychopathology is no longer the exclusive preserve of the degenerate and perverse. The Congo, Vietnam, Biafra -these are games that anyone can play. Their violence, and all violence for that matter, reflects the neutral exploration of sensation that is taking place now, within sex as elsewere (...). Were all this leads one can only speculate (...). What will follow is the psychopathology of sex, relationships so lunar and abstract that people will become mere extensions of the geometries of situations.
Robert Cummings Neville|Mary remained weeping for her friend Jesus who had been all the world to her, and whose death ad meant the loss of that world. With great courage to be alone, and great courage to love despite devastating loss, she struggled to carry on, hoping to find and rebury Jesus' missing body. Suddenly Jesus stood before her alive again, calling her name. She turned, reaching, and said "Rabbouni!" "Noli me tangere," he replied- "don't touch me." If the courage to be alone requires also the courage to love, the courage to love still does not overcome loneliness.
Cynthia Ozick|Stories have a unique power, David. The Inuit believe they can capture souls.
Rick Moranis|Before the BBC, I joined the Navy in order to travel.
Adena Friedman|If the Indian people want stories written about themselves, how they want them told, they are going to have to make them, they're going to have to finance them. If you let Hollywood do it, Hollywood is going to get it wrong most of the time.
Mary Steenburgen|I came from Long Island, so I had a lot of experience at the stick. I played in junior high school, then I played in high school. The technical aspect of the game was my forte. I had all that experience, then I had strength and I was in good condition.
Chögyam Trungpa|Resentment is like a drug. Once you pick it up, it will only get worse and worse until you surrender and do the work to let it go.
Clifford Stoll|Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.
Debasish Mridha|Our main purpose of life is to be happy. Happiness is in simplicity, and the most amazing things about life is that it is so simple.
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|I sometimes give myself excellent advice. Occasionally, I even listen to it.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Finally the homeless eel marked its territory, I suppose, and the Doctor lay heavily upon me, moist with sweat. 
Democritus|Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence.
Melissa Bean|The harder you work... and visualize something, the luckier you get.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|I want to say something here, a lot of times, each of us may have been guilty of labeling someone materialistic because they have a high standard or expectation from those they want to relate with or deal with. In our minds, we are pissed off. How can they elevate the standards so high, so high that we are excluded, it must be selfish of them and in fact wicked. They are saying that we are not fit to be their friends, etc, etc. We spend so much energy trying to analyse and sometimes even dare to dictate to others what standards they should keep and maintain so we can fit in, I think with respect, it is a flawed way of thinking about the situation. It is a manner of thinking about the situation that may never solve of problems, our inadequacy.The government may set standards and regulations about how we ought t conduct our affairs in the public, but it will hardly, rarely and barely concern itself with the regulation of personal and private life, except those private actions that have or bring about public consequences. As such, each one of us has the power to make Rules and Regulations for the Admission of Persons into our lives, it is not in your capacity to cry when someone chooses to set his as high as the Eiffel towerFinally, instead of dying of envy, jealousy or resulting in character assassination, what you may do is spend time climbing the ladder of life, that you may become relevant to those you wish to dine and wine with. This is the hard part and most of us will rather squirm and cry-fowl. The rules of the game was set by nature, quitting, is a choice too.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Men's lives have meaning, not their deaths.
Betty Friedan|If women have young children, they are one man away from welfare.
Michael J. Sandel, Justice: What's the Right Thing to Do?|When you write about justice, you better forget who is going to be hurt.
Steven Erikson, Memories of Ice|When it comes to my own turn to lay my weapons down, I shall do so with thankfulness and fatigue, and whatever be my destiny after ward, I shall be glad to lie down with my fathers in honour. It is human at least, if not divine.
Mette Ivie Harrison, The Princess and the Hound|George stared at the dove. What would she say if she could speak to him? What would she wish for, for her father? For she, too, had been harmed by a man who had meant to show his utmost love for her.It made George wonder why love was suppose to be such a wonderful thing. As far as he could tell, love was just another excuse for causing pain.
Ellie Goulding|When I wrote 'The Alexandria Link,' I discovered that we are only aware of about 10 percent of the knowledge of the ancient world. In the ancient world, most of the knowledge was destroyed. Every emperor of China who came in wiped out everything that came before them, to the point that the country completely forgot its past.
Orlando Bloom|Which is, I'm an optimist that two people can be together to work out their conflicts. And that commitment, I think, might be what love is, because they both grow from their relationship.
Taylor Swift|If you prove me how strong you are, i just exactly see your weakness.
Eugie Foster, Beautiful Winter|... where I walked, the frost shaped itself to my will, dancing in the air like music over water.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|People are weary of politicians who make promises they are either unwilling or unable to keep. Society longs for statesmen but it gets politicians. Statesmen are leaders who uphold what is right regardless of the popularity of the position. Statesmen speak out to achieve good for their people, not to win votes. Statesmen promote the general good rather than regional or personal self-interest.
Robert Englund|My most important projects have been the building and maintaining of schools and medical clinics for my dear friends in the Himalaya and helping restore their beautiful monasteries, too.
Jagdish Poudel|Ideas and thoughts are like genes...more you keep inside yourself more it multply with same species consuming your whole energy to breed to produce same old ideas and thoughts again and again until it kills you. So, let it be interact with other species..take it out...make reaction with other peoples's thoughts and ideas and produce something new....produce new energy..new thoughts..new perceptions...
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|She felt so lost and lonely. One last chile in walnut sauce left on the platter after a fancy dinner couldn't feel any worse than she did. How many times had she eaten one of those treats, standing by herself in the kitchen, rather than let it be thrown away. When nobody eats the last chile on the plate, it's usually because none of them wants to look like a glutton, so even though they'd really like to devour it, they don't have the nerve to take it. It was as if they were rejecting that stuffed pepper, which contains every imaginable flavor; sweet as candied citron, juicy as pomegranate, with the bit of pepper and the subtlety of walnuts, that marvelous chile in the walnut sauce. Within it lies the secret of love, but it will never be penetrated, and all because it wouldn't feel proper.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|While sitting in the darkness in complete silence, I never realized how much there was to see and hear. There is sight and sound in darkness and silence. Learn to look and listen.
George Orwell, As I Please: 1943-1945|The thing that strikes me more and more, is the extraordinary viciousness and dishonesty of political controversy in our time. I don’t mean merely that controversies are acrimonious. They ought to be that when they are on serious subjects. I mean that almost nobody seems to feel that an opponent deserves a fair hearing or that the objective truth matters as long as you can score a neat debating point.
Bo Derek|Oh, never mind the fashion. When one has a style of one's own, it is always twenty times better.
Mandy Patinkin|If you take no risks, you will suffer no defeats. But if you take no risks, you win no victories.
Brannon Braga, All Good Things...|I am, a stride at a time. A very short space of time through very short time of space.
Greg  Gordon|We cannot effectively pursue holiness without the Word of God stored up in our minds where it can be used by the Holy Spirit to transform us. Jerry Bridges, The Discipline of Grace, 180
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|Where the human need for order meetsthe human tendency to mayhem, where civilization runs smack against its discontents, you find friction, and a great deal of general wear and tear.
Arthur Mellen Wellington|And Beauty is a form of Genius - is higher, indeed, than Genius, as it needs no explanation.
General Iroh|Something very beautiful happens to people when their world has fallen apart: a humility, a nobility, a higher intelligence emerges at just the point when our knees hit the floor. Perhaps, in a way, that's where humanity is now: about to discover we're not as smart as we thought we were, will be forced by life to surrender our attacks and defenses which avail us of nothing, and finally break through into the collective beauty of who we really
Shannon L. Alder|Blame doesn't empower you. It keeps you stuck in a place you don't want to be because you don't want to make the temporary, but painful decision, to be responsible for the outcome of your own life's happiness.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide|Time is ungovernable, but grief presents us with a choice: what do we do with the savage energies of bereavement? What do we do with the memory - or in the memory - of the beloved? Some commemorate love with statuary, but behavior, too, is a memorial, as is a well-lived life. In death, there is always the promise of hope. The key is opening, rather than numbing, ourselves to pain. Above all, we must show our children how to celebrate existence in all its beauty, and how to get up after life has knocked us down, time and again. Half-dead, we stand. And together, we salute love. Because in the end, that's all that matters. How hard we loved, and how hard we tried.
M.K. Alexander|The past is obdurate.― Stephen King, 11/22/63
Oren Lyons|We've got to think now, in real terms, for that seventh generation . . . We've got to get back to spiritual law if we are to survive.
Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies|Ah, men losing the power in their dicks. When they can no longer f___ their women, they f___ the world.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach|There will be days that you don’t want to dress up and if you have some decent looking athletic wear, you can give the illusion that you’ve just been working out, as opposed to giving up on life.
Austin Mahone|Don't give up when you still have something to give. Because nothing is really over until the moment you stop trying,
Joyce Sidman, Winter Bees & Other Poems of the Cold|The exact science of one molecule transformed into another -- that Mabel could not explain, but then again she couldn't explain how a fetus formed in the womb, cells becoming beating heart and hoping soul. She could not fathom the hexagonal miracle of snowflakes formed from clouds, crystallized fern and feather that tumble down to light on a coat sleeve, white stars melting even as they strike. How did such force and beauty come to be in something so small and fleeting and unknowable?
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|Knowing it without understanding it is enough for one to be qualified a fool;Understanding without relative adherence, masters one in foolishness.
R.M.  Miller, Evening Breeze|I realised I never wanted to leave her side, and I never wanted her to have to struggle to be released from her sadness. I could never suggest she required release; for she did not require release. It was a true thing, this sadness of hers; a true thing about the world, about life, about herself. I just wanted Daphne. I wanted who she was, how she was, only her, all of her, always. And I knew I would be forever treading the long path towards that shrouded chamber of dusky luminance I glimpsed in her flickering sort of half-smiles.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|I held my heart back from positively accepting anything, since I was afraid of another fall, and in this condition of suspense I was being all the more killed.
Oscar Wilde, The Star-Child and Other Tales|Winter walks up and down the town swinging his censer, but no smoke or sweetness comes from it, only the sour, metallic frankness of salt and snow.
Tim Hollingworth|I found a word, and carefully placed it next to another. Soon I had a bridge and a pathway to a wonderful future.
C.J. Sansom, Revelation|Here they [the Jaredites] became a flourishing nation; but, giving way in time to internal dissensions, they divided into factions, which warred with one another until the people were totally destroyed (p. 15).
Dan Webster|It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job.
Joseph Epstein|If your party serves the powerful and well-funded interests, and there's no limit to what you can spend, you have a permanent, structural advantage. We're averaging fifty-dollar checks in our campaign, and trying to ward off these seven- or eight-figure checks on the other side. That disparity is pretty striking, and so are the implications. In many ways, we're back in the Gilded Age. We have robber barons buying the government.
Upton Sinclair, Dragon's Teeth I|Hitler was calling upon Almighty God to give him courage and strength to save the German people and right the wrongs of Versailles...and then to settle down and govern the county in the interest of those millions of oppressed "little people" for whom he spoke so eloquently.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Mika: Sometimes I just feel like you don’t want to be like this with me.Letti: Like what with you? You have no idea how much I want to be with you Mika.Mika: So, why don’t I feel it?Letti: :( What do you want me to do? You want me to tell everyone online that I’m with you? You want everyone to know how much I love you?Mika: I don't care about what people know, I just care about you. I want you in my life now and in the future, but how can I continue if you don't even "belong" to me...
Antonio Tabucchi|To become an astronaut, someone has to have a dream of his own to do something that he or she has always wanted to do, then commit himself to making that dream come true.
Victor Shamas|The world is perfect, and at the same time, it is in a constant state of unfolding. This is also true for you and me. Our quest for enlightenment is really just a re-connection with something that already exists in us.
Koushun Takami, Battle Royale|Shinji slowly fell forward onto his face. Debris bounced up on impact. It took less than thirty seconds for the rest of his body to die. The memento of his beloved uncle--the earring worn by the woman he loved--was now stained with the blood running down Shinji's left ear, reflecting the glow from the red flames of the farm building.And so the boy known as the Third Man, Shinji Mimura, was dead.
Jonny Steinberg, Thin Blue: The Unwritten Rules of Policing South Africa|So where'd you park the car, Max?''I don't know. I couldn't see over the wheel.''That's okay. I think I can smell it.
Aristotle|Those who persevere in sin are those who are held in abhorrence by God, but those who abandon the ways of sin are loved by the Lord.
Harold Cruse, The Crisis of the Negro Intellectual: A Historical Analysis of the Failure of Black Leadership|When straight-identified women have sex with women, the broader culture waits in anticipation for them to return to what is likely their natural, heterosexual state; when straight-identified men have sex with men, the culture waits in anticipation for them to admit that they are gay.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Valperga: Or, the Life and Adventures of Castruccio, Prince of Lucca|You have not studied the histories of ancient times, and perhaps know not the life that breathes in them; a soul of beauty and wisdom which had penetrated my heart of hearts.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|Hey, Rosalie? Do you know how to drown a blonde? Stick a mirror to the bottom of a pool.
Kenneth Eade|Of course, no government official will ever tell you that the cities may be making the people in them ill.
Dee Williams|Change what you can, darlin'. That's my best advice.
Daniel Kahneman|I used to hold a unitary view, in which I proposed that only experienced happiness matters, and that life satisfaction is a fallible estimate of true happiness.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|You don't know how to talk to people you don't like. Don't love, really. You can't live in the world with such strong likes and dislikes.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|In the Darwinian environment of business, one's most provocative words are naturally selected by competitors to be hurled back at them at the most inopportune moments. Do not arm your adversaries.
Donella H. Meadows|These folk are hewers of trees and hunters of beasts; therefore we are their unfriends, and if they will not depart we shall afflict them in all ways that we can.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|I write so others might contemplate things that are out of the ordinary. I write to make people feel—to cause laughter and tears and anger at injustice. I write so the world will imagine and wonder at crazy, incredible truths. I write to have a tiny bit of influence on a universal conscience.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|I am sure there is Magic in everything, only we have not sence enough to get hold of it and make it do things for us - like electricity and horses and steam.
Nikolas Schreck|...What you're calling evil, is part of human nature.
M. T. Panchal|We win some, we lose some, but there is always some.
Nana Awere Damoah, I Speak of Ghana|Looking around today, I see a lot of young people who act as if they have all the time in the world, and older persons who think this attitude is alright. It is unfortunate that there are young citizens who still believe life begins at forty and that life before forty is non-scoring, and older citizens who still insist that unless you are old, you have nothing to offer, equating age with wisdom.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Life's Motion|Moving on is the hardest thing to do, when that person made your life worth living for. Nomatter how difficult it's but we have to let go for own sake. Remember that your life is more precious than anything in this world.
Liz Reinhardt, Double Clutch|My idea of Heaven has nothing to do with fluffy clouds or angels. In my Heaven there's butter pecan ice cream and swimming pools and baseball games. The Brooklyn Dodgers always win, and I have the best seat in the house, right behind the Dodger's dugout. That's the only advantage that I can see about being dead: You get the best seat in the house.
Matt Mullenweg|Historically, WordPress has been purely focused on the writing side. However, we're thinking about mobile completely differently, and I think there's a big opportunity to take the community of creators that loves WordPress and deliver an audience to the amazing things they're making.
Rob Thurman, Basilisk|Maggie had a sinking suspicion that those stories her Aunt Lizzie told her, the ones that sent her to bed with her head full of leprechauns and fairies, may be more than fairytales after all.
Martin McGuinness|When I was coming of age, I remembered reading and studying the initial ideas within the feminist movement. There was this idea with my parents' generation that in order to find equality, a woman would need to behave like a man.
Paul Coffey|When I was little, I guess I was just an ordinary kid. But then things changed when I was in junior high. You know, kids that become geeks become one because of something. Like, they aren't good at sports, or girls don't like them. I, too, for some reason, got into things like science fiction and, well, especially science fiction as an escape.
Kristen Ashley, Ride Steady|The DFA and organizations like it have pushed and squeezed and elbowed out all the feeling in the world. They have clamped their fists around a geyser to keep it from exploding.But the pressure eventually builds, and the explosion will always come.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Why, then, does the man in love hang with complete abandon on the eyes of his chosen one, and is ready to make every sacrifice for her? Because it is his immortal part that longs for her; it is always the mortal part alone that longs for everything else. That eager and even ardent longing, directed to a particular woman, is therefore an immediate pledge of the indestructibility of the kernel of our true nature…”―from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Payne. In Two Volumes, Volume II, p. 559
Kelsey Brickl, Hardtack: A Civil War Story|Every puff was like sucking in the abyss, yet he inhaled until his lungs filled with toxic smoke that clouded his thoughts of her.
Sara Trimble, Heart Over Mind|Even a goat got to be a goat." Esperança's comments about slaves during the triangular slave trade.
Debasish Mridha|On October 14th, the sweetest thing happened to me. On that day at sunset, I met you by the sea. It was that day I found a great purpose and a wonderful reason to be.
John Milton, Areopagitica|For books are not absolutely dead things, but do contain a potency of life in them to be as active as that soul was whose progeny they are; nay, they do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living intellect that bred them.
Francesca Lia Block, Pink Smog|You have to make your own family, your own life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[God] wants to help you overcome the bitterness and anger that you feel, and He wants to encourage you . . . He knows that anger and depression will never help you deal with your problems—they only make them worse.
Patrick Holland|That I have no right to be jealous is irrelevant. It is a human passion: the sick, white underbelly of love.
Fidelis O. Mkparu|All are dead, and ourselves left alone amidst a new generation whom we know not, and who know us not.
John F. Kennedy|Politics begin where the masses are, not where there are thousands, but where there are millions, that is where serious politics begin.
Jeremy Grantham|I do fear death. But what I actually fear is not dying. I mean, true, it will be sad. But I know that there is a better place waiting for me.
Scott Stabile|But every stroke of the brush, every lyric, every word whispered between human beings resulted from the pain of being alone. In our haunted heads, our imperfect bodies. Islands carved from clay and bone, our skulls like shells full of mist.
Chelsea Quinn Yarbro, Cautionary Tales|Who were these people, all of them young couples, a few fabulous ones, tall thin-haired blondes with toned men in perfectly pressed jeans -- neither fearing the loss of the other.
Steven Wright|You know how it is when you're reading a book and falling asleep, you're reading, reading... and all of a sudden you notice your eyes are closed? I'm like that all the time.
Khmer Rouge|I’ve always been bad. Probably I shall be bad again, punished again. But the worse I am, the more I need God. I can’t shut myself out from His mercy.
Paul Silway|Truth and the breastplate of righteousness—being right with God— strengthen us in all our endeavors. We need the shoes of preparation on any of life’s fields, along with the shield of faith—like football pads— to protect against the enemy’s attacks. The helmet of salvation, like a football helmet, also keeps us safe.Praying each day and putting on the full armor of God will help us gain an automatic first down—a deeper connection in God’s zone— and a sure win on any playing field.
Richie Norton|Every day you're not doing that thing you want to do (your dream), you're spending mental currency, your dream currency (time) on the wrong thing.
Elie Wiesel, Conversations with Elie Wiesel|Khusrau darya prem ka, ulti wa ki dhaar,  Jo utra so doob gaya, jo dooba so paar.  English Translation. Oh Khusrau, the river of love Runs in strange directions.  One who jumps into it drowns,  And one who drowns, gets across.
Ron Brackin|Lust is insatiable, whether it feeds on power, wealth, or flesh. It eventually consumes our morality and ultimately consumes our humanity.
Charles de Lint|T.H. moved through the forest like the melody of a well-known song, in perfect harmony with his surroundings.
Eckhart Tolle|I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that.
Robert  Black|Don't think too much. There'll be time to think later. Analysis won't help. You're chiseling now. You're passing your hands over the wood. Now the page is no longer blank. There's something there. It isn't your business yet to know whether it's going to be prize-worthy someday, or whether it will gather dust in a drawer. Now you've carved the tree. You've chiseled the marbled. You've begun.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|Living did not mean one joy piled upon another. It was merely the hope for less pain, hope played like a playing card upon another hope, a wish for kindnesses and mercies to emerge like kings and queens in an unexpected change of the game. One could hold the cards oneself or not: they would land the same regardless.
Katie Reus, Deadly Fallout|It's all messed up," she said.	"What is?" he asked quietly from behind her.	"Us."	"We're doing okay."	"I didn't set out to trap you or anything." Keith had accused her of that a hundred times.	"I don't feel trapped."	"Why?"	"I'm a simple guy. I have a beautiful woman in my arms. What's there to complain about?"	"I'm hardly beautiful. I look like an eggplant."	"Purple is my favorite color."	"There's a really annoying dinosaur you might want to watch with Justin over breakfast." But she smiled into the darkness.
Clint Catalyst, Cottonmouth Kisses|Holding up an oil-paper umbrella,I loiter aimlessly in the long, longAnd lonely rainy alley,I hope to encounterA lilac-like girlNursing her resentmentA lilac-like color she hasA lilac-like fragrance,A lilac-like sadness,Melancholy in the rain,Sorrowful and uncertain;She loiters aimlessly in this lonely rainy alleyHolding up an oil-paper umbrellaJust like meAnd just like meWalks silently,Apathetic, sad and disconsolateSilently she moves closerMoves closer and castsA sigh-like glanceShe glides byLike a dreamHazy and confused like a dreamAs in a dream she glides pastLike a lilac spray,This girl glides past beside me;She silently moves away, moves awayUp to the broken-down bamboo fence,To the end of the rainy alley.In the rains sad song,Her color vanishesHer fragrance diffuses,Even herSigh-like glance,Lilac-like discontentVanish.Holding up an oil-paper umbrella, aloneAimlessly walking in the long, longAnd lonely rainy alley,I wish forA lilac-like girlNursing her resentment glide by.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the world you created on your own is stronger than the real world, then the real world disappears and you stay alone with your own created world!
Bill Goldberg|Anything I did with the WWE was not therapeutic by any stretch of the imagination. The reality is that nobody's going to tell you that, because they have an umbilical cord hooked to Vince McMahon. I, ladies and gentlemen, do not.
Joan Kirner|When dealing with American politics, you try to follow the money, and that's where it leads you. It doesn't take you to the electoral college or to Princeton. It takes you down the darker alleys of American life.
Dennis Lehane, Mystic River|If ignorance is on the march, stand aside and let it pass you by.
Cristina Marrero| 'How old were you when you realized you were... different?' Logan opened his mouth, then smiled slyly, 'What sort of different? Gay different, magic different, or just plain fucked-in-the-head-crazy different?' Collin bit back a smile at Logan's delivery, 'Magic different.' 'Ah,' Logan said, 'Pity, the other stories are a lot more fun.' 
Eckhart Tolle|Owners lavish love on their pets, which is why so many go from non-aggressive pups to being out of control when they're older. People just don't realise their dog must respect them as leader of the pack.
A.G. Howard, RoseBlood|I don’t want to blend,” Etalon whispered. “I want to belong.
Edward Bellamy, Looking Backward|Civilization depends on continually making the effort, of never giving in. It needs to be cared for by men of goodwill, protected from the dark.
Rayvon L. Browne|Try it before you doubt it, because it might just be for you
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|We have to show these men and women freedom by enslaving them, and show them courage by frightening them.
Robert Jordan, Starscape Boxed Set B Mixed|You have made flowers grow where I cultivated dust and stones. Remember this, on this journey you insist on making. If you die, I will not survive you long.
Tarun J. Tejpal, The Alchemy of Desire|The greatest book in the world, the Mahabharata, tells us we all have to live and die by our karmic cycle. Thus works the perfect reward-and-punishment, cause-and-effect, code of the universe. We live out in our present life what we wrote out in our last. But the great moral thriller also orders us to rage against karma and its despotic dictates. It teaches us to subvert it. To change it. It tells us we also write out our next lives as we live out our present.The Mahabharata is not a work of religious instruction.It is much greater. It is a work of art.It understands men will always fall in the shifting chasm between the tug of the moral and the lure of the immoral. It is in this shifting space of uncertitude that men become men. Not animals, not gods. It understands truth is relative. That it is defined by context and motive. It encourages the noblest of men - Yudhishtra, Arjuna, Lord Krishna himself - to lie, so that a greater truth may be served.It understands the world is powered by desire. And that desire is an unknowable thing. Desire conjures death, destruction, distress.But also creates love, beauty, art. It is our greatest undoing. And the only reason for all doing.And doing is life. Doing is karma.Thus it forgives even those who desire intemperately. It forgives Duryodhana. The man who desires without pause. The man who precipitates the war to end all wars. It grants him paradise and the admiration of the gods. In the desiring and the doing this most reviled of men fulfils the mandate of man. You must know the world before you are done with it. You must act on desire before you renounce it. There can be no merit in forgoing the not known.The greatest book in the world rescues volition from religion and gives it back to man.Religion is the disciplinarian fantasy of a schoolmaster.The Mahabharata is the joyous song of life of a maestro.In its tales within tales it takes religion for a spin and skins it inside out. Leaves it puzzling over its own poisoned follicles.It gives men the chance to be splendid. Doubt-ridden architects of some small part of their lives. Duryodhanas who can win even as they lose.
Shunryu Suzuki|It is said that there are four kinds of horses: excellent ones, good ones, poor ones, and bad ones. The best horse will run slow and fast, right and left, at the driver’s will, before it sees the shadow of the whip; the second best will run as well as the first one does, just before the whip reaches its skin; the third one will run when it feels pain on its body; the fourth will run after the pain penetrates to the marrow of its bones. You can imagine how difficult it is for the fourth one to learn how to run!When we hear this story, almost all of us want to be the best horse. If it is impossible to be the best one, we want to be the second best. That is, I think, the usual understanding of this story, and of Zen. You may think that when you sit in zazen you will find out whether you are one of the best horses or one of the worst ones. Here, however, there is a misunderstanding of Zen. If you think the aim of Zen practice is to train you to become one of the best horses, you will have a big problem. This is not the right understanding. If you practice Zen in the right way it does not matter whether you are the best horse or the worst one. When you consider the mercy of Buddha, how do you think Buddha will feel about the four kinds of horses? He will have more sympathy for the worst one than for the best one.When you are determined to practice zazen with the great mind of Buddha, you will find the worst horse is the most valuable one. In your very imperfections you will find the basis for your firm, way-seeking mind. Those who can sit perfectly physically usually take more time to obtain the true way of Zen, the actual feeling of Zen, the marrow of Zen. But those who find great difficulties in practicing Zen will find more meaning in it. So I think that sometimes the best horse may be the worst horse, and the worst horse can be the best one.If you study calligraphy you will find that those who are not so clever usually become the best calligraphers. Those who are very clever with their hands often encounter great difficulty after they have reached a certain stage. This is also true in art and in Zen. It is true in life. So when we talk about Zen we cannot say, 'He is good,' or 'He is bad,' in the ordinary sense of the words. The posture taken in zazen is not the same for each of us. For some it may be impossible to take the cross-legged posture. But even though you cannot take the right posture, when you arouse your real, way-seeking mind, you can practice Zen in its true sense. Actually it is easier for those who have difficulties in sitting to arouse the true way-seeking mind that for those who can sit easily.
Marquis de Lafayette|And if you are a parent, introduce your children to their neighborhood library. It will give them a real sense of independence to have their own library card and enjoy borrowing books.
Shayna York|You like it when I play with your clit, baby?” —Bryce Van Der Linden (Never Say Never, Unbearable Passion, #1)
Sara Sheridan|Write at a pace that doesn't surpass your creative flow. Don't be hasty; don't be sloppy. Don't forfeit impressive writing for an impressive word count. Because eventually it will all have to be edited, and you'll find that it is harder to make bad writing good than to make good writing better.
Lita Burke, Old Bony Blue Eyes|Pick up a thing," [Wizard Kadmeion's]mother would say. "Touch, smell, and taste it. Listen to its nonsense. Then put the funny thing in its proper place.
Sabrina Jeffries, Dance of Seduction|Then what’s the problem? You keep telling me she’s just a job. So, fine. The job’s done. You found her. You trained her. Now she has to do her part. She has to kill Dmitri. Whether she can survive the battle or not doesn’t matter, and it isn’t up to you to decide.” Luc got up from the swing and went to Daniel. “Listen, man, I’m trying to be a friend here. You’ve been down here so long you’re starting to think like one of them. Quit trying to grow a conscience and just finish what you started.
Mira Jacob, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing|Like many people whose lives had formed around a particularly painful incident, she had grown used to providing ellipses around the event of her brother's death to keep conversations comfortable. At some point the subconscious logic of this had spread to the rest of her life so that she rarely talked about things she had been deeply affected by. It wasn't hard to do.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Living in the Moment - Living in the Breath|Mindfulness is not a mechanical process. It is developing a very gentle, kind, and creative awareness to the present moment.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|If two people are meant for one another, that doesn't mean that they have to rush and be together right away. Real love takes time to grow, just like how it takes time to grow from children to adults.
Whitney Wolfe|I'm quite detached from failure and success. Once a shooting is done, I kind of close that chapter in my life.
Jill Santopolo, The Light We Lost|If Stalin gives you a love advice, it has to succeed.
Charlaine Harris, Dead Reckoning|What? Just because I can't have you right now, doesn't mean I'm okay with him having you.
M.D. Elster, Four Kings|The hours wear on, while the surreal atmosphere of the asylum does not wear off.
Andrew Solomon|I'm grateful for my lines of wisdom. Of course, there are days when I think: 'Oh my gawd, I look a bit tired.' But I can pull it together if I have to.
Norman Jewison|No, actually 'The Host' was totally a palate-cleanser for me. I wanted to do something a little bit different than romantic love. Romantic love is in there, obviously, because I enjoy writing about that and living it a lot.
Sophie Kinsella|When I shop, the world gets better, and the world is better, but then it's not, and I need to do it again.(Confessions of a Shopaholic-the movie)
Robert Bly, Talking into the Ear of a Donkey: Poems|She had known the kind of love that was worth risking everything for, the kind of love that was as rare as a glimpse of heaven.
Stefan Molyneux|We have to HIDE from each other because we think that we are the only ones BROKEN. We think we're the only ones whose original selves we ground up and smashed under the jack-booted heel of cultural lies and superstition, patriotism, war lust, war hunger, and a denial of AGGRESSION AGAINST CHILDREN THAT IS THE FOUNDATION OF CULTURE. Culture is everything that is NOT TRUE. If it's true, it's called 'math' or 'science' or 'facts'. Culture is the Stockholm syndrome we have with the historical lies that are convenient to the rules. We love the lies, because we don't think we can be loved if we don't.
Eleanor Roosevelt|In the United States […] the two main business-dominated parties, with the support of the corporate community, have refused to reform laws that make it virtually impossible to create new political parties (that might appeal to non-business interests) and let them be effective. Although there is marked and frequently observed dissatisfaction with the Republicans and Democrats, electoral politics is one area where notions of competitions and free choice have little meaning. In some respects the caliber of debate and choice in neoliberal elections tends to be closer to that of the one-party communist state than that of a genuine democracy.
Marlo Thomas|One of the things about equality is not just that you be treated equally to a man, but that you treat yourself equally to the way you treat a man.
Katha Pollitt, Pro: Reclaiming Abortion Rights|There had always been a little wiggle room in state abortion laws, because doctors were still permitted to perform them for “therapeutic” reasons—to save a woman’s life, for example.7 But what did that mean, exactly? An amicus curiae brief in Roe from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and several other medical groups observed that “a woman suffering from heart disease, diabetes or cancer whose pregnancy worsens the underlying pathology may be denied a medically indicated therapeutic abortion under the statute because death is not certain.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I have read the bible, seen its errors and perfections, but the bits of lie contained therein has contaminated the truth.
Stephen R. Donaldson, The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant, the Unbeliever|Whenever you take on playing a villain, he has to cease to be a villain to you. If you judge this man by his time, he's doing very little wrong.
Rick Moranis|The entertainment world, television, movies, social media, YouTube stuff, we're so bombarded with so much imagery and such a great sense of inhumanity, and there is a coarseness, a coarsening of interaction.
Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys|..he may love you, he may miss you, but ultimately he's just not that into you.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Mothers were much too sharp. They were like dogs. Buster always sensed when anything was out of the ordinary, and so did mothers. Mothers and dogs both had a kind of second sight that made them see into people's minds and know when anything unusual was going on.
John Owen|There is no imagination wherewith man is besotted, more foolish, none so pernicious as this,- that persons not purified, not sanctified, not made holy in their life, should afterwards be taken into that state of blessedness which consists in the enjoyment of God. Neither can such persons enjoy God, nor would God be a reward to them. Holiness is perfected in heaven: but the beginning of it is invariably confined to this world.
Simon Mashalla|I have never seen a strong and better weapon as truth. When you are honest you will just love it. People are afraid of the truth because of its sharpness, that’s why they’re liars.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen|Snow flurries began to fall and they swirled around people's legs like house cats. It was magical, this snow globe world.
Kristin Hannah, Firefly Lane|You are covered in blood," Tybalt said again, stressing the words harder this time. "It makes me tense." There was a thud as the guard hit the floor, and Tybalt returned to my side."Wow. You must be tense a lot."He sighed. "You have no idea.
Ashley Montagu, The Human Connection|Man's first expression, like his first dream, was an aesthetic one. Speech was a poetic outcry rather than a demand for communication. Original man, shouting his consonants, did so in yells of awe and anger at his tragic state, at his own self-awareness and at his own helplessness before the void.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|Freud was a genius; geniuses are bright but not necessarily right. What they do do, right or wrong, is to provide images that guide, or compel, the lives of the rest of us. If we are not careful we may accept the inevitability of these images. It seems that great men offer us a portion of reality and, because of their greatness, we take it for the whole.
|The people who truly matter, would surely love you unconditionally for being true to yourself. So why worry about those who wouldn't accept you?
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|After all," Anne had said to Marilla once, "I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens but just those that bring simple little pleasures, following one another softly, like pearls slipping off a string.
S.W. Biddulph|To know and not to do, is not to know.
Mario Vargas Llosa|The writer’s job is to write with rigor, with commitment, to defend what they believe with all the talent they have. I think that’s part of the moral obligation of a writer, which cannot be only purely artistic. I think a writer has some kind of responsibility at least to participate in the civic debate. I think literature is impoverished, if it becomes cut from the main agenda of people, of society, of life.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|I feel that I am merely an agent, giving you some keys that have been given to me to pass on to you. These keys are to unlock doors out of your present prison. Doors opening onto new vistas. Doors beyond where you are now.
Vinita Kinra|Always ask, ‘Do you love me?’ before saying, ‘I love you.
Pearl Zhu, Digital It: 100 Q&as|Communication, collaboration, and creativity are the keys to run IT as a better business partner.
William C. Bryant|If you want an interesting party sometime, combine cocktails and a fresh box of crayons for everyone.
Lousia May Alcott|I wondered whether water is a mirror for our darker emotions as much as it is an engine for our happiness. Water quiets all the noise, all the distractions, and connects you to your own thoughts.
C.S. Lewis, On Stories: And Other Essays on Literature|Curiosity deepest connection that we have with knowledge, wisdom and life. Incuriosity is cutting all these connections.
Frank Wanderer|In the course of our Journey we need to realize that we do not need to become anything, because we are already in possession of the characteristics that we have been looking for so far, pursuing an image projected into the future.
Daniel Waterman|With this answer Elizabeth was forced to be content; but her own opinion continued the same, and she left disappointed and sorry. It was not in her nature, however, to increase her vexations by dwelling on them. She was confident of having performed her duty, and to fret over unavoidable evils, or augment them by anxiety, was no part of her disposition.
Cj Lacuesta|This mysticism, whose mysticism? This belongs to this body. See, God is nothing, this human being is all and within this human body there is infinite power. Man is all, nothing beyond it and we could not fathom of the infinite power of a human body.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The tallest and oldest trees that seemed to have just have casually always been there, hold the greatest love: as it nurtures love for others: providing shade for two lovers, becoming home for birds to build a nest, and giving food to the squirrels whom scurry upon it.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Your biggest dreams can become reality, not by brute-forcing the end-goal, but breaking it down into smaller, more manageable parts. If your goal takes years, breaking it down into months and days will let you improve your lot little bits at a time.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|It almost occurred; It almost got hold of my purity, Just as it headed for the war within my being,I fed it a light so bright; It thought it almost had control of me. Depression is just a dis-ease, So; Let your mind be free
Bill Goldberg|Different days, I think about different victories. Ricky Hatton is one of those fights. I respect Ricky Hatton. He's a warrior. He's a hell of a warrior.
Rick Riordan, The Hammer of Thor|We need our goats!” I yelled.I waded through the crowd until I reached our chariot. I grabbed Otis’s face and pressed my forehead against his.“Testing,” I whispered. “Is this goat on? Thor, can you hear me?”“You have beautiful eyes,” Otis told me.
Dale Carnegie, The Art of Public Speaking|Live an active life among people who are doing worthwhile things, keep eyes and ears and mind and heart open to absorb truth, and then tell of the things you know, as if you know them. The world will listen, for the world loves nothing so much as real life.
Tim O"Mara, Crooked Numbers|There was something in the back of my brain, tapping its fingers on the door to my memory.
Brian Eno|When I first started making ambient music, I was setting up systems using synthesizers that generated pulses more or less randomly. The end result is a kind of music that continuously changes. Of course, until computers came along, all I could actually present of that work was a piece of its output.
Don DeLillo, Americana|Once out of the mailroom, I began to learn more about fear. As soonas fear begins to ascend, anatomically, from the pit of the stomach to thethroat and brain, from fear of violence to the more nameless kind, youcome to believe you are part of a horrible experiment. I learned todistrust those superiors who encouraged independent thinking. When yougave it to them, they returned it in the form of terror, for they knewthat ideas, only that, could hasten their obsolescence. Management askedfor new ideas all the time; memos circulated down the echelons, requestingbold and challenging concepts. But I learned that new ideas could finishyou unless you wrapped them in a plastic bag. I learned that most of thesecretaries were more intelligent than most of the executives and that theexecutive secretaries were to be feared more than anyone. I learned whatclosed doors meant and that friendship was not negotiable currency and howimportant it was to lie even when there was no need to lie. Words andmeanings were at odds. Words did not say what was being said nor even itsreverse. I learned to speak a new language and soon mastered the specialelements of that tongue.
Tom Stoppard, The Invention of Love|And when you are being kissed like this, you are Christmas Day; you are the moon shot; you are field larks. My shoes were suddenly worth a million pounds, and my breath was the ethyl in champagne. When someone kisses you like this, you are the point of everything.
Chase Webster, Eat'em|The Pepto?” I asked.“The Pepto,” he sighed and read the label. “Yes, the Pepto. This, yes. The candies. They’re in here. I found them, yes. I found them here. You. You were sleeping. I found these. They’re yours, yes? I want them. If I can have them. These. These Pepto. Oh… yes. If I can have them I’d be grateful, yes… I’d follow you. I’d follow you now until the day you die. From now until then, yes. I’d follow you and I would be your one true compatriot. The Don Quixote to your Sancho Panza, the Batman to your Robin, the Huckleberry Finn to your Nigger Jim. Yours. You. And… hm… yes. From then on I’d do what you ask of me. As your one true ally to do what you need. I’d be the best friend you have. Best. All I ask for, to be yours until forever, is that you bestow upon me these delightful morsels I have found of yours for my consumptive pleasure.”“Yes,” I said, not thinking twice. “Take it. Eat’em.”“Eat’em, great,” he said. “Yes. A strange name, but I like it. That’s what you will call me then. Eat’em. Thank you for this.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|To lead and live the life of your dream, you must arise and be in-charge of the authorship of your own destiny.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The refusal to change by clinging onto superficial material wealth at any cost today, is a certain sentence of death tomorrow for all future priceless life entities we have come to love and know.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|The truth is, we value your company, for want of any other. We have been left so much to our own devices—after a while one welcomes the uncertainty of being left to other people's.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|If He is God, He is still in charge.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I'm not a sucker for happily ever afters, but if these two characters don't get theirs I might climb inside this e-reader and lock them both inside that damn garage forever.
Mohamemd Zaki Ansari|Addiction of Narcotics and Addiction of flirt are same,person cant give up Narcotics Addiction neither Flirting Addiction,Doesn't matter,its destroyed self character or all relations.For this Both Addiction person can left all anything,but impossible to leave it. But mind it.Flirting Addiction is more dangerous then narcotics because Narcotics Kills Self and Flirting Addiction Kills Another someone.
Sunday Adelaja|The river was very real; it held him comfortably and gave him the time at last, the leisure, to consider this month, this year, and a lifetime of years.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The most beautiful jewelry in the world is not a diamond necklace, but two hearts beating as one.
Love, Life, and Logic|By holding hands a couple can always say a lot of things they couldn’t have otherwise said in a public place. Among a million people, they can touch and tickle each other at their most intimate places: their hearts.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|People go through life blindly, ignoring death like revellers at a party feasting on fine foods. They ignore that later they will have to go to the toilet, so they do not bother to find out where there is one. When nature finally calls, they have no idea where to go and are in a mess.
Alexis de Tocqueville|The Americans of the United States do not let their dogs hunt the Indians as do the Spaniards in Mexico, but at bottom it is the same pitiless feeling which here, as everywhere else, animates the European race. This world here belongs to us, they tell themselves every day: the Indian race is destined for final destruction which one cannot prevent and which it is not desirable to delay. Heaven has not made them to become civilized; it is necessary that they die. Besides I do not want to get mixed up in it. I will not do anything against them: I will limit myself to providing everything that will hasten their ruin. In time I will have their lands and will be innocent of their death. Satisfied with his reasoning, the American goes to church where he hears the minister of the gospel repeat every day that all men are brothers, and that the Eternal Being who has made them all in like image, has given them all the duty to help one another.
Annabel Fanning, She|And her lips: so inviting, bathed in shimmering wet, dark red gloss. They were meant for only two things, kissing and making love to your cock.
Milton Friedman|Economics is a study of cause-and-effect relationships in an economy. It's purpose is to discern the consequences of various ways of allocating resources which have alternative uses. It has nothing to say about philosophy or values, anymore than it has to say about music or literature.
Muhammad Ali|I hope I have a long career, but I really don't think about the future like that. I live, like, for right now, honestly. I take it however it comes.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|Anxiety was born in the very same moment as mankind. And since we will never be able to master it, we will have to learn to live with it—just as we have learned to live with storms.
Ruth Cardello, Maid for the Billionaire|We all have control over what kind of person we are. Each word that comes out, each action that we take, defines us.
fouadid|The boy she'd once loved was gone, and she'd accept it. But even if she didn't want Eric back, he'd hurt her. He was the enemy, and the Universal Girl Code stipulated friends should band together in hating the ****** till death.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|His voice is like a thunderstorm, and his hands know every secret hidden deep beneath the cool, dark earth.
Sean Parker|If our soldiers are not overburdened with money, it is not because they have a distaste for riches; if their lives are not unduly long, it is not because they are disinclined to longevity.
Avijeet Das|We all may be living in different countries, geographical areas, and time zones but one thing which unites us all is that we all belong to one race which is humanity!
Simone de Beauvoir|I am too intelligent, too demanding, and too resourceful for anyone to be able to take charge of me entirely. No one knows me or loves me completely. I have only myself
Angela Carter, The Erl-King|I'm a lot to handle, but I can assure you, you'll have fun handling me.
Annie Besant|It's something we, guys, have all done. Made tapes for girls, trying to impress them, to meet them on a shared plane of aesthetics. Read them someone else's poetry because they do poetry better than you could do it, because you're too awkward to do it.
John M Sheehan|When you want to know how God wants you to reach your city, start a new church, or be involved in His work, ask Him. Then when He tells you, don't be surprised if you can't find any church that is doing it the same way.
Douglas Coupland, Hey Nostradamus!|It's funny; in this era of e-mail and voice mail and all those things that even I did not grow up with, a plain old paper letter takes on amazing intimacy.
Helmut Jahn|Living in Edinburgh, I consider myself particularly lucky - we have the biggest book festival in the world, a plethora of fascinating libraries and museums, and some of the greatest architecture in Europe.
Maya Angelou|Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got.
Dannika Dark|Life is here to teach us, so be a good student. Mistakes are the only way we learn.
Emily Palermo|They’ve kept the truth about Persephone a secret,burying it deep below Hercules’s murdered wifeand all of Zeus’s affairs.It’s dangerous, you see, a spark threatening to ignite a long dead flame.Power.She loved her power,the Queen of the Dead,to forever reign in the fires of hell. She wore her crown like a beacon;a beautiful queen,plotting against her king.They never wanted youto know the hunger of Persephone,how she starved for something other than pomegranates.Control.The primal thirst that burns all women’s throats,denied by eons of men.Listen closely to the voice from hell, sweetheart. “You are a queen;don’t wait for a king.
Sylvia Plath|What I fear most, I think, is the death of the imagination.
Ivana Trump|Well, I'm not good with sliminess. I hate the thought of creatures that have slime on them or creatures that leave a slimy trail. At home, the sight of a slug can bring up my breakfast.
Carla H. Krueger|On writing, my advice is the same to all. If you want to be a writer, write. Write and write and write. If you stop, start again. Save everything that you write. If you feel blocked, write through it until you feel your creative juices flowing again. Write. Writing is what makes a writer, nothing more and nothing less. — Ignore critics. Critics are a dime a dozen. Anybody can be a critic. Writers are priceless. — Go where the pleasure is in your writing. Go where the pain is. Write the book you would like to read. Write the book you have been trying to find but have not found. But write. And remember, there are no rules for our profession. Ignore rules. Ignore what I say here if it doesn’t help you. Do it your own way. — Every writer knows fear and discouragement. Just write. — The world is crying for new writing. It is crying for fresh and original voices and new characters and new stories. If you won’t write the classics of tomorrow, well, we will not have any. Good luck.
John Tesh|They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn't. I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality.
Jennifer L. Armentrout|Thick pulse and dizziness make his head light and stomach turn. He really can’t feel his fingers, or knees for that matter. But everything settles down again—almost as if it were always meant to—when his eyes graze a dumb grin and a pair of glittering eyes.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|with rare exceptions (chiefly the social insects), mammals and birds are the only organisms to devote substantial attention to the care of their young; an evolutionary development that, through the long period of plasticity which it permits, takes advantage of the large information-processing capability of the mammalian and primate brains. Love seems to be an invention of the mammals.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Daytime sleep is like the sin of the flesh; the more you have the more you want, and yet you feel unhappy, sated and unsated at the same time.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|Viktor was swinging a leather duffle and wearing a black Adidas tracksuit and his favorite brown UGG slippers with a hole in the toe."Worn and old, just like Viv," he'd say when Frankie made fun of them, and then his wife would swat him on the arm. But Frankie knew he was just joking, because Viveka was the type of woman you wished was in a magazine just so you could stare at her violet-colored eyes and shiny black hair without being called a stalker or a freak.
Craig Davidson, Cataract City|I miss that jellied coconut and thatinvigorating coconut water,Oh, how I miss my sweet Barbados,"Yes, this is your lost daughter
Stephen Russell, Barefoot Doctor's Guide to the Tao: A Spiritual Handbook for the Urban Warrior|For a few moments, attune your mind to the idea of harmony and peaceful coexistence flowing among all peoples and nations.The source of this idea is deep within your heart.As you calmly breathe in and out, picture it radiating from you like a fine, colored vapor gradually covering the face of the earth.See it enter the hearts of everyone, especially those stuck in the mad zones.Feel it circulate everywhere until it comes all the way round and back to you.This is love in action.The source of this love is the Tao.Savor this.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|A man can own a woman, and a man can own a knife, but no man can own both,
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|It was one thing to sacrifice your own life for someone else's. It was another thing entirely to bring into the mix a third party - a third party who knew you, who trusted you implicitly.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|Through channeling, we can make conscious contact with higher planes. We can also communicate with beings who are physical but nonhumans, such as devas (nature spirits), dolphins and whales, and extraterrestrials.
Shirin Neshat|I feel privileged and honored to have flown. It's been a tremendous ride, looking back on the legacy and accomplishments, like the Hubble telescope and the launching of the International Space Station in 1998.
Albert Camus|Au milieu de l'hiver, j'ai découvert en moi un invincible été.
Jerry Spinelli|America—where we hate our fathers, love our mothers, andeveryone is hung up on tryingto be a man
Richie Norton|The definition of management is literally "control," but the definition of true leadership is love.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Without you discovering your true picture, it will be hard to have a glorious future. It is the discovery of what you have inside and the pursuit of it that can guarantee a glorious future
Harry Truman|The Republicans believe in the minimum wage -- the more the minimum, the better.
Tim O'Brien, Going After Cacciato|Imagination, like reality, has its limits.
Terry Pratchett|We're Human beings with the blood of a million savage years on our hands, but we can stop it. We can admit that we're killers, but we're not going to kill, today. That's all it takes. Knowing that we won't kill, today.
Buck Brannaman|We see anything actionable, we don’t react to it. We consider it.
Alan Dershowitz|The government must give proper weight to both keeping America safe from terrorists and protecting Americans' privacy. But when Americans lack the most basic information about our domestic surveillance programs, they have no way of knowing whether we're getting that balance right. This lack of transparency is a big problem.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Not learning by doing, but learning by risking.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|When your dream turns into a nightmare, rise to the challenge and slaughter the dragons
Toni Morrison|Naturally all of them had a sad story: too much notice, not enough, or the worst kind. Some tale about dragon daddies and false-hearted men, or mean mamas and friends who did them wrong. Each story has a monster in it who made them tough instead of brave, so they open their legs rather than their hearts where that folded child is tucked.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|One's sentiments -- call them that -- one's fidelities are so instinctive that one hardly knows they exist: only when they are betrayed or, worse still, when one betrays them does one realize their power.
Swami Beyondananda|Broken Wind believed that we are traumatized as babies by intestinal gas or colic. The great shaman invented a technique called "gastral projection" to help release these traumas. His philosophy was simple: "To air is human ... but to really cut one loose is divine.
Emil M. Cioran, On the Heights of Despair|I hate wise men because they are lazy, cowardly, and prudent. To the philosophers' equanimity, which makes them indifferent to both pleasure and pain, I prefer devouring passions. The sage knows neither the tragedy of passion, nor the fear of death, nor risk and enthusiasm, nor barbaric, grotesque, or sublime heroism. He talks in proverbs and gives advice. He does not live, feel, desire, wait for anything. He levels down all the incongruities of life and then suffers the consequences. So much more complex is the man who suffers from limitless anxiety. The wise man's life is empty and sterile, for it is free from contradiction and despair. An existence full of irreconcilable contradictions is so much richer and creative. The wise man's resignation springs from inner void, not inner fire. I would rather die of fire than of void.
C.G. Jung|i think the idea of a 'mental health day' is something completely invented by people who have no clue what it's like to have bad mental health. the idea that your mind can be aired out in twenty-four hours is kind of like saying heart disease can be cured if you eat the right breakfast cereal. mental health days only exist for people who have the luxury of saying 'i don't want to deal with things today' and then can take the whole day off, while the rest of us are stuck fighting the fights we always fight, with no one really caring one way or another, unless we choose to bring a gun to school or ruin the morning announcements with a suicide.
D.A. Botta|It is an awesome tragedy in this life that, when asking what a person is and they reply doctor or lawyer or engineer, we don't say "Well thats a nice little hobby, but why don't you take up writing or painting or music?
John Fowles, The Magus|They would think she was savoring the taste (blueberries, cinnamon, cream-excellent), but she was actually savoring the whole morning, trying to catch it, pin it down, keep it safe before all those precious moments became yet another memory.
Dave Eggers, What Is the What|I had forgotten that, and so many things. How could I put everything down on paper? It seemed impossible. No matter what, the majority of life would be left out of this story, this sliver of a version of the life I'd known. But I tried anyway.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|What job a fascinating view does, apart from fascinating you? It does this: It perfectly motivates you to love existence much more than you can love!
Alison Sweeney|A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all.
Kristin Miller, So I Married a Werewolf|She stood in the snow, effervescent, all pale skin and blonde hair, clad in white and bathed in moonlight. She should have looked angelic, instead she looked like a corpse, freshly raised from the grave, frosted in ice and darkness, swaying precariously in a graveyard.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|You can influence a whole plethora of things, and just as they can influence you then you can influence them.
Mary Kay Ash|Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event. You don't fail overnight. Instead, failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day.
Dan Chaon, Stay Awake|Hesitantly, I touched the stump where my finger used to be. In my mind, something almost remembered itself, but the fumes of turpentine were making me a little lightheaded; whatever memory was on the verge of coughing itself up was gone even before it materialized. Out the window, I could see a squirrel was stumbling erratically around in circles underneath the old basketball net. Then I realized that it wasn't a squirrel; it was a brown paper bag.
Karen Blixen, Letters from Africa, 1914-1931|There is hardly any other sphere in which prejudice and superstition of the most horrific kind have been retained so long as in that of women, and just as it must have been an inexpressable relief for humanity when it shook off the burden of religious prejudice and superstition, I think it will be truly glorious when women become real people and have the whole world open before them.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Curse|As his people positioned themselves in and around the pass, Arin though that he might have misunderstood the Valorian addiction to war. He had assumed it was spurred by greed. By a savage sense of superiority. It had never occurred to him that Valorians also went to war because of love.Arin loved those hours of waiting. The silent, brilliant tension, like scribbles of heat lightning. His city far below and behind him, his hand on a cannon's curve, ears open to the acoustics of the pass. He stared into it, and even though he smelled the reek of fear from men and women around him, he was caught in a kind of wonder.He felt so vibrant. As if his life was fresh, translucent, thin-skinned fruit. It could be sliced apart and he wouldn't care. Nothing felt like this. 
Cormac McCarthy, Suttree|Used to be a hobo right smart. back in the thirties. They wasnt no work I dont care what you could do. I was ridin through the mountains one night, state of Colorado. Dead of winter it was and bitter cold. I had just a smidgin of tobacco, bout enough for one or two smokes. I was in one of them old slatsided cars and I'd been up and down in it like a dog tryin to find some place where the wind wouldnt blow. Directly I scrunched up in a corner and rolled me a smoke and lit it and thowed the match down. Well, they was some sort of stuff in the floor about like tinder and it caught fire. I jumped up and stomped on it and it aint done nothin but burn faster. Wasnt two minutes the whole car was afire. I run to the door and got it open and we was goin up this grade through the mountains in the snow with the moon on it and it was just blue looking and dead quiet out there and them big old black pine trees going by. I jumped for it and lit in a snowbank and what I'm goin to tell you you'll think peculiar but it's the god's truth. That was in nineteen and thirty one and if I live to be a hunnerd year old I dont think I'll ever see anything as pretty as that train on fire goin up that mountain and around the bend and them flames lightin up the snow and the trees and the night.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|I would have taken Zeb, purely for entertainment value, but he had an actual date, with a real girl. That hadn't happened in a while, so I was a good friend and put my own needs second to the possibility of him actual sex with a real girl.
Deyth Banger|Just because opportunities present themselves doesn't mean you should accept every one of them. It's not realistic, and it's also not wise.
Tara Mohr, Playing Big: Find Your Voice, Your Mission, Your Message|Attachment to praise and avoidance of criticism keeps us from doing innovative, controversial work and--more simply--from following the paths we feel called toward, whether or not those around us understand or approve.
Jonathan Mayhew|In order to the existence of such a ministry in the Church, there is requisite an authority received from God, and consequently power and knowledge imparted from God for the exercise of such ministry; and where a man possesses these, although the bishop has not laid hands upon him according to his traditions, God has Himself appointed him.
Diane Medved, Saving Childhood|To My MotherYou too, my mother, read my rhymesFor love of unforgotten times,And you may chance to hear once moreThe little feet along the floor.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|Good character isn't produced overnight; it's grown over many seasons. In the same way you sort the good apples from the bad, the marks of poor characters are just as easy to detect.
Diogenes of Sinope|It is not that I am mad, it is only that my head is different from yours.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Life is like a painting. Imagine it, hit and try drawing with the pencil of first steps, fill in the colors of happiness, correct the mistakes with eraser of love and forgiveness; thus, one dream project is accomplished. Create such masterpieces just like that.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Stop seeking attention from people who don't give you the time of day. Value your time, comfort your spirit, have peace of mind. There are people who love you and care about you.Give your smiles to them.
Robert Goolrick|If you want it badly enough, it’s yours.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible does not teach that sin is completely eradicated from the Christian in this life, but it does teach that sin shall no longer reign over you.
Lena Headey|It'll be the Internet and piracy that will kill film. There's a philosophy that the Internet should be free, but the reality is that piracy will destroy the film industry and film as an art form because it's expensive to make a movie. Maybe you'll have funky little independent movies, and it'll go back and then start up again some other way.
William Cowper|You know, God gave me a gift to do other things besides play the game of basketball.
Ron Suskind, A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League|He was confronted at an early age with adult-strength realizations about powerlessness, desperation, and distrust, taking his dose right alongside the overwhelmed adults. This steady stream of shocks and realizations leaves so many boys raised in poor, urban areas stumbling toward manhood with a hardened exterior masking deep insecurities.
Joyce Herzog|Regarding school vs. homeschoolIf it works, send them there!If it doesn't, don't import it.
Jorge Luis Borges|If you sell, say, two thousand copies, it is the same thing as if you had sold nothing at all because two thousand is too vast—I mean, for the imagination to grasp. While thirty-seven people—perhaps thirty-seven are too many, perhaps seventeen would have been better or even seven—but still thirty-seven are still within the scope of one's imagination.
James     Baldwin|Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We are all connected. When one arm or foot is poisoned, the whole body becomes infected.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.Focus on your character, not your reputation.Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.
Rachel  Thompson, Broken Pieces|On the worst days, I feel fine. On the best days, I know I am not.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|When the subject turns to abortion, cosmetic intervention, birth, motherhood, sex, love, work, misogyny, fear, or just how you feel in your own skin, women still won’t often tell the truth to each other unless they are very, very drunk. Perhaps the endlessly reported rise in female binge-drinking is simply modern women’s attempt to communicate with each other. Or maybe it is because Sancerre is so very delicious. To be honest, I’ll take bets on either.
Asaad Almohammad|As a citizen of the world, it’s my instinct to keep the fallen and the suffering in my thoughts... You see, in my mind there is logic to it: do no harm, prevent harm, help, support, care for the harmed, face the harmer. My stupid idealist conscience considers sympathy, not pity, at its worst, the most basic and the least negotiable civil duty. Of course as a citizen of the world, I should strive to do more. That said, I am only a man and so I often do the least.
M.F. Moonzajer|And since nothing whatever happens to us outside our own brain; since nothing hurt us or gives us pleasure except within the brain, the supreme importance of being able to control what goes on in that mysterious brain is patent.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The closer we come to understanding the challenges of autism, the better we are placed to accommodate and educate without risking removing that individuality we all love.
Phil Cooke|Social networking platforms drove man closer to those in neighboring continents, while driving him further apart from those in his neighborhood.
Alin Sav|When you are in God's will, you're never to late, always on time.
Steven Magee|I routinely inform people when I meet them that I am like a real life version of Dory the fish, as I am very forgetful and have problems tracking conversations.
Barry López, Crossing Open Ground|Occasionally we glimpse the South Rim, four or five thousand feet above. From the rims the canyon seems oceanic; at the surface of the river the feeling is intimate. To someone up there with binoculars we seem utterly remote down here. It is this know dimension if distance and time and the perplexing question posed by the canyon itself- What is consequential? (in one’s life, in the life of human beings, in the life of a planet)- that reverberate constantly, and make the human inclination to judge (another person, another kind of thought) seem so eerie… Two kinds of time pass here: sitting at the edge of a sun-warmed pool watching blue dragonflies and black tadpoles. And the rapids: down the glassy-smooth tongue into a yawing trench, climb a ten-foot wall of standing water and fall into boiling, ferocious hydraulics…
N.L. Armitage, Beyond the Pale|Take your clothes off slowly. For me?” Ethan asked as he folded his large hands behind his head.So he wanted a show? Cecile had never done anything that sexy in her life, and she felt she lacked any real grace, but for Ethan, she’d give it a try.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|There’s a part of me which has always wanted to hear a man say, "Let me take care of you forever," and I have never heard it spoken before. Over the last few years, I’d given up looking for that person, learned how to say this heartening sentence to myself, especially in times of fear. But to hear it from someone else now, from someone who is speaking sincerely...
Lauren Slater, Playing House: Notes of a Reluctant Mother|I’m not just a face, or a body. I’m a Havisham.
Howard Bahr, The Black Flower: A Novel of the Civil War|Anna thought about the men outside on the gallery. She was glad they were there; finding them smoking and talking quietly had been comforting, it was what men did in the evenings when the work was done. Of course, the work was not done, and she doubted that it ever would be. It would go on and on, even after the house was emptied of strangers, long after the wildflowers had blossomed a hundred times on their graves.
Wiz Khalifa|My family always helped me. I had people around me who always pushed me to be the best: my dad, my mum. My dad used to play and coach as well. But I wasn't born with shiny things.
Frederick Buechner|When you guarantee increase, you create attention for yourself
Lin-Manuel Miranda, Hamilton: The Revolution|I know my sister like I know my own mind, you will never find anyone as trusting or as kind.
Angela Nicoara, Loving an Alien|Saying 'Love you' never creates a story, its the beginning of trouble.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Character primarily is honesty with God, ones-self, and others."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Anatole Broyard|There was a time when we expected nothing of our children but obedience, as opposed to the present, when we expect everything of them but obedience. 
Sonny Bill Williams|I think a good relationship that Mexico could maintain with the United States and vice versa should be based on trust, on opening - openness and constant dialogue that would allow us essentially to define, share objectives and to work towards those so as to avoid activities which are not known to the other government.
Maria Edgeworth|When you start suppressing feelings at an early age, it hurts you down the road. Full expression of anger and pain is very important.
Mark Driscoll|[Amy Carmichael's] great longing was to have a "single eye" for the glory of God. Whatever might blur the vision God had give her of His work, whatever could distract or deceive or tempt other to seek anything but the Lord Jesus Himself she tried to eliminate.
Henry Andrews Bumstead|Unassuming in manner, genial and kindly in his intercourse with his fellow-men, never showing impatience or irritation, devoid of personal ambition of the baser sort or of the slightest desire to exalt himself... In the minds of those who knew him, the greatness of his intellectual achievements will never overshadow the beauty and dignity of his life.[H.A. Burnstead's comments on the life of esteemed scientist J. Willard Gibbs]
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Throughout their lifetime, most women learn to be uncomfortable with their physical appearance. They create amask of makeup that is intended to “fix” their “imperfections.” They identify so much with this mask they reject their true beauty.Feminine Transitions encourages women to remove their masks and love their true selves, completely.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|I am who I am; no more, no less.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|This experience of being loved by mother is a passive one. There is nothing I have to do in order to be loved—mother's love is unconditional. All I have to do is to be—to be her child. Mother's love is bliss, is peace, it need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
James Fenimore Cooper|From a constitutional standpoint, the religion of a candidate is supposed to make no difference. Even before the founding fathers dreamed up the First Amendment, they inserted a provision in the Constitution expressly prohibiting any religious test for office.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Why is patience so important?""Because it makes us pay attention.
Stacey Kade, The Ghost and the Goth|The truth is, it's really only okay to be yourself if that self is within an accepted range of 'normal'.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|In Astrology, the moon, among its other meanings, has that of "the common people," who submit (they know not why) to any independent will that can express itself with sufficient energy. The people who guillotined the mild Louis XVI died gladly for Napoleon. The impossibility of an actual democracy is due to this fact of mob-psychology. As soon as you group men, they lose their personalities. A parliament of the wisest and strongest men in the nation is liable to behave like a set of schoolboys, tearing up their desks and throwing their inkpots at each other. The only possibility of co-operation lies in discipline and autocracy, which men have sometimes established in the name of equal rights.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|What marriage offers - and what fidelity is meant to protect - is the possibility of moments when what we have chosen and what we desire are the same. Such a convergence obviously cannot be continuous. No relationship can continue very long at its highest emotional pitch. But fidelity prepares us for the return of these moments, which give us the highest joy we can know; that of union, communion, atonement (in the root sense of at-one-ment)...To forsake all others does not mean - because it cannot mean - to ignore or neglect all others, to hide or be hidden from all others, or to desire or love no others. To live in marriage is a responsible way to live in sexuality, as to live in a household is a responsible way to live in the world. One cannot enact or fulfill one's love for womankind or mankind, or even for all the women or men to whom one is attracted. If one is to have the power and delight of one's sexuality, then the generality of instinct must be resolved in a responsible relationship to a particular person. Similarly, one cannot live in the world; that is, one cannot become, in the easy, generalizing sense with which the phrase is commonly used, a "world citizen." There can be no such think as a "global village." No matter how much one may love the world as a whole, one can live fully in it only by living responsibly in some small part of it. Where we live and who we live there with define the terms of our relationship to the world and to humanity. We thus come again to the paradox that one can become whole only by the responsible acceptance of one's partiality.(pg.117-118, "The Body and the Earth")
Swami Dhyan Giten|To be able to die consciously, we need to prepare for death while we are still living.
Estelle Maskame, Did I Mention I Need You?|That's the thing about distance: It either gives you time to move on from someone, or it makes you realize just how much you need them.
Larry Crabb|Men are easily threatened. And whenever a man is threatened, when he becomes uncomfortable in places within himself that he does not understand, he naturally retreats into an arena of comfort or competence, or he dominates someone or something in order to feel powerful. Men refuse to feel the paralyzing and humbling horror of uncertainty, a horror that could drive them to trust, a horror that could release in them the power to deeply give themselves in relationship. As a result, most men feel close to no one, especially not to God, and no one feels close to them. Something good in men is stopped and needs to get moving. When good movement stops, bad movement (retreat or domination) reliably develops.
Anthony LaPaglia|Eddie Drake is sort of this loose cannon, funny, edgy guy, who has this really foolish, foolish mustache.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality. When we recognize our place in an immensity of light‐years and in the passage of ages, when we grasp the intricacy, beauty, and subtlety of life, then that soaring feeling, that sense of elation and humility combined, is surely spiritual. So are our emotions in the presence of great art or music or literature, or acts of exemplary selfless courage such as those of Mohandas Gandhi or Martin Luther King, Jr. The notion that science and spirituality are somehow mutually exclusive does a disservice to both.
Sara Sheridan|A microphone is to a comic, what a pen is to a writer. There's power in it.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|​Consciousness is simple, if you are bold enough to accept it as simple.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you light a fire, you cannot conceal the smoke.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|Even if it was just walls and a roof with papers inside, it had bewitched him, and drawn him in, and given him everything he needed to become himself.
Tracey Garvis-Graves, On the Island|She tossed her towel on her dresser and turned to the bed where shed left her PJs. Only it wasn't just her PJs on the bed anymore. Lucas, eyes wide, sat on the foot of her bed, about four feet from where she stood completely naked. She squealed. He laughed. She dashed for the towel. Once she had it around her, she glared from a still grinning Lucas to the door. "I'm killing Della!" He laughed again. "I'm afraid I might have to protect her for this one.
Shannon L. Alder|Words don’t have the power to hurt you, unless that person meant more to you than you are willing to confess.
Victoria Sue, The Innocent Auction|Let me understand,' Omar said, his brow furrowed in concentration. 'When played with cars, people could get killed. But when played with kissing, people could get...kissed.' He mused on this for a second. 'It seems like the better option.''You'd think,' replied Kaitlyn. 'But if you were to survey one hundred high school boys, ninety-eight of them would tell you they'd rather die in a fiery crash than be caught kissing another guy.''What about the other two?''Statistically, they're already kissing each other
Mensah Oteh|Some things are not worth fighting for and some are worth dying for, Wisdom helps you understand which are which.
Raheel Farooq|That which does not come by logic, does not leave by logic.
George MacDonald|You must give him time,' said her grandmother;'and you must be content not to be believed for a while. It is very hard to bear; but I have had to bear it, and shall have to bear it yet. I will take care of what Curdie thinks of you in the end. You must let him go now.
Robert Martin|As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|Don't confound static electricity with ecstatic eccentricity. One will leave your hair up, the other will live up in the air!
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|I'll become exactly the tool you want me to be, said Ender silently, but at least I wont be fooled into it. I'll do it because I choose to, not because you tricked me, you sly bastard.
Samar Sudha|Healthy people can own their mistakes and, over time, move on.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|We kiss with our eyes closed but our senses open, infusing the spaces between with the elements of the other.
G.K. Chesterton, The Coloured Lands: A Whimsical Gathering Of Drawings, Stories, And Poems|A child has an ingrained fancy for coal, not for the gross materialistic reason that it builds up fires by which we cook and are warmed, but for the infinitely nobler and more abstract reason that it blacks his fingers.
Sunday Adelaja|You have a destiny, you are a human of intrinsic value, you were born to fulfil a mission
Colin Angle|Many in the world are searching, often intensely, for a source of refreshment that will quench their yearning for meaning and direction in their lives. They crave a cool, satisfying drink of insight and knowledge that will soothe their parched souls.
Lewis Mumford|I hear, I know. I see, I remember. I do, I understand.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|Not everyone has to be the chosen one. Not everyone has to be the guy who saves the world. Most people just have to live their lives the best they can, doing the things that are great from them, having great friends, trying to make their lives better, loving people probably. All the while knowing that the world makes no sense but trying to find a way to be happy anyways.
Juliette Cross, Waking the Dragon|For many minutes, we did nothing but touch each other and absorb the sensation into our skin, as if love itself were a tangible blanket wrapping us in an unbreakable bond.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|He looked at her, and she couldn't contradict him. Nor could she offer any false reassurance. Silence, at least, was honest.
Benjamin Franklin|Arrogance makes you stronger from outside, but even more weaker from inside.
Frank Zappa|At some point in our lifetime, gay marriage won't be an issue, and everyone who stood against this civil right will look as outdated as George Wallace standing on the school steps keeping James Hood from entering the University of Alabama because he was black.
Ram Dass|I don't really believe anything I say. Because the nature of my work concerns the spaces between the words, rather than the words themselves.
Steven Ivy - Attorney Entrepreneur|Remember, you will always fail in business if you don't try to open your own business.
Michelle Frost, Wisdoms of the Light|We are all broken, that's how the light gets in.
Chantal Halpin, Foul is Fair|~I gripped the knife even tighter. Far off in the distance, I could still hear them speaking, but only one thing was clear in my mind: Trevor, my father, was going to die.From that moment on, I was Chloe Kallistrate, a vampire hunter.~
James Dashner, The Kill Order|If I lived through the next day or so, I needed to start keeping track of where these jokers liked to get their bloodthirsty freak on. It might give me an edge someday. Or at least a list of places that could use a nice burning down. I hadn't burned down a building in ages.
Kristin Cavallari|I've always been a big fan of time travel, and I'm very into the notion that some day we'll be able to do it. Beam me up!
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|Love is always ready to deny itself, to give, sacrifice, just in the measure of its sincerity and intensity. Perfect love is perfect self-forgetfulness. Hence where there is love in a home, unselfishness is the law. Each forgets self and lives for others.But where there is selfishness it mars joy. One selfish soul will destroy the sweetness of life in any home. It is like an ugly bush in the midst of a garden of flowers. It was selfishness that destroyed the first home and blighted all the loveliness of Paradise; and it has been blighting lovely things in earth's home ever since. We need to guard against this spirit.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|.you are not him or her, you be you..
Gretchen Rubin, Happier at Home: Kiss More, Jump More, Abandon a Project, Read Samuel Johnson, and My Other Experiments in the Practice of Everyday Life|The asylum, and later the national health service, warehoused thousands of patients made mad by the intrusions of a sexual predator. But these institutions had been dominated by the discredited Freudian fantasy that sexual abuse doesn’t happen - that it is our illicit desires that drive us crazy. A century ago, Freud recoiled from his own theory of the sexual seduction of children and projected the problem back into the patient. He claimed in his Aetiology of Hysteria that clients, typically women, were describing their fantasies, not facts, not ‘real events’. P3
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|To Tom, the march of technology was equivalent to the march of civilization.
Carl R. Rogers, On Encounter Groups|I am well aware that certain exercises, tasks setup by the facilitator, can practically force the group to more of a here-and-now communication or more of a feeling level. There are leaders who do these very skillfully, and with good effect at the time. However, I am enough of a scientist-clinician to make many casual follow-up inquiries, and I know that frequently the lasting result of such procedures is not nearly as satisfying as the immediate effect. At it's best it may lead to discipleship (which I happen not to like): "What a marvelous leader he is to have made me open up when I had no intention of doing it!" It can also lead to a rejection of the whole experience. "Why did I do those silly things he asked me to?" At worst, it can make the person feel that his private self has been in some way violated, and he will be careful never to expose himself to a group again. From my experience I know that if I attempt to push a group to a deeper level it is not, in the long run, going to work.
Bill Maher|Kadafi is a zombie in a pillbox hat, that's what he is!
Aberjhani, Songs from the Black Skylark zPed Music Player|Then came the healing time, hearts started to shine, soul felt so fine, oh what a freeing time it was.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|The idea of the Bible as a divine guidebook, a map for getting through the terra incognita of life, is our golden calf. It's a substitute for the wilderness wandering that the life of faith necessarily entails.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Desdemona, mourning her parents, was still imprisoned by the past. And so she stood on the mountain, looking down at the emancipated city, and felt cheated by her ability to feel happy by everybody else.
Raphael Zernoff|Maybe, because all these good people loved me enough to help me, maybe I wasn't quite as bad as I felt. Maybe there was a part of me that was worthy of their love.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Magical|He spoke!" Ivan said, eyes wide. "The dog talked! Oh my god."	"An ancient witch you can believe in, but not a talking dragon that looks like a dog?" Chudo-Yudo said, sounding slightly piqued. "Hmph. Young people today have such limited imaginations.
Jeremy Courtney, Preemptive Love: Pursuing Peace One Heart at a Time|In all nature there seemed to be a feeling of hopelessness and pain. The earth, like a ruined woman sitting alone in a dark room and trying not to think of the past, was brooding over memories of spring and summer and apathetically waiting for the inevitable winter. Wherever one looked, on all sides, nature seemed like a dark, infinitely deep, cold pit from which neither Kirilov nor Abogin nor the red half-moon could escape....
Vicki Myron, Dewey: The Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World|Books have survived television, radio, talking pictures, circulars (early magazines), dailies (early newspapers), Punch and Judy shows, and Shakespeare's plays. They have survived World War II, the Hundred Years' War, the Black Death, and the fall of the Roman Empire. They even survived the Dark Ages, when almost no one could read and each book had to be copied by hand. They aren't going to be killed off by the Internet.
Ambrosius Theodosius Macrobius, Commentary on the Dream of Scipio|We -- the industrialized, technologized world -- have never been richer. And yet to an extraordinary extent we in the West continue to inhabit a moral and cultural universe shaped by the hedonistic imperatives and radical ideals of the Sixties. Culturally, morally the world we inhabit is increasingly a trash world: addicted to sensation, besieged everywhere by the cacophonous, mind-numbing din of rock music, saturated with pornography, in thrall to the lowest common denominator wherever questions of taste, manners or intellectual delicacy are concerned. Marwick was right: 'The cultural revolution, in short, had continuous, uninterrupted, and lasting consequences'.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|It was nice meeting you three, and I'm sure under different circumstances it would have been a pleasure.
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|In even a clear heart, some righteous acts of the harder kind can stir up a sediment of guilt, but that is not a bad thing. If allowed to be, the heart is self-policing, and a reasonable measure of guilt guards against corruption.
David Kahn|watch out for schools that promise your kids will "experience success." I'm teaching Plato's Dialogues these days, and I noticed that Socrates never let his students experience success. Socrates won the argument every time.
Henryk Sienkiewicz|It is not Atlas who carries the world on his shoulders, but woman; and sometimes she plays with it as with a ball.
Lynda I Fisher|The young man pities his elders, fearing the day he, too, will join their ranks. The elderly man pities the younger generation, well-knowing the trials and tribulations that lie ahead of them.
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|A man's mind may be likened to a garden, which may be intelligently cultivated or allowed to run wild; but whether cultivated or neglected, it must, and will, bring forth. If no useful seeds are put into it, then an abundance of useless weed seeds will fall therein, and will continue to produce their kind.
S. L. Viehl|Nice place," I said while prudently hovering near the only exit.Beyond Varallan
Bar Refaeli|The South is very beautiful but its beauty makes one sad because the lives that people live here, and have lived here, are so ugly.
David Mas Masumoto|If God declares that all is well, ten thousand devils may declare it to be ill, but we laugh them all to scorn. Blessed be God for a faith which enables us to believe God when the creatures contradict Him.
Mitchel Resnick|If you were a kid in 1955, you would pick up a copy of 'Popular Science' and it would say, 'This is the kind of car you're going to be driving in five years or in 20 years you'll be able to take a jet plane from New York to London in four hours,' or something like that. We actually got used to the idea that the future's going to be different.
Honore de Balzac|It may be possible to gild pure gold, but who can make his mother more beautiful?
Howie Mandel|If you maintain a healthy diet, or at least are smart about your food choices, you'll still see the pounds come off.
Gustave Flaubert, Bouvard and Pecuchet|On certain occasions art can shake very ordinary spirits, and whole worlds can be revealed by its clumsiest interpreters.
A.M. McKnight, Goslyn County|If you know who you are then your ego feels safe instead of fearful, and is more open to exploration.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|If only she could be so oblivious again, to feel such love without knowing it, mistaking it for laughter. 
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|She made a sound of regret. ‘We come second, you and I, Luc-ien,’ she said. ‘Our allegiance is always to our kingdoms. Without that allegiance, our people would fall.’She placed her head back against his chest and he felt her tears. ‘This is not our time.’‘But that will never mean I love you less,’ he said.
Michael Pollan, Second Nature: A Gardener's Education|A garden should make you feel you've entered privileged space -- a place not just set apart but reverberant -- and it seems to me that, to achieve this, the gardener must put some kind of twist on the existing landscape, turn its prose into something nearer poetry.
Charles de Secondat|The unionists also for their part, want to minimise the potential for change, not only on the equality agenda but on the issues of sovereignty and ending the union.
Christopher Langan|Owing to the shape of a bell curve, the education system is geared to the mean. Unfortunately, that kind of education is virtually calculated to bore and alienate gifted minds. But instead of making exceptions where it would do the most good, the educational bureaucracy often prefers not to be bothered.In my case, for example, much of the schooling to which I was subjected was probably worse than nothing. It consisted not of real education, but of repetition and oppressive socialization (entirely superfluous given the dose of oppression I was getting away from school). Had I been left alone, preferably with access to a good library and a minimal amount of high-quality instruction, I would at least have been free to learn without useless distractions and gratuitous indoctrination. But alas, no such luck.Let’s try to break the problem down a bit. The education system […] is committed to a warm and fuzzy but scientifically counterfactual form of egalitarianism which attributes all intellectual differences to environmental factors rather than biology, implying that the so-called 'gifted' are just pampered brats who, unless their parents can afford private schooling, should atone for their undeserved good fortune by staying behind and enriching the classroom environments of less privileged students.This approach may appear admirable, but its effects on our educational and intellectual standards, and all that depends on them, have already proven to be overwhelmingly negative. This clearly betrays an ulterior motive, suggesting that it has more to do with social engineering than education. There is an obvious difference between saying that poor students have all of the human dignity and basic rights of better students, and saying that there are no inherent educationally and socially relevant differences among students. The first statement makes sense, while the second does not.The gifted population accounts for a very large part of the world’s intellectual resources. As such, they can obviously be put to better use than smoothing the ruffled feathers of average or below-average students and their parents by decorating classroom environments which prevent the gifted from learning at their natural pace. The higher we go on the scale of intellectual brilliance – and we’re not necessarily talking just about IQ – the less support is offered by the education system, yet the more likely are conceptual syntheses and grand intellectual achievements of the kind seldom produced by any group of markedly less intelligent people. In some cases, the education system is discouraging or blocking such achievements, and thus cheating humanity of their benefits.
Ray Bradbury|There's a serendipity to real life that the Internet can't duplicate. Do you use the library? For anything? Well, sometimes you end up picking up the book next to the one you were looking for, and it's that book that changes your life.
Pixie Lynn Whitfield, Through These Wicked Nights|Zarah, you do know that we are supposed to be a graceful species, don't you?
Melanie Moreland, It Started with a Kiss|Can I keep you, Avery Connor? Will you be mine?
Debasish Mridha|The journey through life is important, but what you learn during your journey is more important.
Avijeet Das|I feel your body against mine, while our lips are intertwined.
Jim Butcher, White Night|There is a primal reassurance in being touched, in knowing that someone else, someone close to you, wants to be touching you. There is a bone-deep security that goes with the brush of a human hand, a silent, reflex-level affirmation that someone is near, that someone cares.
Robert Sternberg|After graduation, I took a job with Manufacturers Hanover Trust in software development. I don't think I was there more than a month.
Dennis Quaid|Romantic love, or sex, is the only good thing in a life that is being lived in a dark way.
Ja Rule|I grew up asking for everything under the sun for Christmas, but I knew I wasn't going to get it all.
Samantha Stosur|I just want to be successful. I'm not going to sit here and be like, 'I want to win a Grammy' or whatever; if that comes, that's awesome. But I just want to be successful and provide for my whole family and get my family out the hood.
Debasish Mridha|Trust in humanity, she is only in her infancy, she will grow to be great and trustworthy.
Deirdre Riordan Hall, In the Desert|There was no 'I' in team, but there was meat in team. And we were all dead meat.
Jim Butcher, Changes|I realized then what had happened.She had turned us--all of us, except for Mouse--into great, gaunt, long-legged hounds.Wonderful!" Lea said, pirouetting upon one toe, laughing. "Come, children!" And she leapt off into the jungle, nimble and swift as a doe.A bunch of us dogs stood around for a moment, just sort of staring at one another..
Jimi Hendrix, Jimi Hendrix - Axis: Bold as Love|I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|Laire, get back here! You do not drink before we meet with our mortal enemy.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|So revenge is obviously a deeply messed-up expression of vindictiveness. It is hard to even call it "evil." It is just plain insanity. A result of deeply messed-up thinking.
Luigina Sgarro|My unlucky star had destined me to be born when there was much talk about morality and, at the same time, more murders than in any other period. There is, undoubtedly, some connection between these phenomena. I sometime ask myself whether the connection was a priori, since these babblers are cannibals from the start - or a connection a posteriori, since they inflate themselves with their moralizing to a height which becomes dangerous for others.However that may be, I was always happy to meet a person who owed his touch of common sense and good manners to his parents and who didn't need big principles. I do not claim more for myself, and I am a man who for an entire lifetime has been moralized at to the right and the left - by teachers and superiors, by policemen and journalists, by Jews and Gentiles, by inhabitants of the Alps, of islands, and the plains, by cut-throats and aristocrats - all of whom looked as if butter wouldn't melt in their mouths.
Maya Rodale|When a woman reads a romance novel, she is putting her own pleasure first. That small act of rebellion is perceived as a threat to the status quo. It’s also why this eternally popular and profitable genre has been scorned, ridiculed and dismissed.
Christina Rossetti, Goblin Market and Other Poems|For there is no friend like a sisterIn calm or stormy weather; To cheer one on the tedious way, To fetch one if one goes astray,To lift one if one totters down, To strengthen whilst one stands
Steve Martin|Some people have a way with words, and other people...oh, uh, not have way.
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|Well, you change as you get older, especially at this time in your life. You become more yourself, hopefully. And sometimes that changes the dynamic, even with people you love. So it's not that you were wrong. You were right for that time. But you grow up and you grow out of relationships. Even the ones you thought, at one point, might be forever.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|When you give everything, you have nothing to lose.
R. N. Prasher|What price are you willing to pay to see your church actively engaged in evangelism? Price? What do you mean by price? There is a cost for everything. One of the causes for evangelistic entropy is an unwillingness to count the cost of growth. If evangelism is really going to be a value that your church embraces, the church will have to embrace the changes that will take place when evangelism is activated in the church.
Nicholas Wolterstorff, Lament for a Son|How is faith to endure, O God, when you allow all this scraping and tearing on us? You have allowed rivers of blood to flow, mountains of suffering to pile up, sobs to become humanity's song--all without lifting a finger that we could see. You have allowed bonds of love beyond number to be painfully snapped. If you have not abandoned us, explain yourself.We strain to hear. But instead of hearing an answer we catch sight of God himself scraped and torn. Through our tears we see the tears of God.
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|God is not only something metaphysical, but also the physical world, the plants and animals, the mountains and rivers, the air and the sun and the earth.
Toni Sorenson|When you understand what you’re truly worth, who is going to be able to make you feel worthless? No one.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|Kathel grabbed Mahgen so fast it shocked her, causing her to let out a sharp gasp. With his hands on her shoulders, he shook her lightly as he spoke. "I love you, Mahgen. Do you understand what I'm saying? Because I want there to be no mistaking what I mean, or what I've said. I. Love. You. So love me, the gypsy, or despise me, it makes no difference! You are mine now, and I am never giving you up.-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...if it weren't for you, mornings wouldn't be so comforting - slippers wouldn't scrape through the rooms of my heart...
David       Green, More Than a Hobby: How a $600 Startup Became America's Home and Craft Superstore|We're still family-owned, which keeps life a whole lot simpler. When my wife and kids and I decide to make a business move, we don't have to ask Wall Street about it.
Brian A. McBride, Paradox|One day comes after another and another and pretty soon you realize that yesterday was pretty damn long ago and that everything you had hoped for is never going to happen. You can’t control it any more than you can control that big wave from getting stronger before it nails you. All you can do is prepare and hope that when it hits, you’ll survive.
Brian  Doyle, Mink River|Fire will burn any human body it touches, and starvation will waste it, but stories are not so predictable in their effects.
Kate Mullane Robertson|This morning I awoke drowning in sadness. Sleepily, I probed my heart looking for a cause.Then, rising from the dream, I took possession of my feelings and gave them back to God - the only Source of my life.And that feeling of sadness - redeemed - becamea deeply felt compassion, a determination to make a difference….
Peter   Atkins|Someone with a fresh mind, one not conditioned by upbringing and environment, would doubtless look at science and the powerful reductionism that it inspires as overwhelmingly the better mode of understanding the world, and would doubtless scorn religion as sentimental wishful thinking. Would not that same uncluttered mind also see the attempts to reconcile science and religion by disparaging the reduction of the complex to the simple as attempts guided by muddle-headed sentiment and intellectually dishonest emotion?
Alexandra Elle|start ignoring people who threaten your joy. literally, ignore them. say nothing. don’t invite any parts of them into your space.
Joe Thorn, Note to Self: The Discipline of Preaching to Yourself|Too often, we give God only the tired remnants of our time. If Jesus Christ had given us only the remnant of His time, we would all be on our way to that darkness that knows no morning. Christ gave us not the tattered leftovers of His time; He gave us all the time He had. But some of us give Him only the leftovers of our money and of our talents and never give our time fully to the Lord Jesus Christ who gave us all. Because He gave us all, we have what we have; and He calls us "as He is, so are we in this world." (1 John 4:17)
Shandy L. Kurth|What's cheaper than a gallon of gas? An ebook. Save a dollar, stay home and read!
Ferdinand Mount, Subversive Family|. . . Mrs. Lambchop sighed and shook her head. "You're at the office all day, having fun," she said. "You don't realize what I go through with the boys. They're very difficult."Kids are like that," Mr. Lambchop said. "Phases. Be patient, dear.
Aditya Ajmera|Freedom, joy or bliss doesn't come from the situation that we think we should be, but it derives from the one that we are already in.
Asif Kapadia|There are things you're supposed to learn in life. My biggest regret was terminating a pregnancy when I was about 18. Every day, I think about who that baby would be now; it still makes me sad.
Kristen Henderson, Drum Machine|What is the use of the colon? What is a colon? Generally it opens onto an explanation, but it is always done with the help of an interruption. It can be said that the colon is not the period, it is the period of the period, the canceling of the period. It is a moment mute and marked; it is the most delicate tattoo of the text. It is also in place of, instead of, everything that would be causal. For example, when we read: "It's simply that: secret." "Secret," is a sentence, it is the shortest sentence perhaps. But it is a sentence in one word. It is a sentence that is secret and that at the same time says its name. One could invert and say: "Secret: it is simply that." This is secret, the secret is the secret of this, it is a word which makes infinite sense all by itself, it is a sentence which performs the secret itself [Clarice Lispector, The Stream of Life, trans Elizabeth Lowe & Earl Fitz, Foreword by Hélène Cixous trans Verena Conley, Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1989]
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|Of all the possible pathways of disorder, nature favors just a few.
R.F. Georgy, Notes from the Cafe|Every text is unique and, at the same time, it is the translation of another text. No text is entirely original because language itself, in its essence, is already a translation: firstly, of the non-verbal world and secondly, since every sign and every phrase is the translation of another sign and another phrase. However, this argument can be turned around without losing any of its validity: all texts are original because every translation is distinctive. Every translation, up to a certain point, is an invention and as such it constitutes a unique text.
Pastor Adelaja Sunday|Don’t just pray, but reach out in prayer to get an understanding of God’s plan, of His revelation and vision for your life.
Milan Kundera|The more vast the amount of time we've left behind us, the more irresistible is the voice calling us to return to it. This pronouncement seems to state the obvious and yet it is false. Men grow old, the end grows near, each moment becomes more and more valuable and there is no time to waste on recollection. It's important to understand the mathematical paradox in nostalgia, that it is most powerful in early youth , when the volume of life that has passed is quite small.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A beetle will chase after an opening of light, while a cockroach will scatter at a crack of it. How are we different from insects? Nobody is purely good or purely evil. Most of us are in-between. There are moths that explore the day and butterflies that play at night. Polarity is an integral part of nature — human or not human.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee|I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens.
Diana Pharaoh Francis, The Cipher|Come on, say it again. I'm a perfect devil. Tell me how bad I am. It makes me feel so good!
Ella Frank, Veiled Innocence|Often a woman that doesn’t have any business being in a fight is there because their ego thinks it can mend what other people can’t. It’s either superiority or a second chance to heal a wound they have, by meddling on your battlefield.
Wess Stafford, Too Small to Ignore: Why Children Are the Next Big Thing|Children are ingenuous. They are also blessed with uncanny ability to read a person's character instantly. Even though they are inexperienced and unsophisticated, they often know instinctively who can be trusted and who is the charlatan.
Frederick Sanger|Life is not found in atoms or molecules or genes as such, but in organization; not in symbiosis but in synthesis.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Fate had kept me alive just to get to this point, just to see if I was listening.
Richie Sambora|I don't want to make any judgments, and I don't want to preach, but I'm hoping that marriage can work: that when people do fall in love, when people do find their soul mate, everyone sticks to it. It has the potential to be a very powerful thing, marriage.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|Is it too much to ask, to live in a world where our human gifts go toward the benefit of all? Where our daily activities contribute to the healing of the biosphere and the well-being of other people?
Fukuoka, Floodplain Risk Management: Proceedings of an International Workshop, Hiroshima, 11-13 November 1996|A natural person can achieve right diet because his instinct is in proper working order. He is satisfied with simple food; it is nutritious, tastes good, and is useful daily medicine. Food and the human spirit are united.
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|It's life that matters, nothing but life—the process of discovering, the everlasting and perpetual process, not the discovery itself, at all.
Katherine Valdez|She'd fall back asleep dreaming of hurricanes whipping the palm trees around her childhood home, trying to run from the Godzilla-sized beast that rushed to devour her. But her feet were stuck in invisible cement. As she struggled to scream, she'd startle awake and feel the staccato beats of her heart thumping double-time.Only then would she remember: she brought him into this world.- The Monster In Her Bedroom, Havok Magazine, Issue 1.1
Anthony Hyde, The Red Fox|All the real secrets are buried, and only ghosts speak the truth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Follow your dreams, not the crowd.
Gavin Newsom|It took me too long to realise that if you go to a marriage counsellor to resolve problems, it's in his interest to keep the marriage going.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|You're not to blame, it's them for not understanding
Margaret Atwood|There is the staircase,there is the sun.There is the kitchen,the plate with toast and strawberry jam,your subterfuge,your ordinary mirage.You stand red-handed.You want to wash yourself in earth, in rocks and grassWhat are you supposed to dowith all this loss?In the daylight we knowwhat's gone is gone,but at night it's different.Nothing gets finished,not dying, not mourning;the dead repeat themselves, like clumsy drunkslurching sideways through the doorswe open to them in sleep;these slurred guests, never entirely welcome,even those we have loved the most,especially those we have loved the most,returning from where we shoved themaway too quickly:from under the ground, from under the water,they clutch at us, they clutch at us,we won't let go.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|A silly idea is current that good people do not know what temptation means. This is an obvious lie. Only those who try to resist temptation know how strong it is... A man who gives in to temptation after five minutes simply does not know what it would have been like an hour later. That is why bad people, in one sense, know very little about badness. They have lived a sheltered life by always giving in.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, May Bird Among the Stars|For rigorous teachers seized my youth,And purged its faith, and trimmed its fire,Showed me the high, white star of Truth,There bade me gaze, and there aspire.Even now their whispers pierce the gloom'What dost thou in this living tomb?
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|My mother always says that love is like a snakebite, a venom slowly spreading through your veins.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|The minutiae of our lives! Telephone calls, errands, appointments. None of these is of the slightest significance to others and but fleetingly to us yet they constitute such a portion of our lives, it might be argued that our lives are a concatenation of minutiae interrupted at unpredictable times by significant events.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe, you will begin to see signs and wonders.
Sahar Abdulaziz, But You Look Just Fine: Unmasking Depression, Anxiety, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Panic Disorder and Seasonal Affective Disorder|The words kept coming and he could not stop them, not while Callie was standing there so indecipherably, and so he was going to keep talking until he used up all the words there were and then no one would be able to talk to anyone else anymore and then all anyone would have left were one another's unintelligible faces, and maybe some weird gesturing, too, and it would be all Oscar's fault.
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|Jobs are a part of life. Maybe you've heard of the concept. It's called work? See, what happens is that you suffer through doing annoying and humiliating things until you get paid not enough money. Like those Japanese game shows, only without all the glory.
Dada Bhagwan|No one dies in the language of the Gnani (the Self-realized one) and every one dies in the language of the agnani (non-Self-realized person). The agnani (non-Self-realized person) mourns and grieves, and the Gnani simply ‘Sees’.
Terence McKenna|Feminism is a tremendously underestimated force, viewed in the present context primarily as a woman's concern. The understanding has not yet percolated throughout society that the advancement of women is a program vitally connected to the survival of human beings as a species. The reason for this is simply that institutions take on the character of the atoms which compose them, and what we are most menaced by in the twentieth century are dehumanized institutions. If women played a major role in policy formation and execution on the part of these institutions, I think they would have a far more benign and ecologically sensitive kind of character. So I see feminism not as a kind of war between the sexes or any of these stereotypic images, but as actually a kind of effort to shift the ratios of our emphasis that is expressed through our institutions.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|We’re probably leaving soon,” Rider said. “Might catch a movie.”Jayden leaned against the wall as he looked around the room. “I see how it is. You figure you don’t stand a chance with Mallory now that I’m here to show her what a real man looks like.” He winked as Rider just shook his head. “Fine, leave. But no dumb movie will be as entertainin’ as the Jayden Show. And I don’t charge admission.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Silence is not the absence of something but the presence of everything . . . It is the presence of time, undisturbed. It can be felt within the chest. Silence nurtures our nature, our human nature, and lets us know who we are. Left with a more receptive mind and a more attuned ear, we become better listeners not only to nature but to each other. Silence can be carried like embers from a fire. Silence can be found, and silence can find you. Silence can be lost and also recovered. But silence cannot be imagined, although most people think so. To experience the soul-swelling wonder of silence, you must hear it.
Brian D. McLaren, Why Did Jesus, Moses, the Buddha, and Mohammed Cross the Road?: Christian Identity in a Multi-Faith World|We, the public, are easily, lethally offended. We have come to think of taking offence as a fundamental right. We value very little more highly than our rage, which gives us, in our opinion, the moral high ground. From this high ground we can shoot down at our enemies and inflict heavy fatalities. We take pride in our short fuses. Our anger elevates, transcends.
John Updike|Know Thyself, a wise old Greek once said. Know Thyself. Now what does this mean, boys and girls? It means, be what you are. Don't try to be Sally or Johnny or Fred next door; be yourself. God doesn't want a tree to be a waterfall, or a flower to be a stone. God gives to each one of us a special talent." Janice and Rabbit become unnaturally still; both are Christians. God's name makes them feel guilty. "God wants some of us to become scientists, some of us to become artists, some of us to become firemen and doctors and trapeze artists. And He gives to each of us the special talents to become these things, provided we work to develop them. We must work, boys and girls. So: Know Thyself. Learn to understand your talents, and then work to develop them. That's the way to be happy.
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|Since one could virtually open the Bible to any page and likely find something that speaks to his particular situation, is it fair to attribute this to the voice of God? After all, the Bible is not the only relevant book in existence. There are other religions with other scriptural texts which could do the same job. In fact, the text need not even be “scriptural.” I could select Sartre’s “Existentialism and Humanism” off the shelf, randomly flip to any page, and likely find something applicable to my life. Does this mean God is speaking through the writings of Jean-Paul Sartre, a man who was by no means considered a friend to Christian thought? If the answer is yes, then who really needs to read the Bible? If this God is capable of turning anything into his “word” at any time, then you could theoretically receive a message from him in your Alpha-Bits.
Marge Kennedy|In truth a family is what you make it. It is made strong, not by number of heads counted at the dinner table, but by the rituals you help family members create, by the memories you share, by the commitment of time, caring, and love you show to one another, and by the hopes for the future you have as individuals and as a unit.
Carolyn G. Heilbrun, The Last Gift of Time: Life Beyond Sixty|These wrinkles are the hands of time,The journeys I’ve been onThey’ve seen me through a thousand days,And ev’ry victory wonThese fragile hands, With exposed bones,Are not a fearful sightBut rather, they, my faithful partners,Rocked babies through the nightThese eyes are weak, They see much less,Than yours they’ve seen much moreThey’ve guided me through birth, through death,Through grief, through hurt, through warThese ears can hear so very little,Yet they’ve learned to listen muchThey perk up not for gossip now,But for a heart to touchThose younger often look my way,With pity looks to giveYet this old body doesn’t mean I am dying,But rather, that I have lived
Teresa of Ávila, Interior Castle|Wheels have been set in motion, and they have their own pace, to which we are...condemned. Each move is dictated by the previous one - that is the meaning of order. If we start being arbitrary it'll just be a shambles: at least, let us hope so. Because if we happened, just happened to discover, or even suspect, that our spontaneity was part of their order, we'd know that we were lost. A Chinaman of the T'ang Dynasty - and, by which definition, a philosopher - dreamed he was a butterfly, and from that moment he was never quite sure that he was not a butterfly dreaming it was a Chinese philosopher. Envy him; his two-fold security. 
Henry Steele Commager|We live in a society in which spurious realities are manufactured by the media, by governments, by big corporations, by religious groups, political groups. I ask, in my writing, 'What is real?' Because unceasingly we are bombarded with pseudo realities manufactured by very sophisticated people using very sophisticated electronic mechanisms.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|Sharif Miyan: "I wish I did, though. Own some land, that is. My family owned it once when I was a young man. It's all gone now." Sharif Miyan's eyes had a faraway look in them, as if he could still see the land.Avi: "Where did it go?"Sharif Miyan: "We lost it during Partition. My family owned many farms in Punjab---the one in Pakistan."Avi: "But land does not go anywhere, does it?"Sharif Miyan: "You are right. Land does not. It's not the people who go away. I know where my land is in Punjab. I can see it. I can walk on it. But it is not mine. Isn't that terrible? I can never forget the day when those landgrabbers held my family at gunpoint and told me to leave. I didn't think I would have to leave the country.
Kandi Steiner, Tag Chaser|He laughs again. “You’re different, Caymen.”“Different than what?”“Than any other girl I’ve met.”Considering most of the girls he’d met probably had fifty times as much money as I did, that wasn’t a hard feat to accomplish. Thinking about that makes my eyes sting.“It’s refreshing. You make me feel normal.”“Huh. I better work on that because you’re far from normal.”He smiles and pushes my shoulder playfully. My heart slams into my ribs. “Caymen.”I take another handful of dirt and smash it against his neck then try to make a quick escape. He grabs me from behind, and I see his hand, full of dirt, coming toward my face when the warning beeps of the tractor start up.“Saved by the gravediggers,” he says.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|We might be all alone in the world, en effet, but that doesn't mean we have to be lonely.
Catherine Lowell, The Madwoman Upstairs|History is the collective consciousness of the then intellectuals and not just some numbers, time and events.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing|The true value of a man is not determined by his possession, supposed or real, of Truth, but rather by his sincere exertion to get to the Truth.
Holly Cupala, Tell Me a Secret|I started to sway Lexi again when I realized she was quiet. Waiting. Both of us paused on the cusp of the unknown. I couldn't go backward or even retrace my own steps, let alone Xanda's. I could only go forward. The threads of time weren't unraveling but weaving into a tapestry -- a future, and a hope. The only way to discover was to step into it.
Isaac Asimov|I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Helping professionals, therapists, life coaches, healers can greatly assist you in changing your life for the better, but they pale in comparison to the power thats gained from developing a relationship with yourself. It's you that holds the power for change
Richard Jackson|...make a poem that does not disturb  the silence from which it came." Wendell Berry
Joe Hill, Horns|God saves - but not now, and not here. His salvation is on layaway. Like all grifters, He asks you to pay now and take it on faith that you will receive later. Whereas women offer a different sort of salvation, more immediate and fulfilling. They don't put off their love for a distant, ill-defined eternity but make a gift of it in the here and now, frequently to those who deserve it least. So it was in my case. So it is for many. The devil and woman have been allies against God from the beginning...
Ted Allen|The best food I've had was actually in catering at 'Single Ladies.' It's insane. I can't live in Atlanta. In fact, even if I'm offered, I'm not sure I could come back for another six months, because I'll just be fat.
Boyd Varty, Cathedral of the Wild: An African Journey Home|Being depressed is one thing when your life can be seen by outsiders as justifiably hard, but it is a whole different shameful story when you have everything and still feel like you can't bear to get out of bed in the morning. People can't really be sympathetic to you when they can begin to fathom what you could be so upset about.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|The word desire suggests that there is something we do not have. If we have everything already, then there can be no desire, for there is nothing left to want. I think that what the Buddha may have been trying to tell us is that we have it all, each of us, all the time; therefore, desire is simply unnecessary.
Tom Vater|Whatever is scaring you, bring it into the light. It's strength will fade
Josh Alan Friedman, Tales of Times Square|I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. Everybody was awfully good to me, and there seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine.
Hernan Cortes|In polite society one laughs at all the jokes, including the ones one has heard before.
David W. Earle|REAL people do not have to lie, exaggerate, or brag for they are self-contained in self-understanding and acceptance of themselves. REAL people can make a mistake knowing that even when they do, it is only a mistake and just because the outcome was not to their liking, they know…THEY are not a mistake. REAL have the attitude this is who I am…and I am good enough, right now…just as I am. People who have chosen REAL have already clicked their heals together and returned home.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|For every good deed done, a blessing is waiting to be born!
Kenneth Oppel, The Nest|During childhood, it’s about trying to help develop who your kid’s going to be. During adolescence, it’s about responding to who your kid wants to be.
Cormac McCarthy|I like what I do. Some writers have said in print that they hated writing and it was just a chore and a burden. I certainly don't feel that way about it. Sometimes it's difficult. You know, you always have this image of the perfect thing which you can never achieve, but which you never stop trying to achieve. But I think ... that's your signpost and your guide. You'll never get there, but without it you won't get any
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|When we give our heartbreak to God, he fashions it into a softer and even more loving heart."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
K. Hari Kumar|Not just charity, even corruption begins at home.
Dominic Owen Mallary|Hardcore without punk isn't music, it's a genre of porn. And punk isn't a genre of music, it’s a thought process.
S.R. Crawford, Bloodstained Betrayal|OK then, picture daddy; whenever you’re afraid just close your eyes and picture me. I’ll be all that exists in your world and I promise to protect you.
Caitlyn Siehl|Start by pulling him out of the fire andhoping that he will forget the smell.He was supposed to be an angel but they took himfrom that light and turned him into something hungry,something that forgets what his hands are for when theyaren’t shaking.He will lose so much, and you will watch it all happenbecause you had him first, and you would let the worldbreak its own neck if it means keeping him.Start by wiping the blood off of his chin andpretending to understand.Repeat to yourself“I won’t leave you, I won’t leave you”until you fall asleep and dream of the placewhere nothing is red.When is a monster not a monster?Oh, when you love it.Oh, when you used to sing it to sleep.Here are your upturned hands.Give them to him and watch how he prayslike he is learning his first words.Start by pulling him out of another fire,and putting him back together with the piecesyou find on the floor.There is so much to forgive, but you do notknow how to forget.When is a monster not a monster?Oh, when you are the reason it has become so mangled.Here is your humble offering,obliterated and broken in the mouthof this abandoned church.He has come back to stop the worldfrom turning itself inside out, and you love him, you do,so you won’t let him.Tell him that you will never know any better.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|Envy, as distasteful as it is, has seeped into my mind on rare occasions, and those I've envied, although few in number, have only been those that live a life of leisure with peace of mind and time to do such wonderful things as read.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|I have set my life upon a cast,And I will stand the hazard of the die.
Anna Howard Shaw|The Spirit is Love expressed towards man as redeeming love, and the Spirit is truth, and the Spirit is the Holy Spirit. Redemption is inconceivable without truth and holiness.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Club Dumas|A grimy ghost hovered above a smiling scarecrow that looked puny next to an oversized bat being watched by a wicked witch who was entangled in the web of an even larger spider that was in danger of being eaten by a bug-eyed owl that peeped out of the faux foliage, much more nostalgic than scary.
Dalma Heyn|[Women's magazines]ignore older women or pretend that they don’t exist; magazines try to avoid photographs of older women, and when they feature celebrities who are over sixty, ‘retouching artists’ conspire to ‘help’ beautiful women look more beautiful, ie less than their age...By now readers have no idea what a real woman’s 60 year old face looks like in print because it’s made to look 45. Worse, 60 year old readers look in the mirror and think they are too old, because they’re comparing themselves to some retouched face smiling back at them from a magazine.
Sue Woolfe, The Secret Cure|I said very little. I knew that for the time being I was the open air, the place to put the words, not a real interlocutor. And then, ekthout a transition of any kind, she began to tell me .... {p. 134}
Jerry Bridges|I will hold my self to a standard of grace which is Christ's gift, not perfection which is Satan's trap.
Raymond S. Moore, School Can Wait|Do you ever want to go home?' I asked Paul.He brushed an ash from my face. 'It's the century of the displaced person,' he said. 'You can never go home.
Jeffrey R. Holland|If we constantly focus only on the stones in our mortal path, we willalmost surely miss the beautiful flower or cool stream provided by theloving Father who outlined our journey. Each day can bring more joythan sorrow when our mortal and spiritual eyes are open to God'sgoodness. Joy in the gospel is not something that begins only in thenext life. It is our privilege now, this very day. We must never allowour burdens to obscure our blessings. There will always be moreblessings than burdens--even if some days it doesn't seem so. Jesussaid, "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have itmore abundantly." Enjoy those blessings right now. They are yours andalways will be.
Mike Ericksen, Upon Destiny's Song|I was so happy to be out of there. “Barabas, if you weren’t battingfor the other team, I’d marry you.”He grinned. “If I weren’t batting for the other team, I would accept yourproposal. You had me at ‘No comment.’ If all my clients were this smart, mylife would be much easier. Much, much easier.
Akshay Vasu|So, Kurt Cobain kills himself at 27 and becomes a legend. People like that are one in a million. I'm just a normal human being. I agonize and suffer, but I also laugh all the time. People all die someday and disappear as if they never existed, but that's natural. I though I wasn't afraid of dying. No, NOBODY is actually afraid of dying itself. The pain of suffering lasts for an instant. What truly agonizes me... Is the thought of your crying face from far far across the entire galaxy. You were always prettiest when you smiled.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|One good thing about New York is that most people function daily while in a low-grade depression. It's not like if you're in Los Angeles, where everyone's so actively working on cheerfulness and mental and physical health that if they sense you're down, they shun you. Also, all that sunshine is a cruel joke when you're depressed. In New York, even in your misery, you feel like you belong.
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|songs, to me, were more important than just light entertainment. They were my preceptor and guide into some altered consciousness of reality. Some different republic, some liberated republic... whatever the case, it wasn't that I was anti-popular culture or anything and I had no ambition to stir things up. I just thought of mainstream culture as lame as hell and a big trick. It was like the unbroken sea of frost that lay outside the window and you had to have awkward footgear to walk with.
Dawn French, Oh Dear Silvia|It is irritating when someone talking to me,When she is not talking
Stephen King, It|Drinking caffeinated drinks including high potency energy drinks, and consuming other enablers, we do not need to develop an internal source for the energy, effort, endurance, and enthusiasm needed to confront each day.
Alison Croggon, The Bone Queen|I'd rather you wanted to make love,' said Dernhil, smiling crookedly. 'That was my first thought, when you barged in here. I could easily refuse that.''It's a much lesser question,' said Cadvan gravely. Then he gave Dernhil a sharp look. 'Would you really refuse me?''Probably.' Dernhil's eyes brimmed with sudden laughter. 'Honestly, Cadvan, have you no grace? What a thing to ask!'Cadvan's rare smile smile leapt in his face. 'It occurs to me that I might love you well enough.'Dernhil looked briefly astonished. 'And to think that all these years I thought you hated me!' he said lightly. 'You know I don't hate you,' said Cadvan. 'I think you know I never did. Nor you me. And you, maybe more than anyone else I know, understands that there are many kinds of love.' He gestured impatiently. 'That's not what I'm asking, anyway.''I know.' Dernhil met his gaze darkly. 'Only you would demand such a thing, in the middle of the night, from me, of all people!''Yes,' said Cadvan, a soft mockery in his voice. 'From you, of all people!'Dernhil looked down at his hands and was silent for a time, thinking. Cadvan waited patiently, watching him. When Dernhil looked up, his face was open, and a smile lurked in the back of his eyes. 'Perhaps I love you enough to scary you, Cadvan,' he said. 'And that is a great deal more than you deserve.' p.146
June Jordan|All the characters in my films are fighting these problems, needing freedom, trying to find a way to cut themselves loose, but failing to rid themselves of conscience, a sense of sin, the whole bag of tricks.
Colleen Luntzel, The World Is a Potluck... Bring Bread|My dad encouraged me to quit my job and pursue the life that I am about to have. He got excited with me. He was the first one to tell me that I could do it. I am 30 years old, and I still find great power in my own dad telling me it’s possible.I still find great power in my own dad telling me I can do it.
D. B. Sweeney|I'm a great sports fan, you know. I love to watch tennis and basketball and baseball and so on.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|I would not wish depression on anybody. And yet, it taught me a lot. I have not become suddenly mawkishly grateful for my life but I am more interested in it, more engaged you might say. When you have spent long years in the dark, there is joy in seeing the light and pleasure, above all, in the ordinary.
Denzel Washington|I trust it will not be giving away professional secrets to say that many readers would be surprised, perhaps shocked, at the questions which some newspaper editors will put to a defenseless woman under the guise of flattery.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|I won’t tell you what to believe, Eragon. It is far better to be taught to think critically and then be allowed to make your own decisions than to have someone else’s notions thrust upon you.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There is a world out there, so new, so random and disassociated that it puts us all in danger. We talk online, we ‘friend’ each other when we don’t know who we are really talking to – we fuck strangers. We mistake almost anything for a relationship, a community of sorts, and yet, when we are with our families, in our communities, we are clueless, we short-circuit and immediately dive back into the digitized version – it is easier, because we can be both our truer selves and our fantasy selves all at once, with each carrying equal weight.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|Once upon a time, there was a boy. He lived in a village that no longer exists, in a house that no longer exists, on the edge of a field that no longer exists, where everything was discovered, and everything was possible. A stick could be a sword, a pebble could be a diamond, a tree, a castle. Once upon a time, there was a boy who lived in a house across the field, from a girl who no longer exists. They made up a thousand games. She was queen and he was king. In the autumn light her hair shone like a crown. They collected the world in small handfuls, and when the sky grew dark, and they parted with leaves in their hair.Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Lord Bacchus, do you remember me? I helped you with that missing leopard in Sonoma."  Bacchus scratched his stubbly chin. "Ah... yes. John Green." "Jason Grace.""Whatever," the god said.
Darynda Jones, Third Grave Dead Ahead|Want coffee?" I asked, as I headed that way."It's three thirty in the morning.""Okay. Want coffee?
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Life is like a video game; sometimes you win, sometimes you lose”.
Zoe Kravitz|I relax by catching up with my friends and family. When I am at home in Ibiza, I find the contrast of living on a divided island relaxing - with beauty and tranquillity in the north and a sense of fun, shallowness and celebration in the south.
Susan C. Young|Passion is that strong feeling of emotion, ecstasy, or excitement which you feel for something or someone. This sizzling desire can light up your soul and fuel your commitment to be persistent in spite of obstacles and unfavorable circumstances. This depth of motivation can transform your life unlike anything else and reignite your purpose and your passion.
Jennifer Loren, The Devil's Eyes|Oh my! Did you see him?' Exie stops abruptly and turns to watch a man who smiles at her. ' Ooh yeah, he is fine.''You're not going to stop to talk to him?''Why ruin what we have by getting to know him?' She said with a wink.
Dexter Palmer|The alien reached out her hands to hold Alex’s tightly. “Please. Some of what I want to express, it may be difficult to locate the right words.”“Of course.”Pure alabaster eyes stared back at her. “Child, there is a hole in your mind.
Jasper Fforde|The only way to write is to write. Writers write. And when they’ve written, they write some more.
Sanhita Baruah|You can talk all you want about freedom of speech, but it's freedom of hearing that counts.
Alber Elbaz|Many, many times I find that whatever is looking good on the screen doesn't always look or feel good on the body. So who do we design for - do we design for the screen, or do we design for women?
Kate Rooper, Jane Unwrapped|Experiment: Live and love as much as I can, before my particles fall away to wander in stardust.
Nichole McElhaney, Poetry For Celestial Nymphs and Wayward Witches|To write you into poems,and make you unerasable.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Consequences need not be the obstacles that I dread, but the direction that I need.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|True gratitude, not mere verbal platitudes of thanks, is also a power in and of itself, which bursts forth from our inner being to the universe. Having received this power, the universe must respond, allowing more gifts to come our way.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Drink because you are happy, but never because you are miserable.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|Honey, de white man is de ruler of everything as fur as Ah been able tuh find out. Maybe it's some place way off in de ocean where de black man is in power, but we don't know nothin' but what we see. 
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men: Restored Edition|For example. But I cannot give you an example. It was not so much any one example, any one event, which I recollected which was important, but the flow, the texture of the events, for meaning is never in the event but in the motion through event. Otherwise we could isolate an instant in the event and say that this is the event itself. The meaning. But we cannot do that. For it is the motion which is important. And I was moving. I was moving West at seventy-five miles an hour, through a blur of million-dollar landscape and heroic history, and I was moving back through time into my memory. They say the drowning man re-lives his life as he drowns. Well, I was not drowning in water, but I was drowning in West. I drowned westward through the hot brass days and black velvet nights. It took me seventy-eight hours to drown. For my body to sink down to the very bottom of West and lie in the motionless ooze of History, naked on a hotel bed in Long Beach, California.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|And worse, far worse – he wasn't just kissing me. He was making me like it! And he was somehow, by some nefarious chauvinistic manly trick managing to make me kiss him back!
Edith Wharton|There is one friend in the life of each of us who seems not a separate person, however dear and beloved, but an expansion, an interpretation, of one's self, the very meaning of one's soul.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|Jealousy isn't a pleasant quality, but if it isn't overdone (and if it's combined with modesty), apart from its inconvenience there's even something touching about it.
Ken  Taylor, Ambassador Book One: How to Take on the World and Win|Being here with him is safety; it's a cave, where we huddle together while the storm goes on outside. This is a delusion, of course. This room is one of the most dangerous places I could be.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|We no longer have a sufficiently high estimate of ourselves when we communicate. Our true experiences are not garrulous. They could not communicate themselves if they wanted to: they lack words. We have already grown beyond whatever we have words for. In all talking there lies a grain of contempt. Speech, it seems, was devised only for the average medium, communicable. The speaker has already vulgarized himself by speaking.
Nelson Rodrigues|The French, it seems to me, strike a happy balance between intimacy and reserve. Some of this must be helped by the language, which lends itself to graceful expression even when dealing with fairly basic subjects.... And there's that famously elegant subtitle from a classic Western.COWBOY: "Gimme a shot of red-eye."SUBTITLE: "Un Dubonnet, s'il vous plait."No wonder French was the language of diplomacy for all those years.
Allie Burke, Paper Souls|For there is nothing quite so terror-inducing as the loss of sleep. It creates phantoms and doubts, causes one to questions one's own abilities and judgement, and, over time, dismantles, from within, the body.
Lada Ray|I create, therefore I am.
