Murray N. Rothbard|The truth is, Colonel, that there's no divine spark, bless you. There's many a man alive no more value than a dead dog. Believe me, when you've seen them hang each other... equality? Christ in Heaven. What I'm fighting for is the right to prove I'm a better man than many.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Hey," said Shadow. "Huginn or Muninn, or whoever you are." The bird turned, head tipped, suspiciously, on one side, and it stared at him with bright eyes."Say 'Nevermore,'" said Shadow."Fuck you," said the raven.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|If you've put yourself in a position where someone has to see you in order for you to be safe - to see you, and to give a fuck - you've already blown it.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Having escaped the Dark Ages in which animals were mere stimulus-response machines, we are free to contemplate their mental lives. It is a great leap forward, the one that Griffin fought for. But now that animal cognition is an increasingly popular topic, we are still facing the mindset that animal cognition can be only a poor substitute of what we humans have. It can’t be truly deep and amazing. Toward the end of a long career, many a scholar cannot resist shining a light on human talents by listing all the things we are capable of and animals not. From the human perspective, these conjectures may make a satisfactory read, but for anyone interested, as I am, in the full spectrum of cognitions on our planet, they come across as a colossal waste of time. What a bizarre animal we are that the only question we can ask in relation to our place in nature is “Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the smartest of them all?
David Bowick, How to Disappear Completely|Somewhere, on the long road that wound through those four years, the girl with her sachet & dancing slippers had slipped away & there was left a woman with sharp green eyes, who counted pennies & turned her hands to many menial tasks, a woman to whom nothing was left from the wreckage except the indestructible red earth on which she stood.
L.J. Smith, Secret Vampire|[He] said don't let them take you over. Walk into the room knowing you are the best. Shoulders back, chin up. Their attitudes will totally change.
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|I'm starved." -Juli"How can you be starved? You just ate a huge bowl of popcorn." -Elspeth"Popcorn isn't food, it's popcorn." -Vicki
Norman Davies, Europe|They still possess virtues which might cause shame to most Christians. No hospitals are needed among them, because there are neither mendicants nor paupers as long as there are any rich people among them. Their kindness, humanity, and courtesy not only make them liberal with what they have, but cause them to possess hardly anything except in common. A whole village must be without corn before any individual can be obliged to endure privation. They divide the produce of their fisheries equally with all who come
Akiroq Brost|Love comes from within, respect comes from within, acceptance comes from within, forgiveness comes from within; reach inside for Your Truth and find your Royalty.
Alice Hoffman|I'm trying to find someone who doesn't want to be found.""That can be as hard as looking for a shadow.
Thomas Paine, Rights of Man|Because gratitude is the key to happiness, anything that undermines gratitude must undermine happiness. And nothing undermines gratitude as much as expectations. There is an inverse relationship between expectations and gratitude: The more expectations you have, the less gratitude you will have.
Kevin Dutton, The Wisdom of Psychopaths: What Saints, Spies, and Serial Killers Can Teach Us About Success|When your heart flows broad and full like a river, a blessing and a danger to those living near: there is the origin of your virtue.When you are above praise and blame, and your will wants to command all things, like a lover's will: there is the origin of your virtue.When you despise the agreeable and the soft bed and cannot bed yourself far enough from the soft: there is the origin of your virtue.When you will with a single will and you call this cessation of all need "necessity": there is the origin of your virtue.Verily, a new good and evil is she. Verily, a new deep murmur and the voice of a new well!Power is she, this new virtue; a dominant thought is she, and around her a wise soul: a golden sun, and around it the serpent of knowledge.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!|You can forget trying to climb the success ladder, all you will ever need in life is brought to you in the Cosmic Ordering elevator.
Trent Reznor|'Yeezus,' I really love it. I think the sound of it is cool.
John C. Calhoun|I know that there is a great diversity of opinion as to who, in fact, pays the duties on imports. I do not intend to discuss that point. We of the staple and exporting States have long settled the question for ourselves, almost unanimously, from sad experience.
Stephanie Oakes, The Sacred Lies of Minnow Bly|I replay the scene again and again, the broken mashed-up face looming over me, the knowledge between the two of us that I'd done it. That act of kindness is still more unfathomable to me than any cruelty.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|Take too much time, and time will take you.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|In a marshland amongst the crocodiles, there float beautiful water lilies! Even in the Hell, one can find the good and the beauty.
Tony Dovale|For long-term true success we mush rethink and change our mindset from only valuing "happiness" to include Well-being as the foundation.
Drew Barrymore|Kisses, even to the air, are beautiful.
Daniel Stangar, The Telepathic People: Hidden Power|The last time anybody made a list of the top hundred character attributes of New Yorkers, common sense snuck in at number 79.
Saravana Kumar Murugan|I had survived the work gangs in the ghetto. Baked bread under cover of night. Hidden in a pigeon coop. Had a midnight bar mitzvah in the basement of an abandoned building. I had watched my parents be taken away to their deaths, had avoided Amon Goeth and his dogs, had survived the salt mines of Wieliczka and the sick games of Trzebinia. I had done so much to live, and now, here, the Nazis were going to take all that away with their furnace!I started to cry, the first tears I had shed since Moshe died. Why had I worked so hard to survive if it was always going to end like this? If I had known, I wouldn't have bothered. I would have let them kill me back in the ghetto. It would have been easier that way. All that I had done was for nothing.
Molly Caldwell Crosby, The American Plague: The Untold Story of Yellow Fever, the Epidemic that Shaped Our History|Concha would cry when she found out I was dead, she should have no taste for life for months afterward. But I was still the one who was going to die. I thought of her soft, beautiful eyes. when she looked at me something passed her to me. But I knew it was over: if she looked at me now the look would stay in her eyes, it wouldn't reach me. I was alone
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|The most successful entrepreneur that every lived (God) was and is successful because Jesus and the Holy Spirit showed they cared for poor lost souls. They were willing share knowledge and demonstrate how things should be done. Not one successful entrepreneur has every done it alone or has not had help from another. Teaching and working together is becoming a lost art. The lack of this may seem like job security for the some, but it's not. The one who does this must come to the realization that his security is threaten by the desperate fuel by his own selfishness. Even inventors have to find caring distributors who get their products out before the masses. Perseverance is just a link in the chain of success. 99% of the chain is sharing knowledge and showing that you care. The opposite of this is fleeting success. Success that is like a vapor, here one moment and gone the next.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|Rules should always be bent, if not broken. It's the only way to have any fun.
C. JoyBell C.|Man is not defiled by his impurities. It is the other man pointing out his impurities to him, whom he is defiled by. Is there anything anyone can do, to become righteous, anyway? God made us impure. If he had a problem with that, He would have made us gods, instead.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|Keeping demons from this world is your mandate, a mandate from heaven. And a mandate from heaven isn't something you can just ignore.
Intisar Khanani, Thorn|Unconditional love is something people achieve once they’ve given themselves over completely to someone. Once they’ve decided that no matter what the other person does, they will always love them.
Warren Ellis|I believe in a world where all these things can happen, even if I have to do them myself.
Joyce Giraud|If our nation wants to reduce global warming, air pollution and energy instability, we should invest only in the best energy options. Nuclear energy isn't one of them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A pearl never loses its value, not even when covered with dirt.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you want it enough, you find strength to work for its achievement.
Danielle  Paige, Dorothy Must Die|Girls Understand Girls,But they don't like each other.
Dan Garfat-Pratt, Citations: A Brief Anthology|My head is a prison I’ve been locked in from the start,So if I'm treated like a criminal I might as well play the part.(attrib: E. Tancarville)
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|What do you want for her?"	"Dragon bones."	The leader's eyes narrowed even as his pupils turned to vertical slits. The contrasting actions was jarring to see. "That's impossible."	Rory lifted a shoulder, casual indifference. "Nothing's impossible. I want them, you want this female. Find me dragon bones, you get her.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|When you're too religious, you tend to point your finger to judge instead of extending your hand to help.
Gwendolyn Brooks, Maud Martha|She was afraid to suggest to him that to most people, nothing "happens." That most people merely live from day to day until they die. That, after he had been dead a year, doubtless fewer than five people would think of him oftener than once a year. That there might even come a year when no one on earth would think of him at all.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The mortal enemies of man are not his fellows of another continent or race; they are the aspects of the physical world which limit or challenge his control, the disease germs that attack him and his domesticated plants and animals, and the insects that carry many of these germs as well as working notable direct injury. This is not the age of man, however great his superiority in size and intelligence; it is literally the age of insects.
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|One thing about great art: it made you love people more, forgive them their petty transgressions. It worked in the way that religion was supposed to, if you thought about it.
Rishad sakhi|If you have had a bad day, remember that tomorrow is a wonderful gift and a new chance to try again.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|I read one study that indicated when a couple has been together for approximately three hundred hours, even most of those who are trying to be moral will do things they didn't intend originally. They may not even realize that is where the relationship is headed until it happens.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|It is well to believe that there needs but a little more thought, a little more courage, more love, more devotion to life, a little more eagerness, one day to fling open wide the portals of joy and of truth.
V.S. Carnes|He liked to make his hearers jump, now and then, and he said that our gravel pit was much the same sort of place as Gehenna. My elders thought this far-fetched, but I saw no reason why hell should not have, so to speak, visible branch establishments throughout the earth, and I have visited quite a few of them since.
Pablo Picasso|I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A living faith, a glorious hope.
Euginia Herlihy|Brains will always conquer brawn, in the end. The soldiers can flex their muscles all they want, but the well-thought-out tactics of the generals are what win the war.
Mary Roach, Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex|Footnote: In 1998, a woman in Saline, Michigan received a patent for a Decorative Penile Wrap...The patent included three pages of drawings, including a penis wearing a ghost outfit, another in the robes of the Grim Reaper, and one dressed up to look like a snowman. 
Michael Bassey Johnson|Trying to please everybody is what you'll soon get tired of, because as time goes on, those you're pleasing will get tired of you.
Robert Greene, Mastery|Mastery is not a function of genius or talent. It is a function of time and intense focus applied to a particular field of knowledge. But there is another element, an X factor that Masters inevitably possess, that seems mystical but that is accessible to us all. Whatever field of activity we are involved in, there is generally an accepted path to the top. It is a path that others followed, and because we are conformist creatures, most of us opt for this conventional route. But Masters have a strong inner guiding system and a high level of self-awareness. What has suited others in the past does not suit them, and they know that trying to fit into a conventional mold would only lead to a dampening of spirit, the reality they seek eluding them. And so inevitably, these Masters, as they progress on their career paths, make a choice at a key moment in their lives: they decide to forge their own route, one that others will see as unconventional, but that suits their own spirit and rhythms and leads them closer to discovering the hidden truths of their objects of study. This key choice takes self-confidence and self-awarenes–the X factor that is necessary for attaining mastery...
H.G. Wells, When the Sleeper Wakes|You cannot imagine the craving for rest that I feel—a hunger and thirst. For six long days, since my work was done, my mind has been a whirlpool, swift, unprogressive and incessant, a torrent of thoughts leading nowhere, spinning round swift and steady
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Albert Einstein’s equation, E=MC2, is considered to be a theory. Despite being one, we have been able to use it to produce the energy we need to power our cities, as well as the bombs to destroy the same.
Abraham Lincoln|I think faith is the small mustard seed of opportunities every day. For example, 'Am I going to love this person? Am I going to share my faith with this person? Am I going to pray that little prayer?' It really is a daily thing where you seize those little mustard seed opportunities and then see what God does.
Kaye P.|Subconsciously, every one believes in angels, fairies, magic and a happy ever after.
Joseph Patrick Pascale|At Columbus Circle, a juggler wearing a trench cloak and top hat, who is usually at this location afternoons and who calls himself Stretch Man, performs in front of a small, uninterested crowd; though I smell prey, and he seems worthy of my wrath, I move on in search of a less dorky target. Though if he’d been a mime, odds are he’d already be dead.
Debasish Mridha|I am not pretty; I am not ugly. I am not true, and I am not false. I am just me—a reality, a conception, and not a misinterpretation.
Roy Lichtenstein|In art, there is no need for color; I see only light and shade. Give me a crayon, and I will paint your portrait.
Cheryl Drake Harris, Lily's Ghost|With each beat, the heart pumps nearly three ounces of blood into the arteries--seventy-five to ninety gallons an hour when the body is at rest.
Joss Whedon|Angels need an assumed body, not for themselves, but on our account.
Ellyn Spragins, What I Know Now: Letters to My Younger Self|Notice some of the beauty around you.Partake in joy. And when you get the choice to watch on the sidelines or to dance, get out there and dance- Lee Ann Womack
Tess Gerritsen|My dad was Chinese-American and very conservative when it came to his family's futures. He said if I wanted to have a secure job, I should go into science. So I did what Dad said and went to medical school, but the writing bug never left me.
Clive Barker, Absolute Midnight|Empathy is not something we offer to our customers or our employees from nine to five... (it) is... "a second by second, minute by minute service that [we] owe to everyone if [we] want to call [ourselves] a leader.
Enock Maregesi|We can all take pictures but not everyone can capture the beauty that's usually hidden in plain view...We can all open our mouth to sing but not everyone can can melodically touch your soul...We can all pick up a pen to write but not everyone can write words in such a way that they leap off of the page for you...We can all part our lips to speak but not everyone can speak life into you...We can all move our bodies to a beat but not everyone can become one with music, stir emotions and shift energy with dance...Point is: WE CAN all do something but Know your gifts, cultivate them and ALWAYS, ALWAYS BE YOURSELF! Then working together becomes effortless. Copies aren't accepted everywhere...ORIGINALS are eventually required!
Ian Fleming, On Her Majesty's Secret Service|The habit of questioning authority is one of the most valuable gifts that a book, or a teacher, can give a young would-be scientist.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|With self-acceptance, we have the ability to choose compassion and forgiveness over anger and self-hatred.
darwin araman ergina|you don't want to be hurt that's why you throw your fellow sheep away yes you will no longer be hurt but the sheep you throw away is now walking to dark forest where a hungry pack of wolves are waiting, where he will face death.
Cornelia Funke|Killing is easy," said Mo, "Dying is harder...
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|People blame science. Shit, man, people shouldn’t blame science. People should blame people.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|If someone had asked him about his dreams on the morning of the barbecue, he would have said that he didn't want for much, but he wouldn't mind a lower mortgage, a tidier house, another baby - ideally a son, but he'd take another girl no problem at all - a big motherfucking boat if it were up for grabs, and more sex. He would have laughed about the sex. Or smiled at least. A rueful smile. Maybe the smile would have been exactly halfway between rueful and bitter.
Emily Thorne|Penance is a sacrifice, a voluntary punishment to show remorse for a sin. The more grievous the sin, the greater the self-inflicted suffering. For some, the ultimate penance is death. But for others, it simply a means to an end.
Rachael Wade, Repossession|A man, who does not commit an evil act either, has no opportunity or the stomach.
Tom Green|You know when you send a text message to someone and you don't get a response right away, you feel depressed? You send a text message to someone you really like and you get a response right away you feel happy? You feel happy, the body, it creates the chemical dopamine, the dopamine, it goes through your blood and you become addicted to that dopamine rush, and you associate that dopamine rush with the happy feeling of receiving the text, and that's why you got people sending 3,000 fucking text messages a day, right, we're not even paying attention to what we're saying anymore it's just like a, like a morphine drip, right, it's like a dopamine drip! HAPPY BUTTONS! HAPPY BUTTONS! HAPPY BUTTONS! TIME TO PLAY WITH THE HAPPY BUTTONS!
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|Religious doctrines … are all illusions, they do not admit of proof, and no one can be compelled to consider them as true or to believe in them.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|God has hidden in each and every one of us so many abilities, gifts and resources that could only be activated by work.
Chad Sugg, Monsters Under Your Head|If you're reading this...Congratulations, you're alive.If that's not something to smile about,then I don't know what is.
Kathryn Lasky|It has been a week since Ami died and this morning I woke suddenly hours before dawn, indeed the same hour as when my mother died. It was not a dream that woke me, but a thought. And with that thought I could swear I heard Ami's voice. But I am not frightened. I am joyous. Joyous with realization. For I cannot help but think what a lucky person I am. Imagine that in all the eons of time, in all the possible universes of which Dara speaks, of all the stars in the heavens, Ami and I came together for one brief and shining sliver of time. I stop. I think.Supposing in the grand infinity of this universe two particles of life, Ami and me, swirl endlessly like grains of sand in the oceans of the world -- how much of a chance is there for these two particles, these two grains of sand, to collide, to rest briefly together... at the same moment in time? That is what happened with Ami and me... this miracle of chance.
Dalina Bradley B.|Did you talk to him about it?""Oh, sure. Nothing happened, yadda yadda. The usual. But my maydar went off like crazy.""Maydar?""As in, he may be thinking about super hot sex with her. Like radar, only not as sure.
Dick Cheney|The more we pour the big machines, the fuel, the pesticides, the herbicides, the fertilizer and chemicals into farming, the more we knock out the mechanism that made it all work in the first place.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings.
P.C. Cast, Tempted|If I shot an arrow and thought about an ass, would it surprise you that I hit Erik?' Stark asked me in a pleasant, nonchalant voice.
Roald Dahl|Happiness is your inherent nature. In the hustle and bustle of life, you have forgotten a part of yourself, and looking for it outside. Fill this void with happiness that is sustainable, not transitory; that illuminates your life and that of others, that is life giving and so natural.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me." "Say 'please.'" "Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?" "Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves in his annoying singsong voice. "All right- PLEASE." "NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn't say nothing if you didn't say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!" And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and Filch cursing in rage.
Callum Horncastle|One day, and it may be long off, but one day there will be bacon again. It might be mouse bacon, but that will do for me.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|It's not possible to advise a young writer because every young writer is so different. You might say, 'Read,' but a writer can read too much and be paralyzed. Or, 'Don't read, don't think, just write,' and the result could be a mountain of drivel. If you're going to be a writer you'll probably take a lot of wrong turns and then one day just end up writing something you have to write, then getting it better and better just because you want it to be better, and even when you get old and think 'There must be something else people do,' you won't quite be able to quit.
Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight, Vol. 16|No matter how dim the light filtering through the trees is, you can still try your best to grasp it. -Kaien Cross
Debasish Mridha|When the heart is torn and broken, only love and kindness can mend it.
Genereux Philip|Surround yourself with people that want more out of life. That won’t settle for average. People that you can connect with on a deeper level. Keep your circle fresh. Keep your circle full of quality rather than quantity. Full of cool ass humans that you can be yourself around. People that fill you up with nothing but love. People that want to see you succeed. People that GET IT. Good circle, good life!
Joe Niemczura, The Sacrament of the Goddess|You don't understand. I only prostitute the part of the body that isn't important, and nobody suffers except my karma a little bit. I don't do big harm. You prostitute your mind. Mind is seat of Buddha. What you do is very very bad. You should not use your mind in that way
Muhammad Asad, The Principles of State and Government in Islam|The government decides to try to increase the middle class by subsidizing things that middle class people have: If middle-class people go to college and own homes, then surely if more people go to college and own homes, we’ll have more middle-class people. But homeownership and college aren’t causes of middle-class status, they’re markers for possessing the kinds of traits — self-discipline, the ability to defer gratification, etc. — that let you enter, and stay, in the middle class. Subsidizing the markers doesn’t produce the traits; if anything, it undermines them.
Holly Black, Doll Bones|He had read lots of stories where heroes succeeded in spite of long odds, where they accomplished a task that everyone else had failed at. He wondered for the first time about all the people who'd gone before those heroes, about whether they'd been at each other's throats, before everything had gone wrong. He wondered if there was a point where they realized they weren't going to make it, weren't going to beat those long odds--that in the legend that would follow, they were going to be the nameless people that failed.
S.G. Holster, Terrible Lies|There was no gentle way around it - hearts would be broken, relationships would be crushed and I was the messenger.
Shelly Crane, The Other Side Of Gravity|The fact that you can't see how much you're worth makes you worth so much more." She opened her mouth once, her brow bunched, but nothing came out. She didn't know the words to ask. I continued. "A diamond doesn't know how much it's worth; it's just beautiful because it exists.
Octavia E. Butler|Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Kim Jong-un|Kids are soft these days, period, end of the story in every respect. People coddle them too much. I'm sick of that; it's irresponsible parenting. Taking care of them is one thing, but turning little boys into little girls because you're coddling them so much, kids need to have experiences on their own.
Carlton D. Pearson, God Is Not a Christian, Nor a Jew, Muslim, Hindu...: God Dwells with Us, in Us, Around Us, as Us|Hell was never God's intention. It is man's invention. It is a human-manufactured religious icon, no less idolatrous than deifying a statue.
Alec Baldwin|My life, in some ways, has been a half-measure. I didn't commit myself all the way to my marriage and family, because I would have given up more. And I didn't go all the way with just being completely selfish. I always wonder where my career would be if I was more selfish.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|Let's ignore all that back and front matter and just stick to emergences, cross-sections, to what's right in front of us in the divide where all-things has come to gather and to stay though hidden yet behind its mask, which has got it looking so deliciously comprehensively like so many things-distinct.
Eddie Vedder|It's not very interesting to establish sympathy for people who, on the surface, are instantly sympathetic. I guess I'm always attracted to people who, if their lives were headlines in a newspaper, you might not be very sympathetic about them.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Governments have absolutely no interest in self-reliance. It defeats one of the purposes for their existence. They encourage and thrive on dependency. The more of it they sell, the more necessary they are, and the more power and money they need.
Samuel Rutherford|I’ve tried everything else, I’ll try God.“- Cherie.
Atul Gawande|I love you," I whisper over and over again. "Don't go," I close my eyes. My tears fall on his cheeks.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|Human beings, to me, are rather like electrical appliances that need to be charged regularly, and prayer is a way of plugging into that charge.
Sunday Adelaja|You have a calling, but this does not mean that you must start your ministry immediately
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|What is less often noticed is that it is precisely the kind of moral instruction that parents are constantly trying to give their children — concrete, imaginative, teaching general principles from particular instances, and seeking all the time to bring the children to appreciate and share the parent's own attitudes and view of life… The all-embracing principles of conduct
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Because beautiful things never last. Not roses nor snow… And not fireworks, either
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|The faithless are surprised, that the faithful put no faith in them; the infidels are astounded that the wise do not put trust in them. After all we don't entrust cement to grow abundant foliage.
Debasish Mridha|Do not try to be the best, but never forget to try your best.
Michael Muhammad Knight, The Taqwacores|Islam is going to rise, Once again.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|At times like this, Eryn didn't feel like they were just twins. They were teammates. They were partners. They were two halves of the same brain.
Ronald Frame, Havisham|When the heart has been wounded, it forms scar tissue that acts as an armor around it, which in turn gives it courage to love again.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|Writing poetry is supernatural. Or, it should be.
Luke Edison|Bravery is not the absence of fear, but rather, it is the decision to look fear in the eyes and press on regardless
Manoj Arora, Happiness Unlimited: How to be happy always|When it's all said and done, I hope to die with a smile on my face.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|The simplicity of life never ceases to amaze me, and the many ways we complicate it blows my mind.
Onyi Anyado|You will give to those whom don't appreciate you, until you've had enough of accepting less than you deserve
Scarlett Avery, French Kiss|I ended up comparing any girl I was ever with to you. I was never going to find you in any of them was I, AJ? Because there will never be another you.
Alice Broadway, Ink|We're all a bit bad. We all have things in our lives that bring us shame and regret. Things that have hurt our souls or hurt the people we love. But 're all a bit good too. i reckon we're mostly good actually. And life is about trying to learn the balance, plot our place on the continuum... We're not just made up of good and bad: we're everything else too.
José Saramago, Blindness|Since it is likely that, being men, they would sin every day, St. Paul consoles his hearers by saying ‘renew yourselves’ from day to day. This is what we do with houses: we keep constantly repairing them as they wear old. You should do the same thing to yourself. Have you sinned today? Have you made your soul old? Do not despair, do not despond, but renew your soul by repentance, and tears, and Confession, and by doing good things. And never cease doing this.
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|A home filled with nothing but yourself. It's heavy, that lightness. It's crushing, that emptiness.
Miggy Villas|Neuroanatomy, political history, and introspection all offer evidence that human beings are quite capable of resisting the urge to surrender to every impulse of reptilian core of brain.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|One will hate you for taking his life, another will run to excesses that you scorn. A third will emerge mad and raving, another a monster you cannot control. One will be jealous of your superiority, another shut you out... And the veil will always come down between you Make a legion, you will be, always and forever alone!
T. Scott McLeod|On the philosophical level, both Buddhism and modern science share a deep suspicion of any notion of absolutes, whether conceptualize as a transcendent being, as an eternal, unchanging principle such as soul, or as a fundamental substratum of reality. ... In the Buddhist investigation of reality, at least in principle, empirical evidence should triumph over scriptural authority, no matter how deeply venerated a scripture may be. ~ 14th Dalai Lama in his talk to the Society for Neuroscience in 2005 in Washington.
Mary Balogh, Simply Perfect|And so silence and ...darkness hold happiness and joy?" he said softly."Assuredly," she said, "provided one listens to the silence and gazes deeply into the darkness. Everything is there. Everything.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|I am not Perfect, but I am a Limited Edition
José Ortega y Gasset|... every hypothesis is a construction, and because of this it is an authentic theory. In so far as they merit that exigent name, ideas are never a mere reception of presumed realities, but they are constructions of possibilities; therefore they are pure bits of imagination, or fine ideas of our own...
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|Choice Theory explains that, for all practical purposes, we choose everything we do.
Kirsten Kaschock, Sleight|How did the hearing go?” she asked.“We won, sort of,” Kaldar said. “We die at dawn.”“The court gave the Sheeriles twenty-four hours,” William corrected.“Yes, but ‘we die at dawn the day after tomorrow’ doesn’t sound nearlyas dramatic.”“Does it have to be dramatic all the time?” Catherine murmured.“Of course. Everyone has a talent. Yours is crocheting and mine ismaking melodramatic statements.
Robert Silverberg, Tower of Glass|If you really want to do, be or have anything, then first destroy your greatest enemy 'doubt’. The manifestation of your desire is directly proportional to how much you believe.
K.L. Kreig, Black Swan Affair|When life gives you lemons, you don't make lemonade. That's for pantywaisters. No. You pucker up, suck them dry, then throw the used rinds back in life's face with a giant fuck-you and a gesture for more.
Scot Fin, Ralph and the Girl From Mayfair Towers|I've got a thing about heights."Nate glanced at her. "I thought you had a thing about bugs?""I've got more than one thing, it's allowed.""You were okay up in the loft, said Debbie."Because the loft is a nice big space with guard rails," Veek said. "A ladder's a flag pole with delusions of grandeur.
George Bernard Shaw|The first thing I did after getting a Master's degree - and the Air Force was very kind; they let me stay on at school to get a Master's - I went to Denver for the Armed Forces Air Intelligence School, six months. Fundamentally, we had a major effort on in Southeast Asia, and this was training folks to support that effort.
Sofia Samatar, The Best American Science Fiction and Fantasy, 2016|If the Bible were the most boring book in the world--dull, uninteresting and seemingly irrelevant--it would still be our duty to study it. If its literary style were awkward and confusing, the duty would remain. We live as human beings under an obligation by divine mandate to study diligently God's Word. He is our Sovereign, it is his Word, and he commands that we study it. A duty is not an option. If you have not yet begun to respond to that duty, then you need to ask God to forgive you and to resolve to do your duty from this day forth.
Diana Gabaldon, "I Give You My Body . . .": How I Write Sex Scenes|But it wouldn’t have half the power of a story in which Jamie and Claire truly conquer real evil and thus show what real love is. Real love has real costs—and they’re worth it. I’ve always said all my books have a shape, and Outlander’s internal geometry consists of three slightly overlapping triangles. The apex of each triangle is one of the three emotional climaxes of the book: 1) when Claire makes her wrenching choice at the stones and stays with Jamie, 2) when she saves Jamie from Wentworth, and 3) when she saves his soul at the abbey. It would still be a good story if I’d had only 1 and 2—but (see above), the Rule of Three. A story that goes one, two, three, has a lot more impact than just a one–two punch.
Reinhold Messner|After every few steps, we huddle over our ice axes mouths agape, struggling for sufficient breath to keep our muscles going.... at a height of 8800 metres, we can no longer keep on our feet while we rest. We crumple to our knees, clutching our axes.... Every ten or fifteen steps we collapse into the snow to rest, then crawl on again.
Jonathan Maberry, Flesh & Bone|I’m alive; I’m not gonna try eating your ass, okay? Don’t shoot!” “What… Eat my ASS?”“Sorry, I didn’t mean it like that.
Jay  Nichols|When you view your world exclusively through the lens of science, your prescription will never be strong enough.
Carolyn Custis James, The Gospel of Ruth: Loving God Enough to Break the Rules|First and foremost, God is the true hero of the story. No matter how captivating the other characters may be, our top priority is to discover what the Bible reveals about God.
Thomas Kyd|The American people know that every day 3,000 kids begin to smoke, 1,000 of them die an early death. They're not going to allow us to go forward this year and not have comprehensive bipartisan legislation. It's in everybody's best interest.
S.L.J. Shortt, Blood Heavy|Sophie coughed, and Oliver felt his cheeks becoming warm. “Don’t be an ass, Andrew.” “That’s a little bit difficult to accomplish, y’know?” Andrew replied. “I mean, if you had been so kind as to paint me with black and white stripes, I would’ve been a zebra!
Sarah Ruhl|When I am not paying attention to my children, they appear to desperately need it. When I am giving them my full attention, they seem just as happy to play by themselves. It is as though they need to be certain of my attention in order to play their own games and ignore me.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|Nobody is, was, will be born smart. But for you to be smart, and act smart, you need to think smart always. It is not a subject of your alma mater, it is the side and fries of what the genius within can comprehend, comply and captivate. In every beginning has a twelve kick start, promotion of the relativity of your new thinking, the story of a bunch of math and the spirit of a wonder apple.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|Those societies in which seriousness, tradition, conformity and adherence to long-established - often god-prescribed - ways of doing things are the strictly enforced rule, have always been the majority across time and throughout the world. Such people are not known for their sense of humour and lightness of touch; they rarely break a smile. To them, change is always suspect and usually damnable, and they hardly ever contribute to human development. By contrast, social, artistic and scientific progress as well as technological advance are most evident where the ruling culture and ideology give men and women permission to play, whether with ideas, beliefs, principles or materials. And where playful science changes people's understanding of the way the physical world works, political change, even revolution, is rarely far behind.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|More than attitude, posture has also been used throughout history to communicate one’s status in society.
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|We tell our stories, especially as young people, in part because we want them to be true. We want life to be full of adventure and creativity and daring that might, just might, be real.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|I don't need him to comfort me or tell me it's okay. I can make it okay, myself.Maybe that was what happened when you faced the very worst thing in the world.She'd lost her family and her old life and maybe even her childhood, but she'd found herself.And that would have to do.
Darynda Jones, Brighter Than the Sun|Once the cons were in the cell, they’d pull razors or homemade daggers out and rob the YOs of their trainers, leather jackets or jewellery. You couldn’t placate them; it would be akin to expecting not to be bitten from a Rhodesian Ridgeback whilst petting it! Bar L was full of rough, colourful and out-of-control junkies who wouldn’t think twice about stabbing you or slashing you just to get what you had on your feet to pay for their next hit of smack.
Jonah Goldberg, Liberal Fascism: The Secret History of the American Left from Mussolini to the Politics of Meaning|The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented. From the Soviet Union to Cuba to Venezuela, wherever true socialism or communism has been adopted, it has delivered anguish and devastation and failure. Those who preach the tenets of these discredited ideologies only contribute to the continued suffering of the people who live under these cruel systems.
Abhijit Naskar|People fight over religion, because they don't understand religion. They think reading a few Bibles, Qurans and Vedas makes them religious. Books are not religion my friend. Real religion is realization of the Self.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|We were thirsty for some form of beauty, even in an incomprehensible, overintellectual, abstract film with no subtitles and censored out of recognition. There was a sense of wonder at being in a public place for the first time in years without fear or anger, being in a place with a crowd of strangers that was not a demonstration, a protest rally, a breadline or a public execution...For a brief time we experienced collectively the kind of awful beauty that can only be grasped at through extreme anguish and expressed through art.
Eliza Cook|When I got home from hospital, and I was in a wheelchair in a plaster body cast, an aeroplane flew over. And I thought to myself, 'Well, if I can't walk, then I might as well fly.' And I was lifted into the aeroplane for the first time. And when I took the controls of the aeroplane, I knew this was something I could do. I thought, 'I can fly.'
Emery LeeAnn, Chaos & Burnt Offerings|I read somewhere that dedications are like coded love letters, but I always seem to lay us out bare.Sorry for the poems.
Lindsay Faith Rech, It Started with a Dare|Why save the rainforest, the whales, or the world when you can devote your time to saving syllables?
C.J. Sansom, Dominion|For wicked people to do evil requires money, and good people superstition. Combining these elements gives us organized religion, but to achieve the worst of all evil conflate politics to the compound and the tragedies are endless.
Philippa Gregory, The Kingmaker's Daughter|Say yes,’ he whispers. ‘Marry me.’I hesitate. I open my eyes. ‘You will get my fortune,’ I remark. ‘When I marry you, everything I have becomes yours. Just as George has everything that belongs to Isabel.’‘That’s why you can trust me to win it for you,’ he says simply. ‘When your interests and mine are the same, you can be certain that I will care for you as for myself. You will be my own. You will find that I care for my own.’‘You will be true to me?’‘Loyalty is my motto. When I give my word, you can trust me.
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|All I'm telling you to do is to be smart about it. Know that if this man isn't looking for a serious relationship, you're not going to change his mind just because you two are going on dates and being intimate. You could be the most perfect woman on the Lord's green earth-you're capable of interesting conversation, you cook a mean breakfast, you hand out backrubs like sandwiches, you're independent (which means, to him, that you're not going to be in his pockets)-but if he's not ready for a serious relationship, he going to treat you like sports fish.
Doris Haddock|First, a man may in some ways be superior to his fellows and still serve them, if together they serve a common cause which is greater than any one man. I believe that I serve such a cause, or I would not be doing it.
Angela Bushman, A Soul's Journey Home|There comes a point when you begin to connect to the dots, when the chosen paths begin to mean something, when the picture starts to reveal itself. It is probably not at all what you had envisioned, but somewhere deep inside, perhaps you always knew. The journey was there for a reason. Its was there for you and for the others that have traveled along with you. The strength and comfort that comes from that awareness is amazing and beyond words. Once experienced, it becomes the biggest part of you. So let it unfold. Let your life reveal its lessons. Follow your heart, as it will not lead you astray. Find your passion and let its energy run through you in ways you have never experienced. With that, your real life will begin.
Cherríe L. Moraga|She wished he could make her somehow indelibly his; that they were still children so they could cut their fingers and mingle their blood and know this meant something. She longed for some transformation more lasting than that wrought by the law and his name, some visceral change he might effect in her so that anyone on the street with one glance would know she was his.
R.P. Falconer|Never step on caterpillars, as one day they'll become butterflies, and you'll never know when you'll need a ride on their wings of fortune.
Pittacus Lore|If there was anything the last year had taught her—if there was anything Caleb had taught her, the Metigen War had taught her—it was that perspective was everything. If you wanted to understand your enemy, you must understand that they were the hero in their own story.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|An ordinary teacher teaches how to accumulate information. A good teacher teaches how to assimilate information. A great teacher teaches how to stand up and turn every challenge into opportunities. An extraordinary teacher teaches how to be larger than life by following your own dreams, own goals and own instincts.
Ella Frank, Try|Gone now was the tease. Gone was the lesson on the how's and why's. Now came the need…The need to finish, the need to come, and the need to be part of the other person.
David Finkel, The Good Soldiers|Evan stares at me.I try to hug him. He takes a step back. I pause, my heart in my throat. I’ve got to reach out to him, let myself be vulnerable. I find the courage, but he backs up again.“You can’t go to Iraq anymore.”“I know.”He looks up at Deanna, then back to me. “Did you fight bad guys? You told me you weren’t.” His voice is suspicious, full of accusation. He doesn’t trust me, and I don’t blame him for that.“No, Evan. I didn’t fight bad guys.”I can’t bring myself to tell him the complete truth. I want so desperately to go back into this fight. I miss it every day. I always felt I could change the world with a rifle in my hands and our flag on my shoulder.“Did you get shot?” he looks me over, apparently searching for bullet wounds.I grin a little. “No, Bud, I didn’t get shot.”“People get shot in Iraq.”“Yes, they do.” It strikes me then that Evan for the first time has a grasp on the dangers that are faced over there. He’s six now, and the world is coming into focus for him.“People get shot, Daddy. They die. Bad guys kill them.”I think of Edward Iwan and Sean Sims.“Yeah, I know they do, Evan.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|Have faith in 'What Is'. You will get your due, good or not so good, to your liking or not, but in time, as it is meant to be.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Careful not to blur the lines between what belongs to characters, and what does not belong to you. Even 'reality tv' is scripted. Don't get it twisted. ~T.F. Hodge
Bill Hirst|To die, is to be banish'd from myself; And Silvia is myself: banish'd from her, Is self from self: a deadly banishment! What light is light, if Silvia be not seen? What joy is joy, if Silvia be not by? Unless it be to think that she is by, And feed upon the shadow of perfection.Except I be by Silvia in the night, There is no music in the nightingale; Unless I look on Silvia in the day, There is no day for me to look upon; She is my essence, and I leave to be, If I be not by her fair influence Foster'd, illumin'd, cherish'd, kept alive.
Susan Ee, World After|Unlike its human counterparts, an army of zombies is completely independent of support. It will not require food,ammunition, or medical attention. It will not succumb to panic, desertion, or out-and-out mutiny. Like the virus that gave it life, this undead force will continue to grow, spreading across the body of this planet until there is nothing left to devour. Where would you go? What would you do?
Deontay Wilder|Wise to resolve, and patient to perform.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|The moon had spread over everything a thin layer of silver--over the rank grass, over the mud, upon the wall of matted vegetation standing higher thanthe wall of a temple, over the great river I could see through a somber gap glittering, glittering, as it flowed broadly by without a murmur.All this was great, expectant, mute, while the man jabbered about himself. I wondered whether the stillness on the face of the immensity looking at us two were meant as an appeal or as a menace. What were we who had strayed in here? Could we handle that dumb thing, or would it handle us? I felt how big, how confoundedly big, was that thing thatcouldn't talk, and perhaps was deaf as well. What was in there?
Alexander Lowen, Pleasure|There was still one response, the greatest, that she had missed. She thought: To find a feeling that would hold, as their sum, as their final expression, the purpose of all the things she loved on earth... To find a consciousness like her own, who would be the meaning of her world, as she would be of his... No, not Francisco d'Anconia, not Hank Rearden, not any man she had ever met or admired... A man who existed only in her knowledge of her capacity for an emotion she had never felt, but would have given her life to experience.
Courtney Milan, The Countess Conspiracy|I need little peace now,i cant handle the situations.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The artist and the politician stand at opposite poles. The artist enhances life by his prolonged concentration upon it, while the politician emphasizes the impersonal aspect of life by his attempts to fit men into groups.
Tanya Masse|You are that blue-white diamond, so treat yourself like a Tiffany.
Ernest Holmes|It's hard for women to talk about these things, and for the doctors to really talk about it too, and to even have the knowledge of what's going on. That's why I'm doing this and urging women to speak out and talk to their doctors frankly.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|What if you weren't the person I hoped you were?That, more than anything, would have hurt the most.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|But how?" my students ask. "How do you actually do it?" You sit down, I say. You try to sit down at approximately the same time every day. This is how you train your unconscious to kick in for you creatively. So you sit down at, say, nine every morning, or ten every night. You put a piece of paper in the typewriter, or you turn on the computer and bring up the right file, and then you stare at it for an hour or so. You begin rocking, just a little at first, and then like a huge autistic child. You look at the ceiling, and over at the clock, yawn, and stare at the paper again. Then, with your fingers poised on the keyboard, you squint at an image that is forming in your mind -- a scene, a locale, a character, whatever -- and you try to quiet your mind so you can hear what that landscape or character has to say above the other voices in your mind.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Boys are stupid, throw rocks at them.
Michael Horse|The 'Twilight' movies are great in their own right, but they certainly don't have any sense of humor to them.
A.E. Samaan, From a "Race of Masters" to a "Master Race": 1948 to 1848|You are here on purpose and for a purpose." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio
Carry A. Nation|You have put me in here a cub, but I will come out roaring like a lion, and I will make all hell howl!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Ask for the godly way,travel its path.
Israelmore Ayivor|LOVE is made up of a strong affection and patience whiles LUST is made up of a strong affection and impatience. Affection is common to them, but patience is not common.
Donald Pillai|Yes, we can be assured that if we don't change and turn our lives around to become like a little child again we will definitely not get a look at the fulness of our purpose, let alone get in.
Nick  Tran, The Cartesian Machine|But you know what? Peace is just an idea. There will never be peace on Earth, at least, not the kind of kumbaya-harmony people envision. There can be ceasefires and treaties, but we will never know true peace. That's the sad truth of the world.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|There is so much pain in the world, and most of these people keep theirs secret, rolling through agonizing lives in invisible wheelchairs, dressed in invisible bodycasts.
Debasish Mridha|As a rationalist, pragmatist, and a scientist I rarely involve myself in the cosmological arguments of the creation of the universe.
Ralph Leighton, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|Once I get on a puzzle, I can't get off. If my mother's friend had said, "Never mind, it's too much work," I'd have blown my top, because I want to beat this damn thing, as long as I've gone this far. I can't just leave it after I've found out so much about it. I have to keep going to find out ultimately what is the matter with it in the end.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing is hard…It gets harder when it becomes your career, your job, because it’s no longer a hobby, it’s no longer a manuscript hidden in your desk drawer. It becomes a platform from which the world can judge you. Your soul becomes target practice, and the critics hold the arrows.
Winston Graham, The Black Moon|I have little use for religion as it is practiced, or for astrology, or for belief in witchcraft or omens of good or ill-luck. I think they all stem from some insufficiency in men’s minds, perhaps from a lack of a willingness to feel themselves utterly alone. But now and then I feel that there is something beyond the material world, somethings we all feel intimations of but cannot explain. Underneath the religious vision there is the harsh fundamental reality of all our lives, because we know we must live and die as the animals we are. But sometimes I suspect that under that harsh reality there is a further vision, still deeper based, that comes nearer to true reality than the reality we know.
Algernon Charles Swinburne, Poems and Ballads|Sweet for a little even to fear, and sweet,	O love, to lay down fear at love’s fair feet;	Shall not some fiery memory of his breath	Lie sweet on lips that touch the lips of death?	Yet leave me not; yet, if thou wilt, be free;Love me no more, but love my love of thee.	Love where thou wilt, and live thy life; and I,	One thing I can, and one love cannot—die.	Pass from me; yet thine arms, thine eyes, thine hair,	Feed my desire and deaden my despair.Yet once more ere time change us, ere my cheek	Whiten, ere hope be dumb or sorrow speak,	Yet once more ere thou hate me, one full kiss;	Keep other hours for others, save me this.	Yea, and I will not (if it please thee) weep,Lest thou be sad; I will but sigh, and sleep.	Sweet, does death hurt? thou canst not do me wrong:	I shall not lack thee, as I loved thee, long.	Hast thou not given me above all that live	Joy, and a little sorrow shalt not give?What even though fairer fingers of strange girls	Pass nestling through thy beautiful boy’s curls	As mine did, or those curled lithe lips of thine	Meet theirs as these, all theirs come after mine;	And though I were not, though I be not, best,I have loved and love thee more than all the rest.	O love, O lover, loose or hold me fast,	I had thee first, whoever have thee last;	Fairer or not, what need I know, what care?	To thy fair bud my blossom once seemed fair.Why am I fair at all before thee, why	At all desired? seeing thou art fair, not I.	I shall be glad of thee, O fairest head,	Alive, alone, without thee, with thee, dead;	I shall remember while the light lives yet,And in the night-time I shall not forget.	Though (as thou wilt) thou leave me ere life leave,	I will not, for thy love I will not, grieve;	Not as they use who love not more than I,	Who love not as I love thee though I die;And though thy lips, once mine, be oftener prest	To many another brow and balmier breast,	And sweeter arms, or sweeter to thy mind,	Lull thee or lure, more fond thou wilt not find.
Nicole Krauss|If I had a camera,' I said, 'I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life.
Wilhelm Reich|The fact that political ideologies are tangible realities is not a proof of their vitally necessary character. The bubonic plague was an extraordinarily powerful social reality, but no one would have regarded it as vitally necessary. 
Kim Gordon|The area of teenage life is not necessarily rarefied; we've all gone through that period. It's not as rarefied as a western or a space adventure or a gangster film, but it has its own dynamic.
Darren Shan, The Thin Executioner|Look into My eyes and tell me "Do you hate me ? 
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|Purpose, meaning, and hope are the edge of a coin; on one side is imprinted the image of God; and on the other is self … As complicated as life seems at times, the mystery of fulfillment and the paradox of contentment are as simple as that. What makes life complicated, I suspect, isn’t the choice between these two value systems and the paths they define, sin and holiness, so much as it is our unwillingness to make the choice between the two.
Hilary Duff|Rush Limbaugh, we expect nonsense from him. But the Vatican, that's another story. When the Vatican is so threatened that it launches attacks on nuns, well, you know what they say in politics, a hit dog hollers.
Omar Epps|I love to unwind and watch movies, especially those from the classic black-and-white era.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To walk in the footsteps of the great, put on their shoes.
Amy Layne Litzelman|I think "HALLELUJAH" translates into "HALLELUJAH" in every language out there.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Idling of our elders is called business; the idling of boys, though quite like it, is punished by those same elders, and no one pities either the boys or the men.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Sure you can manage that broom, Potter?" said a cold, drawling voice.Draco Malfoy had arrived for a closer look, Crabbe and Goyle right behind him."Yeah, reckon so," said Harry casually."Got plenty of special features, hasn't it?" said Malfoy, eyes glittering maliciously. "Shame it doesn't come with a parachute - in case you get too near a Dementor."Crabbe and Goyle sniggered."Pity you can't attach an extra arm to yours, Malfoy," said Harry. "Then it could catch the Snitch for you.
H.P. Lovecraft|I am, indeed, an absolute materialist so far as actual belief goes; with not a shred of credence in any form of supernaturalism—religion, spiritualism, transcendentalism, metempsychosis, or immortality.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|Try being a white person who adopts the trappings of black culture while still living in the white community. You will face more hate and ridicule and ostracism than you can even begin to fathom. People are willing to accept you if they see you as an outsider trying to assimilate into their world. But when they see you as a fellow tribe member attempting to disavow the tribe, that is something they will never forgive. That is what happened to me in Eden Park.
Daniel J. Rice, The Unpeopled Season: Journal from a North Country Wilderness|I like pros, especially when it comes to tennis and rent boys” — and here I’m really wondering if the pun on prose consolidates Bruce’s feeling toward it versus poetry under the sign of sex, which Bruce sometimes pays for, in order to direct us toward the pleasure of its use-function when monetised, a pleasure seldom associated with poetry, and one that might lead to the company of more pros. He continues: “If I can get a twofer, and the trick looks like Rafael Nadal, I’m in heaven.
Mac MacKenzie|To forgive a friend, one must practice generosity. To forgive an enemy, one must practice empathy. To forgive yourself requires charity. Forgiveness is a sacred act of gallantry.
Hotta Kiichi 堀田 きいち|Well, it's not like I ignore them on purpose. It's just that no one's voice resounds in my heart.—Asaba Yuuki, (Kimi to Boku, #1)
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|He began to see the truth, that Ged had neither lost nor won but, naming the shadow of his death with his own name, had made himself whole: a man: who, knowing his whole true self, cannot be used or possessed by any power other than himself, and whose life therefore is lived for life's sake and never in the service of ruin, or pain, or hatred, or the dark. In the Creation of Ea, which is the oldest song, it is said, 'Only in silence the word, only in dark the light, only in dying life: bright the hawk's flight on the empty sky.
Tessa Dare, Do You Want to Start a Scandal|It was awful, this love.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|As I travel around the country, I'm finding a common denominator - people are hurting and going through regardless of race and creed. The common denominators are people HURTING people. The cure also has a common denominator - people start HELPING people.
Katherine McIntyre, Soul Solution|Ice upon ice, and yet, inside, she melted and mourned all the same.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When comfort and ease and pleasure are put ahead of duty and conviction, progress is always set back.
Lucy Grealy|I used to think that once you really knew a thing, its truth would shine on forever. Now it's pretty obvious to me that more often than not the batteries fade, and sometimes what you knew even goes out with a bang when you try and call on it, just like a light bulb cracking off when you throw the switch.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Divinity dwells in thee. To activate the power, you must connect with the spirit daily.
Mikhail Shishkin, Calligraphy Lesson: The Collected Stories|Everyone's afraid, but I'm not. Because I loved your father my whole life. I still do.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age; but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion.
Pam Farrel, Woman of Influence: Ten Traits of Those Who Want to Make a Difference|We do not have to go in search of passion. Instead we need to search for God, who plants the seed of passion in our hearts.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|Are you scared of me now?” She wanted the truth.“More than ever.” He had lowered his guard, putting himself at her mercy, because running away had only served to make him understand that he could never run away from who he was.
Gift Gugu Mona|In any circumstance, call on God.
William James|Most people, probably, are in doubt about certain matters ascribed to their past. They may have seen them, may have said them, done them, or they may only have dreamed or imagined they did so.
Herman Melville|The task of a university is the creation of the future, so far as rational thought and civilized modes of appreciation can affect the issue.
K. Ford K.|Polly ended her lesson with the words she lived by: man is tender by nature, the rest is invented. Everyone applauded, even Bernice who was relieved that it was finally over.
H. G. Bissinger|The government needs to help those in need, but members of Congress shouldn't take advantage of the situation and use a national tragedy as an opportunity to spend taxpayer dollars on their pet projects.
David Nicholls, One Day|Sometimes, when it’s going badly, she wonders if what she believes to be a love of the written word is really just a fetish for stationery. The true writer, the born writer, will scribble words on scraps of litter, the back of a bus tickets, on the wall of a cell. Emma is lost on anything less than 120gsm.
William Law|The greatest work you will ever do is charity; the most divine work you will ever do will be changing people’s perception of God, while you’re doing charity.
Fay Weldon|For who ever lived totally as they wanted to; who ever, if they have time to think about it, dies wholly satisfied? And those who remain know it.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Every man has a right to his own opinion, but no man has a right to be wrong in his facts
Mark R. Levin|Conservatism is the antidote to tyranny. It's the only one. It's based on thousands of years of human experience. There is nothing narrow about the conservative philosophy. It's a liberating philosophy. It is a magnificent philosophy. It is a philosophy for the ages, for all times.
Stephen Gardiner|For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.
Max McKeown, The Truth About Innovation|In history, and in evolution, progress is always a futile, Sisyphean struggle to stay in the same relative place by getting ever better at things. Cars move through the congested streets of London no faster than horse-drawn carriages did a century ago. Computers have no effect on productivity because people learn to complicate and repeat tasks that have been made easier.
Steven Burd|I'm in awful shape. I'm trying to get in better shape. My girlfriend, she's in good shape. She gives me health tips sometimes, like, 'Hannibal, you're going to die.' Stuff like that.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|I never heard that it had been anybody’s business to find out what his natural bent was, or where his failings lay, or to adapt any kind of knowledge to him. He had been adapted to the verses and had learnt the art of making them to such perfection. I did doubt whether Richard would not have profited by some one studying him a little, instead of his studying them quite so much.
Dan Alatorre|The best lie is the one that has an element of truth, so it’s good to include something real in your fiction.
Cambria Hebert, #Nerd|We're at war.On the verge of an apocalypse filled with monsters and torture in a nightmare world.And I'm standing here, a moonstruck teenager pining for an enemy soldier. What am I, crazy?This time, I'm the first to turn away.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|...Jesus responds to almost every question he's asked with...a question."What do you think? How do you read it?" he asks, again and again and again.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|With fear, you crawl on the ground; without fear, you fly in the skies!
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|Perhaps it is only when we realize and celebrate the intrinsic value of every human life that celebrity - true celebrity - shines most brightly. On our deathbeds, none of us will speak of the jobs we’ve held or the stuff we’ve acquired in our lifetimes; here bull markets and Nielsen ratings are irrelevant. A life-threatening illness jettisons pretension in no time flat. Death is the great equalizer. Death dares us to define what really matters.
Maisie A Smikle|It's impossible to exceed, outnumber, outperform or isolate an infinite, all-knowing, omniscient God.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Girl lithe and tawny, the sun that formsthe fruits, that plumps the grains, that curls seaweedsfilled your body with joy, and your luminous eyesand your mouth that has the smile of the water.A black yearning sun is braided into the strandsof your black mane, when you stretch your arms.You play with the sun as with a little brookand it leaves two dark pools in your eyes.
Belinda Jones, The Love Academy|Just because you felt like a failure in the past, doesn't mean you can't get back up again and make something better of your future.
Pope Francis|In the Church, and in the journey of faith, women have had and still have a special role in opening doors to the Lord.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|A society is an organic system that develops spontaneously, governed by myriad interactions and adjustments that no human mind can pretend to understand. Just because we cannot capture its workings in verbal propositions does not mean it should be scrapped and reinvented according to the fashionable theories of the day. Such ham-fisted tinkering will only lead to unintended consequences, culminating in violent chaos.
Melody  Lee|Don’t be afraid of your struggles, they are making you dangerously strong and wise. They are preparing you for your superpowers. Let them happen, otherwise you’ll stay in the same damn place you’ve always been, and until you know there is so much more awesomeness in the world and within you, you’ll be content in your tiny cocoon, spinning the same circles day in and day out. Your struggles are transforming you.
Gore Vidal, The City and the Pillar|The more I think about myself, the more I'm persuaded that, as a person, I really don't exist. That is one of the reasons why I can't believe in any orthodox religion: I cannot believe in my own soul. No, I am a chemical compound, conditioned by environment and education. My "character" is simply a repertoire of acquired tricks, my conversation a repertoire of adaptations and echoes, my "feelings" are dictated by purely physical, external stimuli.
Paul Hoffman, The Left Hand of God|... If the dead can come back to this earth and move unseen around those they loved, I shall always be near you; in the garish day and in the darkest night—amidst your happiest scenes and gloomiest hours—always, always; and if there be a soft breeze upon your cheek, it shall be my breath; or if the cool air fans your throbbing temple, it shall be my spirit passing by.
Joanna Trollope, The Rector's Wife|She marched to the door and said, "if I ever marry, Patrick O'Sullivan, I shall make sure that my mate for life is a decent woman, or even, maybe, a book.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|When wealth goes only happiness goes, when health goes even the hope goes.
Cynthia Voigt, Come a Stranger|The most important thing to remember, the guiding principle, is to try to keep your son's self esteem intact while he is in school. That is the real risk to his success and to his mental health. Once he's out of school, the world will be different. He'll find a niche where the fact that he can't spell well or didn't read until he was eight, won't matter. But if he starts to hate himself because he isn't good at schoolwork, he'll fall into a hole that he'll be digging himself out of for the rest of his life.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|The free market is not a system. It is not a policy dictated by anyone in particular. It is not something that Washington implements. It does not exist in any legislation, law, bill, regulation, or book. It is what you get when people act on their own, entirely without central direction, and with their own property, and within human associations of their own creation and in their own interest. It is the beauty that emerges in absence of control.
Carla Cassidy, Scene of the Crime: Deadman's Bluff|He eyed me curiously, his eyes fluttering over my breasts, and I swallowed, knowing he was thinking things he shouldn't. His tongue snuck between his lips and lightly darted to moisten them. I heard what sounded like a moan before he moved his left hand from under the table. He tried to rest his palm on my resting hand but I inched away. I looked at his hand, and noticed the shading of where his wedding ring used to go... My mind caught up - used to? Where was it?
Clara Schumann|The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care.
John Cleese|If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play
Karen Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|The more we are able to engage in enthusiastic disagreement with each other, the more we will be able to uncover the best in ourselves and each other.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and the myriad of other services resonate with the basic human urge to be social. The tools have changed, but human behaviour remains consistent.
Anna Asche|Coming out of the TunnelI am bursting with a new found feeling of my own existence.Strong and powerful frequencies.My mind is wandering to wide open fields and long-forgotten lands with limitless possibilities. I am not quite there yet.Holding still in anticipation,I don’t want to miss hearing my inner voice – soft and deep.With me are friendly skies on rainy days and my life is getting warmer.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|Especially appealing to the planter elite was the conservatism of the American Revolution. Indeed, according to their reading, it had been so conservative that it hardly deserved the title of revolution at all. The goal had been simple political independence, and the issue of home rule had not expanded to include the dangerous question of who should rule at home. The men who made the revolution had maintained control in victory.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you walk and talk with God, you will never miss the direction to your divine future. Be bold and offer your heart to be led by God.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|Where there is prayer, the fallen spirits have no power.
Kevin Dalton|The crickets still sing in October. And lilly, she's trying to bloom. Tho she's resting her head on the shoulder of death, she still shines by the light of the moon.
Airicka Phoenix, Games of Fire|A soft mist blew around them. Raindrops glistened in his hair, shimmering under the pale glow of the light post. His eyes were shadowed beneath wispy fringes, but the silver in them glinted like pools of liquid mercury. Her breath caught. It must have made a sound because his fingers tightened. His shaky exhale whispered across her face.“This,” he whispered so quietly she almost didn’t hear him. “Is why you are so bad for me.
Sara Daniell, Visions|...These guys totally agree that you're smokin' hot but think you're too young-""That means 'flat-chested'. Excuse me. I have to go somewhere and die of embarrassment
Samanthe Beck, Private Practice|I shouldn't brag, but I'm one of the top experts in my field."She swallowed. "Of shark sex, you mean.""Well, that, too. Anything you want to know on the subject, Sharona... anything" --he pulled back a sexy half grin --- "I'd be happy to enlighten you.
Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies|There's a problem with continually stamping down on the least sensible instincts that drive men to recklessly endanger themselves. Even the most reasonable and level-headed of us have only limited space to store such unwanted emotion. You keep putting the stuff away, shoving it to the back of your mind but like an over-full cupboard there comes a point where you try to cram one more thing into it and all of a sudden something snaps, the catch gives, the door bursts open and everything inside spills out on top of you.
Leonard Ravenhill|A man may study because his brain is hungry for knowledge, even Bible knowledge. But he prays because his soul is hungry for God.
John Updike, Rabbit Is Rich|The higher Christian churches...come at God with an unwarranted air of professionalism, with authority and pomp, as though they knew what they were doing, as though people in themselves were an appropriate set of creatures to have dealings with God. I often think of the set pieces of liturgy as certain words which people have successfully addressed to God without their getting killed. In the high churches they saunter through the liturgy like Mohawks along a strand of scaffolding who have long since forgotten the danger. If God were to blast such a congregation to bits, the congregation would be, I believe, genuinely shocked. But in the low churches you expect it any minute.
Denise Flaim, Rescue Ink: How Ten Guys Saved Countless Dogs and Cats, Twelve Horses, Five Pigs, One Duck,and a Few Turtles|We know, at least, that this decision (ending factory farming) will help prevent deforestation, curb global warming, reduce pollution, save oil reserves, lessen the burden on rural America, decrease human rights abuses, improve publish health, and help eliminate the most systematic animal abuse in history.
Lori Lansens, The Girls|If heaven is tolerant and writers are allowed (bunch of liars though they are), I wonder if they gather for coffee to ponder the prose they should have written instead.
Anthony M. Esolen|They do not discover anything new after that, they only learn how to understand better and better the secret entrusted to them at the outset; their creative effort goes into an unending exegesis, a commentary on that one couplet of poetry assigned to them.
Pablo Neruda, If You Forget Me|I want you to knowone thing. You know how this is: if I look at the crystal moon, at the red branch of the slow autumn at my window, if I touch near the fire the impalpable ash or the wrinkled body of the log, everything carries me to you, as if everything that exists, aromas, light, metals, were little boats that sail toward those isles of yours that wait for me. Well, now, if little by little you stop loving me I shall stop loving you little by little. If suddenly you forget me do not look for me, for I shall already have forgotten you. If you think it long and mad, the wind of banners that passes through my life, and you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where I have roots, remember that on that day, at that hour, I shall lift my arms and my roots will set off to seek another land. But if each day, each hour, you feel that you are destined for me with implacable sweetness, if each day a flower climbs up to your lips to seek me, ah my love, ah my own, in me all that fire is repeated, in me nothing is extinguished or forgotten, my love feeds on your love, beloved, and as long as you live it will be in your arms without leaving mine.
Anirudh Arun, The Steadfast Tin Soldier?|Our ideas are like boomerangs,when you throw them they are destined to come back.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|Oh little Poupchette, some may tell you that you are nobody's child, a child of defilement, a child begotten in fear and horror. Some may tell you that you are a child of abomination conceived in abomination, a tainted child, a child polluted long before you were born. Do not pay attention to them, my little sweetheart, please do not listen to them; listen to me. I say you are my child and I love you. I sometimes say that out of horror, beauty and purity and grace are born. I say I am your father for ever. I say the loveliest rose can bloom in contaminated soil. I say you are the dawn, the light of all my tomorrows, and the only thing that matters is the promise you represent. I say you are my luck and my forgiveness. My darling Poupchette, I say you are my whole life.
Lars Helgeson|CRM doesn't have to be hard, if you plan for how all the pieces will work together BEFORE you start your implementation.
Cameron Semmens, ICE SKATING IN THE TAJ MAHAL - a totally non-depressing look at poverty|Life cannot impose on you that which you aren't willing to accept. Don't let your emotions/feelings push you towards accepting less than you truly deserve. Believe in yourself, be confident and stay focused. The best lies before and within you...it is all a matter of your choice. Choose wisely!
can't remember|A lot of the time, we’re simply having too much fun to even notice how tired and busy we are.I could be wrong, but sometimes it seems to me that there’s too much talk about how difficult being a parent is, and too little talk about the sheer, unbelievable, indescribable, truly mystical adventurous fun of the whole thing. To the point that we risk becoming conditioned to expect parenting to be merely difficult, and to interpret those inevitable times where it is difficult, and we're not having any fun, as being just how it is.But it isn’t. Or, at least, it won't be, if we don't let it.
Malcolm X|[T]hat mutual jealousy, that intolerantly keen edge of criticism, that irrational hunger for a beautiful perfection, that life and wisdom do presently and most mercifully dull.
Erika Hall, Just Enough Research|The real difference between Francis and Dominic, which is no discredit to either of them, is that Dominic did happen to be confronted with a huge campaign for the conversion of heretics, while Francis had only the more subtle task of the conversion of human beings.
Rob Lowe|I grew up in a makeup chair. And to see the women around me getting ready was so aspirational. It's about mothers and daughters, a girl watching her mom at a vanity table.
Brie Larson|There were times my mom and I butted heads - over my curfew, over something like that. Whenever we would hit these moments of emotional backfire, she would say, 'You just don't understand what it's like to be a mother... I could never handle losing you.' I was like, 'OK, but just, like, chill out.'
Donal O'Callaghan|There was some kind of scuffle two hundred yards down the street, again strangely noiseless, and a huddled knot of men opened up to reveal two brawlers being separated and pulled away from their fight. What I saw next gave me a fright: in the farther distance, beyond the listless crowd, the body of a lynched man dangling from a tree. The body was slender, dressed from head to toe in black, reflecting no light. It soon resolved itself, however, into a less ominous thing: dark canvas sheeting on a construction scaffold, twirling in the wind.
Sarah Perry, The Essex Serpent|The fear of the crowd then came to Will, with the taste of a copper penny placed on his tongue; and it was not the fear that they were under divine judgement, but that they were not, and could never be.
Bill Bright, The Journey Home: Finishing with Joy|Set goals so big that unless God helps you, you will be a miserable failure.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer|Tom's whole being applauded this idea. It was deep, and dark, and awful; the hour, the circumstances, the surroundings, were in keeping with it.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|At core, men are afraid women will laugh at them, while at core, women are afraid men will kill them.
Pittacus Lore, The Fall of Five|He checked her over while mentally checking himself. “Environment suits sealed up. Breather masks in hand. Daemons. Blades. Transmitters. Healthy respect for the adversary—you’ve got that, right?”One corner of her mouth curled up. “Absolutely.
Elizabeth Cunningham, The Passion of Mary Magdalen|In the end I just let the dreams come and go, let whatever bliss or pain they brought roll through me....Time wears away hope like water wears away rock. As for faith, I remained in a standoff with Isis. But love, as Paul of Tarsus would say, is greater than hope and faith. It can survive without either. Love was all I had, and it would not go away. It would not die even though sometimes I wished it would.
Vanessa Veselka, Zazen|Terror is not a new weapon. Throughout history it has been used by those who could not prevail, either by persuasion or example. But inevitably they fail, either because men are not afraid to die for a life worth living, or because the terrorists themselves came to realize that free men cannot be frightened by threats, and that aggression would meet its own response. And it is in the light of that history that every nation today should know, be he friend or foe, that the United States has both the will and the weapons to join free men in standing up to their responsibilities.
Baisao, The Old Tea Seller: Life and Zen Poetry in 18th Century Kyoto|I am often impressed with those that admit their ignorance, for it is the first step towards breaking out of the prison called freedom.
Ernest Hemingway|Fables should be taught as fables, myths as myths, and miracles as poetic fantasies. To teach superstitions as truths is a most terrible thing. The child mind accepts and believes them, and only through great pain and perhaps tragedy can he be in after years relieved of them.
Niall Ferguson|It's all very well for us to sit here in the west with our high incomes and cushy lives, and say it's immoral to violate the sovereignty of another state. But if the effect of that is to bring people in that country economic and political freedom, to raise their standard of living, to increase their life expectancy, then don't rule it out.
Marco Raye, The King|What Joab did not and could not know was that it was ego, and the ego of a king is just like the ego of anyone else. It is a social infection, entering each person as a psychological virus that is passed on by their parents’ egos and other social stimuli. It is born of negativity—of not being good enough thoughts of not having enough, of fear, and worry of failure. Because of its insecure nature, the ego loves to dominate and control others. It’s control or be controlled.
Andrew Ross Sorkin|I'm very caring with animals. I think patience is a big deal, because animals are always jumping around. I love to take care of people, so I think I'd be a good vet. I always wanted to be a vet when I was little.
Jessica Madden, Silent Love|He'd been ten years old when he'd last begged someone for something, and he'd promised himself he'd never do it again, but this was too important.
Martin Luther|The Christian shoemaker does his duty not by putting little crosses on the shoes, but by making good shoes, because God is interested in good craftsmanship.
Patch Adams|Remember laughing? Laughter enhances the blood flow to the body’s extremities and improves cardiovascular function. Laughter releases endorphins and other natural mood elevating and pain-killing chemicals, improves the transfer of oxygen and nutrients to internal organs. Laughter boosts the immune system and helps the body fight off disease, cancer cells as well as viral, bacterial and other infections. Being happy is the best cure of all diseases!
Geoffrey Brokos, The Empty Crypts Vol: I|Zaphod did not want to tangle with them and, deciding that just as discretion is the better part of valor, so was cowardice is the better part of discretion, he valiantly hid himself in a closet.
John Dufresne, Love Warps the Mind a Little|It wasn't that I wanted to know her now. I wanted to have already known her. I wanted her fears and her desires to have shaped my life. I know this is not love, of course. What it is is a queer feeling of nostalgia for an impossible future, for what can never be. That's fantasy. Love is different.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Fire cannot hurt us. And yet, when we light her a lantern, there is a moment as we watch the wick flare in the darkness-a moment in which I want to touch the flame. Just to see if I can still be burned.
Ernest Hemingway|Dear Chicago, when I wake up in the morning and see your skyline - the terra cotta of the Wrigley Building, the height of the Willis Tower, the shiny sides of my beloved Trump Tower - I know I'm home. I feel a certain energy walking between your spires, but recognize that what makes you special to me is that my roots are here.
Alexander McCall Smith, At the Reunion Buffet|So when I watch trains, it makes me think about how much movement there is in the world. How every train has dozens of cars and every car has hundreds of parts, and all those parts and cars work day after day. And then there are all these other motions. People are born and die. Seasons change. Rivers flow to the sea. Earth circles the sun and the moon circles Earth. Everything whirring and spinning toward something. And I get to be part of it for a little while, the way I get to watch a train for a minute or two, and then it's gone.
Grace Slick|For whatever reason, the films I gravitate towards do have these strange sort of tonal balances to them... I kind of realized on '50/ 50' why I liked these blending of tones, because I think it's kind of what life is like: funny one minute, sad the next, scary the next.
Barbara De Angelis|Masterpieces are not single and solitary births; they are the outcome of many years of thinking in common, of thinking by the body of the people, so that the experience of the mass is behind the single voice.
Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times|Throughout my life, until this very moment, whatever virtue I have accomplished, including any benefit that may come from this book, I dedicate to the welfare of all beings.May the roots of suffering diminish. May warfare, violence, neglect, indifference, and addiction also decrease.May the wisdom and compassion of all beings increase, now and in the future.May we clearly see all the barriers we erect between ourselves and others to be as insubstantial as our dreams.May we appreciate the great perfection of all phenomena.May we continue to open our hearts and minds, in order to work ceaselessly for the benefit of all beings.May we go to the places that scare us.May we lead the life of a warrior.
Spiro T. Agnew|The problem is that for women, the average time is just over 14 minutes... men are left with about 12 minutes during which time they need to think of something to do!
Teresa Santoski, Prayers for Oppa: From K-Pop to J-Pop, a Devotional for Performers & Their Fans|When we feel too drained to move forward, God is right there with us, ready to tenderly revive and restore us.
Elizabeth Fox Brewer, The Hunger for Home: The Map of My Journey, with Space for Yours|To the degree that God gives us the grace to see Him, our lives and our ministries will become fruitful and effective.
Lizzy Blue|I like feeling like I'm something , That I'm some ones. i never had this be fore . its really pretty all light and pink and green like a spring day but with a few grey clouds that come and go and help the flowers grow . This feeling it's love.
Ellen J. Barrier|There is a better future, with a greater purpose. One can find it, only if he or she searches for it.
Jayde Scott, A Job From Hell|We're close. I can smell their faint scent," Blake whispered.Kieran snorted. "That makes one of us. All I smell is dog shit.
Macaulay|The Ancient Mariner said to Neptune during a great storm  "O God  you will save me if you wish  but I am going to go on holding my tiller straight."
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Ignorance, fear, hate: these are our enemies. Deny them with all your might. -Oromis
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Major Chhetri's pronouncement when we'd first arrived in Nepal came echoing back: "Things that start in the rain end well.
Swapna Rajput|If you want to know where your heart is, look to where your mind goes when it wanders - #insearchofasoulmate
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|Requiring accountability while also extending your compassion is not the easiest course of action, but it is the most humane, and, ultimately, the safest for the community.
Wayne Stiles, Going Places With God: A Devotional Journey Through the Lands of the Bible|God seldom gives us all we need in order to understand, but He always gives us all we need to obey.
Chris Burkmenn|Life is full of chances, and today I hope you take each and every one of them.
Vincent Bugliosi, Helter Skelter: The True Story of the Manson Murders|There are two Newman's laws. The first one is "It is useless to put on your brakes when you're upside down." The second is "Just when things look darkest, they go black.
sexandchatonline.com|Whether the woman shares the man's passion or not, whether she is willing or unwilling to satisfy it, she always repulses him and defends herself, though not always with the same vigour, and therefore not always with the same success.
William Butler Yeats|If there is one eternal truth of politics, it is that there are always a dozen good reasons for doing nothing.
D.R. Graham, One Percenter|I don’t think you’re crazy at all. I don’t want you to think that either. I can’t say that I understand what’s going through your head, but I can say that I’ll be here for you no matter what. If I haven’t made it clear, I love you more than anything.
Debasish Mridha|When you love others unconditionally and care for others endlessly, you create a blissful life.
Theric Jepson, Byuck|A Buddhist story is that a man came shouting angrily at Buddha, who remained unaffected by him. When questioned by others as to how he remained calm and unaffected, Buddha answered with a question. “If someone gives you a gift and you choose not to receive it, to whom then does the gift belong?” Of course it stays with the giver.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|There seem to be only two kinds of people: Those who think that metaphors are facts, and those who know that they are not facts. Those who know they are not facts are what we call "atheists," and those who think they are facts are "religious." Which group really gets the message?
Fuzzy Zoeller|Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Learn to bring peace into life to still the chaos. Accentuate the joy of your heart, experiencing a life of bliss.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|You cannot outwit fate by placing little sidebets on the outcome of life. It's either you wade in and play in order to win or you don't play at all." - Matthew Farrell
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|They sat and he drew her into him. Their lips met, sparking an internal firework display. His soft exquisite lips pressed gently against hers. His kiss held the exact right balance between tenderness and a kind of passionate urgency.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Travels with a Donkey in the Cevennes|I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
Black Kettle|Conjugal love, or the friendship of spouses, can persist even after sexual desires have weakened, withered, and disappeared.
N.I.|Maybe we can help. Where are you from? I've never seen you around here before. And, how did you get that cut? Where are you staying?” He shook his head and giggled. “Are you the police? You ask a lot of questions Phoenix.” “No. I just ... never mind.” I wanted to know more about him. The way those sparkly green eyes gazed at me. The way his dimples sunk deep into his cheeks, as he smiled and said my name with his deep voice.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|And here comes in the question whether it is better to be loved rather than feared, or feared rather than loved. It might perhaps be answered that we should wish to be both; but since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved.
Peter Coyote, The Rainman's Third Cure: An Irregular Education|There are no greater or lesser arts, only greater or lesser artists.
Frank Herbert, Heretics of Dune|In a world of change, the learners shall inherit the earth, while the learned shall find themselves perfectly suited for a world that no longer exists.
Augustine of Hippo|There are many going afar to marvel at the heights of mountains, the mighty waves of the sea, the long courses of great rivers, the vastness of the ocean, the movements of the stars, yet they leave themselves unnoticed!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible clearly teaches that when we turn our backs on God and choose to disregard His moral laws there are inevitable consequences. Furthermore it is not God who is to blame for the consequences, but the person who has broken His law.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|But she didn’t want to rest! – Her blood ran through her more slowly, its pace domesticated, like a beast that had trained its steps to fit in its cage.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|With memories of gravestones, of combing fingers through tangled hair, I wonder too ... If the rent in the canvas of our life backdrop, the losses that puncture our world, and our own emptiness, might actually become places to see.To see through to God.That which tears open our souls, those holes which splatter sight, they actually become the thin, open places to see through the mess of this place to the heart aching beauty beyond. To him. To the god whom we endlessly crave.But how? How do we choose to allow the holes to become seeing through to collect places? How do I give up resentment for gratitude, anger for spilling joy, so focus for God communion. To fully live to fully live grace enjoy with all that is beauty internal it is possible
Amy Garvey, Cold Kiss|Great beauty, great strength, and great riches are really and truly of no great use; a right heart exceeds all
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Money is a by-product of time. Money is the time that is well converted. Therefore, time is the raw material from which money is made.
Compton Gage|They that be born in the strength of youth are of one fashion, and they that are born in the time of age, when the womb fail, are otherwise.
Dale Carnegie|If you're wrong, admit it!
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|It was sometimes said that the grey-and-black mountain range which ran like a spine north to south down that part of Faerie had once been a giant, who grew so huge and so heavy that, one day, worn out from the sheer effort of moving and living, he had stretched out on the plain and fallen into a sleep so profound that centuries passed between heartbeats.
E'yen A. Gardner, Have It Your Way: A Practical Guide to Living Life on Your Terms|There are plenty of good reasons for fighting, but no good reason ever to hate without reservation, to imagine that God Almighty Himself hates with you, too.
C. JoyBell C.|If I were a pattern, I would be the pattern of paint that a bird would make if you dipped a bird’s wings in watercolour and then set the bird loose inside a paper lantern. I’m pretty sure that’s it!
Kresley Cole|The bottom line is, insults only hurt when they come from someone I respect.
James Caskey, St. Augustine Ghosts: Hauntings in the Ancient City|St. Augustine is not only the oldest continuously-occupied European settlement on the American continent, it is also perhaps the most haunted city in the United States. Seemingly every spot in this city has some ghostly hidden history, right below the surface. Just by strolling through the historic streets you can hear the whispers of the long-dead.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|My mother looks at me with love and understanding, and I realize: she knows what my father did. She knows what I want. She knows and even though she would not destroy a tissue sample or love someone who is not her Match, she still loves us, even though we have done those things.
Hugh Hefner|In every marriage more than a week old, there are grounds for divorce. The trick is to find, and continue to find, grounds for marriage.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|I think when men hear that women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anywhere. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life.
David  Cain, You Are Here|Our work and educational institutions reinforce this preference for later over now throughout our lives. In school we focus on the ends — passing the semester, making the grade, or otherwise getting it all behind us — rather than the present-moment experience of actually learning. As employees, we want the work to be over as soon as it begins. Work culture is driven by quotas, billable hours, budgets, and Gantt charts — bottom lines of any sort. The value is always somewhere ahead of you, rather than here right now, in the room with you. We’re perpetually looking ahead to a payday or a weekend or some other kind of finish line. Virtually every day of our lives, we’re trained to lean towards something we don’t have, which essentially trains us to be dissatisfied with where we already are.
Ryan Mecum, Vampire Haiku|When we turn,is there something shoved inside of us or is it more that something inside of us has been released?
Janet Fitch|When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred.
Erich Maria Remarque, Three Comrades|The music enchanted the air. It was like the south wind, like a warm night, like swelling sails beneath the stars, completely and utterly unreal... It made everything spacious and colourful, the dark stream of life seemed pulsing in it; there were no burdens any more, no limits; there existed only glory and melody and love, so that one simply could not realize that, at the same time as this music was, outside there ruled poverty and torment and despair.
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|It is cognition that is the fantasy.... Everything I tell you now is mere words. Arrange them and rearrange them as I might, I will never be able to explain to you the form of Will... My explanation would only show the correlation between myself and that Will by means of a correlation on the verbal level. The negation of cognition thus correlates to the negation of language. For when those two pillars of Western humanism, individual cognition and evolutionary continuity, lose their meaning, language loses meaning. Existence ceases for the individuum as we know it, and all becomes chaos. You cease to be a unique entity unto yourself, but exist simply as chaos. And not just the chaos that is you; your chaos is also my chaos. To wit, existence is communication, and communication, existence.
Heather Choate Davis, Elijah & the SAT: Reflections on a hairy old desert prophet and the benchmarking of our children's lives|We fluff them and fold them and nudge them and enhance them and bind them and break them and embellish them beyond measure; then, as we drive them up to the college interviews that they’ve heard since birth are the gateway to the lives they were destined to lead based on nothing more than our own need for it to be true, we tell them, with a smile so tight it would crack nuts, 'Just be yourself.
Jeanette LeBlanc|Deal resistance a death blow and make sweet love to your art all night long. Put on your fishnet thigh highs and your patent leather stilettos and your special occasion lingerie. Seduce the hell out of your own creative soul. It’s time for an epic lap dance. Dance for your paint and canvas, for fingers tripping across keyboard, for the open arms of motherhood, for the layers of flavor in the meals you create. Wind your hips down for the click of the shutter, for the 3 a.m. bathroom poem, for the late night lesson planning
Matt Abrams, She's Toxic|Politicians are people who learn not to blink, when they lie.
Dez Del Rio, The Lipstick Killerz|When you stop chasing your dreams, your dreams start chasing you.
Abhijit Naskar|I want to say this to every stepmother: take it a little easier, try not to be so insistent, try not to have your desires dominate—and not just with the stepchildren, but with your husband, your family, your friends. The moment you step back from whatever it is that exasperates you, you get an unrestricted view of the situation—and you can take a breath before you move forward.
Brooklyn Hudson, WISHBONE...Be Careful What You Wish For|Shut up, Ray.
Ali Rezavand Zayeri|I have a decision to go, but I am not sure to choose which other prison on the earth.
Sharon Shinn, Summers at Castle Auburn|Remember, a person's character is not only judged by the company he or she keeps but also by the company he or she avoids.
Waylon Jennings|The directors I respect are the ones who have a collaborative attitude, who collaborate with actors.
Katerina Whitley|Original sin is a very commercial idea,” said Duyckinck. “How do you think the Bible stays in print year after year?
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Some religions draw by force of arms; He would draw by force of love. The attraction would not be His words, but Himself. It was His Person around which His teaching centered; not His teaching around which He would be remembered. 'Greater love than this no man hath' - that was the secret of His magnetism.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I'm the most terrific liar you ever saw in your life. It's awful. If I'm on my way to the store to buy a magazine, even, and somebody asks me where I'm going, I'm liable to say I'm going to the opera. It's terrible.
Jean Rousset|Art’s only concern with the real is to abolish it, and to substitute for it a new reality
Yo-Yo Ma|That is not to say that we can relax our readiness to defend ourselves. Our armament must be adequate to the needs, but our faith is not primarily in these machines of defense but in ourselves.
Philip Webb, Where the Rock Splits the Sky|Great," mumbles Kelly. "Bat stew cooked on a bat shit fire by an old bat.
Amber McRee Turner, Sway|I’d never heard of a rain check before, but hoped it was something storm rescuers bought bags of souvenirs for their kids with.
Julianna Keyes, Just Once|Suddenly, he had to ask himself, was love at first sight actually possible
Susan Spencer-Wendel|And then she reminded me: "It's the journey, not the destination, true?""True." I said " A bit hackneyed, but true indeed."She sighed. I smiled.
Aislinn Kerry, Blood and Roses|You're sadly fucked up. And really homo, too."Jared scowled. "Bisexual, fuck you very much, and unless I yank your dong it's none of your business anyway.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Laughing Corpse|Death, especially violent death, will turn the meanest bastard in the world into a nice guy. Why is that?
Deyth Banger|You're not a Horse!" the woman 
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|Great men are not born great, they grow great . . .
Manly P. Hall, The Secret Teachings of All Ages|I asked Elsie how much food they needed from outside the community. 'Flour and sugar,' she said, and then thought a bit. 'Sometimes we'll buy pretzels as a spl
Amy Layne Litzelman, This Beloved Road: A Journey of Revelation and Worship|Your heart of devotion and obedience is not in vain. Who knows but God how many people have come near to you and were forever changed simply by the fragrance of his love in you? Who knows but God if he will put you before kings and leaders to speak the truth, redirecting the future of nations? Who knows when that small crack in the dam of our enemy’s plans will give way and God’s glory will truly cover the earth as the sea? Do not become distracted or discouraged by the death around you. Death must always give way when the life of Christ enters the picture.
Benjamin Franklin|My mom said once that education was a privilege not afforded to everyone, but she was wrong--it wasn't a privilege. It was our right. We had the right to a future.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not the absence of violence or war; it is the presence of kindness, compassion, love, and care.
Charles R. Swindoll|Israel's first king, Saul, looked like he was born for the role. He was tall, handsome, intelligent, and sensitive to God's leading. But he eventually lost most of his attractive qualities, the most important being obedience.
Paul W. Silver, The Dangerous Dream|Instead of making prisoners out of our students, we ought to make students out of our prisoners.
Alden Bell, Exit Kingdom|I can never look at these apparent contradictions between the great laws of nature without a feeling of physical uneasiness which amounts to suffering. Were mankind reduced to the necessity of choosing between two parties, one of whom injures his interest, and the other his conscience, we should have nothing to hope from the future. Happily, this is not the case; and to see Aristus regain his economical superiority, as well as his moral superiority, it is sufficient to understand this consoling maxim, which is no less true from having a paradoxical appearance, “To save is to spend.
Sue Wicks|We tried to set up a company that patterned ourselves after Southwest in all the fun, the spirit, the great people, the smile, the efficiency side of it, but we've added some extras that people aren't used to finding on Southwest.
Sarah Kay|You can only fit so many words in a postcard, only so many in a phone call, only so many into space before you forget that words are sometimes used for things other than filling emptiness.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|In order to understand the conditions we are in, we must place ourselves not in the mainstream of life but in the timeless stream of myth. As the fabric of life loosens, the veil between this world of hard facts and the otherworld of great imagination also becomes thinner and more permeable. Just as time seems to be running out, timeless things try to slip back into human awareness.
Sylvia Browne|Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls.
Shannon L. Alder|When you maintain long-term relationships with the people and things you value most, this dedication reveals worth, reliability, trustworthiness, beauty, and integrity. Be someone who adds value and cares for cherished loved ones and belongings in this moment or for life.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Who would ever know the greater graces of comfort and perseverance, mercy and forgiveness, patience and courage, if no shadows fell over a life?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were 'somebody'.
Kelley York|So there we have it. I get up in the morning determined to do something approximating to the right thing, and with in two hours find something to feel guilty about.
Christine Feehan, Magic in the Wind|Sarah, honey, I hardly think kidnappers are going to take the time to buy a memento of their stay. I could be wrong, but it seems rather unlikely.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|Iain MacGregor,” she whispered longingly, looking up. The woods were quiet. Strips of moonlight shone through tree limbs that reached like surreal black fingertips across her vision. A single tear slid down her cheek. She touched her mouth, imagining his kiss.Taking a small pocket knife out of her cargo pants, she looked about. A mystic had once told her that if she left pieces of herself around while she lived, it would expand her haunting territory when she died. Jane wasn’t sure she believed in sideshow magic tricks—or the Old Magick as the mystic had spelled it on her sign. She had no idea what had possessed her to talk to the palm reader and ask about ghosts. Still, just in case, she was leaving her stamp all over the woods.She cut her palm and pressed it to a nearby tree under a branch. Holding the wound to the rough bark stung at first, but then it made her feel better. This forest wouldn’t be a bad eternity.The sound of running feet erupted behind her and she stiffened. No one ever came out here at night. She’d walked the woods hundreds of times. Her mind instantly went to the creepy girl ghosts chanting by the stream.“Whoohoo!”Jane whipped around, startled as a streak of naked flesh sprinted past her. The Scottish voice was met with loud cheers from those who followed him. “Water’s this way, lads, or my name isn’t Raibeart MacGregor, King of the Highlands!”Another naked man dashed through the forest after him. “It smells of freedom.”Jane stayed hidden in the branches, undetected, with her hand pressed to the bark.“Aye, freedom from your proper Cait,” Raibeart answered, his voice coming through the dark where he’d disappeared into the trees.“Murdoch, stop him before he reaches town. Cait will not teleport ya out of jail again,” a third man yelled, not running quite so fast. “Raibeart, ya are goin’ the wrong way!”“Och, Angus, my Cait canna live without me,” Murdoch, the second streaker, answered. “She’ll always come to my rescue.”“I said stop him, Murdoch, we’re new to this place.” Angus skidded to a stop and lifted his jaw, as if sensing he was being watched. He looked in her direction and instantly covered his manhood as his eyes caught Jane’s shocked face in the tree limbs. “Oh, lassie.”“Oh, naked man,” Jane teased before she could stop herself.“That I am,” Angus answered, “but there is an explanation for it.”“I don’t think some things need explained,” Jane said.
M.C. Webb, Fade to Black|I was murdered. Even though my heart continued to beat, I was very much deceased. All faded to black
H.M. Forester, Game of Aeons|Evans turned away, did something with his left eyelid for the benefit of the other two. "It's got him," he smirked. "He's tuned-in from now on."Time started to slow up and act crazy. Minutes took much longer to pass than they had before. It was hard for him to adjust himself to the new ratio, he got all balled-up. When it seemed like half an hour had gone by, the radio would still be playing only the first chorus of the same selection that had begun a good thirty minutes before. Otherwise, nothing much happened. Vinnie was doing a good deal of muffled giggling over there on the divan. The stranger who had been sitting reading the paper got up, yawned, stretched ponderously, and strolled out into the hall, with a muttered "Happy landing!" by way of leave-taking. He didn't come back again any more.Turner looked down one time and a quarter of an inch of charred paper was all that was left between his fingers. Then the next time he looked there was a full length cigarette again.
Luis Marques, Book of Orion - Liber Aeternus|He who does not cherish life, does not deserve to be among the living. ☥
Samuel Smiles|Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Richard B. Hays|God has chosen to save the world through the cross, through the shameful andpowerless death of the crucified Messiah. If that shocking event is therevelation of the deepest truth about the character of God, then our whole wayof seeing the world is turned upside down… all values are transformed… Godrefuses to play games of power and prestige on human terms.
Lierre Keith, The Vegetarian Myth: Food, Justice, and Sustainability|The foods that are nearby are best for human beings, and things that he has to struggle to obtain turn out to be the least beneficial of all.
Savannah Stuart, To Catch His Mate|There was a gaping hole in his chest without her. The three weeks he’d spent with her had been the best of his life. She was like this bright, shining star that had been ripped away from him. He was territorial as hell and he wasn’t letting her go.
Jo Walton, Among Others|If you love books enough, books will love you back.
Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Arok Dedes|Lihat, ini Arok, yang tetap mempertahankan Tumapel. Dia dan pasukannya akan mempertahankannya sampai titik darah terakhir. Bukan karena imbalan uang, emas dan perak dan singgasana. Hanya karena kesetiaan pada janji.
Francois Englert|People can get information - on entertainment, politics, finance - much easier than before. That will change the way people do business, the way people live.
Paul Bamikole|Some of us will be long forgotten before we are even dead. Most will never be remembered at all, not even by family.
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o, Wizard of the Crow|Does rough weather choose men over women? Does the sun beat on men, leaving women nice and cool?' Nyawira asked rather sharply. 'Women bear the brunt of poverty. What choices does a woman have in life, especially in times of misery? She can marry or live with a man. She can bear children and bring them up, and be abused by her man. Have you read Buchi Emecheta of Nigeria, Joys of Motherhood? Tsitsi Dangarembga of Zimbabwe, say, Nervous Conditions? Miriama Ba of Senegal, So Long A Letter? Three women from different parts of Africa, giving words to similar thoughts about the condition of women in Africa.''I am not much of a reader of fiction,' Kamiti said. 'Especially novels by African women. In India such books are hard to find.''Surely even in India there are women writers? Indian women writers?' Nyawira pressed. 'Arundhati Roy, for instance, The God of Small Things? Meena Alexander, Fault Lines? Susie Tharu. Read Women Writing in India. Or her other book, We Were Making History, about women in the struggle!''I have sampled the epics of Indian literature,' Kamiti said, trying to redeem himself. 'Mahabharata, Ramayana, and mostly Bhagavad Gita. There are a few others, what they call Purana, Rig-Veda, Upanishads … Not that I read everything, but …''I am sure that those epics and Puranas, even the Gita, were all written by men,' Nyawira said. 'The same men who invented the caste system. When will you learn to listen to the voices of women?
Elizabeth Hardwick, Seduction and Betrayal: Women and Literature|Nevertheless the severance is rather casual and it drops a stain on our admiration of Nora. Ibsen has put the leaving of her children on the same moral and emotional level as the leaving of her husband and we cannot, in our hearts, asssent to that. It is not only the leaving but the way the play does not have time for suffering, changes of heart. Ibsen has been too much a man in the end. He has taken the man's practice, if not his stated belief, that where self-realization is concerned children shall not be an impediment.
Ellen Ochoa|Part of what made the Macintosh great was that the people working on it were musicians, poets, and artists, and zoologists, and historians. They also happened to be the best computer scientists in the world. But if it hadn't been computer science, these people would have been doing amazing things in other fields.
Malcolm Fraser|What we don't talk about enough is Ohio's unique and remarkable quality of life. We are a state of cities, small towns and growing suburbs where life is affordable and destinations within reach. There is no better place to raise a family.
Giulia Enders, Gut: The Inside Story of Our Body’s Most Underrated Organ|Detoxing is nonsense, it's a complete fallacy that the body needs to detox. Removal of waste products and toxins is a continuous process and we don't need to periodically flush them out. The body does a perfectly good job of eliminating any substances on its own. The entire concept of needing to detoxify, purify, or cleanse your body with these regimes is literally made up by the diet industry to sell us more shit (that doesn't work) to fix our bodies (that don't need fixing).
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without hope, we lose heart.
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|I loved her laugh. It was bubbly and girlish, and it made me want to pick her up, put her in my pocket, and carry her around with me just so I could hear it all the time.
Farshad Asl|Entrepreneurship is not a title, it is a mindset, a way of life; it is the future!
Stieg Larsson, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo|I’m tired of pretending, tired of acting like everything’s okay, tired of not being with him…
Paul Fussell|If I didn't have writing, I'd be running down the street hurling grenades in people's faces.
Mmanti Umoh|Education is the bane of life, the foundation of society and the liberation of generations.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|seven times down, eight times up
Bryana Johnson, Having Decided To Stay|Go ye, who rest so placidly upon the sacred Bard who had been young, and when he strung his harp was old, and had never seen the righteous forsaken, or his seed begging their bread; go, Teachers of content and honest pride, into the mine, the mill, the forge, the squalid depths of deepest ignorance, and uttermost abyss of man's neglect, and say can any hopeful plant spring up in air so foul that it extinguishes the soul's bright torch as fast as it is kindled!
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|If everyone is against you, but God is for you. It is more than enough to keep moving.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|I do my thing, and you do your thing. I am not in this world to live up to your expectations, and you are not in this world to live up to mine. You are you, and I am me. And if by chance we find each other, it will be beautiful. If not, it can’t be helped.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian|As a historian, I have learned that, in fact, not everyone who reaches back into history can survive it. And it is not only reaching back that endangers us; sometimes history itself reaches inexorably forward for us with its shadowy claws.
John Travolta|We go to movies to be taken away to another place, to be dazzled, to dream, to hopefully be filled with wonder. The design of the world and the look of the film is all in service of trying to create that feeling of wonder in the audience.
Roy T. Bennett|We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.
Maureen Johnson, 13 Little Blue Envelopes|When she emerged, Keith was watching the tiny round window of the under-the-counter washing machine. "Put your clothes in for a wash," he said. "They were disgusting."Ginny always thought that the only way of getting clothes clean was by drowning them in scalding water and then whipping them around in a violent centrifugal motion that caused the entire washing machine to vibrate and the floor to shake. You beat them clean. You made them suffer. This machine used about half a cup of water and was about as violent as a toaster, plus it stopped every few minutes, as if it were exhausted from the effort of turning itself.Sluff, sluff, sluff sluff. Rest. Rest. Rest.Click.Sluff, sluff, sluff, sluff. Rest. Rest. Rest."Who thought to put a window on a washing machine?" Keith asked. "Does anyone just sit and watch their wash?"You mean, besides us?""Well," he said, "yeah. Is there any coffee?
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|The warrior is Here, Now.
Benjamin Constant, Principles of Politics Applicable to All Governments|If a media is not criticizing the government, then that media is not a media but just a clown of the government!
Lisa M. Cronkhite, Disconnected|Sometimes it's as if I can shrink away to nothing. Sometimes I feel as pure and perfect as a ghost. The hunger, the headaches, the dizziness—these are the only things that are real.
Vint Cerf|Without question, we need to be informed of the happenings in the world. But modern communication brings into our homes a drowning cascade of the violence and misery of the worldwide human race. There comes a time when we need to find some peaceful spiritual renewal.
Henri Cartier-Bresson|I just started making Bloody Marys. I always thought they looked gross, then I tasted one. There's an art to it, from the Tabasco to the Worcestershire.
Karin Lowachee|Society has made it so I have to get paid in order to do basic things like eat and be indoors and not be naked. Once that's happened, morality's bound to get slippery.
Lewis Nordan, The Sharpshooter Blues|Louis said, "There ought to be a comic book about geeks."Dr. McNaughton said, "There are books about geeks."He said, "There are?"Dr. McNaughton said, "I'll read you some Faulkner sometime. I'll read you some Eudora Welty, some Flannery O'Connor. Geeks, midgets, anything your heart desires. Better than comic books."Louis looked at his father. He said, "You'll read to me? Really?
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|I wanted to give you something that would last forever. Something that would surpass the world, that would still be alive and bright even after you passed away. Something beautiful. For your eyes and smile only. But I never found it. All I could give you is words. Words which were as fleeting as the heartbeats that shook my soul whenever you looked my way.
Angie karan|Forgiveness is a form of LOVE. The ability to forgive is not achieved with soaring thoughts or intentions alone. It comes about by engaging several tools over a matter of weeks that release your body, mind, and soul, from the trapped wounding energy that has caused you to feel so much pain and then be able to replace it with new healing energy instead.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Anyway, I'm sort of glad they've got the atomic bomb invented. If there's ever another war, I'm going to sit right the hell on top of it. I'll volunteer for it, I swear to God I will.
Megan McCafferty, Charmed Thirds|Vlad's heart sank into his stomach, then squeezed its way down his leg and popped out of the hole in his shoe, where it struck the floor and broke.
Jordin Sparks|When my dad was badly weakened by the flu and my mom wanted to call an ambulance to take him to the emergency room, he wouldn't go unless he could shave first and change into a nice shirt and a pair of slacks.
Gale Sayers|Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|When sinners judge, God takes the stand.
Michael Stein, In the Age of Love|—Help these boys build a nation their own. Ransack the histories for clues to their past. Plunder the literatures for words they can speak. And should you encounter an ancient tribe whose customs, however dimly, cast light on their hearts, tell them that tale; and you shall name the unspeakable names of your kind, and in that naming, in each such telling, they will falter a step to the light."—For only with pride may a man prosper. With pride, all things follow. Without he have pride he is a shadowy skulk whose season is night. 
Nico J. Genes, Magnetic Reverie|The girl whose table I occupied was reading a book but I couldn’t help but notice that all this time, she was secretly watching me.“You are beautiful.”I took my eyes off my phone and I saw the girl talking to me. I was embarrassed and didn’t know what to say or how to react.
Summer Lane, State of Emergency|I’ve never been on a bike,” I say. “I mean, I’ve been on a bike but not a motorcycle.”“And why is that?” he asks. “Bugs. They get in your mouth, right? That’s just gross.” Chris makes a face.“If you ride around with your mouth hanging open, I assume that could be a possibility.
Sevyn Streeter|When trouble comes, focus on God's ability to care for you.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to understand, comprehend and believe, “There is a goal in my birth. I have a mission, and there is something that no one but I can do.
Deborah D. Johnson, Found: Poetry and Prose for Those Who Love Life and Flowers|Life is figure out what you hope for, live inside that hope, but live right in it,under its roof
Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau|I couldn't write a happy movie or romantic comedy to save my life. Yes, Noel Coward's an idol, but his plays are serious to me. 'Private Lives' and 'Design for Living' both have an edge. Without psychoanalyzing myself, I think I exorcise my demons in my work.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|You don't have a good story until something deviates from the expected," says McAdams. "And raising children leads to some pretty unexpected happenings.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|I left the library. Crossing the street, I was hit head-on by a brutal loneliness. I felt dark and hollow. Abandoned, unnoticed, forgotten, I stood on the sidewalk, a nothing, a gatherer of dust. People hurried past me. and everyone who walked by was happier than I. I felt the old envy. I would have given anything to be one of them.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Airman's Odyssey|Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
David Levithan, Marly's Ghost|She had been lost on her own and I had been lost on my own, so it was natural that once we found each other we wanted to keep being unlost with each other. But that, at heart, had made us exist.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|He knew, but it was not enough. The sorrow was so large it threatened to tear through my skin. When he died, all things swift and beautiful and bright would be buried with him.
Ivanka Trump|If our dreams are sincere desires to achieve, not mere pipe-dreams, there is something deep within ourselves which comes out to meet them and helps to make them realities.
Eileen Anglin|How wonderful it would be to meet an angel, I mused, but then I immediately realised I already had. Not an archangel like Saint Michael, but my human angel from Detroit, wearing an overcoat and no hat, with lank brown hair and eyes the coler of water.
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|Of course, the liar often imagines that he does no harm as long as his lies go undetected. But the one lied to almost never shares this view. The moment we consider our dishonesty from the point of view of those we lie to, we recognize that we would feel betrayed if the roles were reversed.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|No, it’s because you’re fucking pathetic. You’re no better than a human and to top it off you’re nothing but a whore.
Amber Le Bon|I don't think people change. I think they definitely mature. But I think the essence of what I am today is the same as when I was five years old. It's just maturity. I've become a healthier, fuller expression of that essence.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Don’t aim at success—the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|You can trust Christ at this moment. The Bible says, “Now is the accepted time” [2 Corinthians 6:2 KJV]. Don’t put it off. Don’t say, “I’ll think about it.” Don’t say, “I’ll do it tomorrow.” Do it right now. At this moment, say yes to Jesus Christ.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|To fail is nothing, unless you continue to ignore Cosmic Ordering.
Rachelle McCalla|No matter how many books I write, I will eventually get to fiction. That is where I'm going.
Deyth Banger|The Nigerian economy needs the world, and the world needs the Nigerian economy.
Annette Spratte, The Way of Life|I acknowledged that God is the sovereign Lord and I gave myself up completely. I guess it’s a little bit like committing suicide, only with a higher purpose.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|But is the unicorn a falsehood? It's the sweetest of animals and a noble symbol. It stands for Christ and for chastity; it can be captured only by setting a virgin in the forest, so that the animal, catching her most chaste odor, will go and lay its head in her lap, offering itself as prey to the hunters' snares.""So it is said, Adso. But many tend to believe that it's a fable, an invention of the pagans.""What a disappointment," I said. "I would have liked to encounter one, crossing a wood. Otherwise what's the pleasure of crossing a wood?
Ann Coulter|Unfortunately, after Sept. 11, there was an outburst in America of intense suffering and patriotism, and the Bush administration was very shrewd and effective in painting anyone who disagreed with the policies as unpatriotic or even traitorous.
Robert D. Kaplan, Earning the Rockies: How Geography Shapes America's Role in the World|Not to dampen any parade, but if one asks if there is a single thing about Mr. Obama's Senate record, or state legislature record, or current program, that could possibly justify his claim to the presidency one gets ... what? Not much. Similarly lightweight unqualified 'white' candidates have overcome this objection, to be sure, but what kind of standard is that?
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Salvation is the work of God planned in eternity, communicated by the prophets in the Old Testament and fulfilled in Christ; all of which the apostles bear witness to and the angels long to look into these things.
Alison Sweeney|If someone thinks, 'I'll spend the off season working on my fitness and I'll come back a better cricketer,' I don't think that's enough. You need to spend a lot of time working on your skills and honing your skills.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|Nature is a hanging judge," goes an old saying. Many tragedies come from our physical and cognitive makeup. Our bodies are extraordinarily improbable arrangements of matter, with many ways for things to go wrong and only a few ways for things to go right. We are certain to die, and smart enough to know it. Our minds are adapted to a world that no longer exists, prone to misunderstandings correctable only by arduous education, and condemned to perplexity about the deepest questions we can ascertain.
Joe  Peterson, Help Me Live... As I Die, Cancer vs. the Power of Love|Stay positive, all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche.
Sara Sheridan, Brighton Belle|I suppose if you take one part asshole and mix one part drugs, then stir in too much money for a man’s own good, this is the kind of crazy gravy you end up with.
Archilochus|Revenge is a kind of wild justice, which the more a man's nature runs to, the more ought law to weed it out.
Selena Gomez|Most people give Kennedy a passing grade, a good grade on the Cuban Missile Crisis handling, but what they don't realize, if he had had strength, if he had showed strength before, there would never have been a Cuban Missile Crisis.
A. J. P. Taylor|The fleet sailed to its war base in the North Sea, headed not so much for some rendezvous with glory as for rendezvous with discretion.
Jonathan Edwards|So, is there an afterlife, and if so, what will it be like? I don't have a clue. But I am confident that the one who has buoyed us up in life will also buoy us up through death. We die into God. What more that means, I do not know. But that is all I need to know.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|The most important thing is not to think very much about oneself. To investigate candidly the charge; but not fussily, not very anxiously. On no account to retaliate by going to the other extreme -- thinking too much.
Priscilla Shirer, Fervent: A Woman's Battle Plan to Serious, Specific and Strategic Prayer|Sometimes God speaks to a man in a whisper… But sometimes His Spirit explodes in a man suddenly, lighting up in shocking crimson brilliance the cowardly and sullied things he’s let his drowsy soul become mired in, and bringing unlooked for tears at the glimpse of the man he ought to have been all along. With that despairing realization the astounding truth blossoms like a bursting field of wildflowers or a brilliant new dawn shooting from the peak of a dark hill, that because of Christ’s work for him, he can change.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, El juego del ángel|A woman that knows her worth doesn't measure herself against another woman but stands strong, calmed and self confident.
Whitney L. Grady, I Am Currency|I am not as valuable as the books, I AM the books! They are a part of me I cannot delete or cut off or ignore! I AM CURRENCY! - Nevel Walker
Jenna Marbles|My mom was really cool. She's the one that gave me the mentality about believing in myself and trusting it, that I was always gonna be okay, and that I could do things in a special way. She just pumped me up, you know?
Victor Pinchuk|Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics.
Archibald E. Garrod|Nevertheless, scientific method is not the same as the scientific spirit. The scientific spirit does not rest content with applying that which is already known, but is a restless spirit, ever pressing forward towards the regions of the unknown, and endeavouring to lay under contribution for the special purpose in hand the knowledge acquired in all portions of the wide field of exact science. Lastly, it acts as a check, as well as a stimulus, sifting the value of the evidence, and rejecting that which is worthless, and restraining too eager flights of the imagination and too hasty conclusions.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|If someone criticizes you, give them a compliment.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|You can’t write novels without a touch of paranoia. I’m paranoid as an act of good citizenship, concerned about what the powerful people are up to.
Adriana Rodrigues, Protect These Streets|Training was a rite of purification; from it came speed, strength. Racing was a rite of death; from it came knowledge
Erica Lorraine Scheidt, Uses for Boys|But I felt like I'd made a journey to the land of fairytales only to find out that the magical world was identical to the real one. Even in fairytales, the sun still burns, sand still works its way into your bikini bottoms, and the diner next door to your motel still scorches toast.
Randy Bachman|I would love to be a guest on a talk show or a panel that shows women who have been on reality shows who've had success, to prove to audiences that you don't have to be a fool to become successful.
Edwin Robinson|I am not good at deception,' said Tuesday gloomily, flushing.Right, my boy, right,' said the President with a ponderous heartiness, 'You aren't good at anything.
J.C. Marino, Dante's Journey|In every journey comes a moment... one like no other. And in that moment, you must decide between who you are... and who you want to be.
Nikita Gill|I think there is a natural maternal instinct that comes out, which creates a much more nurturing environment. I've been accused of misogyny in the past, for relationship stuff that’s been twisted in the press and for bullshit that gets said, and that gets to me because I've always had a huge amount of respect for women, and I think that all the women who I've surrounded myself with in both a professional and personal capacity would agree with that.
Nelson Mandela|Leadership - leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|It is a very strange sensation to inexperience youth to feel itself quite alone the world, cut adrift from every connection, uncertain whether the port to which it is bound can be reached, and prevented by many impediments from returning to that it has quitted. The charm of adventure sweetens that sensation, the glow of pride warms it; but then the throb of fear disturbs it; and fear with me became predominant when half an hour elapsed, and still I was alone.
Chris Gibson|I know I have great inner strength; I always have. I can blank things out, cut people out, and I know that I can go and live in a cave on my own if necessary.
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|Sometimes you just need the comforts of home, the familiarity of your own family bed and only the pampering a mother can do.
Stephen King|Oh Christ, he groaned to himself, if this is the stuff adults have to think about I never want to grow up
Rachel Nichols|My goal was to be able to be alone without food, sugar, phone, men, TV, anything and to feel O.K. about myself.
Steven Ivy - Attorney Entrepreneur|[Nicholson] Baker can't seem to get enough of the wisdom of Gandhi and cites at length an open letter he wrote to the British people on 3 July 1940. "Your soldiers are doing the same work of destruction as the Germans," wrote the Mahatma. "I want you to fight Nazism without arms." He went on to say: "Let them take possession of your beautiful island, with your many beautiful buildings. You will give all these, but neither your souls, nor your minds. If these gentlemen choose to occupy your homes, you will vacate them. If they do not give you free passage out, you will allow yourself, man, woman and child, to be slaughtered, but you will refuse to owe allegiance to them." I must say that everything in me declines to be addressed in that tone of voice
Jamie McGuire, Walking Disaster|Can you say why America is the greatest country in the world?It’s not the greatest country in the world. That’s my answer… [turns to a panelist] Sharon, the NEA is a loser. Yeah, it accounts for a penny out of our paycheck, but he gets to hit you with it anytime he wants. It doesn’t cost money, it costs votes. It costs airtime and column inches. You know why people don’t like liberals? Because they lose. If liberals are so fucking smart, how come they lose so goddamn always? [turns to another panelist] And with a straight face, you’re gonna tell students that America is so star-spangled awesome that we’re the only ones in the world who have freedom? Canada has freedom. Japan has freedom. The UK, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, Australia, Belgium has freedom! So, 207 sovereign states in the world, like 180 of them have freedom. [turns to the student who asked the question] And yeah, you… sorority girl. Just in case you accidentally wander into a voting booth one day, there’s some things you should know. One of them is: there’s absolutely no evidence to support the statement that we’re the greatest country in the world. We’re 7th in literacy, 27th in math, 22nd in science, 49th in life expectancy, 178th in infant mortality, 3rd in median household income, number 4 in labor force and number 4 in exports. We lead the world in only three categories: number of incarcerated citizens per capita, number of adults who believe angels are real and defense spending, where we spend more than the next 26 countries combined, 25 of whom are allies. Now, none of this is the fault of a 20-year-old college student, but you, nonetheless, are, without a doubt, a member of the worst period generation period ever period, so when you ask what makes us the greatest country in the world, I don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about! Yosemite?![Silence]It sure used to be… We stood up for what was right. We fought for moral reason. We passed laws, struck down laws, for moral reason. We waged wars on poverty, not on poor people. We sacrificed, we cared about our neighbors, we put our money where our mouths were and we never beat our chest. We built great, big things, made ungodly technological advances, explored the universe, cured diseases and we cultivated the world’s greatest artists AND the world’s greatest economy. We reached for the stars, acted like men. We aspired to intelligence, we didn’t belittle it. It didn’t make us feel inferior. We didn’t identify ourselves by who we voted for in the last election and we didn’t scare so easy. We were able to be all these things and do all these things because we were informed… by great men, men who were revered. First step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one. America is not the greatest country in the world anymore.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Patroclus,' he said. He was always better with words than I.
Louis L'Amour, Sackett's Land|I would not sit waiting for some vague tomorrow, nor for something to happen. One could wait a lifetime, and find nothing at the end of the waiting. I would begin here, I would make something happen.
Patrick W. Carr, The Hero's Lot|There are works which wait, and which one does not understand for a long time; the reason is that they bring answers to questions which have not yet been raised; for the question often arrives a terribly long time after the answer.
Denise Mina, Gods and Beasts|He stopped at an intersection, panting, rubbing at the twinge in his hamstrings, looking around, though he knew no cars were coming in either direction.Dropping forward at the waist Martin admitted that he was fucking himself up. Dr Leonowsky told him: hurting yourself is an articulation of self-disgust. It helps no one, prevents nothing. This wasn’t a glorious loss of control, he was fooling himself, it was self-harm.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Nature loves efficiency, which is very odd for something supposedly working at random. When you drop a ball, it falls straight down without taking any unexpected detours. When two molecules with the potential for bonding meet, they always bond- there is no room for indecision. This expenditure of least energy, also called the law of least effort, covers human beings, too. Certainly our bodies cannot escape the efficiency of the chemical processes goings on in each cell, so it is probable that our whole being is wrapped up in the same principle. This argument also applies to personal growth- the idea that everyone is doing the best he or she can from his or her own level of consciousness
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Dill was off again. Beautiful things floated around in his dreamy head. He could read two books to my one, but he preferred the magic of his own inventions.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|A brand precedes, parallels, and leaves a path behind. What your brand will say, is saying, and has said matters more the deeper we go into the globalized, digitized, connection economy.
Seth Godin|To rely upon conviction, devotion, and other excellent spiritual qualities; that is not to be taken seriously in politics.
Katie Robinson|Fear holds us back from living the lives we want. Use your 20s to make bold decisions, follow different paths, learn from heartbreak, and figure out who you are. When you’re 30, do you want to look back at the same boring job, the stale relationship that isn’t working, and no stamps in your passport? If you want something different, if you want a life that is filled with experiences, if you want to learn and grow, if you want to make a difference…conquer the fears, believe in yourself, and just do it. You may be questioning something right now. You may be battling thoughts in your mind about taking a leap. Ask yourself what you have to lose if you leap. Ask yourself what kind of stories you want to have. Ask yourself if you’re worth it, if you deserve it.
B.S. Johnson, The Unfortunates|I have a feeling that you're riding for some terrible, terrible fall. But I don't honestly know what kind. This fall I think you're riding for—it's a special kind of fall, a horrible kind. The man falling isn't permitted to feel or hear himself hit the bottom. He just keeps falling. The whole arrangement's designed for men who, at some time or other in their lives, were looking for something their own environment couldn't supply them with. Or they thought their own environment couldn't supply them with. So they gave up looking. They gave it up before they ever really even got started...
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Some of the freckles I once loved are now closer to liver spots. But it’s still the eyes we look at, isn’t it? That’s where we found the other person, and find them still.
Eknath Easwaran, Passage Meditation: Bringing the Deep Wisdom of the Heart into Daily Life|When everything is social, suddenly nothing is.
Na'ama Yehuda, Emilia|In recent decades we have emphasized the value of teaching people 'tolerance.' Tolerance is not only inadequate, it is a negative concept which only alienates society further. Learning to tolerate absolves people of the responsibility of learning to understand different people, accept and appreciate their differences, and progress towards respecting them for who and what they are. It is only when we build acceptance between people that we will rid ourselves of the scourge of prejudice and liberate ourselves from violence.
Robert Jordan, A Crown of Swords|Something caught in her throat at this second thanks, when she'd threatened him so brutally. When you're a monster, she thought, you are thanked and praised for not behaving like a monster. She would like to restrain from cruelty and receive no admiration for it.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|... and because they were fond of reading, she fancied them satirical: perhaps without exactly knowing what it was to be satirical; but that did not signify. It was censure in common use, and easily given.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Oh God, midnight’s not bad, you wake and go back to sleep, one or two’s not bad, you toss but sleep again. Five or six in the morning, there’s hope, for dawn’s just under the horizon. But three, now, Christ, three A.M.! Doctors say the body’s at low tide then. The soul is out. The blood moves slow. You’re the nearest to dead you’ll ever be save dying. Sleep is a patch of death, but three in the morn, full wide-eyed staring, is living death! You dream with your eyes open. God, if you had strength to rouse up, you’d slaughter your half-dreams with buckshot! But no, you lie pinned to a deep well-bottom that’s burned dry. The moon rolls by to look at you down there, with its idiot face. It’s a long way back to sunset, a far way on to dawn, so you summon all the fool things of your life, the stupid lovely things done with people known so very well who are now so very dead – And wasn’t it true, had he read somewhere, more people in hospitals die at 3 A.M. than at any other time...
Winifred Gallagher|Once out of your cradle, you don't focus on the world in the abstract, perceiving things for the first time, but in synchrony with your accumulated knowledge, which enriches and helps define your experience, as well as ensuring its uniqueness.
Monica Burns, His Mistress|I would have asked you to let down your hair" turning to regard her with a grin, his teeth a slash of white in his blackened face."But it is not quite long enough anymore.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The key to success―keep swimming. Even when they tap you on the shoulder to say the pool has been drained, just keep swimming.
Upton Sinclair - The Jungle|...the souls of none of them were dead, but only sleeping; now and then they would waken, and these were cruel times.
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|[Islam] is the dynamic conviction that a person's spiritual and worldly responsibilities are one and the same, that an individuals duty to the community is indistinguishable from his or her duty to God.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|But human beings are not machines, and however powerful the pressure to conform, they sometimes are so moved by what they see as injustice that they dare to declare their independence. In that historical possibility lies hope.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Because conflict-avoidant Emily would never “bite” or even hiss unless Greg had done something truly horrible, on some level she processes his bite to mean that she’s terribly guilty—of something, anything, who knows what?
Samuel Johnson|My main hope is eventually, in modern education field, introduce education about warm-heartedness, not based on religion, but based on common experience and a common sort of sense, and then scientific finding.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|Certainly we struggle as victims of other people’s unkindness. We have been sinned against. But we cannot excuse our sinful responses to others on the grounds of their mistreatment of us. We are responsible for what we do. We are both strugglers and sinners, victims and agents, people who hurt and people who harm.
Haniel Long|A family spirit is not always synonymous with family life. Bone of our bone and flesh of our flesh makes for brothers, sisters and relatives, who may be as distant as strangers in a foreign land.
Donna Lynn Hope|Her scar tissue, which she seems to amass both physically and mentally, may not be pretty, but they have become tougher than if she had never been wounded at all.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, On Love and Loneliness|Love is something totally new every day, but pleasure is not, pleasure has continuity. Love is always new, and therefore it is its own eternity.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|There’s a tipping point with lies, a point where you’ve said something so many times that it feels truer than the truth.
Khaled Hosseini|If you try to view yourself through the lenses that others offer you, all you will see are distortions; your own light and beauty will become blurred, awkward, and ugly. Your sense of inner beauty has to remain a very private thing.
Augusten Burroughs, A Wolf at the Table|You can outrun your memories, but sometime, you will have to stop. And when you do, there will always be Stepmother, waiting to be remembered.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If you can listen to yourself and obey yourself more, then you have increased your chances for attaining personal effectiveness.
Leisa Rayven, Broken Juliet|As she slid into her fifties, with grace I might add, she learned the art of hatred, pulling on the pain from a broken heart. She kept this pain alive, growing on the outskirts of her soul, like a copse of trees that constantly needed pruning.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Bad business last night. Chances are, that would be all Graham had to say about the death of a man he had known his whole life. These folk knew all about death. They killed their own livestock. They died from fevers, falls, or broken bones gone sour. Death was like an unpleasant neighbor. You didn't talk about him for fear he might hear you and decide to pay a visit.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|In order to approximate those shapes and attitudes which are considered normal and desirable, both sexes deform themselves, justifying the process by referring to the primary, genetic difference between the sexes. But of forty-eight chromosomes only one is different: on this difference we base a complete separation of male and female, pretending as it were that all forty-eight were different.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Show me you care about our common tongue. Bring to your [writing] passion, deeply informed by knowledge of your subject. Stay me, not with apples and flagons, but with wit and grace, humor and intense caring about your discipline. Don't slack, don't give it a lick and a promise, don't make it evident that you posted what was 'good enough for government work,' don't try and fake it. Give it your best, your all, not for pence, but for the love of the craft. Do these things, as these writers and scores I have not named do, bring to your work your self, your heart, your voice, motherly or youthful, lawyerly or priestly, conservative or liberal, it matters not. Do this and I and hundreds of others will return again and again to your work, not merely because we may have a burning need for a new printer or an abiding interest in college newspapers or what have you, but because we wish to spend time with your mind and voice.
Jack Handy|If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that's another weakness.
Auliq Ice|Those who are weak, never suck the blood of the enemy, as it is to be done with strength.
Rachel S. Heslin, The Map of Your Life|One thing I want to make clear: I don’t think our old maps are bad. They deserve to be honored for their intent to help guide us safely through life. This is one of the reasons why, when we try to “push through” resistance, it seems to get even harder to move forward. After all, if you were trying to save someone by keeping them from running out into a dangerous situation, and they were pulling against you, you’d try to hold tighter, wouldn’t you?
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I was infatuated once with a foolish, besotted affection, that clung to him in spite of his unworthiness, but it is fairly gone now--wholly crushed and withered away; and he has none but himself and his vices to thank for it.
Dada Bhagwan|Intellectuals cannot find the bottom (base) of the faith. It is not possible to do both together, to remain afloat and (also) measure the ocean depth at the same time.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For brick and mortar breed filth and crime,With a pulse of evil that throbs and beats;And men are whithered before their primeBy the curse paved in with the lanes and streets.And lungs are poisoned and shoulders bowed, In the smothering reek of mill and mine;And death stalks in on the struggling crowd—But he shuns the shadow of the oak and pine
Kitty Thomas, The Last Girl|Before, time held no meaning with him. Now it’s everything. Every second of my existence feels like it will be the last.
Agatha Christie, Destination Unknown|I would like”, she resumed, “to see the world more innocently again, more impersonally, but I have no idea how to achieve this, other than by going somewhere completely unknown where I have no identity and no associations.
Mother Angelica|Unless you are willing to do the ridiculous, God will not do the miraculous. When you have God, you don’t have to know everything about it; you just do it.
Destiny Booze|How far can your imagination take you? I don't know. That's up to you, but I think you should find out.
Hermann Hesse, Soul of the Age: Selected Letters, 1891-1962|Not everyone is allotted the chance to become a personality; most remain types, and never experience the rigor of becoming an individual. But those who do so inevitably discover that these struggles bring them into conflict with the normal life of average people and the traditional values and bourgeois conventions that they uphold. A personality is the product of a clash between two opposing forces: the urge to create a life of one's own and the insistence by the world around us that we conform. Nobody can develop a personality unless he undergoes revolutionary experiences. The extent of those experiences differs, of course, from person to person, as does the capacity to lead a life that is truly personal and unique.
Anthony T. Hincks|How can man put a cost on saving this planet of ours?Have we traversed so far down the road that all we care about is money and wealth?Do we honestly care about the coming generations or are we so greedy that we don't really give a damn about what happens after we leave this life behind?To all of you that read this, stop and look at your son's or daughter's. Walk to your windows and look outside and see other children playing heedless of their parent's greed and selfish ideals.It's the children who we are saving this world for.Not Us!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In taking our human nature upon Himself, [Jesus] showed us what we might become, what God intended us to be.
Claire North|... I have waited for this day, and grief faded with time.Or did it? Perhaps grief never leaves us but is merely drowned out by a flood of life overwhelming it. Perhaps the wound that bled once is bleeding still, and I did not notice it until now.
Groucho Marx|Some people claim that marriage interferes with romance. There's no doubt about it. Anytime you have a romance, your wife is bound to interfere.
Sherree Mongrain, Small Business Owner's Guide to Killing It Online: Quick Tips, Cool Techniques & Advice for Entrepreneurs That Help You Stand Out From the Crowd|We all watch and are constantly being watched in the social media. And while we feel this gaze of others, we form our own identities, our own personas, having as a guiding principle the opinion, the values, the (gossiping) interests of others.
Catherine Doyle, Vendetta|There is beauty everywhere; even in the dark, there is light, and that is the rarest kind of all.
Kapil Dev|Contrary to the royal and uptight image of polo, I want to bring it to a younger generation. This is a great sport that can have a larger audience and appeal to more people. Sportsmanship is lacking in many other sports that I don't want to name.
Milo Yiannopoulos|We find that the Romans owed the conquest of the world to no other cause than continual military training, exact observance of discipline in their camps, and unwearied cultivation of the other arts of war.
Nicholas Trandahl|I feel like these characters, these places, these beings and plots, and even these inanimate objects are counting on me for survival. It’s my responsibility to reveal them to the world, to show my readers the names of these things, to show them their histories and stories.
James Rozoff, The Association|Among today's adept practitioners, the lie has long since lost its honest function of misrepresenting reality. Nobody believes anybody, everyone is in the know. Lies are told only to convey to someone that one has no need either of him or his good opinion. The lie, once a liberal means of communication, has today become one of the techniques of insolence enabling each individual to spread around him the glacial atmosphere in whose shelter he can thrive.
Rabindranath Tagore|The real frienship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|The choices you make now, the people you surround yourself with, they all have the potential to affect your life, even who you are, forever.
Don Bluth|I do not fear anybody on the field or in society, but I fear at night when I am away from my parents. I am scared of the unknown described in horror movies.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|How much time could you spend staring out the ocean, even if it was the ocean you'd loved since you were a boy?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Me and Call have always liked to get where we started for, even if it don't make a damn bit of sense.
George Gaylord Simpson, The Meaning of Evolution: A Study of the History of Life and of Its Significance for Man, Revised Edition|The greatest impact of the Darwinian revolution...was that it completed the liberation from superstition and fear that began in the physical sciences a few centuries before. Man, too, is a natural phenomenon. [in "The evolutionary concept of man", 1972, p. 35.]
Deyth Banger|Everyone Regenerates, different ways one regenerates by watching horror and thinking of the good side. Other cry, but in the end all reliase that there isn't purpose of thinking this topic, there isn't purpose to cry. Somebody have died and that's all and It can't be changed!
Simon Cheshire, Plastic Fantastic|You can't be like pop stars, but you can be part of their story. You can be their fan.
Ashok Khurana|Love began everything.Nothing ends till it ends in Love.Once it ends in Love,it is not an end but Beginning of Love.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: NIV - Student Bible|The modern belief that highly advanced civilizations from other planets are visiting the Earth via spacecraft is a ruse. If real, they are beings created apart from the procreative processes established for life on Earth (Gen. 1). And since they are not direct creations of God Himself, their origins must be sought from other sources.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|At the moment that everything goes dark, the sunset in front of us becomes the whole story. But if we find courage enough to wait until tomorrow morning, we will suddenly come to understand that in reality yesterday’s sunset was only half of the story.
Marilynne Robinson|To recognize our bias toward error should teach us modesty and reflection, and to forgive it should help us avoid the inhumanity of thinking we ourselves are not as fallible as those who, in any instance, seem most at fault. Science can give us knowledge, but it cannot give us wisdom. Nor can religion, until it puts aside nonsense and distraction and becomes itself again.
Viola Davis|I believe that investing in our children's development from the earliest age is the single most important contribution we can make to the health and wellbeing of our citizens, their capacity and the future prosperity of our state.
George Bernard Shaw|My schooling not only failed to teach me what it professed to be teaching, but prevented me from being educated to an extent which infuriates me when I think of all I might have learned at home by myself.
Richard Rohr|We have been shown how to fight hate without becoming hate ourselves. We have been given a Companion and a Friend and not just a good idea. We have been given joy in the midst of failure, and not just a way of winning or being right.
Sham Hinduja|We forget the good people do, but remember the not-so-good they might have intentionally or intentionally done !Be Brave and Forgive !
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|They said, "Will You place upon it one who causes corruption therein and sheds blood, while we declare Your praise and sanctify You?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As a rose blossoms despite being surrounded by thorns, bloom despite being surrounded by troubles.
Chigozie Obioma, The Fishermen|No more kissing beneath bridges?"Her face heated. She turned to go only to have him catch her sleeve. It was a risk, having such long sleeves."Why don't we both stay back here? No one will miss us and you're the most interesting part of the banquet anyway.""Shameless," she scolded.
Louis C.K.|Shut up…let me tell you, LET ME. Every time I look at your face or even remember it, it wrecks me. And the way you are with me and you’re just fun and you shit all over me and you make fun of me and you’re real. I don’t have enough time in any day to think about you enough...I don’t even think about women anymore. I think about you.
Blaise Pascal, The Mind on Fire: A Faith for the Skeptical and Indifferent|The infinite distance between the mind & the body is a symbol of the distance that is infinitely more, between the intellect & love, for love is divine.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Happiness is.. looking at the closing door, then bolting them from outside and fleeing.
Jane Smiley, The Greenlanders|Thou hast gone on in all thy life hitherto, ever since thou wast born, in a continual opposition to God Himself, unto the infinite Lord, the eternal first being of all the world; thy life hath been nothing but enmity to this God: thou hast as directly opposed, and striven against, and resisted Him, as ever man did oppose, and resist, and strive with another man, and this thou hast done in the whole course of thy life: certainly there is more in this to humble a man than anything that can be spoken to shew him the evil of sin.
Frank Lloyd Wright, Truth Against the World: Frank Lloyd Wright Speaks for an Organic Architecture|I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Do not be deceived that you are weak because you have forgiven; instead be rest assured that you are now showing great strength - after all, forgiving is one of the most difficult things to do.
Seraphim Rose|Everything in this life passes away — only God remains, only He is worth struggling towards. We have a choice: to follow the way of this world, of the society that surrounds us, and thereby find ourselves outside of God; or to choose the way of life, to choose God Who calls us and for Whom our heart is searching.
Summer Sanders|Given the number of restaurants I have, I could easily travel all the time - but I try not to.
Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer|I planted a kamikaze kiss on Jamie’s cheek.“FUCK,” he shouted, wiping it off. “What if you killed me!” He threw a Skittle at my face. It hit my forehead.“Ow!”“Taste the rainbow bitch.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Who was this women?' asked Harry.'I dunno, some Ministry hag.'Mundungus considered for a moment, brow wrinkled.'Little women. Bow on top of er' head.'He frowned and then added, 'Looked like a toad.'Harry dropped his wand.Harry looked up and saw his own shock reflected in Ron and Hermione's faces. The scars on the back of right hand seemed to be tingling again.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains|If you’re alive, don’t move, if you’re dead, don’t worry about it.
Oswald Spengler, Aphorisms|In order for a god to be all-knowing, he must know even the fact of his own omniscience. But can he do this? He may know the totality of facts constituting the world; call this Y. But in order to know that he has mastered Y, he must also know that 'There are no facts unknown to me' — and this is beyond Y.It seems impossible that a god (or anyone) could ever be sure that nothing exists beyond his ken. It makes no sense to imagine [a god] arriving at this limit, peering beyond it (at what?), and satisfying himself no further facts exist. But without this certainty he cannot be sure of his own omniscience, and so does not know everything.A theist might argue that his god has created all the facts in existence. But an omniscient god would have to be sure of even this — that he is the sole creator, and that there are no facts unknown to him. And how could he come to this knowledge?
Thich Nhat Hanh|If the real radical finds that having long hair sets up psychological barriers to communication and organization, he cuts his hair. If I were organizing in an orthodox Jewish community, I would not walk in there eating a ham sandwich unless I wanted to be rejected so I could have an excuse to cop out.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Life is an unfinished art, few master it, most just bark.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Studding the indigo sky were thousands and thousands of stars. On nights like this, you could almost feel the planet moving on its axis.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|One of the most terrifying things I fear is not my potential, but how much regret I’ll die with should I never use it.
Jesmyn Ward, Men We Reaped|A half roll of Life Savers fused to the pockets,And in yet another, a lone unwrapped mintHad bundled itself in a stole of gray lint.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|The tragedy waiting for politicians in future is greater than the gain in politics if it is measured, politicians kill, steal and betray the voters, but at the end they go to early grave, lose their peace and become miserable for the rest of their life.
Catherine Landis, Some Days There's Pie|Wasn't that the gift of a home? You looked at it the same way, but then when you needed it to, it showed you all over again the many ways you'd been during the time you had been living there. The many ways it brought you back to yourself. The many ways it still brought you back to yourself.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Life is a process of self-sustaining and self-generated action. If an organism fails in that action, it dies...It is only the concept of ‘Life’ that makes the concept of 'Value’ possible. It is only to a living entity that things can be good or evil.
George C. Wallace|Before I had decided to get into politics, I was laying the groundwork to have a career in the law, but that was really to lay the foundation to teach, either at the college level or law school level after my federal clerkships.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.
E. A. Davis|Mostly you love them and you cherish their milestones but occasionally you do want to tape them to a chair. That would be child abuse, DO NOT TAPE YOUR CHILDREN TO CHAIRS. If you want to tape your baby dolls to chairs, be my guest. I am fairly certain that there isn't like a Cabbage Patch CPS.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|Divinity is born from neural processes, not some Supreme Entity.
Hippocrates|As to diseases, make a habit of two things — to help, or at least, to do no harm.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|Civil war tends to give a helping hand to the velocity of currency, Ukraine can attest to that. However, it is quite an unpleasant way to find the intrinsic value of worthlessness.
PRIYANSHU JOSHI|TO BE AN ENTREPRENEUR,  BE A DOER FIRST.IT TAKES “YOU” TO BE THAT!
John Paul II|Not many people can lay claim to having broken Time, and we did it purely by accident.
Ellen J. Barrier|Trust compared to a valuable stone that has been shattered, cannot be restored to its original form.
Evelyn   Smith|When an author sleeps, her brain creates more stories for her pen.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you encounter the light, you shall never walk in darkness.
Assunta Harris, A Sheep Amongst Wolves|Loan sharking may mean investment and immediate solutions but desperate loan sharks, who are short of cash, abuse your rights and attack other people's home. ~ Odyssey of a Heart, Home of a Soul
Angel Ramon Medina|Good,” said the First Speaker. “And tell me, what do you think of all this. A finished work of art, is it not?”“Definitely!”“Wrong! It is not.” This, with sharpness. “It is the first lesson you must unlearn. The Seldon Plan is neither complete nor correct. Instead, it is merely the best that could be done at the time. Over a dozen generations of men have pored over these equations, worked at them, taken them apart to the last decimal place, and put them together again. They’ve done more than that. They’ve watched nearly four hundred years pass and against the predictions and equations, they’ve checked reality, and they have learned.
David Mamet|What is a genius? A person who demands little to nothing from others, but is often found extremely difficult to have around.
A. Lee Martinez, Too Many Curses|He hasn't earned your your mercy."Nessy replied, "Mercy isn't earned. It's given.
Анна Ахматова, Избранное|Лотова ЖенаИ праведник шел за посланником Бога,Огромный и светлый, по черной горе.Но громко жене говорила тревога:Не поздно, ты можешь еще посмотретьНа красные башни родного Содома,На площадь, где пела, на двор, где пряла,На окна пустые высокого дома,Где милому мужу детей родила.Взглянула - и, скованы смертною болью,Глаза ее больше смотреть не могли;И сделалось тело прозрачною солью,И быстрые ноги к земле приросли.Кто женщину эту оплакивать будет?Не меньшей ли мнится она из утрат?Лишь сердце мое никогда не забудетОтдавшую жизнь за единственный взгляд.
Adora Svitak|There are more clocks than ever - clocks on computers, on cell phones, on televisions, on any screen available, telling time to the digital second - but they all seem to matter less.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|When we see one another as different aspects of ourselves—as ourselves experiencing a different situation and circumstance—we develop a love, a connection, and a unity that allows us to see beyond the various forms, as well as the various ways that someone may act out when they have forgotten their connection and their formless nature. If you look at another in this light, you will see a Being that is just like you, looking back at you
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Hope may seem frail. But in the face of adversity, hope can be our strongest ally.
Alana Stewart|The state's interest in marriage is stability. Generally speaking, polygamy does not work for stability. Inherent in the whole polygamous movement is a deep and abiding misogyny and denigration of women. So polygamy is objectionable on lots of grounds.
A.J. Sky, Firestorm|All maps are fiction when the world is seen from the sky. But if ten thousand dragons choose to believe in this one, I think you will find it nearer truth than otherwise.
Armistead Maupin, The Night Listener|Two days after his twelfth birthday, a fortnight before his father was jailed for debt, Charles Dickens was sent to work in a blacking factory. There, in a rat-infested room by the docks, he sat for twelve hours a day, labelling boot polish and learning the pain of abandonment. While he never spoke publicly of this ordeal, it would always be with him: in his social conscience and burning ambition, in the hordes of innocent children who languished and died in his fiction.Pete thinks we all have a blacking factory: some awful moment, early on, when we surrender our childish hearts as surely as we lose our baby teeth. And the outcome can't be called. Some of us end up like Dickens, others like Jeffrey Dahmer. It's not a question of good or evil, Pete believes. Just the random brutality of the universe and our native ability to withstand it.
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|To be beautiful, handsome, means that you possess a power which makes all smile upon and welcome you; that everybody is impressed in your favor and inclined to be of your opinion; that you have only to pass through a street or to show yourself at a balcony to make friends and to win mistresses from among those who look upon you. What a splendid, what a magnificent gift is that which spares you the need to be amiable in order to be loved, which relieves you of the need of being clever and ready to serve, which you must be if ugly, and enables you to dispense with the innumerable moral qualities which you must possess in order to make up for the lack of personal beauty.
Jack Donovan, Androphilia|If anything has made men more effeminate in the past half-century, it's been the running feminist critique of masculinity.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|Peace is an effect, or offspring, of Truth. To find Truth without is to find Truth within. To find Truth within is to find peace within. To find peace within is to find the source to peace without. In the event that the source to peace without is found, it cannot become a reality until it is first lived. To live in peace is to express Truth and to express Truth is to multiply peace. Peace begins as an internal realization of Truth, and then translates into an external expression of Truth. There cannot be peace without until there is first peace within. There cannot be peace within until there is first an inner realization of Truth.
Sigmar Gabriel|One of the most powerful transformational catalysts is knowledge, new information, or logic that defies old mental models and ways of thinking.
Simon Callow, Charles Dickens and the Great Theatre of the World|To enter a theatre for a performance is to be inducted into a magical space, to be ushered into the sacred arena of the imagination.
Neil Diamond|I believe that when you think of the negative, and you get up discouraged - 'There's nothing good in my future' - I really believe it almost ties the hands of God. God works where there's an attitude of faith. I believe faith is all about hope.
Thomas Carlyle, Sartor Resartus|Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together; that at length they may emerge, full-formed and majestic, into the daylight of Life, which they are thenceforth to rule. Not William the Silent only, but all the considerable men I have known, and the most undiplomatic and unstrategic of these, forbore to babble of what they were creating and projecting. Nay, in thy own mean perplexities, do thou thyself but hold thy tongue for one day: on the morrow, how much clearer are thy purposes and duties; what wreck and rubbish have those mute workmen within thee swept away, when intrusive noises were shut out! Speech is too often not, as the Frenchman defined it, the art of concealing Thought; but of quite stifling and suspending Thought, so that there is none to conceal. Speech too is great, but not the greatest. As the Swiss Inscription says: Sprecfien ist silbern, Schweigen ist golden (Speech is silvern, Silence is golden); or as I might rather express it: Speech is of Time, Silence is of Eternity.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|The endorphin high of birth will fade, but its trace remains with you forever, its fingerprints indelible proof of love's presence and daily grandeur. You have offered up your prayer. You have vowed service to a new world and laid a bedrock of earthly faith. You have chosen your sword, your shield, and where you will fall. Whatever the morrow brings, these things, these people, will be with you always. The power of choice, of a life, a lover, a place to stand, will be there to be called upon and make fresh sense of your tangled history. More important, it will also be there when you waver, when you're lost, providing you with the elements of a new compass, encased within your heart.
Virginia Woolf, The Second Common Reader|To admit authorities, however heavily furred and gowned, into our libraries and let them tell us how to read, what to read, what value to place upon what we read, is to destroy the spirit of freedom which is the breath of those sanctuaries. Everywhere else we may be bound by laws and conventions—there we have none.
Liz  Newman, Hope Between Heartbeats|The question that sometime's drive's me hazy, am i or the other's crazy?
Akiroq Brost|Don't let fear, or doubt creep in. Instead, let hope creep in. Start believing in yourself. Open your mind and heart to the possibilities.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|Were she better, or you sicker, then the stars would not be so terribly crossed, but it is the nature of stars to cross, and never was Shakespeare more wrong than when he had Cassius note, ‘The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars/But in ourselves.
Emily Giffin|I would prefer," Pat said, his voice a little stiff, as if he expected resistance, "that I be the cosigner on the loan, if you go through with this. I know I'm not a famous billionaire, but I think my credit's just as good."No, you're wrong about that," Tess said, shaking her head.What?"As far as I'm concerned, it's better. I'd much rather do business with you."They shook on it. It was a deal, after all, not a time for hugging.Favors, Arnie Vasso had once said. Your father knows all about favors. He had meant it as an insult, a sly reference to the corners the Monaghans and Weinsteins cut here and there. Now Tess saw it for the simple truth it was: Her father understood favors. How to do them, how to accept them, how to walk away when the price was too steep. It was a lesson she wouldn't mind learning someday.Maybe this was the place to start.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|What is done cannot be undone,Knowing that, face it but do not run.
Mark M. DeRobertis, Killer of Killers|Plant your flag, respectfully stand for truth, justice, and freedom for all.
U.S. instruction manual|Aim towards enemy." - instructions on U.S. rocket launcher
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|But look behind you, Mary.' She nodded towards the dais. 'One of the musicians seems to be trying to attract your attention.'It was Peter. He was standing on the dais smiling across at me. My delight at seeing him was such that I could not disguise it - did not try to disguise it.
Lauren Sabel, Lies I Live By|Because the greater the love, the more devastating the sense of betrayal.
Mary Stuart Masterson|Dad always explained the car engine when he repaired it, and he had many technical books, so I was making electromagnets by age eight as well as reading my mother's medical and nursing books. I suspect I was born with a boundless curiosity, and this was encouraged through my childhood.
James Howe, The Misfits|When it comes to generating writing material, teenagers are gold. Their world is a narcissistic, anarchic, paranoid hell of anxieties and stresses about how they look; how popular they are or aren’t; and how fast or slowly, big or small their private parts are growing. As an observer, it’s fantastic. Hilarious, at times. Poignant and heartbreaking. It is all the stuff of great human drama because, before your eyes, you get to witness character transformation. Boy grows into man. Girl grows into woman. Writers strain to make this shit up.But – and here’s the catch – we dare not discuss any of this if we want our kids to trust us or ever talk to us again. And that’s because, lifts and pocket money aside, teenagers crave privacy – the need for which hatches both swiftly and silently while we’re sorting out the laundry. It’s as if they suddenly wake up one day creeped out by the thought of all those years we wiped their butts and helped them put on their undies and they go into lock- down. They smoke us out, put up walls, close their doors, shut down their stories, and waft, earphoned, through our homes in a shroud of hormones and appetite. Their lives – in which, until recently, we participated with Too Much Information and gross oversharing – suddenly become ‘none of our business.
Cindy Crawford|Virat Kohli has so far shown that he has more ability and talent than anybody else, and if he can play till 32 or 34 with same fitness and without injuries, he will come to a point where not even Vivian Richards neither Sachin Tendulkar had such a record.
Parker Posey|I have 20,000 girlfriends, all around the world.
Andrew Young|I like a lot of things about yoga - its an intro to good music; with each good teacher you study with, you learn a lot about them personally; it's not just about specific technique or poses. I also like Shavasana - not too many exercise routines let you nap at the end of them. You don't see nap pods in CrossFit gyms.
Helen Keller|So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.
Dennis Prager|Religion is among the most beautiful and most natural of all things - that religion which 'sees God in clouds and hears Him in the wind,' which endows every object of sense with a living soul, which finds in the system of nature whatever is holy, mysterious and venerable, and inspires the bosom with sentiments of awe and veneration.
Dezső Kosztolányi, Skylark|At any rate, they were strange fellows, these bohemians. They lounged around doing nothing and told you they were working; they were frightfully miserable and yet would tell you that they were perfectly happy. They had more troubles than others but seemed to bear them better, as if they fed on suffering.
Rahm Emanuel|The writer's secret is not inspiration - for it is never clear where it comes from - it is his stubbornness, his patience.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Will saw the first Senshi officer release and instantly knew where the arrow was aimed. 'They've spotted Shigeru!' He was about to turn and shove Shigeru to the ground, but as he did so, his eye caught a flicker of movement and he spun back.When asked later about what he did next, he could never explain how he managed it. Nor could he ever repeat the feat. He acted totally from instinct, an unbelievable piece of coordination between hand and eye.The Senshi arrow flashed downward, heading directly for Shigeru. Will flicked his bow at it, caught it and deflected it from its course. The arrowhead screeched on the hard, rocky ground and the arrow skittered away. Even Halt took a second to be impressed.'My god!' he said. 'How did you do that?
Jonathan Swift|Today is such a time, when the project of interpretation is largely reactionary, stifling. Like the fumes of the automobile and of heavy industry which befoul the urban atmosphere, the effusion of interpretations of art today poisons our sensibilities. In a culture whose already classical dilemma is the hypertrophy of the intellect at the expense of energy and sensual capability, interpretation is the revenge of the intellect upon art.Even more. It is the revenge of the intellect upon the world. To interpret is to impoverish, to deplete the world - in order to set up a shadow world of 'meanings.' It is to turn the world into this world. ('This world'! As if there were any other.)The world, our world, is depleted, impoverished enough. Away with all duplicates of it, until we again experience more immediately what we have. 
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Love can rebuild the world, they say, so everything's possible when it comes to love.
Bluenscottish|Every person has felt pain,some deeper than others,some pain inmeasurable It is a choice to reframe that pain as power to create change~bns
Edmund Vance Cooke|How Did You Die?Did you tackle that trouble that came your wayWith a resolute heart and cheerful?Or hide your face from the light of dayWith a craven soul and fearful?Oh, a trouble's a ton, or a trouble's an ounce,Or a trouble is what you make it.And it isn't the fact that you're hurt that counts,But only how did you take it?You are beaten to earth? Well, well what's that?Come up with a smiling face.It's nothing against you to fall down flat,But to lie there - that's disgrace.The harder you're thrown, why the higher you bounce;Be proud of your blackened eye!It isn't the fact that you're licked that counts;It's how did you fight and why?And though you be done to death, what then?If you battled the best you could;If you played your part in the world of men,Why the critic will call it good.Death comes with a crawl, or comes with a pounce,And whether he's slow or spry,It isn't the fact that you're dead that counts,But only, how did you die?
Emma Holly, Hidden Passions|You can catch flies with honey, but you catch more honeys bein fly
Bhagavad Gita, Bhagavad Gita|When you set your mind to achieve something, you must allow yourself the opportunity to get it done.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|You want useless, you have come to the right guy. I can be useless for hours at a time. Weeks even. I'm currently closing in on a month of being totally useless, which is by way of being a personal best.
C.S. Lewis, God in the Dock: Essays on Theology and Ethics|Everything has to come to an end, sometime.
Chris Bohjalian, Secrets of Eden|You have everything you need within you to become the best possible version of yourself. Believe that you CAN. Believe that you’re capable of pushing harder and farther than you have before. Believe that you’re young enough, old enough, smart enough and strong enough to achieve your goals. Don’t let false beliefs stop you from moving beyond yourself. And certainly don’t get sidetracked by other people who are off track.
Caroline Cairn, Forever Hers|In the light, he looked like a fallen angel asked to return to Hell.
Vishwanath S J|Your "look-alike" may be the result of one of the various possible futures happening simultaneously!
G.K. Chesterton|The realm of fairy-story is wide and deep and high and filled with many things: all manner of beasts and birds are found there; shoreless seas and stars uncounted; beauty that is an enchantment, and an ever-present peril; both joy and sorrow as sharp as swords.
C. JoyBell C.|Little is the imagination of the person who believes that the future of another may be determined by his/her past. We are so much more than our minds and our memories! We are in fact transcendent souls. If you determine what is ahead by what you can see when you look back, then you will in fact never behold what actually stands in front of you.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Ladies and Gentlemen, I stand before you now because I never stopped dawdling like an eight-year-old on a spring morning on his way to school. Anything can make me stop and look and wonder, and sometimes learn. I am a very happy man. Thank you. - Dr. Hoenikker's Nobel Prize acceptance speech (in its entirety); chapter 5
Michael Crichton, Timeline|When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right ones a fighting chance- Victoria Barron- dedicated attorney and protagonist of Misplaced
Lech Walesa|The E.U.'s tax and regulatory policies, climate-change and welfare spending, and free immigration even in wartime are gradually ruining Europe. That's why I believe Brexit is good for British freedom, political autonomy, and the survival of democratic capitalism.
Kelly Braffet, Fabulous Things|It cannot be done all at once. To overpower vertigo - the keeper of the abyss- one must tame it, cautiously.
Jordin Sparks|It is time to get drunk! So as not to be the martyred slaves of Time, get drunk; get drunk without stopping! On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.
Rick Perlstein|I learned long ago on the battlefields of Vietnam that in a crisis, there is no substitute for clear-eyed leadership.
Orrin Woodward|People buy into leaders through the 3R's of Leadership: Relationship, Reason, and Results.
Osyp Nazaruk, Roxelana|Eloquence.— We need both what is pleasing and what is real, but that which pleases must itself be drawn from the true.
Sheila Burke|The expensive car you bought doesn’t matter, but the way you treated the sales man did.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|My spirit. This is a new thought. I'm not sure exactly what it means, but it suggests I'm a fighter. In a sort of brave way. It's not as if I'm never friendly. Okay, maybe I don't go around loving everybody I meet, maybe my smiles are hard to come by, but i do care for some people.
Glenn A. Maltais|You did not have to understand miracles to believe in them, and in fact Mabel had come to suspect the opposite. To believe, perhaps you had to cease looking for explanations and instead hold the little thing in your hands as long as you were able before it slipped like water between your fingers
Karen Maezen Miller, Momma Zen: Walking the Crooked Path of Motherhood|Your life is your practice. Your spiritual practice does not occur someplace other than in your life right now, and your life is nowhere other than where you are. You are looking for answers, insight, and wisdom that you already possess. Live the life in front of you, be the life you are, and see what you find out for yourself.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Why, even Death stands still and waits an hour for such a will.
Dan Elconin, Never After|My fingers traced the melody on an invisible keyboard—my usual way to connect with the music, to feel its emotions on my fingertips. I touched the keys softly, as if gliding my hands through water, but the musical notes kept slipping between my fingers like bubbles, waltzing away in the blue radiance.
Whitfield Diffie|You'll never see me with a precision flick of eyeliner. Messy eyeliner became my thing by accident rather than design. If you can't get it straight, then just work it in around your eyes.
Robert Webb|God wants to free us from ourselves, and there's nothing like suffering to show us that we need something bigger than our abilities and our strength and our explanations.
Daisaku Ikeda, The Human Revolution|A great human revolution in just a single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a nation and, further, can even enable a change in the destiny of all humankind.
Edmund White|A focus on regulatory overreach, things that the benefit doesn't outweigh the cost, is probably the single greatest opportunity we have for having a positive impact on job creation.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|I smiled: I thought to myself Mr. Rochester is peculiar — he seems to forget that he pays me £30 per annum for receiving his orders."The smile is very well," said he, catching instantly the passing expression; "but speak too.""I was thinking, sir, that very few masters would trouble themselves to inquire whether or not their paid subordinates were piqued and hurt by their orders.
Salvador Dali|Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
Amy Rae Durreson, Reawakening|If you’re trying to reassure me, don’t make it sound like you want to eat me.” Tarn leaned in farther, letting the long twists of his hair fall to brush Gard’s cheek. Then he murmured, putting a little growl into it, “I do want to eat you. I like the way you taste.
Nehali Lalwani, Her Story|I do not dream, I simply maintain an ever growing list of things I will do and things that I won't.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|He used to wonder how such a frail little body could house so much joy, so much goodness. It couldn't. It spilled out of her, came pouring out her eyes.
J.R.R. Tolkien|You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, Fall on Your Knees|My burden is my purpose. Without it, I wouldn't be.
Gertrude Stein|I don't even know how to use a parking meter, let alone a phone box.
Janice Y.K. Lee|She did what she could for him. She kissed him in return. She lost her breath and both her hearts, and finally Turned to smoke and back.
Anita Diament|We all went to Kelsey's wedding, and yeah, we go to parties. We also go to each other's house. A group of us got together over at Kelsey's and just read through some plays just for the fun of it. That may not be everyone's idea of a good time, but we had a good time.
Yavgeny Zamyatin -We|Gods have become like us, ergo, we have become like gods. And to you, my unknown planetary readers, we will come to you, to make your life as divinely rational and exact as ours.
Marcus Luttrell|O divine art of subtlety and secrecy! Through you we learn to be invisible, through you inaudible, and hence we can hold the enemy's fate in our hands.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Is despair wrong? Isn’t it the natural condition of life after a certain age? … After a number of events, what is there left but repetition and diminishment? Who wants to go on living? The eccentric, the religious, the artistic (sometimes); those with a false sense of their own worth. Soft cheeses collapse; firm cheeses endurate. Both go mouldy.
|You can only start to discover your true positive self in life, if you rise to the challenge and take total control of your thoughts and beliefs, and never permit them to negatively control you again.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|The stars we are given. The constellations we make. That is to say, stars exist in the cosmos, but constellations are the imaginary lines we draw between them, the readings we give the sky, the stories we tell.
Alexa Stevenson|The ending shouldn't determine the meaning of anything, a story or a life. Logically, I don't think it can--didn't Heidegger say something to that effect? That the meaning of all our moments cannot be contingent upon an end-point over which we have no control? That if we are happy right now, that means something, even if we die tomorrow? Narrative integrity is overrated. I don't need to know that the story of my life has a happy ending to enjoy it. A good thing, too, because I hear all the characters die in the end.
Steven Spielberg|There should be a point to movies. Sure, you're giving people a diversion from the cold world for a bit, but at the same time, you pass on some facts and rules and maybe a little bit of wisdom.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|You’re doing it again,” he said.“Doing what?” I asked, wondering if I had done something wrong.“Melting my heart with your smile,” he said.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|Work, love, courage and hope,Make me good and help me cope!
Robert Louis Stevenson|Seek out that particular mental attitude which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive  along with which comes the inner voice which says  "This is the real me " and when you have found that attitude  follow it.
Patti Smith|The moment when kite becomes free, it will fall down!
Frank Luntz, Win: The Key Principles to Take Your Business from Ordinary to Extraordinary|Much of modern life is based upon a false logic, a logic that assumes that happiness and well-being come from financial prosperity.
Plato|Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception|But, nevertheless, if there is even the slightest recognition, liberation is easy. Should you ask why this is so—it is because once the awesome, terrifying and fearful appearances arise, the awareness does not have the luxury of distraction. The awareness is one-pointedly concentrated.
Donika Kelly, Bestiary: Poems|Refuse the old means of measurement.Rely instead on the thrumming wilderness of self. Listen.-From "Out West
Debasish Mridha|Others are responsible for their actions toward you, but you are responsible for your reactions. Always be considerate and kind with your actions.
Dan Wells, Mr. Monster|1) Work on one thing at a time until finished.2) Start no more new books, add no more new material to "Black Spring."3) Don't be nervous. Work calmly, joyously, recklessly on whatever is in hand.4) Work according to Program and not according to mood. Stop at the appointed time!5) When you can't create you can work.6) Cement a little every day, rather than add new fertilizers.7) Keep human! See people, go places, drink if you feel like it.8) Don't be a draught-horse! Work with pleasure
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|Mortal as I am, I know that I am born for a day. But when I follow at my pleasure the serried multitude of the stars in their circular course, my feet no longer touch the earth.
Shailene Woodley|I care so passionately about improving the quality of life for women and girls, not just here in the United States, but internationally as well. I am a single mom and I raised a daughter who is now a young adult.
Carl Sandburg|A baby is God's opinion that life should go on. A book that does nothing to you is dead. A baby, whether it does anything to you, represents life. If a bad fire should break out in this house and I had my choice of saving the library or the babies, I would save what is alive. Never will a time come when the most marvelous recent invention is as marvelous as a newborn baby. The finest of our precision watches, the most super-colossal of our supercargo plants, don't compare with a newborn baby in the number and ingenuity of coils and springs, in the flow and change of chemical solutions, in timing devices and interrelated parts that are irreplaceable. A baby is very modern. Yet it is also the oldest of the ancients. A baby doesn't know he is a hoary and venerable antique — but he is. Before man learned how to make an alphabet, how to make a wheel, how to make a fire, he knew how to make a baby — with the great help of woman, and his God and Maker.
Amit Chaudhuri, Friend of My Youth|Warm, enticing scents were floating down, basil and oregano and tomato. It made Wes long for something, something he couldn't place. A happy childhood, a home.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|It kind of felt like she was kicking me in the gut, and every kick
Joe Torre|Divorce isn't one-sided, and I am by no means perfect. Becoming accountable for my role in the relationship was very empowering.
Mary Balogh, Slightly Wicked|She was not sorry. And if it was the wine telling her that, then she would tell the wine the same thing tomorrow. She was not sorry.
John Keats, Endymion: A Poetic Romance|I told you it would be difficult! If I were you I would just not bother trying these tasks! They are great challenges, clearly too great for you.” said Guya, but there was a certain sparkle in his eye as he said it. “I shall complete your tasks, ” said Yoshiko firmly. “And I’ll be back sooner than you think!” With that he spread his wings to head for Fire School. “Oh and one more thing Guya” Yoshiko added. Perhaps when I return you will be so kind as to stop calling me a little dragon!” As Yoshiko flew off Guya chuckled to himself.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|Every Sunday I nudge Sam in her direction, and he walks to where she is sitting and hugs her. She smells him behind the ears, where he most smells like sweet unwashed new potatoes. This is in fact what I think God may smell like, a young child's slightly dirty neck.
Stephanie Bond, Whole Lotta Trouble|I sat down on the sofa, surrounded by years of coffee rings and sandwich stains. If the police ever did a DNA test on this sofa, it would be ninety per cent disappointment.
Ray Bradbury, Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales|Then, left alone, shivering, I happened to glance up. I stood, I froze, blinking up through the drift, the drift, the silent drift of blinding snow. I saw the high hotel windows, the lights, the shadows.What's it like up there? I thought. Are fires lit? Is it warm as breath? Who are all those people? Are they drinking? Are they happy?Do they even know I'm HERE?
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you can take ten thousand hours and divide it by the number of hours, you can concentrate and devote to repeatedly doing one single thing in a day, you will be amazed how best you will become in that thing after a given number of years.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|[T]he race is long - to finish first, first you must finish.
Mary Robinette Kowel|Looking at the root of a word is much like looking at the roots of a tree. The foundation is important, but even a tree with a strong root can still bear sickly fruit if it is subject to mismanagement
Brandon M. Herbert, Walking Wolf Road|Isn't it funny how the moments that define our lives the most are almost always the smallest? A scattering of almost inconsequential seconds that steer our course; the proverbial butterfly wings which produce the hurricane of our lives. Single sentences, concepts, and choices-especially choices-which make or break who you are, and who you will become.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|COMPETITOR is one who can steal a few deals, but, the pinch of which, A VISIONARY Never feels...!
Harper Lee|If a man says to you, "This is the truth," and you believe him, and you discover what he says is not the truth, you are disappointed and you make sure you will not be caught out by him again. But a man who has lived by the truth-and you have believed in what he has lived-he does not leave you merely wary when he fails you, he leaves you with nothing.
Hillary Clinton|I love my friends and family, but I also love it when they can't find me and I can spend all day reading or walking all alone, in silence, eight thousand miles away from everyone. All alone and unreachable in a foreign country is one my most favorite possible things to be.
John C. Lilly|My philosophy: Don't get caught with a fixed philosophy, a setof safe beliefs, a particular way of life.Experiment! With live, with love.Run an exploration of the real and the true degrees of freedomof life, of love, of the human condition, inside self and in one'sstyle of life.Move! Into new spaces beyond one's present concepts of possible/probable/certain real spaces.Far vaster than I now know are the innermost/outermost realities.Far more interesting than I now feel are the deeps of the space, the beyond within, the infinite without.Love and loving are basic.Hostility is redundant.Fear is non-sense."Death" is a myth.I am I.
Mehmet Murat ildan|However much things have been said in the past, there will be always something new to be said in the future!
Gordon B. Hinckley|In all of living, have much fun and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.
Sawada Tsunayoshi|Just the sight of one another, just the sight of our smiles was enough to fill our hearts with the joy of seeing each other again.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|We don’t know anything about silent sages, buried knowledge, the eye of the mute poet, serene seers, yet how many talkative destroyers, prophets and ideologues, teachers and beautifiers there are on the other side.
Guy Gavriel Kay|She was one of those golden mulatas that French-speaking Caribbeans call chabines, that my boys call chicas de oro; she had snarled, apocalyptic hair, copper eyes, and was one whiteskinned relative away from jaba.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe|Miko: You would stand between me and this evil murderer?Hinjo: I'll stand between any two murderers I wish, thanks.
Jean Hanff Korelitz, Admission|She lacked the sheen of money, muscular good health, good skin, good clothes.
Matt   Thomas|This is life, we look but we don't see,and we hear but we don't learn.
Natalie Standiford|I asked Raghav, as we were looking over the wasteland, if the Muslims they burnt would beg for their lives. "Yes they would say, Have mercy on us. But we were filled with such hate; we had Radhabi Chawl on our minds. And even if there was one who said, Let him go, there would be ten others saying, No kill him. And so we had to kill him. "But what if he was innocent?"Raghav looked at me. "His biggest crime was that he was Muslim.
Thomas Gray, An Elegy Written In A Country Churchyard|In the power of my newfound strength, I saw clearly—even though I’d been empowered to have my old college finally address my “horrific trauma,” make me finally feel heard, this event would never have happened had I not first given myself my own voice, the permission to call my rape rape and not shame. In telling, I forced the school that silenced me, that minimized my trauma, that blamed me for the rape, to finally respect my voice and give me the platform they should have given me in the first place. I did not need the school to call it by its name; I did it myself, and they listened. I was the powerful party that brought the closure and empowerment I’d hoped, in first finding their invitation, that Colorado College would bring.
Mamur Mustapha|[W]e must start from somewhere in current folk morality, otherwise we start from somewhere unintuitive, and that can hardly be a good place to start
Donna Lynn Hope|Steam rising underneath a canopy of whispering, changing aspens; starlight in the clear, dark night, and wondrous beauty in every direction. If only all could feel this way, to be so captured and enthralled with autumn.
J.A. ANUM|Names sound nice because no one peeks behind the cover to see the sad face of a poem crying for meaning, while the name of the creator proudly smiles from the title.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Judges... are picked out from the most dextrous lawyers, who are grown old or lazy, and having been biased all their lives against truth or equity, are under such a fatal necessity of favoring fraud, perjury and oppression, that I have known several of them to refuse a large bribe from the side where justice lay, rather than injure the faculty by doing any thing unbecoming their nature in office.
Avina Celeste|To be loved and to love, takes courage. To be fully seen is incredibly rare and breathtaking. We lower our masks and see a celestial inner being. It is our full self -- the supernova as well as the black holes. Our fears and doubts. Our anger and joy...This is love.
Tom McCarthy|It’s about the possibility, or otherwise, of meaning in the world. And the possibility, or otherwise, of writing. And the possibility, or otherwise, of the resolution of everything into some coherent, cogent vision.
Margaret Atwood, CAT'S EYE.|I have periods now, like normal girls; I too am among the knowing, I too can sit out volleyball games and go to the nurse's for aspirin and waddle along the halls with a pad like a flattened rabbit tail wadded between my legs, sopping with liver-colored blood.
Pankaj Mishra (#iampm)|Below lies the dark core, that great iron ball beneath all things. Its compressed weight is fantastic; it is older than time itself. It is a vestige of the blackness that predates all existence, when a formless universe existed in a state of chaotic un-creation, lacking awareness even of itself.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I'd let him get under my skin, and now he had started to occupy my every thought.
Wynne McLaughlin, The Bone Feud|It’s my belief that all of the greatest tales ever told have been told in saloons. It was in such smoky, heathen-filled den of iniquity that I first heard the tale of the Bone Feud. As with all great tales, it was at its core one hundred percent true. In fact, much of it has long been a matter of historical record. But tales grow in the telling, and I therefore must apologize in advance for any inaccuracies, and beg your indulgence for any romanticized embellishments. I have decided to present the story here, just as it was told to me. I find it entirely too rich and too entertaining to alter, simply to curry favor with pedants and historians.
Preeth Nambiar, The Voyage to Eternity|Are the returns on my journey equal to the length of the road behind me? And if not, have I realized the pressing need to surrender to God the road in front of me?
Desmond Tutu|If you are neutral in times of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Apply expectations appropriately. Do not assume [all] adults are as grown up and mature as they should be, or appear to be.
Betty White|Some men over-tweeze their eyebrows, and it's just too perfect. Men are meant to have kind of a bushy brow. Too much aftershave is also off-putting; it's one of my pet hates.
Deyth Banger, 4 Hours 49 Minutes 19 Seconds|Only those who can see the invisible, can do the impossible.
Jesse Ventura|As I celebrate life, I can't help but think how young my mom was when she died of a heart attack at 53. My mom didn't get to meet her grandchildren, but I'm determined to watch mine grow up.
Robert Moment, How to Overcome the Fear of Public Speaking With Easy to Use Ideas, Tips and Strategies|Injuries, therefore, should be inflicted all at once, that their ill savour being less lasting may the less offend; whereas, benefits should be conferred little by little, that so they may be more fully relished.
Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani|I have way too shady a background to get into politics. I was a crazy kid - I was in bands, and I don't think I'd get very far before people started digging up stuff I didn't want them to see.
Louisa May Alcott, Work: A Story of Experience|She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.
Suzanne  Johnson, Belle Chasse|The brush that is tinder dry from decades of drought, the warming of the earth's climate that sends the storms away north, the hole in the ozone layer. Not punishment, not even justice, but consequence.
Seema Gupta|He left me millions of time, but I am holding him with every breath with same madness
Harry Connick, Jr.|The most impactful place that I've been to where I was just completely awestruck, happy, moved is Victoria Falls between Zambia and Zimbabwe. It is probably the most beautiful and romantic place in the world.
Coriander Woodruff, The Call of the Spectacled Owl|By helping us keep the world in perspective, sleep gives us a chance to refocus on the essence of who we are. And in that place of connection, it is easier for the fears and concerns of the world to drop away.
Kelly    Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough|When you encounter another person, when you have dealings with anyone at all, it is as if a question is being put to you. So you must think, What is the Lord asking of me in this moment, in this situation? If you confront insult or antagonism, your first impulse will be to respond in kind. But if you think, as it were, This is an emissary sent from the Lord, and some benefit is intended for me, first of all the occasion to demonstrate my faithfulness, the chance to show that I do in some small degree participate in the grace that saved me, you are free to act otherwise than as circumstances would seem to dictate. You are free to act by your own lights. You are freed at the same time of the impulse to hate or resent that person.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Conquerors fight their own battles. You are more than a conqueror, that's why the battle was fought on your behalf by Christ. However, it does not mean you should stay idle... Dress up and go to work!
Vishal Antapurkar|A kiss! When all is said, what is a kiss? An oath of allegiance taken in closer proximity, a promise more precise, a seal on a confession, a rose-red dot upon the letter i in loving; a secret which elects the mouth for ear; an instant of eternity murmuring like a bee; balmy communion with a flavor of flowers; a fashion of inhaling each other's hearts, and of tasting, on the brink of the lips, each other's soul!
Frasier Crane|Look here, it's all very tidy and convenient to see the world in black and white,' said the Major, trying to soften his tone slightly. 'It's a particular passion of young men eager to sweep away their dusty elders.' He stopped to organize his thoughts into some statement short enough for a youthful attention span. 'However, philosophical rigidity is usually combined with a complete lack of education or real-world experience, and it is often augmented with strange haircuts and an aversion to bathing. Not in your case, of course—you are very neat.' Abdul Wahid looked confused, which was an improvement over the frown.'You are very strange,' he said. 'Are you saying it is wrong, stupid, to try to live a life of faith?''No, I think it is admirable,' said the Major. 'But I think a life of faith must start with remembering that humility is the first virtue before God.
Karen A. Baquiran|Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
J.B. Cheaney, The Playmaker|And that, I guessed, was the aim of the Lord Chamberlain's Men: to serve up rich helpings of life to their audiences, to introduce them to people they would never otherwise meet, to stretch their minds and heart to fill a greater world.
Sherry Shahan, Skin and Bones|Give me your hand," Alice said, barely a whisper.Bones held out his hand tentatively. She took it and placed it on her heart over her left breast. So small. So delicate. She didn't move. He didn't move. Alice was his life. How could he make her his eternal?"Kiss me," she said.Bones let his hand linger, and then slowly slip away, not wanting her to think he was greedy. He touched her cheek, careful not to poke her in the eye. He wasn't sure what to do with his other hand, so he put it in his pocket. Classic move.He felt stupid for worrying about his breath, knowing it was gross from the wine--and he worried Alice was about to find out how little he knew about kissing--and he wondered if she had condoms in the bag--and imagined himself unrolling one, all suave-like--and realized he was wasting the most amazing moment of his life--and wished his brain would just shut the fuck up.Alice leaned forward. "Now."Bones shuddered. "Okay.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Small Backs of Children|Most people will say that this story which I told "It's not a happy"... doesn't exist, but sorry it exist. I made in normal age, like 10 or 14 years old to can be saw the drama, if it was baybe, the baybe will cry, won't it?The age which I put the girl was the perfect, teenager in the same time, mother which is lost which will mean she has died... her father with a strange past still a mystery.
Simon Cowell|I think it's not really difficult to write about love. We've been saying the same thing over and over for so many years. But it depends on how honest it is and how good you make it feel. You can say 'I love you' in a trillion ways, and it can always sound different or feel different.
Germany Kent|Do not come into agreement with fear. Activate your faith, live in victory, speak over your life and expect great things to come your way.
Adam Sandler|One of the greatest gifts my father gave me - unintentionally - was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity. We had a bit of a rollercoaster life with some really challenging financial periods. He was always unshaken, completely tranquil, the same ebullient, laughing, jovial man.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|These hands elate my life, choke me, broil my bosom, spank me, give fire to my words, my words, mother, my heart beats in my words.
Gérard de Nerval, Selected Writings|Our present state of self-confidence and poise is the result of what we have "experienced" rather than what we have learned intellectually.
Kate Inglis|There is a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune...” ― William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar
Brett Hoebel|Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach.
Michael S. Horton|It is a profound political reality that Christ now occupies the supreme seat of cosmic authority. The kings of this world and all secular governments may ignore this reality, but they cannot undo it. The universe is no democracy. It is a monarchy. God himself has appointed his beloved Son as the preeminent King. Jesus does not rule by referendum, but by divine right. In the future every knee will bow before him, either willingly or unwillingly. Those who refuse to do so will have their knees broken with a rod of iron.
P. J. O'Rourke|I like to think of my behavior in the sixties as a 'learning experience.' Then again, I like to think of anything stupid I've done as a 'learning experience.' It makes me feel less stupid.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|We could call you an ambisexual. A duosexual. A—”“Do I really have to find a word for it?” Kyle interrupts. “Can’t it just be what it is?”“Of course,” I say, even though in the bigger world I’m not so sure. The world loves stupid labels. I wish we got to choose our own.We pause for a moment. I wonder if that’s all—if he just needed to say the truth and have it heard. But then Kyle looks at me with unsure eyes and says, “You see, I don’t know who I’m supposed to be.”“Nobody does,” I assure him.
Paul Oxton|A simple act of kindness and compassion towards a single animal may not mean anything to all creatures, but will mean everything to one.
Kitty French, Knight & Play|Vikrant : "I want to taste honey pot, You are shy, free yourself, like an animal, feel like an animal, they don't know sin. Do they?
Napoleon Hill|Veterans are a symbol of what makes our nation great, and we must never forget all they have done to ensure our freedom.
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|He remounted. “I will ride with you.” With some effort, he gentled his voice. “If that would be agreeable to you.” “How kind of you. Thank you.
Aldous Huxley, Music at Night and Other Essays|After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Max Everhart, Go Go Gato|On a Wednesday morning in mid-June, Eli Sharpe was sitting at his desk treating jetlag with strong coffee when he heard a knock on his apartment door. After a second, more insistent knock, he added a dash of George Dickel to his Folgers and hid the pint in a desk drawer. “It’s open,” he said loudly and stood up to receive his visitor. In walked a tall blonde, her high heels stabbing the scuffed- up hardwoods, her perfume battling the smell of coffee and dust permeating Eli’s six-hundred square foot studio apartment that doubled as a working office. Her perfume won the battle: Light Blue by Dolce & Gabbana. Same scent his third fiancée used to wear.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I will design myself a reputation, in which prospects can place their trust, and customers return to and recommend.
Asghar Farhadi|As for how criticism of Keats' poetry relates to criticism of my own work, I'll leave that for others to decide.
Michael R. Fletcher, Ghosts of Tomorrow|Take the easy road and at the end, you will feel you have achieved nothing. Try the difficult shit and you’ll enjoy your successes.
Thomas Paine, The life and writings of Thomas Paine|The growth of the exploiters' revolution on this continent has been accompanied by the growth of the idea that work is beneath human dignity, particularly any form of hand work. We have made it our overriding ambition to escape work, and as a consequence have debased work until it is only fit to escape from.
Mary Harris Jones|They began work at 5:30 and quit at 7 at night. Children six years old going home to lie on a straw pallet until time to resume work the next morning! I have seen the hair torn out of their heads by the machinery, their scalps torn off, and yet not a single tear was shed, while the poodle dogs were loved and caressed and carried to the seashore.
Jay Woodman|Therefore, perception, which I count as the most wonderful of instruments, has just as little reality as that of my poor senses. However I might conceive of matter, it is always something different from what I understood it to be. But it is not only that I can never completely perceive the essence of matter, but also it's that it has no being. Spray water on a hot oven and it is instantaneously vaporized, if I throw a lump of sugar into a cup of tea it melts. If I break the cup I'm drinking out of, I'll have nothing but shards - but no longer a cup. If, however, being can be turned into not-being with the flip of the wrist, then it is not worth talking about it as being. Not-being, death, is the real essence of all matter, life is only a negation of this essence for an infinitely short span of time. But the thought of the drop of water, or the lump of sugar remains immutable, it can never be broken, vaporated, or melted. So isn't this thought to be spoken of with much greater right as reality, than fluctuating material is? "From The Diary Of An Orange Tree
Gary Bauer|I tend not to trust people who live in very tidy houses. I know that on the surface there is nothing wrong with a person being well-ordered and disciplined. Nothing, except that it leaves the impression of that person having lived in the confines of a stark institution which, although he or she has long since left, remains within.
Mark X., Citations: A Brief Anthology|We are killing, every one of us, every moment of the day - just by living. And if one realizes this, is this very realization itself not a conscious consent to murder? If a truly circumspect Jain was truly serious about not killing anything, wouldn't his only recourse be to kill himself?
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Now I'll Tell You Everything|When you’ve found the right one - when you see him, when you’re with him - you’ll feel like you’re coming home.
Theodore Roosevelt|To all who have known really happy family lives, that is, to all who have known or who have witnessed the greatest happiness which there can be on this earth, it is hardly necessary to say that the highest idea of the family is attainable only where the father and mother stand to each other as lovers and friends. In these homes the children are bound to father and mother by ties of love, respect, and obedience, which are simply strengthened by the fact that they are treated as reasonable beings with rights of their own, and that the rule of the household is changed to suit the changing years, as childhood passes into manhood and womanhood.
P.S. Martinez|Sometimes life can be unexpected. Sometimes things surprise you and all you can do is roll with the punches or let them beat you to a bloody pulp. -Sage Hannigan, Contingency
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|The black clouds and the white clouds,Black means rain White means no rainToday it was different,It rained despite of white clouds.And nobody got wet.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|And I breathe large at home. I drop my cloak,Unclasp my girdle, loose the band that tiesMy hair...now could I but unloose my soul!We are sepulchred alive in this close world,And want more room.
Tim W. Burke, The Flesh Sutra|Instead of speaking of justice and injustice, freedom and oppression, classless society and class society, they talked in terms of God and the Devil.
Dan Ariely|You're the one who has to live with your choice," she says. "Everyone else will get over it, move on, no matter what you decide. But you never will.
Joel N. Ross, The Lost Compass|What are you doing?” I asked Loretta. “Stabbing a cushion,” she told me.
Eileen Wilks, On the Prowl|People always wanted someone to blame, didn't they?
Tom Bodett|There is no fulfillment in things whatsoever. And I think one of the reasons that depression reigns supreme amongst the rich and famous is some of them thought that maybe those things would bring them happiness. But what, in fact, does is having a cause, having a passion. And that's really what gives life's true meaning.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Misery loves good company, so if you are surrounded with drama, gossip and fools you may want to consider that you are presently at risk of becoming one of them.
Ernesto Che Guevara, Che Guevara Reader: Writings on Politics & Revolution|Those——"—here he flung out a terrible oath—"those people don't know what their blind hands are sowing. They will know when our power is complete and we begin to mow down their cursed grass. They'll know it then!
Euginia Herlihy|We need to strive for more than normality because normality brings lack of fruitfulness, lack of growth, lack of increase and lack of success.
Kitty Richards, Ratatouille|You can't change nature, son!""Change IS nature, dad, the part we can influence. And it all starts when we decide.
B.F. Skinner|In a world of complete economic equality, you get and keep the affections you deserve. You can’t buy love with gifts or favors, you can’t hold love by raising an inadequate child, and you can’t be secure in love by serving as a good scrub woman or a good provider.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|It's idealistic, it's for love and gentleness, it's close to nature, it hurts nobody, it's voluntary. I can't see anything wrong with any of that.''Neither can I. The only trouble is, this commune will be inhabited by and surrounded by members of the human race.
Letitia Baldrige|My sister and I - she's a musician - we jam all the time. We always play around for giggles with stuff that seem unconventional or stuff that seems funny. A lot of the stuff sometimes is just a response from jam sessions in her room, so she'll be on the guitar or the keyboard, and we'll just start singing and doing stuff.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage|All she had to do was make the simplest of gestures - open her hands and let go her hold. She lifted one hand and moved the fingers of it; they responded, in surprise and obedience, and this obedience of a thousand little unsuspected muscles was in itself a miracle. Why ask for more?
Terry Eagleton, Why Marx Was Right|It is capitalism, not Marxism, that trades in futures.
H. R. Giger|I only hope that He will let me preach to those who have never heard that name Jesus. What else is worthwhile in this life? I have heard of nothing better. 'Lord, send me!'
Mark Willis|In God's eyes, we're all the same.
Stephen King, It|Moments fly, memories remain; and then memories fly, only memoirs remain and finally memoirs disappear, nothing remains!
Joss Stirling, Stealing Phoenix|Karen shuts the back door and turns to me. “You know I trust you, but please…”“Don’t get pregnant,” I interrupt. “I know, I know. You’ve been saying that every time you leave for the past two years. I’m not getting pregnant, Mom. Only terribly high and cracked out.”She laughs and hugs me. “Good girl. And wasted. Don’t forget to get really wasted.
George Will|I've become convinced that Los Angeles is going to become the next contemporary art capital - no other city has more contemporary gallery space than Los Angeles. We've come into our own, finally.
Brooke Shields|You start to fall in love with characters as you work with them, and anytime that you care about your characters and you realize that you're gonna have to kill them, that fear creeps in. It's sad. It's scary, and it's also sad. Because you like these people.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The problem is not the misunderstanding we have, but the understanding we have missed. We must come to a certain understanding; to understand understanding, we need to understand understanding and we must understand with understanding.
Zia Haider Rahman|You're going to die tomorrow. You're going to die, because I am going to kill you Jimmy
Grant Battersby|[Telzey] took out a pocket edition law library and sat down at the table. She clicked on the library's viewscreen, tapped the clearing and index buttons. Behind the screen, one of the multiple rows of pinhead tapes shifted slightly as the index was flicked into reading position.
Michael Keaton|I've just finished my 20th book this past year and I'm working on my 21st book about the Middle East right now that I'll finish this year. And I get up early in the morning and when I get tired of the computer and tired of doing research, I walk 20 steps out to my woodshop and I either build furniture or paint paintings. I'm an artist too.
MP Mapida|Whether you are 16 or 60, it is never too late to make your life better.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|The days elude them, but they are the ones who witness the sorrows of the night. The wretched, gloomy nights. How they wish they could resolve the unbound grief of the human heart. If only they know what it was looking for. If only unbound joy could be the answer.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is only one Saviour, the Lord JESUS CHRIST.
Gillian Flynn|what are you thinking, Amy? How are you feeling? Who are you? What have we ddone to each other? What will we do?
Sunday Adelaja|You move gropingly, relying on your faith and act by your intuition
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|It is not the hysterical alone for whom the great dash of cold water is good.All who dream life, instead of living it,require some similar shock.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|You'll be back! If you're not, then I'll come and find you. Now, do as I say and go have some fun. I want those eyes to have light in them next time I see you." He turned me around, smacked my arse and sent me on my way.
Debi Mazar|But I am not going to live for ever. And the more I know it, the more amazed I am by being here at all.
Ron Brackin|Hi, you've reached Caitlin! I'm either on the other line or I'm purposely ignoring you. Or maybe Mrs. Mitchell confiscated my phone for texting in class again... Leave a message and if I deem you worthy, or at least hot, I'll call you back. Mwah!
Patrick Overton, The leaning tree: [poems]|When you walk to the edge of all the light you have and take that first step into the darkness of the unknown, you must believe that one of two things will happen. There will be something solid for you to stand upon or you will be taught to fly.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|They (parents) want life to unfold according to what they believe. Most people want that. The last thing they want and need, is somebody (let alone their own child) telling them that their beliefs about life are bullshit / full of holes/ severely flawed.
William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell|According to an original reading of the Constitution and Declaration, the intrusiveness that is an inevitable part of big government is an offense against its people.
Kathryn Magendie, Sweetie|All I wanted to do was go back inside to the library and read a book.I used to spend all my time reading books, or watching television. It was safe. Nobody ever was hurt or teased or looked stupid while reading books or watching television.
Andrew Wyeth|I do an awful lot of thinking and dreaming about things in the past and the future - the timelessness of the rocks and the hills - all the people who have existed there. I prefer winter and fall, when you feel the bone structure of the landscape - the loneliness of it, the dead feeling of winter. Something waits beneath it, the whole story doesn't show.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you appreciate the blessings in life, your soul rejoices.
Lynn Kurland, Princess of the Sword|As long as one egg looks pretty much like another, all the chickens like chicken, and beef beef, the substitution of quantity for quality will go unnoticed by most consumers, but it is becoming increasingly apparent to anyone with an electron microscope or a mass spectrometer that, truly, this is not the same food.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, God Is in the Manger: Reflections on Advent and Christmas|Everytime you do a Good Deed with true intention, your soul grows purer.
James Rozoff, The Association|It's okay that I got sick, I suddenly realize. If Lyme hadn't taken me down so radically, I wouldn't have learned about stillness. I would not have discovered my enormous capacity to endure. I would have not have embraced this deeply contemplative place within my own being.
Isaac D'Israeli|The problem was to sustain at any cost the feeling you had in the theater that you were watching a real person, yes, but an intense condensation of his experience, not simply a realistic series of episodes.
Marianne Moore|Just because somebody says you are not trustworthy, that doesn't mean it is so... CNN's brand equity is built over 37 years doing hard work in very dangerous places... those who rely on CNN trust CNN more than ever.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Whatever genre you deem suitable for your taste – romance, comedy, action, mystery, sci-fi or anything else, make sure it has the plain everyday human kindness.
Seyom Brown|Everything returns and renews itself. The difference now is that the rate of these returns has increased, in both space and time, in an unheard-of fashion. Now my thoughts can circle the globe in minutes. Entire passages of world history are played out in a couple of years.
Anthony Burgess, Earthly Powers|Not only do I believe that it is possible to maintain moral standards without the crutch of religion—but I would argue that it is the only way to achieve true goodness and express real altruism. Free from the constraints of organized religion, a human being is able to express decency from one’s self—as opposed to attempting to appease whatever higher power he or she may believe in.
Sergio Chejfec, The Planets|Then he led her to sit by him on a fallen gum trunk, smooth and white, and he leaned to whisper in her ear. Transferred the secret he and her mother had kept for seventeen years. Waited for the flicker of recognition, the minute shift in expression as she registered what he was telling her. Watched as the bottom fell out of her world and the person she had been vanished in an instant.
Kingfisher Pink, Marley|I'm mad at global warming for all the obvious reasons, but mostly I'm mad at it for ruining Christmas. This time of year is supposed to be about teeth-chattering, cold weather that necessitates coats, scarves, and mittens. Outside there should be see-your-breath air that offers the promise of sidewalks covered in snow, while inside, families drink hot chocolate by a roaring fire, huddled close together with their pets to keep warm.
Isabel Allende|It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead|If his drunkenness had legs, it would be Alexander the Great and conquer the known world. Then it would puke for a week into a solid gold toilet it stole from Zeus's guest room.
Richard Fortey, Trilobite: Eyewitness to Evolution|It is not necessary to be large to be a perfectly good arthropod (or mollusc, come to that).
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|My heart was full of softening showers,I used to swing like this for hours,I did not care for war or death,I was glad to draw my breath.
Sami Abouzid|Every time I listen to my soundtrack anxiety attack one thought coming on my mind is holding you tight and feeling being safe in your arms, you’re my fortune
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|Whether you realize it or not, your ongoing battle with unbelief drives all your sinful thoughts, emotions, desires, and actions.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Living in a spiritual manner, exhibiting a joyous and mindful embrace of the manifold wonders of an earthy existence, enhances life. A person develops spirituality by spending solitary time thinking about the larger issues in life. Scripting a personal philosophy for conducting a person’s life is a spiritual testament. A spiritual person seeks a system of general truths that encoded statement transforms their character.
Alyxandra Harvey, Stolen Away|You were at the party on Friday night, weren't you?" I didn't mentioned I'd followed him into the woods.He leaned back in his chair, his legs sprawled out. His boots nudged the bottom ruffle of my skirt. "Aye."Aye? Seriously? Could he be any hotter?Unless he had been looking for his girlfriend at the party.Not hot."I was supposed to meet my cousin," he elaborated, "but I didn't find her,"Hot again.
Candi Kay, Trusting Lance|Dear God, I love you, Lance,” he whispers when he pulls out of the kiss. "Don't ever leave me.”I look into his eyes, ignoring the water that's starting to turn cool. I take his face in my hands and kiss him softly on his wet lips before responding. His eyes are troubled and it hurts me to see all the doubts and fears looking back at me.“Rick, I'm not going anywhere. I'm yours. Always.
Wilkie Collins, Hide and Seek|You musn't talk of a young lady *belonging* to anybody, as if she was a piece of furniture, or money in the Three per Cent, or something of that sort.
Kenneth Eade, Political Thriller: Unwanted, an American Assassin Story: an assassination, vigilante justice and terrorism thriller|The CIA’s offices in London were no secret to the MI6. In fact, the two agencies were practically kissing cousins.
Yohji Yamamoto, My Dear Bomb|I exist here, now. I'm not much interested in the future. Or, more precisely put, I do not believe in the future. To exaggerate a little, I have no faith that I will still exist tomorrow or the day after. What is more, I absolutely detest retrospection. That dislike is balances only by my desire to make my way back home as quickly as possible.
Hari Parameshwar, Chase of Choices|Everyone not already following their own path would begin to feel dissatisfied with themselves and be forced to make a choice: they would either have to accept an existence beset with disappointment and pain or else come to realise that everyone was born to be happy. Having made their choice, they would have no option but to change, and the great struggle, the Jihad, would begin.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|Dreams are hopeful because they exist as pure possibility. Unlike memories, which are fossils, long dead and buried deep.
Rae Carson, The Girl of Fire and Thorns|Dearest Jessamin,I have not had a letter from you in a month. (You are a terrible daughter.) I blame the slowness of the boats and hate the distance between us. (How could you leave me?)Your cousin Jacabo responded to my inquiries after your well-being with only the vaguest of terms. (I threatened Jacky Boy if he did not update me on your life.) I take this to mean you have seen him regularly and have also forbidden him from updating me on your life in the big city. (Why are you spending your time with him when he is clearly not running in the right circles?)How are your studies? Have you met anyone interesting? (Why have you not given me news of your father?)I suspect you do not write because you have found someone. (Please, please tell me you have found someone.) I know it. (I beg the spirits for it each night.) A mother can feel these things. (I will drag you back to the island and force you into marriage if you do not take care of it yourself.) Please tell me whether he is of a good family and when I can expect happy tidings to share with my friends. (Do not do anything I cannot crow about to the neighbors.) I knew you would not be on your own for long. (Give me grandchildren. Soon.) Dear Henry has asked after you, though, so if you are lonely you know you have many options here. (I pestered Henry until he finally asked after you and took it as a sign he still wishes to marry you.)Write me soon or I will perish for want of daughterly affection. (You are a terrible daughter.)All my love, (All my love,)Mama
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|To be cynical is to be distant. While offering a false intimacy of being "in the know," cynicism actually destroys intimacy. It leads to a creeping bitterness that can deaden and even destroy the spirit...A praying life is just the opposite. It engaged evil. It doesn't take no for an answer. The psalmist was in God's face, hoping, dreaming, asking. Prayer is feisty. Cynicism, on the other hand, merely critiques. It is passive, cocooning itself from the passions of the great cosmic battle we are engaged in. It is without hope.
|Fall in love with being true to yourself, no matter how unpopular it is.
Kia Amazona, The Way It Was Before|If we were in a room full of art, I would stare at her.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A willing soul will keenly go the length, breadth and depth to fulfill the dream.
Amin Maalouf, Leo Africanus|Never hesitate to go far away, beyond all seas, all frontiers, all countries, all beliefs.
Cheryl Reed, Unveiled|In the same way you can find God in the beauty of nature, you can find God in the beauty of the destitute. We're not meant to just admire the trees, we're meant to share life.
Washington Irving|I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor.
Natalie Whipple|It's a harmless breakfast." "Nothing harmless about what he whips up. His parents are chefs, so he's picked up a few tips and anything he makes is beyond yummy." "Uhm, you're not doing a good job talking me out of it,
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|Life is a changing sequence of situations.If you do not change something, something will change you.
Alexander Zalan|Each morning, despite the unknowns, they made their legs move.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|The old Paris is no more (the form of a city changes faster, alas! than a mortal's heart).
Akshay Vasu|Of all the places I have been, your mind is the most beautiful place I have ever seen.
Niall Williams, History of the Rain|You're elegance in a misunderstood form. Crystal quartz in a world of platinum. Oh, my dizzy boy, there's a fire in you that I use to warm my hands on chilly mornings.
Jean Elson, Gross Misbehavior and Wickedness: A Notorious Divorce in Early Twentieth-Century America|If they could not prove adultery or extreme cruelty, Nina's attorneys had an alternate strategy available. Rhode Island was unique in allowing divorce based upon other, more ambiguous grounds, as well...[as] an omnibus clause in the state's legal code authorized divorce based upon..."gross misbehavior and wickedness in either of the parties repugnant to and inconsistent with the marriage contract"...the relative vagueness of the terms "gross misbehavior and wickedness" left room for interpretation by Rhode Island judges. Therefore, it was crucial NIna's attorneys prove she had legitimate standing to file for divorce in Rhode Island.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|After every voyage, we bring with us renewed mind, refreshed soul and new viewpoints on life.
Alice Hoffman, Faithful|Shelby watched the books burn. She wonders if words are pouring down on other people's houses,sad words, like beast and mourn and sorrow and mother.
Umaru Mhd|Accept to die before you live; you shall live free, then accept to live before you die, you shall have a beautiful life
Mark Stephens, Yoga Sequencing: Designing Transformative Yoga Classes|Keep it small. Keep it simple. Give it time. An exercise program such as yoga is a slow process. It is slow by design. But, in order to secure the gains and add to them, you have to keep it up. And guess what, the more you do it, the more your desire to do it grows. It is the same with building core spiritual muscles. You may have a period of intense growth—perhaps some adversity that drives you to your knees and calls forth the blessings of heaven. But to secure those gains, we must continue to invite the Holy Ghost into our lives—daily.
Stephen E. Ambrose, Band of Brothers: E Company, 506th Regiment, 101st Airborne from Normandy to Hitler's Eagle's Nest|I can only control my actions, not their reactions," Senna replied. "But I have to live with both.
Gian Kumar|Self is found in knowledge, devotion and concentration, in integrity, purity, moderation, self-control and intelligence.
James L. Roark, Masters without Slaves: Southern Planters in the Civil War and Reconstruction|It is impossible to get rid of the bondage of slavery, if we do not start acting as free citizens of our country
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is from your time that wealth is produced, it is time that produces results and product.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Christ has no body now on earth but yours, no hands but yours, no feet but yours,Yours are the eyes through which to look out Christ's compassion to the worldYours are the feet with which he is to go about doing good;Yours are the hands with which he is to bless men now.
Anita Diamant, The Red Tent|I thought I could let you goI thought that you could leave and knowThe time we took would fadeBut I’m colder than the bed where we layYou let go if you like, I’ll hold onSay no all you want, I’m not doneBaby, I promise youDid you think I’d let you go?That’s never happening and now you knowTake your time, I’ll waitRegretting every last thing I said
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Always' was a promise! How can you just break the promise?" "Sometimes people don't always understand the promises they're making when they make them," I said.Isaac shot me a look. "Right, of course. But you keep the promise anyway. That's what love is. Love is keeping the promise anyway. Don't you believe in true love?"I didn't answer. I didn't have an answer.But I thought that if true love did exist, that was a pretty good definition of it.
J.V. Constable|No one really wants you, they only want the idea of you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God chose to deliberately venture into and intentionally occupy depths far below and infinitely beyond that which any human has ever descended, and then to raise Himself back up to glory from those horridly dark places. And I pray that we never miss the fact that Christmas is God’s invitation for us to join Him in the rising.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Pleasure” is different from “happiness”. It has its own definition. Pleasure may or may not come from hard work; Pleasure may or may not come from sin; However, happiness is always divine and comes from fulfillment!
Dr. Seuss|The process of self-invention is never-ending; writer, like children, are always growing into their gifts. (Susan Larson in a "Times-Picayune" book review.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|The feel of her skin as she struggled beneath, the life inside, the death without. The breaching of life and death, of survival uncaged inside him: a dark beast with violence and sex in its soul. In his soul.
Jerry B. Brown|The myth is strong, because the need is strong.
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|I might not be ready to pour out my feelings to the world, but I’d had enough of trying to ignore them.
John Willis Zumwalt, Passion for the Heart of God|Because what you and others like you have forgotten or never known is that the responsibility of the strong is to nurture and protect the weak, not take advantage.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Aleph and Other Stories|Emma dropped the paper. Her first impression was of a weak feeling in her stomach and in her knees; then of blind guilt, of unreality, of coldness, of fear; then she wished that it were already the next day. Immediately afterwards she realized that that wish was futile because the death of her father was the only thing that had happened in the world, and it would go on happening endlessly.
Steve Maraboli|You are designed for success. Life's tough, but you are greater than its challenges. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You have a history of victory.So ignore the haters, the doubters, and free yourself from the emotional saboteurs. Don't ever forget that you are beautiful, you are capable, you are worthy... you are enough. Set healthy standards and stick to them. Don't settle. Set healthy goals and follow them. Let your behavior speak the love and passion in your heart. Live life to the fullest... make each day worth remembering... Dream BIG & dare to go for it... Be unapologetically you!
Roman Payne|And so I learned what solitude really was. It was raw material - awesome, malleable,older than men or worlds or water. And it was merciless - for it let a man become precisely what he alone made of himself.
George W. Romney|All along we find that social life - religion, politics, art - reflects the stages reached in the development of the knowledge of self; it shows the social uses made of this knowledge.
Hermann Hesse, Gertrude|What do you do?' she asks, holding out the vest.'What do you do?''What do you do?' she asks, her voice shaking. 'Don't ask me, please. Okay, Clay?''Why not?'She sits on the mattress after I get up. Muriel screams.'Because... I don't know,' she sighs.I look at her and don't feel anything and walk out with my vest.
Blaize Clement, Even Cat Sitters Get the Blues|I pulled the dress out of the bag and held it in front of me. Ella sat up straighter and squinted her eyes, while Michael and Paco made the noises men make when a woman says, “What do you think?” Fathers probably teach those noises to their sons when they’re young—“Stand up when you’re introduced to a lady, use your napkin instead of your sleeve, and make admiring noises when a woman shows you anything, no matter what it is, and asks you what you think about it. Never, never, never say you have no opinion.
John O'Hara, BUtterfield 8|That's the illusion of stillness. There is no secret. Only the implication of one by its possesor".
Misty Paquette / Misty Provencher, Cornerstone|Do you mean disrespectful? Blasphemous?" he asks. " Like Jesus, Jesus, bo-beesus, banana fanana fo-feesus, mo meesus...blasphemous to Jesus?" I just stand there like an idiot, not sure what to say to this strange man. He seems more of a wise guy than a wise man. After all, he just Name-Gamed a Third of the Trinity.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Let no pleasure tempt thee, no profit allure thee, no ambition corrupt thee, to do anything which thou knowest to be evil; so shalt thou always live jollily; for a good conscience is a continual Christmas.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|When you find a way to incorporate your goals and dreams with what you enjoy most, then you have found success!
Anonymous|Buffet: A French word that means "get up and get it yourself."
Alison Grace Johansen|She was so wicked. Such a classic case of resentment and ambivalence bumping and brushing up against all that maternal instinct. The love and hate in her was as vast as space- all meteors, no atmosphere.
Dianna Hardy, Cry Of The Wolf|Women eat ice-cream, men toast marshmallows.
William S. Burroughs, With William Burroughs: A Report From The Bunker|Nobody's busting into YOUR apartment at three in the morning, are they? Well, then don't worry about what they're doing in South Korea and places like that. It's like the standard of living. Are you content to achieve your higher standard of living at the expense of people all over the world who've got a lower standard of living? Most Americans would say yes. Now we ask the question, are you content to enjoy your political freedom at the expense of people who are less free? I think they would also say yes.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Did you like question ten, Moony?" asked Sirius as they emerged into the entrance hall."Loved it," said Lupin briskly. "Give five signs that identify the werewolf. Excellent question.""D'you think you managed to get all the signs?" said James in tones of mock concern."Think I did," said Lupin seriously, as they joined the crowd thronging around the front doors eager to get out into the sunlit grounds. "One: He's sitting on my chair. Two: He's wearing my clothes. Three: His name's Remus Lupin...
Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding Love|I believe with all my heart that the cliches are true, that we are our own best friends and best company, and that if you're not right for yourself, it's impossible to be right for anyone.
Jill Greenberg|I might have been just as happy to have been a practicing primary-care doctor. But as a medical student, I had interacted with patients suffering from neurodegeneration or acute clinical schizophrenia. It left an indelible mark on my memory.
Emery Lord, When We Collided|I know this feeling of being a ghost in your own life - no one sees you, no one feels you, so you stay still as if you could actually disappear at any moment.
Hans Jürgen Eysenck, The Inequality Of Man|Nothing succeeds like success; children who opt out of school have had a continued record of failure, and it would be difficult to blame the children themselves for voting with their feet and playing truant as much as possible. This failure is not necessary; it is imposed on the children by inappropriate methods of teaching which do not take into account the innate patterns of abilities of these children. A return to sanity is long overdue; we must pay close attention to the genetic basis of our children`s abilities.
Amit Kalantri|We are limited by knowledge, not by courage.
William James|In certain diseased conditions consciousness is a mere spark, without memory of the past or thought of the future, and with the present narrowed down to some one simple emotion or sensation of the body.
Graham Greene|As writers we intend to make a difference, to alter people's lives for the greater good. . .this is why we write, to have an impact on society, to put a personal stamp on history. . .Art and literature are the legacies we leave to succeeding generations. We'll be forgotten, but our books and essays, our stories and poems can survive us. . .
Johnny Weir|As I prepare for my second term as Secretary-General, I am thinking hard about how we can meet the expectations of the millions of people who see the U.N.'s blue flag as a banner of hope. We have to continue our life-saving work in peacekeeping, human rights, development and humanitarian relief.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is full of beauty, when we focus on the bliss of being.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|I recently consulted to a therapist who felt he had accomplished something by getting his dissociative client to remain in her ANP throughout her sessions with him. His view reflects the fundamental mistake that untrained therapists tend to make with DID and DDNOS. Although his client was properly diagnosed, he assumed that the ANP should be encouraged to take charge of the other parts at all times. He also expected her to speak for them—in other words, to do their therapy. This denied the other parts the opportunity to reveal their secrets, heal their pain, or correct their childhood-based beliefs about the world.If you were doing family therapy, would it be a good idea to only meet with the father, especially if he had not talked with his children or his spouse in years? Would the other family members feel as if their experiences and feelings mattered?Would they be able to improve their relationships? You must work with the parts who are inside of the system. Directly.
James Patterson|There's no such thing as a kid who hates reading. There are kids who love reading, and kids who are reading the wrong books.
Christopher Pike, Remember Me|This apartment, which you no doubt profanely suppose to be the shop of Will Wimble the undertaker --a man whom we know not, and whose plebeian appellation has never before this night thwarted our royal ears --this apartment, I say, is the Dais-Chamber of our Palace, devoted to the councils of our kingdom, and to other sacred and lofty purposes.
Amitav Chowdhury|Wherever you decide to go, proceed with your mind.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|Now take all these qualities together: order, balance, evolution and intelligence. What you have is a description of love. It's not the popular ideal, it is the wizard's love - the force that upholds life and nurtures it.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Bullet|I tended to be hard on the egos of a certain kind of men. The ones who normally swept women off their feet had never moved me much, because I'd always felt that if they swept me off my feet they'd practiced on a lot of women before me, and would practice more with women after me. I'd rarely been wrong on that. ~Anita Blake
Deepika Kumaaraguru, Ethereal: The Dawn of the Blue|She dropped the things she was holding and desperately grabbed onto the table for support, but not before she hit the dresser directly with her stomach. The collision was hard. She expected pain. She expected to scream out. She expected to curdle up on the floor and whimper in agony.But she didn't.She gasped when she saw that due to the impact, the dresser had a minuscule dent. She didn't even feel the hit.
Haim Shapira, מחשבות לעת לילה|Most people confuse their life situation with their actual life, which is an underlying flow beneath the everyday events.
Pamela Erens|Writing takes a pen, a sheet of paper and, to start with, just the shadow of an idea.
Annie Fisher, The Greater Picture|There is a whole generation of young people just like us wandering around Europe and the rest of the world, trying to find some meaning for why they are alive and what they should choose to do with their time. When Martha leaves and we sit in front of the fire in the living room, I look to Lily until she turns to me and I can see the grief that hides just under the surface of her expression. We are, or at least were, two of those lost souls: wanderers, backpackers, season workers, Wwoofers, Workawayers, travellers: searching the world for something or someplace to hold on to. And we have come home not because we have retired from trying to find answers and are ready to settle into adulthood, but because my death has come upon us fast and unexpected. I am not the first person of this generation of travellers- or any person who lives in this godless, superficial society- to die. But I think that it feels to Lily and to me, my mother too perhaps, that I may very well be.
Gian Kumar|Do you ever feel like this? You're moving through the world, encountering people left and right but there's something not quite present - like you KNOW there's more to them, but it's like they're sleeping. Or closed. And so, somehow, you have to close a little, too. Then you meet someone who side-slides into the room of life and screams, "I'm alive! I'm present! Here I am!" And you think, "There you are! I KNEW you were alive. I've been looking everywhere for you!" And you can tell they're awake. And even if you ended up hating them later, you would love them because they weren't sleeping, and with them you didn't have to sleep, either. I'm pretty sure that's what makes real friends happen.
Anthony Marais|Writing about personal thoughts and observations, subjective feelings and objective reality is a gateway experience that intensifies a person’s level of consciousness. Every degree of increased consciousness can lead to increased knowledge of the world and self-understanding.
Anne Rice|Patroclus, he says, Patroclus. Patroclus. Over and over until it is sound only.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|If you're lonely when he's around, happiest when he's sad, and angry when he's overjoyed, get a new life. Without him.
Sacramento4Kids|Sacrameto4kids understand the need of various activities like dance, music art classes and many others type of fun activities for kids in Sacramento. We provide full of detailed listings of various events and sports places in the sacramento4kida areas.
Kathleen Norris, Dakota: A Spiritual Geography|We are halves, but we make an infinite whole.
Treat Williams|My sisters like cooking at my place. It has a bit more room, and the food tastes a little bit better. A big pot of spaghetti and sauce, some warm French bread - works all the time. I think I've been eating pasta for 26 years.
Ana Tejano, Keep the Faith|But then I remembered that our heartsdidn’t care about logic or time. My heart didn’t play by rules that my mind made up. It didn’t follow silly timelines or measure its feelings based on the number of days it had known someone. No, hearts simply felt, whether you wanted them to or not.
Tess Thompson|She'd not known grief would come in waves, brought on by the smallest of things. Nor had she realized that ordinary acts of living would continue even after the loss of a love and that it would remain possible to get caught up in the moment of a simple pleasure before remembering.
Phylicia Rashad|If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.
C. JoyBell C.|The only problem with her is that she is too perfect. She is bad in a way that entices, and good in a way that comforts. She is mischief but then she is the warmth of home. The dreams of the wild and dangerous but the memories of childhood and gladness. She is perfection. And when given something perfect, it is the nature of man to dedicate his mind to finding something wrong with it and then when he is able to find something wrong with it, he rejoices in his find, and sees only the flaw, becoming blind to everything else! And this is why man is never given anything that is perfect, because when given the imperfect and the ugly, man will dedicate his mind to finding what is good with the imperfect and upon finding one thing good with the extremely flawed, he will only see the one thing good, and no longer see everything that is ugly. And so....man complains to God for having less than what he wants... but this is the only thing that man can handle. Man cannot handle what is perfect. It is the nature of the mortal to rejoice over the one thing that he can proudly say that he found on his own, with no help from another, whether it be a shadow in a perfect diamond, or a faint beautiful reflection in an extremely dull mirror.
Helen Hodgman, Jack and Jill|Jack and Jill slept, wrapped in each other's arms, untroubled by any dream in their cocoon of freshly discovered wrinkly passion.
Michel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences|He's grown into quite the young man since you took him in.""You say that like being a man's a good thing," Nyx said.
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|It's telepathy, over.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Master|Interesting office management skills, kind of a 'violence is not the answer so I'm going to beat the shit out of you philosophy.
Pope Francis|I think television's become a downright dangerous thing. It has no moral barometer whatsoever. If you want to talk about something that is all about money, just watch the television.
Gerald Hausman, The American Storybag|To me, the word wisdom means ancient knowledge. It’s the kind of knowledge you not only see but feel when you look into the eyes of an elephant or stop for a moment to marvel at the deep wrinkles on its skin, both of which I believe contain the truths learned from each intentional step their feet and those of their ancestors have placed upon the earth.
Robert Farrar Capon, The Supper of the Lamb: A Culinary Reflection|Commoditization is the enemy of meaning. In ages dominated by the forces of commoditization, individuals pay the price with devalued lives. by contrast, unique skills requiring mastery and expertise, like the skills of a brain surgeon, are safe from the threat of commoditization.
Sira Masetti|Sometimes great achievements arrive much later than we expect, but they arrive, and they are great.
RVM|People ask – how can I enjoy life when I have problems? You may have problems, but you can still enjoy life and be Happy.
Gail Carriger, Changeless|Witches were a bit like cats. They didn’t much like one another’s company, but they did like to know where all the other witches were, just in case they needed them.
Tsuyoshi Fujitaka, My Big Sister Lives in a Fantasy World: The World's Strongest Little Brother?!|Stop your idiocy, Sandra, please. For once in your death.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Imagine how many new friends you would make, how much new business you could create, and how much fun you could have by simply taking the initiative to be the inviter. Try it today. Welcome new relationships into your life that would never have occurred otherwise.
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|There is a thought among some brands of theology that souls are waiting up in heaven to be born. Now how in the world anybody comes up with that is beyond me, and how you can be so sure of that is also beyond me. I always like to go back to Snoopy's theological writings, which he called, "Has It Ever Occurred to You That You Might Be Wrong." And that's the way I feel. These things fascinate me, and I like to talk about them with other people, and hear what they think. But I'm always a little bit leery of people who are sure that they're right about things that nobody's ever been able to prove, and never will be able to prove.
David Amerland, Google+ Hangouts for Business: How to use Google+ Hangouts to Improve Brand Impact, Build Business and Communicate in Real-Time|Not only are we digital immigrants, we are also media dinosaurs. We enjoy thumbing through glossy magazines, and maybe still subscribe to a daily newspaper. We schedule at least one evening per week around a favorite TV program, created by one of the major television or cable networks. We can name at least one local or national news anchor. And scattered around our homes and offices are veritable graveyards of physical media — old tapes, vinyl records, floppy disks, and magazines — that we insist on keeping, even though we'll probably never use them again.
Baba Tunde Ojo-Olubiyo|I’m relieved to seethat even brilliant physicists make mistakes.”Kohler looked over. “What do you mean?”“Whoever wrote that note made a mistake. That column isn’t Ionic. Ionic columns are uniform in width. That one’s tapered. It’s Doric—the Greek counterpart. A common mistake.”Kohler did not smile. “The author meant it as a joke, Mr. Langdon. Ionic means containing ions—electrically charged particles. Most objects contain them.
Kathryn Holmes|Are we taking the Subaru?”“No. We’ll run.”Running is not part of my plan. Stopping right here is my plan.“I’m not actually supposed to run,” I try to say. “The arm and everything.”“I’m sorry about your arm.”“Really?”He swoops me up as if I weigh nothing, leans me against his chest, and carries me the way grooms are supposed to carry brides over thresholds. He is cold now, away from the fire. He smells of mushrooms. “Are you afraid of heights?”He keeps my good arm against him, and doesn’t even jostle my cast arm. It’s smooth and quick and I don’t have time to ...He sets me down on the rolling ground in a large clearing in the middle of tall pine trees. My breath whooshes out like I’d been holding it.“Oh, that was amazing,” I say before I realize it.“You’re glowing. I thought you hated me.”“I do. But flying? I don’t hate flying. I read this book once where—”“You read?”“Yeah.”“Good. I like philosophy myself. It’s good to have a daughter who reads.”I swallow, shift my weight on my feet. They won’t be able to follow us here; we left no tracks. I can’t believe we flew. “Can all pixies fly? Because I was totally unprepared for that. I mean, I didn’t read that.”“Only ones with royal blood. You can.
Spike Milligan|R.I.P.Tom Conlon O'Rourke.Not Dead, just Sleeping.
Trevor Phillips|Krishna children were taught that in the spiritual world there were no parents, only souls and hence this justified their being kept out of view from others, cloistered in separate buildings and sheltered from the evil material world.
Baruch Spinoza|The formation of society serves not only for defensive purposes, but is also very useful, and, indeed, absolutely necessary, as rendering possible the division of labor. If men did not render mutual assistance to each other, no one would have either the skill or the time to provide for his own sustenance and preservation: for all men are not equally apt for all work, and no one would be capable of preparing all that he individually stood in need of. Strength and time, I repeat, would fail, if every one had in person to plow, to sow, to reap, to grind corn, to cook, to weave, to stitch and perform the other numerous functions required to keep life going; to say nothing of the arts and sciences which are also entirely necessary to the perfection and blessedness of human nature.
Dacha Avelin, Embracing Your Inner Witch: The Maidens Guide to Old World Witchcraft|You are the most powerful tool in your life. Use your energy, your thoughts and your magick wisely!
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I looked not for shooting stars but for fixed ones, and I would try to imagine what kind of life lived in those celestial tidal pools so far from us.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|There's the emotional work that comes with living with someone who's not you and who therefore has different preferences ans styles of communicating. She might prefer to talk for three days straight if that's what it takes to resolve an argument, while you would rather fill your pockets with granite and walk into the ocean.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic|Do you ever just put your arms out and just spin and spin and spin? Well, that's what love is like; everything inside of you tells you to stop before you fall, but for some reason you just keep going.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|She wanted something else, something different, something more. Passion and romance, perhaps, or maybe quiet conversations in candlelit rooms, or perhaps something as simple as not being second.
Benjamin Cardozo|I don't care if you're gay, black, Chinese, straight. That means nothing to me. It's all an illusion.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|That’s the worst part, that so many would not value their own unique abilities, not value themselves, much less respect those who have fought and died so that they could live free to make the choice to surrender that precious right of choice –long with their gift and individuality.”She gripped the blanket in a fist. “I often think that the y deserve everything they’re going to get. I only regret that those of us who value what we have will suffer the same fate. They’re the ones I fight for. The rest of them be damned.”Alex swallowed at the pain so clearly evident in her voice. “We have people like that in our world, too. People who say that freedom is no longer practical, that we must surrender it for a greater common good.”“Fear them,” she whispered. “They are the heart of evil. They tolerate tyranny, excuse it, compromise with it. In doing so they always bring savagery and death upon the rest of us.
Johnathan Jena|Even those afraid of the dark must live through half of each day as night, to come to see the beauty in each.
Emma Thompson, The Sense and Sensibility Screenplay and Diaries: Bringing Jane Austen's Novel to Film|Our first point of discussion is the hunt. (...) My idea is to start the film with an image of the vixen locked out of her lair which has been plugged up. Her terror as she's pursued across the country. This is a big deal. It means training a fox from birth or dressing up a dog to look like a fox. Or hiring David Attenbrorough, who probably knows a few foxes well enough to ask a favour.
Clare Carlisle|I think of the horizon at midnight, the sky and sea blurring together.
Erin Kellison, Scrape|Dash shoved his hands on his hips and looked down into the bowl. ‘You gave my fish pink rocks?’ he said as he turned to face her.Joy shrugged. ‘I didn’t really look at the colour I just grabbed the nearest bag.’‘It had to be pink?’‘There’s some blue as well.’He looked into the bowl again. ‘Not really.’Joy couldn’t believe she was having a conversation about pink rocks when the bigger question of what the hell he’d found out about the robberies was still unanswered. ‘You think it’s going to turn Ralph gay?’ she asked sweetly. ‘Given that he’s living his life out solo it’s kind of a moot question, don’t you think?’‘You’re right, I think he needs a girlfriend. Or a boyfriend.’‘With those rocks? I think he needs Fishtank Barbie in there.’‘Is your masculinity threatened because your fish has pink rocks?’Dash folded his arms. ‘He’s a bloke. He doesn’t do pink.’Joy glanced at the bowl. ‘It works,’ she said. ‘It...blends.’‘He’s orange,’ Dash said. ‘Since when have pink and orange gone together?
Michael  Grant, Lies|Where’s Dekka?” Astrid asked.“In the basement,” Edilio said. “She kept going for a long time. Her and Orc and Jack. But she’s sick. Tired and sick. And she got a bad burn on one hand. That was it for her. I made her go to Dahra. Lana will…you know, when she’s done with…Man, I’m sorry,” he said as he began crying again. “I can’t be digging graves. Someone else has to do that, okay? I can’t do that anymore.
Ian Fleming, The Spy Who Loved Me|I would stay away from him and leave him to go his own road where there would be other women, countless other women, who would probably give him as much physical pleasure as he had had with me. I wouldn’t care, or at least I told myself that I wouldn’t care, because none of them would ever own him—own any larger piece of him than I now did.
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|His books commingled democratically, united under the all-inclusive flag of Literature. Some were vertical, some horizontal, and some actually placed behind others. Mine were balkanized by nationality and subject matter.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Cram them full of non-combustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they’ll feel they’re thinking, they’ll get a sense of motion without moving. And they’ll be happy, because facts of that sort don’t change. Don’t give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy.
Ellen J. Barrier|Imperfect parenting does not cause addiction. If that were so, everyone would be one.
E.M. Forster|The novelist defines the story with the following example: If you are told that the king died and then the queen died, that is a sequence of events. If you were told that the king died and then the queen died of grief, that is a story that he was interested.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Love is like a plant...; some are planted, while other are germinated...!
John Daniel Thieme, the ghost dancers|beneath the stars that drift; she sighed and said "Every tale of a love can only be a tale of ghosts that linger in these spaces wecan never hold,"—as the wind gave echo
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|Words are but symbols for the relations of things to one another and to us; nowhere do they touch upon absolute truth.... Through words and concepts we shall never reach beyond the wall off relations, to some sort of fabulous primal ground of things.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|It's all in the view. That's what I mean about forever, too. For any one of us our forever could end in an hour, or a hundred years from now. You never know for sure, so you'd better make every second count.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam and Secularism|Ibn Ata' Allah said: "God may open up for you the gates of obedience, but without opening up for you the gates of acceptance. On the other hand, He may Allow you to fall into disobedience which happens to lead you to the right path. DISOBEDIENCE that teaches you HUMILITY is better than PIETY that fills you with VANITY and ARROGANCE.
Avijeet Das|There was something in her eyes! Her eyes were expressive and from the first day that they met, they spoke to him a million things! He could know which night she had cried, which night she had slept peacefully and which night of hers had been spent in complete sleeplessness.
Nancy Friday|Over this August district work period, like many of my colleagues, I spent a lot of time with the men and women in uniform from my home State. The 196th Field Artillery Brigade just got back from a year in Afghanistan.
Elizabeth May, The Falconer|I was twelve. You were girls, and therefore an entirely different species.
Ben Hogan|If I was invincible, maybe I would take up some extreme sports.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Polygamy is about sex, whereas monogamy is about love.
Debasish Mridha|Have an intention, take action, and then learn on the way to success.
Anonymous|I believe books are life's best gifts, as they allow us to venture into worlds we never thought existed. Giving us a chance to be someone different, giving us the chance to dawdle in the words - And feel free!
Donald Glover|But this is Miami, you can't come to Miami and not show any skin. You gotta show something. If you're all covered up in this heat, you're gonna make me pass out out just to look at you. It's sweaty in Miami-but the diamonds will keep me cool.
Fela Durotoye|A nation is not defined by its borders or the boundaries of its land mass Rather, a nation is defined by adverse people who have been unified by a cause and a value system and who are committed to a vision for the type of society they wish to live in and give to the future generations to come.
Lou Gaglia, Sure Things & Last Chances|Beauty is looking backward and urging forward, and trying desperately to pay attention to the now.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Renunciation is not rejecting the family but accepting the whole world as family. Renunciation is not changing the name or dress. It is changing the attitude towards life. Renunciation is not removing the hairs form the head. It is eliminating the negative thoughts from the mind. Renunciation is not running away from responsibility, doership or fruits of action but it is focusing on the fruits and actions that will bring happiness to the whole world. Renunciation is the ultimate compassion and ultimate forgiveness.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Amren,” Rhys drawled, “sends her regards. And as for this one … ” I tried not to flinch away from meeting his stare. “She’s mine,” he said quietly, but viciously enough that Devlon and his warriors nearby heard. “And if any of you lay a hand on her, you lose that hand. And then you lose your head.” I tried not to shiver, as Cassian and Mor showed no reaction at all. “And once Feyre is done killing you,” Rhys smirked, “then I’ll grind your bones to dust.
Edith Pargeter, A Bloody Field by Shrewsbury|A dead eagle he might have buried, but he had chosen rather to light a fire for a phoenix.
Douglas Edwards, I'm Feeling Lucky: The Confessions of Google Employee Number 59|Troy sat down next to Sherri, examining her tray. "Are you going to eat that?" he asked. "I know what went in there." He smiled, looking mysterious. Troy's mother worked in the cafeteria.Sherri immediately dropped the turkey roll.
Martina Cole, Close|He had found many years ago before that if you kept very quiet people filled in the silences themselves,offering more information than they had originally intended to give.
Debasish Mridha|What you expect, it will happen.
Paul Epworth|Unfortunately, sometimes the fans forget who puts the money and passion into the club. It's funny, but when you win, it's the coach and the players who are responsible, but when you lose, it's the owner's fault; but that's football.
litymunshi|men thinks women are stupid about finance ,about science and politics. otherwise they think themselves super intelligent. no . I am not saying this from hate or anger ,I am saying this because I have seen such persons around me . if a woman weak in finance ,with a limited budget how they manage households ? or in crisis come up with reserved fund ? they understand loan ,as equal overdraft ,they understand where her signature can protect her respect where might insult . they just pretend to be stupid much time ,that their loved one may feel safe and can be relaxed that their tricks are still unknown . funny . like let them win
J.S. Mill|If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind. Were an opinion a personal possession of no value except to the owner, if to be obstructed in the enjoyment of it were simply a private injury, it would make some difference whether the injury was inflicted only on a few persons or on many. But the peculiar evil of silencing the expression of an opinion is that it is robbing the human race, posterity as well as the existing generation-- those who dissent from the opinion, still more than those who hold it.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|History has a way of chasing gravity just like water, feeding into other parts of itself to become something else, something larger and grander, until the one pure thing it was no longer exists.
Robert Owen|All the world is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn|All my life, he said, I been witness to people showin up where they was supposed to be at various times after they'd said they'd be there. I never heard one yet that didnt have a reason for it.Yessir.But there aint but one reason.Yessir.You know what it is?No sir.It's that their word's no good. That's the only reason there ever was or ever will be.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more you learn, the more you want to learn.
James Joyce, Pyhä, rivo rakkaus – Kirjeitä Noralle|You ask me why I don’t love you, but surely you must believe I am very fond of you and if to desire to possess a person wholly, to admire and honour that person deeply, and to seek to secure that person’s happiness in every way is to “love” then perhaps my affection for you is a kind of love. I will tell you this that your soul seems to me to be the most beautiful and simple soul in the world and it may be because I am so conscious of this when I look at you that my love or affection for you loses much of its violence.
Tonya Sheridan|I'd just like to reiterate that intuition and feeling are two different things. "Feeling" describes the product of emotions while "intuition" describes a honed internal skill of knowing. While feelings will change as emotions come and go; intuition is a description of a known truth whether or not tangible to logic or reason, at the moment.
