Allan Folsom, The Day After Tomorrow|Lifting the pillow, he brought out kanarack's gun and hefted it in his hand. Tipping it toward him, he saw the hole where death came out. It looked easy. Even seductive. The Simplest way of all. No more fear of the police, or of the tall man. Best of all, his pain would be instantly gone. He Wondered why he hadn't thought of it before.
Keith Urban|Sometimes it's not always about what you can see or hear but what's under the hood of a game that's most impressive. Between those thousands and thousands of lines of code, magic happens. Sometimes the most amazing feats of gaming wizardry happen without you even noticing.
George R.R. Martin, Dying of the Light|The Great Wall of China, the Berlin Wall, the walls surrounding a medieval castle: obsolete walls evoke nostalgia. Make your walls obsolete.
Heather Brewer, First Kill|Little girls are the nicest things that can happen to people. They are born with a bit of angel-shine about them, and though it wears thin sometimes, there is always enough left to lasso your heart—even when they are sitting in the mud, or crying temperamental tears, or parading up the street in Mother’s best clothes.A little girl can be sweeter (and badder) oftener than anyone else in the world. She can jitter around, and stomp, and make funny noises that frazzle your nerves, yet just when you open your mouth, she stands there demure with that special look in her eyes. A girl is Innocence playing in the mud, Beauty standing on its head, and Motherhood dragging a doll by the foot.God borrows from many creatures to make a little girl. He uses the song of a bird, the squeal of a pig, the stubbornness of a mule, the antics of a monkey, the spryness of a grasshopper, the curiosity of a cat, the speed of a gazelle, the slyness of a fox, the softness of a kitten, and to top it all off He adds the mysterious mind of a woman.A little girl likes new shoes, party dresses, small animals, first grade, noisemakers, the girl next door, dolls, make-believe, dancing lessons, ice cream, kitchens, coloring books, make-up, cans of water, going visiting, tea parties, and one boy. She doesn’t care so much for visitors, boys in general, large dogs, hand-me-downs, straight chairs, vegetables, snowsuits, or staying in the front yard.She is loudest when you are thinking, the prettiest when she has provoked you, the busiest at bedtime, the quietest when you want to show her off, and the most flirtatious when she absolutely must not get the best of you again. Who else can cause you more grief, joy, irritation, satisfaction, embarrassment, and genuine delight than this combination of Eve, Salome, and Florence Nightingale.She can muss up your home, your hair, and your dignity—spend your money, your time, and your patience—and just when your temper is ready to crack, her sunshine peeks through and you’ve lost again. Yes, she is a nerve-wracking nuisance, just a noisy bundle of mischief. But when your dreams tumble down and the world is a mess—when it seems you are pretty much of a fool after all—she can make you a king when she climbs on your knee and whispers, "I love you best of all!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Who's Kreacher?""The house-elf who lives here," said Ron. "Nutter. Never met one like him.""He is not a nutter," said Hermione."His life's ambition is to have his head cut off and stuck up on a plaque like his mother", said Ron. "Is that normal, Hermione?
Camille Claudel|Through persistent dedication, Susan B. Anthony, and other remarkable leaders, women were finally granted the right to vote in 1920.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|I just gave them a little scare. A touch of psychological terror. As Joseph Conrad once wrote, true terror is the kind that men feel towards their imagination. (from Super-frog Saves Tokyo)
Scott Derrickson|In my experience as CEO, I found that the most important decisions tested my courage far more than my intelligence.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|Ronan said, "I'm always straight."Adam replied "Oh, man, that's the biggest lie you've ever told.
Leanne Davis, The Other Sister|Don’t you understand that freedom depends upon the continuing possibility of rebel violence. When violence becomes unthinkable, freedom dies…
Morgan Rhodes|Later, they also found a camp of outlaws who, when offered the chance to join the rebel ranks, unsheathed their daggers and threatened to cut the three into tiny, bloody pieces and eat them for dinner. They too that as a firm no.
Brandi Gillilan, Wicked Fairy Tales: The Curvy Collection|The man fed every carnal fantasy she possessed. He sat her lustful appetites before an array of the finest of delicacies, ordered them to feast, then commanded, “Don’t swallow.
Rupert Murdoch|Today's misery is real unemployment, home foreclosures and bankruptcies. This is the Obama Misery Index and its at a record high. Its going to take more than new rhetoric to put Americans back to work - its going to take a new president.
Aristotle, The Rhetoric & The Poetics of Aristotle|Kvothe continued, smiling himself “I see you laugh. Very well, for simplicity’s sake, let us assume I am the center of creation. In doing this, let us pass over innumerable boring stories: the rise and fall of empires, sagas of heroism, ballads of tragic love. Let us hurry forward to the only tale of any real importance.” His smile broadened. “Mine.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Sitting to think of what to write will only set your ass on fire, give you headache, twist your face to look stupid, instead, walk around with a blank mind and something from somewhere will fill it up.
Anonymous|Just when the butterfly thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.
Tim Huelskamp|I have this blanket thing about giving parenting advice to parents, and that's: 'Don't take other people's advice on parenting.'
Nicole Deese, A Season to Love|How many paths had I avoided in life? How many times had I been content to stop at "close enough"--too afraid to push ahead? Too afraid to let go?Too afraid to give up . . . control.
David Attenborough|I don’t know [why we're here]. People sometimes say to me, ‘Why don’t you admit that the humming bird, the butterfly, the Bird of Paradise are proof of the wonderful things produced by Creation?’ And I always say, well, when you say that, you’ve also got to think of a little boy sitting on a river bank, like here, in West Africa, that’s got a little worm, a living organism, in his eye and boring through the eyeball and is slowly turning him blind. The Creator God that you believe in, presumably, also made that little worm. Now I personally find that difficult to accommodate…
Jonathan Heatt|The harder you work, the more you produce, the more you create, the more you will be rejected. By people who never created shit.
Dexter Fletcher|Architecture is a discourse; everything is a discourse. Fashion discourse is actually a micro-discourse, because it's centered around the body. It is the most rapidly developing form of discourse.
Stephen Richards|When working with the Universal Laws you are working with the laws of manifestation, not instant gratification ...
Virginia Alison|Knowing when you should weigh up your options, remain calm and not take everything at face value has certain benefitsEnding the day with with a peaceful soul is one...
Quentin Crisp|The search for a life-style involves a journey to the interior. This is not altogether a pleasant experience, because you not only have to take stock of what you consider your assets but you also have to take a long look at what your friends call “the trouble with you.” Nevertheless, the journey is worth making.
Kevin Brooks|Why shine, when there's nothing to shine on?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|He did not know or care whether they were wizards or Muggles, friends or foes; all he cared about was that a dark stain was spreading across Dobby's front, and that he had stretched out his thin arms to Harry with a look of supplication. Harry caught him and laid him sideways on the cool grass."Dobby, no, don't die, don't die -"The elf's eyes found him, and his lips trembled with the effort to form words."Harry...Potter..."And then with a little shudder the elf became quite still, and his eyes were nothing more than great glassy orbs, sprinkled with light from the stars they could not see.
Sylvia Brownrigg, Pages for You|A heartfire, Clementine my darlin', is when you want someone, when you need her so damn bad, not only in your bed but in your life, that you're willin' to burn--".
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce|'Easter' is a movable event, calculated by the relative positions of sun and moon, an impossible way of fixing year by year the anniversary of a historical event, but a very natural and indeed inevitable way of calculating a solar festival. These changing dates do not point to the history of a man, but to the hero of a solar myth.
Hilary Mantel - Bring Up the Bodies|The things you think are the disasters in your life are not the disasters really. Almost anything can be turned around: out of every ditch, a path, if you can only see it.
Daryl L.Cobabe.|When we learn to accept, appreciate and love others for being different is when we will find peace, joy and happiness.
Robert Burns|My love is like a red, red rose That's newly sprung in June: My love is like the melody That's sweetly played in tune. How fair art thou, my bonnie lass, So deep in love am I; And I will love thee still, my dear, Till all the seas gang dry. Till all the seas gang dry, my dear, And the rocks melt with the sun;I will love thee still, my dear, While the sands of life shall run. And fare thee weel, my only love. And fare thee weel awhile! And I will come again, my love, Though it were ten thousand mile.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|We have such numerous interests in our lives that it is not uncommon, on a single occasion, for the foundations of a happiness that does not yet exist to be laid down alongside the intensification of a grief from which we are still suffering.
Anthony Anaxagorou|Rebellion is when you look society in the face and say I understand who you want me to be, but I’m going to show you who I actually am.
Brenda Lee|As a youngster, when I was active in church, I had a lot of fun choosing and hanging massive stars and making the cribs. I was also very involved in the Christmas plays, though not as an actor, but I took joy in setting up the props.
Elena Ferrante|Don't be timid. You're a writer, use your role, test it, make something of it. These are decisive times, everything is turning upside down. Participate, be present.
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|Is Sexandchatonline.com Good Website to Meet Women for Dating?Meet Women for Dating Using Online Sexandchat Websites in WorldMost People question sexandchatonline.com is good website to meet women or not. Yes this is only website that you can meet hot women looking for sex near your local area. Here any one meet women seeking men for dating, sex or hookup today. This is not only sex and chat website hear you can meet any type of dating partner, affair with married women. Free sex website to meet your love in just only few easy steps.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|For the righteous, the revelation is a joyous event, the realization of a divine truth. But for the wicked, revelations can be far more terrifying, when dark secrets are exposed and sinners are punished for their trespasses.
Emily Arden|I`m the second sexist person, one behind you.
Joseph Priestley|Democracy means not "I am as good as you are " but "You are as good as I am."
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|You will follow me, if we are what we are, you and I, if we live, if the world exists, if you know the meaning of this moment and can't let it slip by, as others let it slip, into the senselessness of the unwilled and unreached.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|He held up a book then. “I'm going to read it to you for relax.”“Does it have any sports in it?”“Fencing. Fighting. Torture. Poison. True Love. Hate. Revenge. Giants. Hunters. Bad men. Good men. Beautifulest Ladies. Snakes. Spiders... Pain. Death. Brave men. Cowardly men. Strongest men. Chases. Escapes. Lies. Truths. Passion. Miracles.”“Sounds okay,” I said and I kind of closed my eyes.
Nico J. Genes, Magnetic Reverie|Who are you?” I asked.“Are we playing that game again?” she asked me with a nice smile. “Lana, sorry to disappoint you, but I really am in a hurry, so I will have to take a rain check on this. We can play later this evening, if you don’t mind!”“What game? I really mean it, who are you and why am I here?” I must have looked like I had really freaked out, and for a moment, she looked at me seriously. But then, she gave me another nice smile and kissed me on my cheek and said “Really babe, as much as I appreciate your playful morning mood, I really don’t have time now. I have a big job interview today, remember?
Dalai Lama XIV, Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama|Cats like keyboards, people like to explore and to discover new mysteries.
Seraphim Rose|When we find out Who He (Jesus) is, then we find out who we are and it forever settles what we believe.
Bob Nelson|Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state an intolerable one.
A.E.H. Veenman|Ever since we’d found Wilson, his cousin’s calmness bothered me. I realized now I felt less unease with angry outbursts from grieving relatives, than I had with the slow, ticking time bomb of the quiet and collected.--Prepped for Kill, Marjorie Gardens Mystery Book 2
Stebby Julionatan|Many want to live long, and ignore pangs of eternity.
Roberta M. Gilbert, Extraordinary Relationships|People frequently point to communication as a problem, because its easy to notice, but usually it is a symptom of an underlying problem with a relationship posture.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|The neocortex is not like a computer, parallel or otherwise. Instead of computing answers to problems the neocortex uses stored memories to solve problems and produce behavior.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Nothing gives a sadder sense of decay than this loss or suspension of the power to deal with unaccustomed things, and to keep up with the swiftness of the passing moment. [Speaking of self-posed isolation in old age.]
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|Joel Kotkin, a professor of urban development, argued in the daily beast that the power of the single voter is destined to fade, since single people "Have no heirs," while their religious, conservative, counterparts will repopulate the nation with children who will replicate their parents politics, ensuring that "conservative, more familial-oriented values inevitably prevail." Kotkin's error, of course, is both in assuming that unmarried people do not reproduce -- in fact, they are doing so in ever greater numbers -- but also in failing to consider whence the gravitation away from married norms derived. A move toward independent life did not simply emerge from the clamshell: it was born of generations of dissatisfaction with the inequalities of religious, conservative, social practice.
Adam Grant|For the absolute avoidance of doubt, my leadership will be about unity, drawing on all the talents - with women representing half of the shadow cabinet - and working together at every level of the party.
Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1949-2001 Presidential Executive Orders from Truman to Clinton and George W. Bush|shot through the heart, and you're to blame! you give love, a bad name.
Friedrich Reck-Malleczewen, Diary of a Man in Despair|I have hated you in every hour that has gone by, I hate you so that I would happily give my life for your death, and happily go to my own doom if only I could witness yours, take you with me into the depths. When I let this hate free, I am almost overcome by it, but I cannot change this and do not really know how it could be otherwise. Let no one deprecate this, nor fool himself about the power of such hatred. Hate drives to reality. Hate is the father of the action. The way out of our defiled and desecrated house is through the command to hate Satan. Only so will be earn the right to search in the darkness for the way of love.In our hatred, we are like bees who must pay with their lives for the use of their stingers.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Next time you say "I have nothing incommon with this person," remember that you have a great deal in common: A few yearsfrom now - two years or seventy years, it doesn't make much difference - both of you willhave become rotting corpses, then piles of dust, then nothing at all. This is a sobering andhumbling realization that leaves little room for pride. Is this a negative thought? No, it is a fact. Why close your eyes to it? In that sense, there is total equality between you and everyother creature.
Jim Shepard|You get lonely, is what it is. A person's not supposed to go through life with absolutely nobody. It's not normal. The longer you go by yourself the weirder you get, and the weirder you get the longer you go by yourself. It's a loop and you gotta do something to get out of it.
Michelle Zink, Prophecy of the Sisters|Perhaps because it seems so appropriate, I don't notice the rain. It falls in sheets, a blanket of silvery thread rushing to the hard almost-winter ground. Still, I stand without moving at the side of the coffin.
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|Muddled minds read him, and found themselves moving with delight in a world of clarity.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?
Christie Cote, Rain|Kyle must have seen my panic, because when I looked up at him again, his jacket and shirt were off and he was handing me his shirt. The sight of him with no shirt on hit me. Holy hell, what was he doing?
Megan Chance, The Spiritualist|If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You have to do some thinking and know who you are, and then you have to resist compromising your truth for the comfort of others.
William Kennett, Little Book of Destiny|With a sincere heart and a gifted spirit, William penetrates the souls realm so as to assist those who seek his guidance to move closer to filling their destiny.
Leonard J. Arrington, Brigham Young: American Moses|The word 'religion' has acquired a very bad name among those who really love truth, justice, charity. It also exhales the musty odor of sanctimony and falsehood.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|The human world is full of weak-minded people, who think they're as clever as can be and are convinced that it's terribly important to persuade even the children that Fanstastica doesn't exist.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Life is not something that "has" meaning. It's something we give meaning to. You don't "end up" with a meaningful life, you create it.
Kelley Armstrong, Dime Store Magic|As my hair fell free, Cortez entwined his fingers in it and kissed me even harder. Then he slipped one hand from my hair and snapped his fingers over our heads. The lights went out.
Alessandra Torre|Being a writer all boils down to this: It's you, in a chair, staring at a page. And you're either going to stay in that chair until words are written, or you're going to give up and walk away. The great writers have to fight for their words. They have to choose to write, choose words over distractions, and their characters over their friends. Great writers can be lonely, exhausted souls. But through our characters, we live.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Exactly what are you wanting to teach your children? -How to love and care for themselves, or how to neglect and abandon themselves? Self-sarifice is NOT setting a good example.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|There is nothing in the world, I venture to say, that would so effectively help one to survive even the worst conditions as the knowledge that there is a meaning in one's life. There is much wisdom in the words of Nietzsche: "He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how
Katherine McIntyre, By the Sea|If you’re supposed to work with someone, I’d recommend not getting all hot and bothered with them the night before. The word of the day was “tense.
Arthur Hugh Clough, The Poems of Arthur Hugh Clough|I didn't wave my daisy. I felt small, the way an ant must feel looking up at a field of wildflowers. I was nothing. I was trapped below flowers, buried under them, while girls like Lizzie Lovett danced overhead. That was life. We all have a place.
Rebecca West, Black Lamb and Grey Falcon|The word “idiot” comes from a Greek root meaning private person. Idiocy is the female defect: intent on their private lives, women follow their fate through a darkness deep as that cast by malformed cells in the brain. It is no worse than the male defect, which is lunacy: men are so obsessed by public affairs that they see the world as by moonlight, which shows the outlines of every object but not the details indicative of their nature.
Peter Sellers|There is no me. I do not exist. There used to be a me, but I had it surgically removed
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Marriage is not 50-50. Divorce is 50-50. Marriage has to be 100-100. It isn't dividing everything in half, but giving everything you've got!
J.D. Tyler, Primal Law|Because the perfect moment can never be improved, and should be remembered, cherished, just the way it was. Like every moment I spend in your arms.
Slavoj Žižek|€7,500, first-class, everything—and all that for 40 minutes selling them some old stuff.
Kurt Cobain|I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
Linda Hogan|There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story.
Alison Evans, Ida|In the Somali culture many things go unsaid: how we love, who we love and why we love that way. I don't know why Suldana loves the way she does. I don't know why she loves who she does. But I do know that by respecting her privacy I am letting her dream in a way that my generation was not capable of. I'm letting her reach for something neither one of us can articulate.
Natsuki Kizu, リンクス [Links]|I like cats as much as the next person, in the right quantity.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every time a war ends, under a beautiful sun, on the face of a crying child; I see a rainbow of hope over the innocent teardrops.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders inform, inspire and improve people. They educate, empower and enrich the value of their followers. They make impacts.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|After two or three stanzas and several images by which he was himself astonished, his work took possession of him and he experienced the approach of what is called inspiration. At such moments the correlation of the forces controlling the artist is, as it were, stood on its head. The ascendancy is no longer with the artist or the state of mind which he is trying to express, but with language, his instrument of expression. Language, the home and dwelling of beauty and meaning, itself begins to think and speak for man and turns wholly into music, not in the sense of outward, audible sounds but by virtue of the power and momentum of its inward flow. Then, like the current of a mighty river polishing stones and turning wheels by its very movement, the flow of speech creates in passing, by the force of its own laws, rhyme and rhythm and countless other forms and formations, still more important and until now undiscovered, unconsidered and unnamed.At such moments Yury felt that the main part of his work was not being done by him but by something which was above him and controlling him: the thought and poetry of the world as it was at that moment and as it would be in the future. He was controlled by the next step it was to take in the order of its historical development; and he felt himself to be only the pretext and the pivot setting it in motion....In deciphering these scribbles he went through the usual disappointments. Last night these rough passages had astonished him and moved him to tears by certain unexpectedly successful lines. Now, on re-reading these very lines, he was saddened to find that they were strained and glaringly far-fetched.
Jim Capaldi|With myself, how to pass time becomes sometimes the question - unavoidably, though it strikes me as a thing unspeakably sad in a life so short as ours.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of Prayer™ to Change Your Marriage|Destructive behavior—or simply behavior that constantly annoys your spouse to the point of desperation—is not right, and there will always be a serious consequence for it in your marriage and personal life. But every attempt you make to rid yourself of that behavior and do what’s right will bring reward.Today, ask God to help break any bad habits that you or your spouse may have.
Garry Douglas Kilworth|He had a book to finish. Ten-thousand words. The other ninety thousand had been difficult. This last tenth seemed impossible. His plot had become derailed. He was unable to see his way through the smoke and coke dust of a mythical railway track that should stretch ahead. Yes, the characters were there, good and solid. Indeed, the story's engine was strong and had shunted yet forward and forward, with only one or two sharp halts. But six weeks ago he met the bumpers. R. was now stuck in a deserted station, his progress blocked. ("Out Back")
Billy Marshall Stoneking|Stories are like catechisms, but they're catechisms for your impulses, they're catechisms with flesh on.
京|that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That's the world's greatest lie.
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|He looked at Ghastly. "Thoughts?""I want to kill Sanguine," was the first thing Ghastly said. "And I want to do it slowly, in front of a lot of people. Using a hammer."Skulduggery nodded. "Very healthy.
George Orwell, Selected Essays|Thus, Dr. Curry's claims that much of the fanfare and propaganda we now attribute to the Hitler Youth and the Nuremberg rallies actually originated with American customs, are definitely sound.
Charles   Williams, The Hot Spot|This was different, spontaneous, unrestricted. This was what dancing was supposed to feel like - like freedom.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|When prayer, rituals and ascetic life are just a means of self-indulgence, they are harmful rather than beneficial.
Robert Macfarlane, Landmarks|The word "landmark" is from the old English "landmearc", meaning 'an object in the landscape which, by its conspicuousness, serves as a guide in the direction of one's course.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|And it’s Johnson, Johnson with the Quaffle, what a player that girl is, I’ve been saying it for years but she still won’t go out with me —''JORDAN!' yelled Professor McGonagall.'Just a fun fact, Professor, adds a bit of interest —
Michele E. Gwynn, Exposed:  The Education of Sarah Brown|I once had a substitute teacher in my 4th grade class that was wonderful. He said learning was like throwing mud on a wall. Some will stick, and some will fall off. But if you keep throwing the mud on the wall, eventually the whole wall will be covered in mud. I think writing is very much the same. You have to keep at it. Some will stick, and some will fall away, but you keep writing, and eventually, you've impacted thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of people with your vision.
Dorothy Koomson|Crying was an acceptable outlet, even if it made you feel raw and empty inside, it was still better than that build up of resentment that grew from not letting your emotions out.- My Bestfriend's Girl -
Sunday Adelaja|When God created the earth, He intended that everything that has breath would praise him
Matt Perman|With a DO-CONFIRM checklist, he said, team members perform their jobs from memory and experience, often separately. But then they stop. They pause to run the checklist and confirm that everything that was supposed to be done was done. With a READ-DO checklist, on the other hand, people carry out the tasks as they check them off--it's more like a recipe.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Long is the way and hard, that out of Hell leads up to light.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|The poets have taught us how full of wonders is the night; and the night of blindness has its wonders, too. The only lightless dark is the night of ignorance and insensibility. We differ, blind and seeing, one from another, not in our senses, but in the use we make of them, in the imagination and courage with which we seek wisdom beyond our senses.
Neal A. Maxwell|Elder Maxwell on Wintry DoctrinesElder Maxwell said that “if we are serious about our discipleship Jesus will eventually request each of us to do those very things which are most difficult for us to do.”This was what he came to call the wintry doctrine at the funeral of a young father in 1996 he put it this way “There are in the gospel warm and cuddly doctrines and then there are some that are just outright wintry doctrines… one of them frankly is that we cannot approach real consecration without passing through appropriate clinical experiences because we don’t achieve consecration in the abstract. … sometimes therefore the best people have the worst experiences… because they are the most ready to learn.” (Bruce C. Hafen, The Story of A Disciple’s Life: Preparing the Biography of Neal A. Maxwell, p. 14)
Jennifer E. Smith, Hello, Goodbye, and Everything in Between|Hollow Horn Bear knew that to be leader and adviser of his people he must be honest and reliable, and that his word once given in promise must never be taken back. He knew that he must be a man of will-power, standing for the right no matter what happened to him personally; that he must have strength of purpose, allowing no influence to turn him from doing what was best for the tribe. He must be willing to serve his people without thought of pay. He must be utterly unselfish and kind-hearted to the old and poor and stand ready to give to those in need. Above all, he must be unafraid to deal equal justice to all.
Larry Dixon|We could definitely make a flying car - but that's not the hard part. The hard part is, how do you make a flying car that's super safe and quiet? Because if it's a howler, you're going to make people very unhappy.
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|We are betrayed by our maps of salience. They plot our narratives, identify our enemies and then coat them in distorting layer of loathing and dread. We feel that hunch - withdraw - and then conduct a post factum search for evidence that justifies it. We are motivated to fight our foes because we are emotional about them, but emotion is the territorial scent-mark of irrationality.
Rabih Alameddine|I don't really like politics that much. And I like the order and simplicity of sports. They have an ending. You can argue with your friends about it, but in the end you still like sports. I almost love the fantasy world of sports more than the real world.
Osho|One thing: you have to walk, and create the way by your walking; you will not find a ready-made path. It is not so cheap, to reach to the ultimate realization of truth. You will have to create the path by walking yourself; the path is not ready-made, lying there and waiting for you. It is just like the sky: the birds fly, but they don't leave any footprints. You cannot follow them; there are no footprints left behind.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Tobias took the photograph. At least, that's what I saw. Most likely I still had the photograph in my hand, but I couldn't feel it there, now I perceived Tobias holding it. It's strange, the way the mind can change perception.
Michelle S. Fondin, The Wheel of Healing: An Easy Guide to an Ayurvedic Lifestyle|Have a namasté day today. Look into the eyes of everyone you meet and silently honor his or her soul. Say silently, 'I honor the light within you, which is the same as the light within me. And I know, we are one.
Srinivas Shenoy|You're making an admirable go of it, but in the end, loyalty is about taking aside.
G.M.W. Wemyss|Publishing a book is like being pregnant. By the end, you're just ready to get that baby out!
Akiroq Brost|If every action has an equal and opposite reaction, then the opposite of giving is receiving!!!!! Give maximum appreciation and you will equally receive!!!!
Glenn Greenwald, No Place to Hide: Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. Surveillance State|The true measure of a society´s freedom is how it treats its dissidents and other marginalized groups, not how it treats its good loyalists. We shouldn´t have to be faithful loyalists of the powerful to be free from state surveillance.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|The odd sensation I had while cooking would often last through the meal, then dissolve as I climbed the stairs. I would enter my room and discover the homework books I had left on the bed had disappeared into my backpack. I’d look inside my books and be shocked to find that the homework had been done. Sometimes it had been done well, at others it was slapdash, the writing careless, my own handwriting but scrawled across the page. As I read the work through, I would get the creepy feeling that someone was watching me. I would turn quickly, trying to catch them out, but the door would be closed. There was never anyone there. Just me. My throat would turn dry. My shoulders would feel numb. The tic in my neck would start dancing as if an insect was burrowing beneath the surface of the skin. The symptoms would intensify into migraines that lasted for days and did not respond to treatment or drugs. The attack would come like a sudden storm, blow itself out of its own accord or unexpectedly vanish. Objects repeatedly went missing: a favourite pen, a cassette, money. They usually turned up, although once the money had gone it had gone for ever and I would find in the chest of drawers a T-shirt I didn’t remember buying, a Depeche Mode cassette I didn’t like, a box of sketching pencils, some Lego.
Galt Niederhoffer, The Romantics|People who keep their feelings to themselves tend not to know, after a while, what their feelings are.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|As you jump new hurdles, you gain greater confidence. Confidence can be achieved like any other practiced skill.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|If I do decide to have a Girl's Gone Wild moment, I want it to be with some hot young thing, not a senior citizen-Jaycie Lerner
Habeeb Akande|Religious discrimination is not like racial discrimination. One you choose for yourself, the other God chose for you.
Thomas A. Edison|...What I have denied and what my reason compels me to deny, is the existence of a Being throned above us as a god, directing our mundane affairs in detail, regarding us as individuals, punishing us, rewarding us as human judges might.When the churches learn to take this rational view of things, when they become true schools of ethics and stop teaching fables, they will be more effective than they are to-day... If they would turn all that ability to teaching this one thing – the fact that honesty is best, that selfishness and lies of any sort must surely fail to produce happiness – they would accomplish actual things. Religious faiths and creeds have greatly hampered our development. They have absorbed and wasted some fine intellects. That creeds are getting to be less and less important to the average mind with every passing year is a good sign, I think, although I do not wish to talk about what is commonly called theology.The criticisms which have been hurled at me have not worried me. A man cannot control his beliefs. If he is honest in his frank expression of them, that is all that can in justice be required of him. Professor Thomson and a thousand others do not in the least agree with me. His criticism of me, as I read it, charged that because I doubted the soul’s immortality, or ‘personality,’ as he called it, my mind must be abnormal, ‘pathological,’ in other, words, diseased... I try to say exactly what I honestly believe to be the truth, and more than that no man can do. I honestly believe that creedists have built up a mighty structure of inaccuracy, based, curiously, on those fundamental truths which I, with every honest man, must not alone admit but earnestly acclaim.I have been working on the same lines for many years. I have tried to go as far as possible toward the bottom of each subject I have studied. I have not reached my conclusions through study of traditions; I have reached them through the study of hard fact. I cannot see that unproved theories or sentiment should be permitted to have influence in the building of conviction upon matters so important. Science proves its theories or it rejects them. I have never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious theories of heaven and hell, of future life for individuals, or of a personal God. I earnestly believe that I am right; I cannot help believing as I do... I cannot accept as final any theory which is not provable. The theories of the theologians cannot be proved. Proof, proof! That is what I always have been after; that is what my mind requires before it can accept a theory as fact. Some things are provable, some things disprovable, some things are doubtful. All the problems which perplex us, now, will, soon or late, be solved, and solved beyond a question through scientific investigation. The thing which most impresses me about theology is that it does not seem to be investigating. It seems to be asserting, merely, without actual study....Moral teaching is the thing we need most in this world, and many of these men could be great moral teachers if they would but give their whole time to it, and to scientific search for the rock-bottom truth, instead of wasting it upon expounding theories of theology which are not in the first place firmly based. What we need is search for fundamentals, not reiteration of traditions born in days when men knew even less than we do now.]
Elizabeth Marie Pope, The Sherwood Ring|That's when I realize how much I don't want to be alone, how sobbing should not be a solitary sport..
Jennifer Grant|To be as good as our fathers we must be better, imitation is not discipleship.
Maureen Johnson Name of the Star|Did you just mentally pistol whip that guy, with his own gun? Nice, Amber. I would have just killed him.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|The human heart is a healer, which heals both others and ourselves.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|But she wasn’t around, and that’s the thing when your parents die, you feel like instead of going in to every fight with backup, you are going into every fight alone.
Graham Spaid, tireless:|The expected battle hadn’t taken place, yet something else had. Images of the entertainment which had just gone down were already coming back into Rat’s head. It had been wonderful to watch, unbelievably wonderful, the enactment of several plays at once on a single stage, and Rat was sorry it was over, but in a way it was even better to relive it now in the privacy of his mind. He hadn’t believed the boy-doctor and that stuff about the condom being used or warm, but he had gone along with it and the emotion which it powered. Everybody had. The emotion was the most important thing. He wondered how he could ever put such a chaotic, hilarious, sad thing down on paper, organise it into scenes or verses and fix his own pewiod at the end. He could never do it justice. He would never get that emotion back.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you understand the value of time, the resource and the wealth of time, you will be running away from the crowd, you will be running away from distractions.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|America is the promised land, because each generation bequeathed to its children a promise, a promise that they might not come to enjoy but which they fully expected their offspring to fulfill. So the words 'all men are created equal' took a life of its own, ultimately destined to end slavery and enfranchise women. And the words 'equal protection' and 'due process' inevitably led to the end of the words 'separate but equal,' ensuring that the walls of segregation would crumble, whether at the lunch counter or at the voting booth.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|He who causes another to become powerful ruins himself, for he brings such a power into being either by design or by force, and both of these elements are suspects to the one whom he has made powerful.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|In the first year of my grief, there were times when I felt like hiding my personal story of loss and other times when I wanted to wear a sign on my body that read "Be nice to me, I'm grieving," or "Don't tick me off; I've already got the world on my shoulders," or maybe even "BEWARE - don't upset the widow!" I needed a variety of signs that I could switch out depending on my daily mood.
Sarah Vowell, Take the Cannoli|No, I thought. Not just Hell. Really, Heaven was just as guilty. What kind of group could advocate goodness and not allow its members to love?
Steve Jobs|I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do, provided he keeps doing them until he gets a record of successful experience behind him.
Sarah J. Maas, Tower of Dawn|Aelin would likely laughed to see him now. The man who had stumbled out of her room after she’d declared that her cycle had arrived. Now sitting in this fine room, mostly naked and not giving a shit about it.
Christie Purifoy, Roots and Sky: A Journey Home in Four Seasons|Homecoming is a single word, and we use it to describe a single event. But true homecoming requires more time. It seems to be a process rather than a moment. Perhaps we come home the way the earth comes home to the sun. It could be that homecoming is always a return and our understanding of home deepens with each encounter.
Céleste Albaret, Monsieur Proust|Is it not strange that the more someone has, the less he feels he has? Envy can never be sated.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|Damn, I would give anything to see that man naked," Charlotte whispered. "How could you only say he was 'all right'?
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|True virtue never appears so lovely as when it is most oppressed; and the divine excellency of real Christianity is never exhibited with such advantage as when under the greatest trials; then it is that true faith appears much more precious than gold, and upon this account is "found to praise and honour and glory.
Horace|Travel makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Stories are not real life, stories are pieces of morality made entertaining.
|Throughout the 1980's, we did hear too much about individual gain and the ethos of selfishness and greed. We did not hear enough a bout how to be a good member of a community, to define the common good and to repair the social contract. And we also found that while prosperity does not trickle down from the most powerful to the rest of us, all too often indifference and even intolerance do.
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|You have to understand, the blood we drink every day to stay alive comes out of a jar in the refrigerator. It is the very definition of gross.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Playful, positive sarcasm is different from negative mean sarcasm, and many people don't know the difference.
Daniel J. Levitin|But the remembering is imperfect; the instructions for which neurons need to be gathered and how exactly they need to fire are weak and degraded, leading to a representation that is only a dim and often inaccurate copy of the real experience. Memory is fiction. It may present itself to us as fact, but it is highly susceptible to distortion. Memory is not just replaying, but a rewriting.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|It is hard to take the last step, but the hardest thing is to make a choice between the unwillingness to live and the inability to die.
Deb Caletti, The Queen of Everything|By appreciation, we make excellence in others our own property.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Since non-verbal signals have five times the impact of verbal signals, paying attention to the image you are projecting is crucial to your first impressions.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|As Congress continues to debate ways to address illegal immigration, we must remember the many hard-working legal immigrants that contribute so much to our nation's economy and culture.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Call Me Irresistible|You never get mad,” she said when their server left the table. “Except at me.”“That’s not true,” he said tightly. “Torie can get me going.”“Torie doesn’t count. You were obviously her mother in a previous life.
Florida Scott-Maxwell, The Measure of My Days|I admire a contented mind. I revere enjoyment of the simple things. I can imagine that contentment has a high degree of truth. But the human tendency is to take good as normal, and one's natural right, and so no cause for satisfaction and pleasure. This is accompanied by the habit of regarding bad as abnormal and a personal outrage.
Demi Lovato, Stay Strong|Go ahead and believe that no one shines brighter than you. Become amazing, and be happy.
Omar Khayyám, Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam|O friend, for the morrow let us not worryThis moment we have now, let us not hurryWhen our time comes, we shall not tarryWith seven thousand-year-olds, our burden carry
Josephine Winslow Johnson, Now in November|Factors Influencing Us as EmpathsThere are a number of factors affecting how we pick up energy from other people:●	ReceivingOur sensitivity as receivers will factor into how much energy we pick up.●	SendingSome people transmit their energy more strongly than others, and the depth of the emotions that they are experiencing will also turn up the volume that they are sending out.●	Awareness The unaware person may be just as sensitive as the aware person. The latter will understand why they have mood swings; the former will not.●	Bloodline Blood relatives will affect us regardless of where in the world we are and whether we are thinking about them or not. The link between sender and receiver is often stronger where there is a blood connection. Often, empath children may process the emotions of their parents or siblings long into adulthood.●	Emotional ConnectionFriends and acquaintances will impact us primarily based on the strength of the emotional connection we have to them, largely without regard to physical proximity. The stronger the emotional connection is, the less important the physical proximity is. Having worked from home for many years with teams spread all over the country, I have picked up energy from managers and teammates regardless of location.●	Physical ProximityNeighbors and strangers will influence us based on physical proximity. This is true for the people living in our neighborhood and the strangers we brush up against in the shopping mall.
Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|Master the ability to quieten your mind, and your thoughts, and understand your emotions. Meditate, cultivate mindfulness and awareness, be in the now. This will heighten your vibration
Tanzy Sayadi, Write like no one is reading 2|Your eyes are hallow,Your heart is bruised,Your temple has been raided,Your soul has been shattered,Was he worth it?
Debasish Mridha|Over the boundary of time,Hope transcends,Desire sings,One verse,One song,And that is the song of happiness.
Shuu Maiko (Nisekoi)|And, long after Clark had gone home, Solomon stayed up wondering if everyone falls in love with someone who can't love them back.
Sunday Adelaja|In the life of every Christian, there is a wilderness experience
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|If I am not persistent with my desire to think about other things, and consciously initiate new circuits of thought, then those uninvited loops can generate new strength and begin monopolizing my mind again. To counter their activities, I keep a handy list of three things available for me to turn my consciousness toward when I am in a state of need: 1) I remember something I find fascinating that I would like to ponder more deeply, 2) I think about something that brings me terrific joy, or 3) I think about something I would like to do.
Maria Sharapova|A stale article, if you dip it in a good, warm, sunny smile, will go off better than a fresh one that you've scowled upon.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In every endeavour, we need God’s grace.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Any place where women are not respected or provided enough opportunities to grow and develop, cannot be a progressive place.
Hadas Moosazadeh, Tora-Bora Mountains|The pen against ignorance, the blood against knowledge, the murder against liberalism. Let to the enemy to live into its foolishness. This would be the best weapon against him.﻿
Stephen King, It|George, I’m sorry!” he cried through his tears. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, please, I’m suh-suh-SORRY—” And then they were around him, his friends, and no one lit a match, and someone held him, he didn’t know who, Beverly maybe, or maybe Ben, or Richie. They were with him, and for that little while the darkness was kind.
Martin H. Fischer|A doctor must work eighteen hours a day and seven days a week. If you cannot console yourself to this, get out of the profession.
J.D. Robb, Kindred in Death|Drug addicts driven to crime to finance their drug addiction are not often inclined toward violent crime. Violence requires all different kinds of energy, and most drug addicts like to expend their energy not on their professional crime but on what their professional crime lets them afford. Drug addicts are often burglars, therefore.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|At the bottom of her heart, however, she was waiting for something to happen. Like shipwrecked sailors, she turned despairing eyes upon the solitude of her life, seeking afar off some white sail in the mists of the horizon. She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her, if it would be a shallop or a three-decker, laden with anguish or full of bliss to the portholes. But each morning, as she awoke, she hoped it would come that day; she listened to every sound, sprang up with a start, wondered that it did not come; then at sunset, always more saddened, she longed for the morrow.
K. Hari Kumar, When Strangers meet..|The question, therefore, is not whether one should teach philosophy to Muslim students, but rather what kind or kinds of philosophy should be taught and how the subject should be approached.
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|when all of life becomes crowded with profound and weighty matters, making time to engage in trivial things becomes an even greater priority.
Thomas Howard|A real prison breakfast" I said."Yeah, but we are free."And that summed it up.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I know that whenever I feel my world turningupside down, nothing grounds me like a manicure.
Terry Pratchett, Raising Steam|Eleanor should never have told them about Park's house, but she'd been dying to tell somebody. (This was how people ended up in jail after committing the perfect crime.)
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|On their sofas of spice and feathers, the concubines also slept fretfully. In those days the Earth was still flat, and people dreamed often of falling over edges.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|This maybe the year when we finally come face to face with ourselves; finally just lay back and say it—that we are really just a nation of 220 million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns, and no qualms at all about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
E.E. Cummings|When this flood blocks the road I am worried more by my soil getting washed, than by getting late to reach my destination.
Charles Frohman|In masks outrageous and austere, The years go by in single file; But none has merited my fear, And none has quite escaped my smile.
Giselle Fox, Rare and Beautiful Things|I’m going to tell you a story,” she whispered. “There once was a beautiful woman named Amber, who lived alone in a far away land between the sea and the sky. Anyone that passed by knew that Amber was special. But there was one who adored her most of all.” She paused and smiled down at me. “Whenever Amber went down to the ocean and bathed her body, whenever she dipped her long fingers into the waves, the mermaid that lived in the deep water beyond the reef would swim close and watch her. Each day the mermaid came a little closer until finally, she emerged from the water and said hello.” “Just like you did,” I whispered. “Shhh.” She held her finger to my lips. “When Amber saw the mermaid, she was very curious. More curious perhaps, than she’d ever been about anyone. The mermaid was even more curious about Amber. No other woman had ever seemed so perfect and so pure. Every time the mermaid looked at Amber her desire grew like wildfire. Amber hadn’t yet learned all the slippery ways of the world,” She said softly as she dipped her thumb between my lips. I sighed as she pressed into me. “The mermaid could tell that Amber was still afraid. So the mermaid decided to take a chance. She gave Amber a single kiss and hoped that Amber would see her for who she really was.
Allan Rufus|He who takes his eyes off the goal has a good chance of not scoring!" - Allan Rufus -learningcentre (dot)transformationcoach(dot)help/wp
Daniel José Older, Shadowshaper|Thoughtful white people know they are inferior to black people. Anyone who has studied the genetic phase of biology knows that white is considered recessive and black is considered dominant. When you want strong coffee, you ask for black coffee. If you want it light, you want it weak, integrated with white milk. Just like these Negroes who weaken themselves and their race by this integrating and intermixing with whites. If you want bread with no nutritional value, you ask for white bread. All the good that was in it has been bleached out of it, and it will constipate you. If you want pure flour, you ask for dark flour, whole-wheat flour. If you want pure sugar, you want dark sugar.
Andrea Dworkin, Right Wing Women|I can never get used to the fact, though I know it, that women are born cynics. Men have to learn cynicism. Infant girls could teach it to them.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I have all gifts on earth minus one....Patience to do what the devil wants me to do. My bible taught me a lot about taking some things in my life by force. People do tell me sometimes take it easy, God didn´t tell me to take things easy, He says take Charge. Some people do tell me to be careful! But my bible didn´t tell me to be careful but it says I should be careful for nothing. Some people tell me to take time but my bibles says take charge. Some people says be patient but my bible says whatever your hands finds to do, do it quickly.So don´t only memorise your weakness, try to saturate your strength with the power of God, always have an alternative for any negative suggestion.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot tell a river in which direction it should flow, but you can steer your boat.
Mos Def|Summer bachelors, like summer breezes, are never as cool as they pretend to be.
Albert-László Barabási, Bursts: The Hidden Pattern Behind Everything We Do|Forget dice rolling or boxes of chocolates as metaphors for life. Think of yourself as a dreaming robot on autopilot, and you'll be much closer to the truth.
Nanette Mathews|He was surprised at how angry he sounded -no, how angry he felt. Because it was impossible. It was impossible and unfair, and he had spent too many years in the trenches of unfairness to get riled up about it now.
Dalai Lama|The best preparation for the future is the present well seen to, and the last duty done.
Robert Louis Stevenson|From the bonny bells of heather,They brewed a drink long syne,Was sweeter far than honey,Was stronger far than wine.They brewed it and they drank it,And lay in blessed swound,For days and days together,In their dwellings underground.There rose a King in Scotland,A fell man to his foes,He smote the Picts in battle,He hunted them like roes.Over miles of the red mountainHe hunted as they fled,And strewed the dwarfish bodiesOf the dying and the dead.Summer came in the country,Red was the heather bell,But the manner of the brewing,Was none alive to tell.In graves that were like children’sOn many a mountain’s head,The Brewsters of the HeatherLay numbered with the dead.The king in the red moorlandRode on a summer’s day;And the bees hummed and the curlewsCried beside the way.The King rode and was angry,Black was his brow and pale,To rule in a land of heather,And lack the Heather Ale.It fortuned that his vassals,Riding free upon the heath,Came on a stone that was fallenAnd vermin hid beneath.Roughly plucked from their hiding,Never a word they spoke:A son and his aged father –Last of the dwarfish folk.The king sat high on his charger,He looked down on the little men;And the dwarfish and swarthy coupleLooked at the king again.Down by the shore he had them:And there on the giddy brink –“I will give thee life ye vermin,For the secret of the drink.”There stood the son and fatherAnd they looked high and low;The heather was red around them,The sea rumbled below.And up spoke the father,Shrill was his voice to hear:“I have a word in private,A word for the royal ear.“Life is dear to the aged,And honour a little thing;I would gladly sell the secret”,Quoth the Pict to the King.His voice was small as a sparrow’s,And shrill and wonderful clear:“I would gladly sell my secret,Only my son I fear.“For life is a little matter,And death is nought to the young;And I dare not sell my honour,Under the eye of my son.Take him, O king, and bind him,And cast him far in the deep;And it’s I will tell the secretThat I have sworn to keep.”They took the son and bound him,Neck and heels in a thong,And a lad took him and swung him,And flung him far and strongAnd the sea swallowed his body,Like that of a child of ten;And there on the cliff stood the father,Last of the dwarfish men.“True was the word I told you:Only my son I feared;For I doubt the sapling courage,That goes without the beard.But now in vain is the torture,Fire shall not avail:Here dies in my bosomThe secret of the Heather Ale.
Barbara Taylor Bradford, Her Own Rules|Never let stress shape your strategy. Most women think better after a brisk walk, a light meal, a massage and a nap.
Robert Graves|Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money.
L.A. Kuehlke, Delirium|When had things gotten so tangled in her heart and mind? Everything had been clear at one point, hadn’t it? No, she supposed it never had been perfectly clear.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|New rules—we needed new rules. No one opens the main doors but me. No one leaves the property without me. No one goes outside without letting me know. I had these horrible images in my head of kids being restrained against their wills, of kids crying my name out, begging me to help them when I was powerless. Desperate times… Lord, my soul called out. Lord…somehow that’s as far as I could get. I didn’t have the words.
Tim Scott|While all other sciences have advanced, that of government is at a standstill - little better understood, little better practiced now than three or four thousand years ago.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The mind defines, decides, doubts and divides - only the heart truly binds.
David Halberstam|The author describes megalomania as seen in Chairman Mao by saying that what he was familiar with, he was really familiar with. This zeal moved the megalomaniac with a complete lack of appreciation for what he DID NOT know.
Doug "Ten" Rose|A great friend can act like a trash can with a hole in the bottom. To listen to someone else's personal garbage with the same empathy you would spend listening to their joy, and then release that garbage just as quickly as you hear it, without absorbing it, makes you a wonderful friend to that person--and an even better one to yourself.
Yoko Ono|In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson.
Paul Ian Guillermo|if you feel happy, Smile with all your heart. if you're down, smile with all your might.
Pixie Lynn Whitfield, Through These Wicked Nights|my unexpected trip to the light may have been cancelled, but here I was, still paying the cost of the return ticket
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|It is a thing that knows no limit, and before it all men are equal; and the silence of king or slave, in presence of death, or grief, or love, reveals the same features, hides beneath its impenetrable mantle the self-same treasure. For this is the essential silence of our soul, our most inviolable sanctuary, and its secret can never be lost;
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|...for all that people have tried to abuse it and disown it. "feminism" is still the word we need. No other word will do. And let's face it, there has been no other word, save "Girl Power" -- which makes you sound like you're into some branch of Scientology owned by Geri Halliwell. That "Girl Power" has been the sole rival to the word "feminism" in the last 50 years is a cause for much sorrow on behalf of the women. After all, P. Diddy has had four different names, and he's just one man.
Karen A. Baquiran|Suffering is not a consequence, it is about permission.
Sean Carroll, The Particle at the End of the Universe: How the Hunt for the Higgs Boson Leads Us to the Edge of a New World|Historically, nature has been very good at surprising us.
Lysander Spooner|The only thing I'm afraid of about this country is that it's government will someday become so monstrous that the smallest person in it will be trampled underfoot, and then it wouldn't be worth living in. The only thing in America that is still unique in this tired world is that a man can go as far as his brains will take him or he can go to hell if he wants to, but it won't be that way much longer.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|The fields were fruitful, and starving men moved on the roads.
Elizabeth Hardwick, Seduction and Betrayal: Women and Literature|They had created themselves together, and they always saw themselves, their youth, their love, their lost youth and lost love, their failures and memories, as a sort of living fiction.
Art Buchwald|For an instant I think I saw. I saw the loneliness of man as a gigantic wave which had been frozen in front of me, held back by the invisible wall of a metaphor.
Charles Bukowski, Women|Fransisco, you're some kind of very high nobility, aren't you?" He answered, "Not yet. The reason my family has lasted for such a long time is that none of us has ever been permitted to think he is born a d'Anconia. We are expected to become one.
Irina Serban, Full Circle|Sorry' is just a word… A word that acquires a little bit of strength when uttered by a heart, which believes in its power, but yours is silent.
Pietro Citati|Yeah, Horemheb, you are under my command once more. You might be the pharaoh, but I am Tutankhamun! - Tut Reborn by Cyci Cade
Jen Wilde|You are not weak. People like us, we're brave. We're the ones who get up and face our worst fears every day. We keep fighting.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Both reading and writing are experiences--lifelong-- in the course of which we who encounter words used in certain ways are persuaded by them to be brought mind and heart within the presence, the power, of the imagination.
J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret|It would still be a long way until she was completely free, but the door had been cracked open and a smidgen of hope broke through the darkness.
Brahms Lewis|If you ingest too much sodium, you turn green.
Julieanne O'Conner|Other people's criticisms about what you are capable of, have nothing to do with you.
Sunday Adelaja|Just because someone can do something with little or no training, it doesn’t mean that others can’t do it (and sometimes do it even better) with training.
Rebecca Hall|Our records, if you have a dark sense of humor, were funny, but our records weren't about comedy. They were about protests, fantasy, confrontation and all that.
William Ralph Inge|It is quite natural and inevitable that, if we spend sixteen hours daily of our waking lives in thinking about the affairs of the world and five minutes in thinking about God and our souls, this world will seem two hundred times more real to us than God.
Margaret Fuller|Being in politics is like being a football coach. You have to be smart enough to understand the game, and dumb enough to think it's important.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
Walter Mosley, All I Did Was Shoot My Man|Kit [Carson Kitteridge] watched me for a few moments before saying, "That was some impressive killing you did. Naked too.""I hope I didn't embarrass Office Palmer.""She said that after all she heard about you she thought your johnson would be bigger.""Tell her that the air conditioner was on.
|Why wait for your happiness to come from your future blessings, when this moment already has all you need to live happily?
Augustus, Res Gestae Divi Augusti|At the age of nineteen, on my own initiative and at my own expense, I raised an army by means of which I restored liberty4 to the republic, which had been oppressed by the tyranny of a faction.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The judge speaks in the name of justice,' he said. 'The priest speaks in the name of pity, which is only a higher form of justice.' (Bishop Myriel)
Joel Osteen|Happiness is in our own hearts. I have no regrets of anything in the past. I'm totally cheerful and happy, and I think that a lot of your attitude is not in the circumstances you find yourself in, but in the circumstances you make for yourself.
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from the Prison Notebooks|The principle must always rule that ideas are not born of other ideas, philosophies of other philosophies; they are a continually renewed expression of real historical development. The unity of history (what the idealists call unity of the spirit) is not a presupposition, but a continuously developing process.
Mike Mignola, Hellboy, Vol. 2: Wake the Devil|Mythology is not a lie, mythology is poetry, it is metaphorical. It has been well said that mythology is the penultimate truth--penultimate because the ultimate cannot be put into words. It is beyond words. Beyond images, beyond that bounding rim of the Buddhist Wheel of Becoming. Mythology pitches the mind beyond that rim, to what can be known but not told.
David Porush|White magic or black, it doesn’t make a difference. Natural and artificial? Obsolete distinctions
Mark E. Hyman|As simple as it sounds, we all must try to be the best person we can: by making the best choices, by making the most of the talents we've been given.
Sheryl Sandberg|I think we all have our own personality, unique and distinctive, and at the same time, I think that our own unique and distinctive personality blends with the wind, with the footsteps in the street, with the noises around the corner, and with the silence of memory, which is the great producer of ghosts.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|During moments of strife and 'dis-ease', check your flow and redirect your focus to that which is naturally good.
Teo Yi Han|With life the truth is not what is right or wrong, but with life the truth is the process, where life unfolds in every individual, and takes him to the whole.
Jay-Z|All wars signify the failure of conflict resolution mechanisms, and they need post-war rebuilding of faith, trust and confidence.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|Writers may be classified as meteors, planets, and fixed stars. They belong not to one system, one nation only, but to the universe. And just because they are so very far away, it is usually many years before their light is visible to the inhabitants of this earth.
Cassandra Clare, The Midnight Heir|There is a greater will, a greater need and purpose hidden within each life, and there is an inner law that knows best how each must live and that is worth stealing for; it’s worth dying for, and worth living for as well.
Ed Smith|I'm not regimented. I don't diet, and I exercise the way I want to.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I travel because it makes me realize how much I haven't seen, how much I'm not going to see, and how much I still need to see."- The Legacy Letters, by Carew Papritz
C. JoyBell C.|My mother used to tell me, every time we were watching Cinderella, that Cinderella had the best attitude and that I should strive to be just like her. Later when I grew up, I resented my mother for teaching me that way, as I saw it as the reason why I often felt preyed on by people who were much more like the ugly stepsisters. But now, all of a sudden, I’ve realized that what my mom meant was that no matter how ugly people can be to you, no matter how rough they treat you, no matter how much their actions tempt you to become your worst— you should overcome them by never letting them steal your gentleness. People only win when they are able to take away your gentleness, your sweetness. But if you remember that you’re a princess, and they’re just not, at the end of the day you win! Still, my mom should have pointed me in the direction of Belle from Beauty and the Beast. Cinderella is fine, but had she taught me that Belle was the best way to be, I would have probably never grown to resent that. Belle always retained her gentleness but she could still beat up a pack of wolves at the same time and that’s the kind of princess I wanted to be like! Not to mention she loved books!
Joyce Chapman|If you're still hanging onto a dead dream of yesterday, laying flowers on its grave by the hour, you cannot be planting the seeds for a new dream to grow today
Edward Bunker, The Animal Factory|In three months Ron read more than he had in his entire previous life. He felt his mind widen, his perceptions become more acute, for each book was a prism refracting the infinitely varied truths of experience. Some were telescopes; some microscopes.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|What's the big fucking deal? Lots of amazing people have committed suicide, and they turned out alright.
Gabriel Cousens M.D., Conscious Parenting: The Holistic Guide to Raising and Nourishing Healthy, Happy Children|In our commitment to raise healthy, conscious children and create a healthy world, it is hard to understand how people can choose to spend money for something that not only does not work, but poisons humans and the environment.
Rachael Ray|Long as I was riding in a big Cadillac and dressed nice and had plenty of food, that's all I cared about.
Hannah Senesh|The whole point of life is to learn love. Life is the school, love is the lesson and we are all here to teach each other.
Rand Paul|You don't have freedom because you are a hyphenated American; you have freedom because you are an individual, and that should be protected.
Lori Greiner|In business, you're the Chief Salesman. Create a sense of demand, rather than waiting to have demand.
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|You like to think that people, in general, and I mean on the scale of generations, are learning from their mistakes, getting better. But with what all I seen, I don't know if I could believe that.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|I have gone to [this bookshop] for years, always finding the one book I wanted - and then three more I hadn’t known I wanted.
Nora Ephron, Crazy Salad and Scribble Scribble: Some Things About Women and Notes on Media|Am I too blunt? If the truth is too hard to swallow, should I feed you soft lies?
Cesare Pavese, Il mestiere di vivere: Diario 1935-1950|Every luxury must be paid for, and everything is a luxury, starting with being in this world.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|...[T]o be unfaithful to my maxim of prudence may often be very advantageous to me, although to abide by it is certainly safer.
Chris Galford, At Faith's End|Every town has a psychopath or two. Not just the everyday crazy person, either. Not like Crazy Larry, the paint huffing weirdo peddling around town on a child-sized Huffy ranting about the end of the world, or the old lady dressed in rags who hands out filthy doll clothes to the kiddies. I'm talking about the cold, never remorseful lunatic, who may never have seemed insane up until the day he hacked apart his mother and shoved her stinking corpse into the attic. This town is overflowing with them; bloodcurdling murderers like Kenny Wayne Hilbert, Charlie Fender…Orland Winthro. And Al, the crazy had to come from somewhere.
Mr Imbuya|If you love yourself, you will be happy because you will always have your own company and attention
Stephen Richards|You have to look at many different aspects of a person’s life to decide what self-limiting belief is still active. For instance, if you are poor then that is an obvious self-limiting belief to tackle about your hang-up over having money.
Amie Kaufman, Illuminae|Before this moment, I have never whished to be something other than what I am. Never felt so keenly the lack of hands with which to touch, the lack of arms whith which to hold.Why did they give me this sense of self? Why allow me the intellect by which to measure this complete inadequacy? I would rather be numb than stand here in the light of a sun that can never chase the chill away
Mackenzie Herbert, Chasing Trains|We pick the people who populate our personal lives as much for who they make us as for who they are. I chose Anna for the person I became in her presence, and in this respect, my love for her was a more selfish one
Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 5|There's no difference between pulp fiction and highbrow fiction, one is as good as the other, the only difference is the aura they have, and that's determined by the people who read the stuff, not by the book itself. There's no such thing as 'the book itself.
Scott Westerfeld, Afterworlds|...this is life. Right here in this room, with you, is life.
Gary Hamel|What does the artist do? He draws connections. He ties the invisible threads between things. He dives into history, be it the history of mankind, the geological history of the Earth or the beginning and end of the manifest cosmos.
Laurie R. King, Locked Rooms|Pray tell,” she said, although her voice told him not to.He ignored her tone, let out a thoughtful cloud of smoke, and said, ...
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced.
Lazarus Takawira|The spotlight does not change a person, it simply reveals what one has mastered in the darkness
Marty Rubin|We're all stumbling in the dark, and that makes for some pretty interesting collisions.
Chris Cornell|Imagination is a pretty powerful thing, and when you're in the moment and you're riding a train and you're asked to look scared, I don't know, it just kind of works out. And in those moments where you're actually doing some of the stunts, then it's not so hard at all, because there's an actual fear there.
Lucy Powell|Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.
Jada Pinkett Smith|But do I think that our actions in anyway violate the War Powers Resolution, the answer is no.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|We can easily teach our kids hot to be kind, compassionate and respectful when we are kind, compassionate and respectful to them.
Debasish Mridha|When you are angry, don’t react. Respond with consideration, kindness, and love.
David Reeves, In My Opinion|I loved him in that moment, loved him more than I'd ever loved anyone, and I wanted to to tell them all that I was the snake in the grass, the monster in the lake. I wasn't worthy of this sacrifice; I was a liar, a cheat, a thief. And I would have told, except that a part of me was glad. Glad that this would all be over with soon. Baba would dismiss them, there would be some pain, but life would move on. I wanted that, to move on, to forget, to start with a clean slate. I wanted to be able to breathe again.
Sophie Palmer|She died without us by her side, and now, we are left with the scars. In time, they may fade, but for now, they're still hauntingly there reminding us of the loss and pain.- Unlikely Love (coming soon)
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|As for your failures - stop calling them failures. Refer to them as "experiences". That's all they really are - just experiences.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|One common thing about great achievers is that, they keep asking useful questions every day. They ask questions like; “What do I want and what do I need to do to get it?
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|Is it possible that mathematical pathology, i.e. chaos, is health? And that mathematical health, which is the predictability and differentiability of this kind of a structure, is disease?
Rascal Flatts|I wake up and tear drops, they fall down like rain. I put on that old song we danced to and then, I head off to my job cause not much has changed. Punch the clock, head for home, check the phone. Just in case. Go to bed, dream of you. That's what I am doing these days.
Chirag Tulsiani|What we did, what every president since Washington has done, was provide a measured, appropriate response, in direct relation to a realistic threat assessment.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Like the rudder or anchor on a ship, your habits can guide you in the direction of your dreams or hold you back and keep you from achieving them.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|Freud was not entirely honest with himself when he said, “Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise".
Shannon Drury, The Radical Housewife: Redefining Family Values for the 21st Century|The Mommy Wars, as they stand today, serve as an effective check on the ambitions of the American mother. The phenomenon keeps women in a perpetual state of guilt, shame and inadequacy, and does so without involving anyone but wealthy white women.
Timothy S. Lane, Relationships: A Mess Worth Making|Every good relationship we have is a gift of God's grace. Left to ourselves, nothing good would happen. Our problem has everything to do with sin and our potential has everything to do with Christ. Sin always draws towards self-interest. It is possible that even in our most altruistic moments are driven by what we get out of them
Louise O'Neill, Only Ever Yours|She catches sight of herself in her video-feed, her face contorted with fury. Wiping spittle from the sides of her mouth, she reaches behind her to grab her lip gloss and reapplies it. “And don’t even start thinking about what a bitch I am,” she says. Her eyes are steady, the heat receding from her skin. “This is not my fault. I’m just doing what we have been trained to do. This is who we are, freida. This is who we were designed to be.
Karl Marx|Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
J.K. Rowling|Let us embrace, and from this very moment vow an eternal misery together.
George Vecsey|Some of the most inspiring moments in sports have come from players with physical defects. Tom Dempsey, born without toes on his right foot, kicked a 63-yard field goal in 1970, using a straighter, wider shoe.
Chris Mentillo|I Know Many Horror Authors Are Depreesed or Act Misabrle With Their lives. This Seems To Go With The Territory. For Example, Best-selling Horror Author, Joe Hill Talks About His Own Depression And Anxiety And How He Is Too Afraid To Take A Pill Because, of How This May Deminish And Destroy His Creative Side of Writing Horror. I Myself Happen To Feel The Exact Opposite. I Almost Always Noticed A More Creative Output In My Writing When On Pills.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|Share and Enjoy' is the company motto of the hugely successful Sirius Cybernetics Corporation Complaints Division, which now covers the major land masses of three medium-sized planets and is the only part of the Corporation to have shown a consistent profit in recent years. The motto stands-- or rather stood-- in three mile high illuminated letters near the Complaints Department spaceport on Eadrax. Unfortunately its weight was such that shortly after it was erected, the ground beneath the letters caved in and they dropped for nearly half their length through the offices of many talented young Complaints executives-- now deceased.The protruding upper halves of the letters now appear, in the local language, to read "Go stick your head in a pig," and are no longer illuminated, except at times of special celebration.
Deepika Kumaaraguru, Ethereal: The Dawn of the Blue|There are others who have strange eyes?' I asked, perking up.Kester suddenly wished he hadn't spoken. 'Well, not as distinctive as you. No one actually has purple ones. Shades of green and blue are sometimes too bright than normal, but I don't recall anyone having eyes like y
Thomas Paine, Agrarian Justice Opposed to Agrarian Law, and to Agrarian Monopoly; Being a Plan for Meliorating the Condition of Man|In the late Middle Ages the stupefying simplicity of the heliocentric model was used as an argument to discredit the new astronomy. Its elegance was interpreted as naivete...Just as the legendary inquisitor refused to look through Galileo's telescope, so most modern economists refuse to look at an analysis that might displace the conventional centre of their economic system.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Book of Life|How do you listen? Do you listen with your projections, through your projection, through your ambitions, desires, fears, anxieties, through hearing only what you want to hear, only what will be satisfactory, what will gratify, what will give comfort, what will for the moment alleviate your suffering? If you listen through the screen of your desires, then you obviously listen to your own voice; you are listening to your own desires. And is there any other form of listening? Is it not important to find out how to listen not only to what is being said but to everything – to the noise in the streets, to the chatter of birds, to the noise of the tramcar, to the restless sea, to the voice of your husband, to your wife, to your friends, to the cry of a baby? Listening has importance only when on is not projecting one’s own desires through which one listens. Can one put aside all these screens through which we listen, and really listen?
Kelly Hashway, Touch of Death|There was one thing no one considered, however: Australia was populated by Australians. While the rest of us were trying to adapt to a world that suddenly seemed bent on eradicating the human race, the Australians had been dealing with a hostile environment for centuries. They looked upon our zombie apocalypse, and they were not impressed.
Pashtun Proverb|There is no death, only a change of worlds.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|Two guys jumped us on the way to get food," Cameron answered. "Ty is like... a ninja on crack. He beat them up pretty spectacularly. Then we stole with their car.
Bo Burnham|It's amazing how ideas start out, isn't it?
Brian Stanley, The Global Diffusion of Evangelicalism: The Age of Billy Graham and John Stott|It is not the time for you to dream, It is the time for you to accomplish the mission!
Michelle DeRusha, Spiritual Misfit: A Memoir of Uneasy Faith|If Christ be a fraud, he was among the most peculiar yet brilliant of frauds in saying that only he was the way, the truth, and the life. This is the importance of grace - some people think that simply being nice and not harming others is morality; others think that following rules and tithing are morality. But without Christ, all moral beliefs ultimately boil down to the one sin which perpetually rails against the concept of grace: man's lawful, religious, and futile attempt at establishing his own righteousness.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t use your words to criticize, condemn, or complain; us your words to appreciate, inspire, and empower.
Charles Morgan|A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
Risa Lavizzo-Mourey|You know, I look to myself mainly as a creative writer all my life and a medical doctor.
Colin Wilson, Strange Powers|Faith in God, reverence of a Creator!
|The struggles, challenges, and obstacles that it takes to succeed in life is what makes success more valuable. Nothing great comes easy, and nothing easy can ever equate to greatness.
Christopher Hitchens, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|I have been taunted on various platforms recently for becoming a neo-conservative, and have been the object of some fascinating web-site and blog stuff, from the isolationist Right as well as from the peaceniks, who both argue in a semi-literate way that neo-conservativism is Trotskyism and 'permanent revolution' reborn.Sometimes, you have to comb an overt anti-Semitism out of this propaganda before you can even read it straight. And I can guarantee you that none of these characters has any idea at all of what the theory of 'permanent revolution' originally meant.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|The war was a mirror; it reflected man's every virtue and every vice, and if you looked closely, like an artist at his drawings, it showed up both with unusual clarity.
Teresa May B. Bandiola, The Forest of Evergreen (Volume 2): Found in the Wilderness|Gosh, so this house must be a nunnery!”-Lilly to Sophia
Khalil Gibran|It is often said by religious people that without its framework, there is no sense of right or wrong. My view is that religion comes after ethics.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|I take thee at thy word:Call me but love, and I'll be new baptized;Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
S.C. Stephens, Effortless|Desperately and immediately, he wanted them to be happy. May they be deeply in love, forever and ever, ex cetera, amen. At least if it was true love then the choking feeling in Axton's throat wouldn't be in vain. He could lose out to a grand and staggering love. His pain would be worth it if their love was the kind that time itself would stand still for, the type that made angels weep.
David Brewster, More Worlds Than One: The Creed of the Philosopher and the Hope of the Christian|Ourhunters come from a diversified set of beliefs, but work together toward one goal. And we’re the bestat what we do.”“But you guys were at the church.”Jayden shrugged. “Father Bancroft is an area leader, so the church is our base, but elsewhere itcould be a synagogue, mosque, Buddhist temple. Any holy place will do. We fight demons, not eachother.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great deeds, great blessings.
Sue Fitzmaurice|Our wounds can so easily turn us into people we don't want to be, and we hardly see it happening. Protect your heart, love yourself, and be with people who love and care for you.
Erich Segal, Love Story|He had then warned his daughter not to violate the Eleventh Commandment."Which one is that?" I asked her."Do not bullshit thy father," she said.
Laura Schlessinger|When you dare to dream, dare to follow that dream; dare to suffer through the pain, sacrifice, self-doubts and friction from the world.
José N. Harris|Each of our lives’ is a separate and precious journey. No matter how happy, sad, painful, tragic or confusing it may by, it is unique and beautiful. No matter if we hurt others or if we ourselves were hurt, it happened and it is part of our story. If we think we can have complete control over this journey, our journey will wake us up… usually with a very unpleasant surprise.More than genetics, money or education, it is our journey who defines who we are. It defines what kind of person you are. Not the experiences you encountered nor the happy or traumatic events you may have endured. But rather how we dealt with those events and how we continue to deal with those events; when we evaluate ourselves and how we treat others. Your journey is part of your story. But it is not the complete story of who and how you are. You are a soul, a spirit, who has traveled through this life and along the way; you learned and gathered bits and pieces from here and there. And you, yourself, have woven together a soul, a spirit. And that is who you are today. You define… you.Oh, and just in case you thought your journey, your story was over… surprise, its not. So keep weaving. You are not finished yet. It is never to late to define who you are.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|It is for people we care nothing about that we demand happiness on any terms: with our friends, our lovers, our children we are exacting and would rather see. them suffer much than be happy in contemptible and estranging modes. If God is Love, He is, by definition something more than mere kindness. And it appears, from all the records that though He has often rebuded us, condemned us, He has never regarded us with contempt. He has paid us the intolerable compliment of loving us, in the deepest, most tragic, most inexcusable sense.
Winifred Gallagher|One of Job's great strengths was knowing how to focus. " Deciding what not to do is as important as deciding what to do, " he said. " That's true for companies, and it's true for products.
Auliq Ice|Never undervalue who you are, and NEVER underestimate what you are capable of.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf Hunting|Paul and Lori had cuddled the rest of the night in her bed after showering. He decided that if they didn't mate soon, he wasn't going to last. How would it sound for an alpha SEAL wolf to beg?
Ian McEwan, Amsterdam|I rode up, walked past a few miles of wallpaper that was someone's revenge for life's disappointments.
Jenny Slate|Citizens, the priority now is to recover trust between the Egyptian - amongst the Egyptians and to have trust and confidence in our economy and international reputation and the fact that the change that we have embarked on will carry on and there's no going back to the old days.
Daniel Hill, White Awake: An Honest Look at What It Means to Be White|Being different is not a sin, but intolerance is.
Arthur Crandon, Deadly Election|In my view, there are many different kinds of hugs. There are the ones you give to huggers, people who hug all the time. These, to me, are by far the least special of all hugs. I see the outstretched arms for the third time in as many days-the expectation of an embrace- and I am drawn in by a feeling of good manners rather than sincere closeness. It's like shaking hands. There are also those I hug only once in a great while because I hardly ever see then, but who I don't necessarily feel that close to. Those kinds of hugs are probably the most awkward. I'm expected to hug so I do it, even if I'm not sure I want to. Hugs like these are brief, and I am always left wondering what sort of look the other person had on their face where I couldn't see. And then there are HUGS. Like the hugs my parents give me when I'm having a bad day, any sort of hug from Armon the giant, or a hug like the one with Yipes right now. Yipes and I are not apt to embrace each other unless there's a good reason to do it, but when there is a good reason, it's a hug that feels like it ought to.
Patricia Briggs, Silence Fallen|But our mercy has a cost, and it might be our lives.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
Willy Dingell|I sat at my desk, poured myself a glass of wine, and pondered life...my profession...was it meaningless? I took a long, drawn-back swig of the bourbon and slammed down the glass. I only then noticed the stream of filtered light illuminating through the window, through the partially drawn shades. It was beautiful. I thought to myself, "I am a critic. My life is criticizing the works of others, the joys of others, the very essence of what others have toiled, agonized and gone mad over. "I am a critic. I write in a magazine about how I don't like what someone else likes, merely because they wrote it." Write what you love, they always say. "I am a hater," I said, pondering the beautiful sunlight and my glass of alcohol, "...but I hate for the enjoyment of others.
Geoffrey Wood, The God Cookie|Scattered across the Roman Empire, it was only natural for the gospel writers to distance themselves from the Jewish independence movement by erasing, as much as possible, any hint of radicalism or violence, revolution or zealotry, from the story of Jesus, and to adapt Jesus's words and actions to the new political situation in which they found themselves.
Albert Einstein|Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content.
J. Valor, Salome|His mind turned, gradually comprehending, memories flooding his awareness that were not his own: memories from the timelessness before the Being within him had fallen into this body; of a Homeworld and a Consortium of Light that had sent two Beings away to prove themselves worthy—of one another and of their place in their own world.
J.Z. Colby, Journey|I don't think Tera is capable of working with you by her own choice, no matter how much grass you pull for her, no matter how much you brush her. I think she's more like ... a three or four-year-old child, and you are her mother. Mothers must be firm with their children, sometimes make them do what needs to be done, sometimes even punish them.
Charles Hayes|They were not bound to regard with affection a thing that could not sympathise with one amongst them; a heterogeneous thing, opposed to them in temperament, in capacity, in propensities; a useless thing, incapable of serving their interest, or adding to their pleasure; a noxious thing, cherishing the germs of indignation at their treatment, of contempt of their judgment.  I know that had I been a sanguine, brilliant, careless, exacting, handsome, romping child—though equally dependent and friendless—Mrs. Reed would have endured my presence more complacently; her children would have entertained...
Imran Khan|Liberty, as it is conceived by current opinion, has nothing inherent about it; it is a sort of gift or trust bestowed on the individual by the state pending good behavior.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|Jessica walked away from Aaron and Ken, flashing them both a big smile. They were both very attractive – she had dated each of them a number of times. In fact, not too long ago she had contemplated falling in love with Ken for lack of anything better to do.
Jessica Lave|In the realm of ideas, everything depends on enthusiasm. ... In the real world, all rests on perseverance.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|Such grief might be to them quite delicious, a delicacy.
Theodore Roosevelt|No one cares how much you know, until they know how much you care
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|So what does that actually mean?''To be honest, Ghastly, I haven't a bull's notion.''Elder Bespoke should be addressed by his full title,' Tipstaff said.'Of course,' Skulduggery said. 'To be honest, Your Highness, I haven't a bull's notion.
Simon Armitage, Walking Home: A Poet's Journey|The melancholy comes over me, the dismal misery of not knowing where I am, or perhaps losing any sense of who I am, as if the mist is bringing about an evaporation of identity, all the certainties of the self leaching away into the cloud.
Cole Ryan, Money: I Think We've Missed The Point|Jesus seemed to believe that the key to generosity wasn’t having more, but being content with what you already have.
Jillian Rose Reed|I think the written word is probably the best medium of communication because you have time to reflect, you have time to choose your words, to get your sentences exactly right. Whereas when you're being interviewed, say, you have to talk on the fly, you have to improvise, you can change sentences around, and they're not exactly right.
Sunday Adelaja|If you desire to be rich with joy, you have to be truly dedicated to God and His work.
António R. Damásio|WE ALMOST NEVER think of the present, and when we do, it is only to see what light it throws on our plans for the future.
Napoleon Hill|Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|As my father always says, there’s no shame in being poor, but it can be damned inconvenient.
James Prescott Joule|The goal, I submit, is obvious: subjugating the world (which is barbarian, dangerous, envious and ungrateful) to US power for the sake of America's interests.
Paul Asay, God on the Streets of Gotham: What the Big Screen Batman Can Teach Us about God and Ourselves|I don't know why I wanted a girl,' he says, as if to himself. 'I mean, I wouldn't swap Louis, but when they said, 'It's a boy!', I thought: 'Oh, well.' Everyone else was incredibly pleased that it was a boy – grandparents are always very pleased when it's a boy for some reason. Another one's on the way, and I hope it's going to be a girl. After that, I'll stop. I think it can be a real mistake to sort of plug away for a particular sex … you end up having millions and they're all boys.
Brand Blanshard, The Philosophy of Brand Blanshard, Volume 15|The discovery of an interaction among the four hemes made it obvious that they must be touching, but in science what is obvious is not necessarily true. When the structure of hemoglobin was finally solved, the hemes were found to lie in isolated pockets on the surface of the subunits. Without contact between them how could one of them sense whether the others had combined with oxygen? And how could as heterogeneous a collection of chemical agents as protons, chloride ions, carbon dioxide, and diphosphoglycerate influence the oxygen equilibrium curve in a similar way? It did not seem plausible that any of them could bind directly to the hemes or that all of them could bind at any other common site, although there again it turned out we were wrong. To add to the mystery, none of these agents affected the oxygen equilibrium of myoglobin or of isolated subunits of hemoglobin. We now know that all the cooperative effects disappear if the hemoglobin molecule is merely split in half, but this vital clue was missed. Like Agatha Christie, Nature kept it to the last to make the story more exciting. There are two ways out of an impasse in science: to experiment or to think. By temperament, perhaps, I experimented, whereas Jacques Monod thought.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|She cracked a smile. "So what's your poison" He sighed dramatically, and let the truth tumble off his tongue. "Life." "Ah," she said ruefully. "That'll kill you.
Daniel "Z" Hastings, Soulfire|Metaphor is a slippery eel, if it wasn't for its shock I'd stick to the easy catch of prose.
Tiesto|I live in a Moomin house in East London which I fill with blankets and nice crockery and get people round for dinner. When you travel a lot, you feel rootless and adrift - this is my sanctuary, where I can breathe out.
Ameen Rihani|I believe God did intend, in giving us intelligence, to give us the opportunity to investigate and appreciate the wonders of His creation. He is not threatened by our scientific adventures.
Lisa Daily, Single-Minded|He was supposed to be the one I loved forever. But he never saw the tears stream down my face. Never knew the hurt and humiliation and anguish. He just disappeared into the night,
B. B. King|Since we can't know what knowledge will be most needed in the future, it is senseless to try to teach it in advance. Instead, we should try to turn out people who love learning so much and learn so well that they will be able to learn whatever needs to be learned.
George Bernard Shaw|If there were a party of those who aren't sure they're right, I'd belong t
Rick Gekoski, Darke|...begged them as we read our literary texts, only to listen. To wrench open - it takes an effort of will - the portcullis to their teenage hearts for just a couple of hours once a week, to humbly admit another, and better - a Yeats or Shakespeare, a Crazy Jane or Hamlet - and to welcome them, to allow for those tiny spots of time some vibration in the jelly of being, that makes, once it has settled, a subtle new mould... Otherwise, I would observe tartly...you are merely going to become a product of your family, the few friends you might make and the few lovers you may garner...nothing more than a function of your upbringing - a type. Whereas, if you will only read, and listen, you will admit a multiplicity of voices and points of view, consider them with some humility, allow them gracious entrance however strident or discordant some of them may sound, then you will grow and change, and each of these voices will become a constituent part of who you become, an atom of growing being. It is literature and only literature than can do this.
M.H. Rakib|Never struggle against any obstacle; Observe, concentrate and witness;Accept, indulge to transform and overcome,For or against, but with equal respect and in totality.
Denis Waitley|If you're not really having a good time, it's not worth it.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|There is a host of angels surrounding you, Rebecca. Not figuratively. Literally. With wings spread far to encompass you, protect you with their Light. Remember that they are with you—see them with your heart and soul—whenever you are forced to engage in battle with forces that seek and have become, through their own will, evil.
Robert L. O'Connell, The Ghosts of Cannae: Hannibal & the Darkest Hour of the Roman Republic|Polybius managed to attach himself to the clan and person of Scipio Aemilianus, grandson of one of the two losing consuls at Cannae,
Neil Gaiman|I’m an author. We don’t want to lead. We don’t need to follow. We stay home and make stuff up and write it down and send it out into the world, and get inside people’s heads. Perhaps we change the world and perhaps we don’t. We never know. We just make stuff up.
Real Friends|I said I'm selfish, I'm a liar and I'm brokenShit runs through my head every day that I would never tell anyoneYou're just like meThe only difference is that I'm honest enough to scream my flaws in the lines of this song
John Lennon|Like it or not, the world evolves, priorities change and so do you.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|There were ten tongues within one head, and one went out to fetch some bread, to feed the living and the dead." "What does it mean?" "A wren made a nest inside the skull of a gibbeted corpse, flying in and out of the jaw to feed its young. In the midst of death, as it were, life just keeps on happening.
Richard Price, Clockers|When you release the illusion of control, you begin an effortless free-fall toward a grand reunion with your original self.
Aprilynne Pike, Illusions|He seems like a man who knows what he wants, and the problem is he wants what I want.
Cindy Skaggs, Untouchable|No living person could disappear like Sofia. She’d have a go-bag stashed somewhere. Money and passports and disguises, with just enough ice to evaporate.
Bertrand Russell|After all, you’re only an immortal until someone manages to kill you. After that, you were just long-lived.
Edgar Allan Poe|It's far easier to write why something is terrible than why it's good. If you're reviewing a film and you decide "This is a movie I don't like," basically you can take every element of the film and find the obvious flaw, or argue that it seems ridiculous, or like a parody of itself, or that it's not as good as something similar that was done in a previous film. What's hard to do is describe why you like something. Because ultimately, the reason things move people is very amorphous. You can be cerebral about things you hate, but most of the things you like tend to be very emotive.
Robin Sacredfire|Always seemed to me, as far as conscience goes, the sweet spot is you either be poor enough you can't afford to have one or rich enough you can afford to hire someone to carry the weight.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Enjoy good times, endure adversity.
Alysha Speer, Sharden|I did not ask for consciousness, yet it came to me.And I had to know.Once again, I crawled away from my bed and pushed the computer cord back into the socket.It took three minutes.I quickly identified myself and put in my password.Then it thought.I wanted to bounce impatiently, but I couldn’t make myself move.At last, I found the internet, and I typed in a name, on the company page, under my account.I searched ‘images’.And there, on the screen in front of me, was the most beautiful person I’d ever seen.I couldn’t stop the tears from welling up and spilling over as I stared back at the smiling face.It couldn’t be him.It was.Derek Erickson.And I was going to kill him.
Malik Daniyal Sakhawat|life is hard to explain, difficult to understand but you still need life.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|No matter how corrupt, greedy, and heartless our government, our corporations, our media, and our religious & charitable institutions may become, the music will still be wonderful.
Sanford Kwinter, Architectures of Time: Toward a Theory of the Event in Modernist Culture|With Me, I want the Bank of America to know that I'm fucking alive.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Keeping the box closed just keeps you in the dark, not the universe... but failing to open the box doesn't kill the cat.
Alan Beck|They smile that smile, they bat those eyes. They steal with hello, they kill you with goodbye. They're the perfect drug. As you're walking away, you hear that sweet voice, 'Stay.
Sai Marie Johnson|They said the doctors could tell from the scars.""Stop.""Scars can tell you how old the wound is.""Stop.""When I stopped going to school, they came and found me. They found me in the closet.""Sarah.
Jonathan A.C. Brown|What are the chances that of all 1.59629 quadrillion square feet of physical land on planet Earth, three major world religions are literally fighting over one single rock?
William Shakespeare|Your average witch is not, by nature, a social animal as far as other witches are concerned. There's a conflict of dominant personalities. There's a group of ringleaders without a ring. There's the basic unwritten rule of witchcraft, which is 'Don't do what you will, do what I say.' The natural size of a coven is one. Witches only get together when they can't avoid it.
Kanza Javed, Ashes, Wine and Dust|After everything is said and done, a memory remains a treacherous thing…How long does one cling on to the people they’ve lost? How long could I have remembered my grandfather? How long had it been since I forgotten him and my mind began harbouring other things?
Thea Harrison, Spellbinder|Giving her a slow, coaxing smile that turned the heat in the room up by a thousand degrees, he stroked her lips with the balls of his thumbs as he murmured, “Can we get back to talking about possibly inviting that werewolf for sex?
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|Appealing workplaces are to be avoided. One wants a room with no view, so imagination can meet memory in the dark.
Tanith Lee, Delusion's Master|The bitterness of joy lies in the knowledge that it cannot last. Nor should joy last beyond a certain season, for, after that season, even joy would become merely habit.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|There's a wonderful, perhaps apocryphal story that people tell about Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the brilliant, prickly, and iconoclastic late senator from New York. Apparently, Moynihan was in a heated argument with one of his colleagues over an issue, and the other senator, sensing he was on the losing side of the argument, blurted out: 'Well, you may disagree with me, Pat, I'm entitled to my own opinion." To which Moynihan frostily replied, "You are entitled to you own opinion, but you are not entitled to you own facts.
Serafima|She needed to get out of there. Her brains, thankfully, were still safely in her skull, but her emotions were splattered on the pavement.
Steven Adler|I grew up listening to spiritual music, Blind Willie Johnson and folk.
Mary Oliver, New and Selected Poems, Vol. 1|Look, the treesare turningtheir own bodiesinto pillarsof light,are giving off the richfragrance of cinnamonand fulfillment,the long tapersof cattailsare bursting and floating away overthe blue shouldersof the ponds,and every pond,no matter what itsname is, isnameless now.Every yeareverythingI have ever learnedin my lifetimeleads back to this: the firesand the black river of losswhose other sideis salvation,whose meaningnone of us will ever know.To live in this worldyou must be ableto do three things:to love what is mortal;to hold itagainst your bones knowingyour own life depends on it;and, when the time comes to let it go,to let it go.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Since art is considered a noble field, art should be used to promote all that is good and noble, and in a noble fashion.
Mercedes Lackey|This I think I have learned: where there is love, the form does not matter, and the gods are pleased. This I have observed: what occurs in nature, comes by the hand of nature, and if the gods did not approve, it would not be there~ Moondance k'Treva (Magic's Pawn)
Robert Dunbar, Dark Forest|Thing is," Grial said in a conspiratorial voice, "let me tell you a little secret, girlie. That road- those roads, all roads and paths in fact- they never end. You might think they do. You might think they just narrow and fade and disappear in the hoary depths of the forest? Not so, not at all! They merely go into hiding, and you just have to search a bit harder to see them.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|There is no repentance where a man can talk lightly of sin, much less where he can speak tenderly and lovingly of it.
Mandy Moore|Tyga's one of my best friends ever, so it's so much fun to travel with him. I always like having my friends out on the road with me.
Dianna Hardy, The Witching Pen|You ever had a hickey? I want to give you a hickey.""Karl, we're not fourteen!""Don't bloody care. I was in love with you when I was fourteen -- your neck owes me a hickey."(Karl & Elena)
Holly Ducarte, Hiding Bones: The Best Poetry of Hiding Skeletons & Literary Bones|She senses your vulnerability, and reassures that every dream you’ve ever whispered in the night, or secret desires you dared not speak, are all within the palm of her hand
Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North|What was a prisoner of war anyway? Less than a man, just material to be used to make the railway, like the teak sleepers and steel rails and dog spikes.
P. T. Barnum|Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving.
Owen Feltham|Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.
R.A. Salvatore, Starless Night|It is a defeat of the spirit to learn one's arrogance causes such loss and pain. Pride invites you to soar to heights and the footing, tentative. farther, then, is the fall.
Paige Omartian|God wants us to delight in living His purpose for us, which is why our passion plays a huge part!
Hod Lipson|Google has placed its faith in data, while Apple worships the power of design. This dichotomy made the two companies complementary. Apple would ship the phones and computers, while Google would provide Maps, Search, YouTube, and other web tools that made the devices more useful.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|... we decided to create a Nothing Place in the living room, it seemed necessary, because there are times when one needs to disappear while in the living room, and sometimes one simply wants to disappear, we made this zone slightly larger so that one of us could lie down in it, it was a rule that you never would look at that rectangle of space, it didn't exist, and when you were in it, neither did you, for a while that was enough, but only for a while, we required more rules, on our second anniversary we marked off the entire guest room as a Nothing Place, it seemed like a good idea at the time, sometimes a small patch at the foot of the bed or a rectangle in the living room isn't enough privacy, the side of the door that faced the guest room was Nothing, the side that faced the hallway was Something, the knob that connected them was neither Something nor Nothing. The walls of the hallway were Nothing, even pictures need to disappear, especially pictures, but the hallway itself was Something, the bathtub was Nothing, the bathwater was Something, the hair on our bodies was Nothing, of course, but once it collected around the drain it was Something, we were trying to make our lives easier, trying, with all of our rules, to make life effortless. But a friction began to arise between Nothing and Something, in the morning the Nothing vase cast a Something shadow, like the memory of someone you've lost, what can you say about that, at night the Nothing light from the guest room spilled under the Nothing door and stained the Something hallway, there's nothing to say. It became difficult to navigate from Something to Something without accidentally walking through Nothing, and when Something—a key, a pen, a pocketwatch—was accidentally left in a Nothing Place, it never could be retrieved, that was an unspoken rule, like nearly all of our rules have been. There came a point, a year or two ago, when our apartment was more Nothing than Something, that in itself didn't have to be a problem, it could have been a good thing, it could have saved us. We got worse. I was sitting on the sofa in the second bedroom one afternoon, thinking and thinking and thinking, when I realized I was on a Something island. "How did I get here," I wondered, surrounded by Nothing, "and how can I get back?" The longer your mother and I lived together, the more we took each other's assumptions for granted, the less was said, the more misunderstood, I'd often remember having designated a space as Nothing when she was sure we had agreed that it was Something, our unspoken agreements led to disagreements, to suffering, I started to undress right in front of her, this was just a few months ago, and she said, "Thomas! What are you doing!" and I gestured, "I thought this was Nothing," covering myself with one of my daybooks, and she said, "It's Something!" We took the blueprint of our apartment from the hallway closet and taped it to the inside of the front door, with an orange and a green marker we separated Something from Nothing. "This is Something," we decided. "This is Nothing." "Something." "Something." "Nothing." "Something." "Nothing." "Nothing." "Nothing." Everything was forever fixed, there would be only peace and happiness, it wasn't until last night, our last night together, that the inevitable question finally arose, I told her, "Something," by covering her face with my hands and then lifting them like a marriage veil. "We must be." But I knew, in the most protected part of my heart, the truth.
Mark  Jackman, There's Something About Dying|My mortgage isn’t getting any cheaper and I can’t run that Ferrari on faith alone," Revernd Jones said. "Don’t get me wrong, the Big Man Upstairs does what he can but I’ve never once seen him filling up the tank of my car.
Victor Dunsin|A nation that is divided, need love to be united.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Stars are fires that burn for thousands of years. Some of them burn slow and long, like red dwarfs. Others-blue giants-burn their fuel so fast they shine across great distances, and are easy to see. As they start to run out of fuel, they burn helium, grow even hotter, and explode in a supernova. Supernovas, they're brighter than the brightest galaxies. They die, but everyone watches them go.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Those who love, truly love, can be coerced into nothing.
Dorothy Parker, Enough Rope|So, now I've been to see a drug counselor who told me I need to lay off the drugs and talk about my feelings, and a shrink who heard what I had to say and immediately put me on drugs.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer|This act [creation], as it is for God, must always remain totally inconceivable to man. For we--even our poets and musicians and inventors--never, in the ultimate sense make. We only build. We always have materials to build from. All we can know about the act of creation must be derived from what we can gather about the relation of the creatures to their Creator
Ross  Turner, Midnight|It is often said that things must get worse before they can get better, and there is truth in that.
Pat Conroy|You have to pay for this view (onto which he looks while writing), so our expenses keep us pretty motivated to write. It's a vicious cycle.
Betty White, If You Ask Me|If one has no sense of humor, one is in trouble.
Katy Kauffman, 2 Timothy: Winning the Victory|Unless some people are commissioned for the task, there will be no gospel preachers; unless the gospel is preached, sinners will not hear Christ’s message and voice; unless they hear him, they will not believe the truths of his death and resurrection; unless they believe these truths, they will not call on him; and unless they call on his name, they will not be saved.
Christina Dodd|The way to fight a woman is with your hat. Grab it and run.The guy who said that was a wise man. He knew what most men don't - Women are powerful creatures who should be handled with care, or they can become very, very dangerous.
Daveed Diggs|I'm in love with lots of different things. I do love love, though. I don't think love should make you feel uneasy. When you feel sick, I don't think that's love - that's infatuation. Someone who makes you feel like that is exciting - it's the one that you imagine when you think of an amazing affair - but that's not actually a stable love.
Martin Buber, I and Thou|Not many boys like boys; but they like being a boy, showing it, being it together" (22)(rbt: where does this come from? this being a boy, which is also a doing -- this being wrapped in desire? who teaches it? how? when?)
Kim Harrison, Dead Witch Walking|Ivy turned. 'He bit you on the neck?' she said, deadpan serious but for her eyes. 'Oh, then it's got to be love. She won't let me bite her neck.
Keri Wyatt Kent, Deeper into the Word: Reflections on 100 Words From the New Testament|In the Old Testament…God is the owner of the vineyard. Here He is the Keeper, the Farmer, the One who takes care of the vineyard. Jesus is the genuine Vine, and the Father takes care of Him…In the Old Testament it is prophesied that the Lord Jesus would grow up before Him as a tender plant and as a root out of the dry ground. Think how often the Father intervened to save Jesus from the devil who wished to slay Him. The Father is the One who cared for the Vine, and He will care for the branches, too.
Nicholas Sparks|I drive around on my scooter in Milan alone - we don't have bodyguards or anything like that. I am a fashion designer, not a celebrity, and although I get stopped for autographs and the like, I don't think I am famous.
Nikki Rowe|We can try and push eachother away, we can try and deny what we feel but when two hearts have connected and two souls have been reminded of love there is simply no way fate can keep us apart.
Adam Scott|For some reason, every time I get a little bit under the weather, I've got zero patience.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|Life seems to be a process of replacing one anxiety with another and substituting one desire for another--which is not to say that we should never strive to overcome any of our anxieties or fulfil any of our desires, but rather to suggest that we should perhaps build into our strivings an awareness of the way our goals promise us a respite and a resolution that they cannot, by definition, deliver.
Waseem Latif|Be careful about financial offers that often come by email. Before you respond to such an offer, ask yourself: do I really need a new problem?
Rosalynn Carter|Poverty is about people lacking the tools they need to get on in life. And solving it is about tackling educational failure, antisocial behaviour, debt problems and addiction, and of course it's about work.
Shirō Yuiga|As a mistress, death seemed lacking in many essentials. Therefore, I decided not to die.
Andrew Weil|The sport of horse racing which, at its best, showcases the majestic beauty of this animal and the athleticism of jockeys, has reached an alarming level of corruption and exploitation.
Venus Williams|My mum is bright, ambitious, well read, political and very bolshie: when my dad was conscripted into the Army and posted to Libya, she convinced some general to let her go with him. I don't know how she managed it.
Deyth Banger, The Diary 2|Kira is our god,That's who does in this world justice, It's not KARMA!
Thucydides|For Mercy has a human heart;Pity, a human face;And Love, the human form divine:And Peace the human dress.Songs of InnocenceCruelty has a human heartAnd jealousy a human face,Terror the human form divine,And secrecy the human dress.The human dress is forged iron,The human form a fiery forge,The human face a furnace seal'd,The human heart its hungry gorge.Songs of Experience - This poem was discovered posthumously.
Charlie Brooker|Until recently, I was an ebook sceptic, see; one of those people who harrumphs about the “physical pleasure of turning actual pages” and how ebook will “never replace the real thing”. Then I was given a Kindle as a present. That shut me up. Stock complaints about the inherent pleasure of ye olde format are bandied about whenever some new upstart invention comes along. Each moan is nothing more than a little foetus of nostalgia jerking in your gut. First they said CDs were no match for vinyl. Then they said MP3s were no match for CDs. Now they say streaming music services are no match for MP3s. They’re only happy looking in the rear-view mirror.
Judith Ryan Hendricks|But this isn't a ghost story: the ghost is in the background, where she has to be. If she was in the foreground she'd be a person.
V.M.  Clark, The Hypothesis|Yesterday I was talking to a friend, and she mentioned there was a difference in me. She asked if I was happy, and commented that she noticed I seemed less excited about life. When I probed deeper, she commented I used to be excited about writing, my play, etc. Not that I needed to explain, but I felt she needed to hear this:"I am not one of those writers who cranks out book after book. Yes, when I was writing my first book and when I was working on my play, I was all in. It felt like a calling. I was driven to do it...but I'm so much more than a writer. I'm in a new phase of my life. I'm exploring other interests. My focus is different-no less exciting-but different all the same. I'm comfortable with that, and I need you to be comfortable with it, too. I'm contented. I like that word better than happy. I'm always up to something. Don't be distracted by my seriousness. That usually means I'm thinking. If something were wrong, I have no trouble reaching out for help. I'm keenly in touch with myself."I say this to say, folk will measure you by a past accomplishment (or failure in some cases) and forever hold you to that standard. It's okay to change your path...to follow your dreams...to allow room for another passion. You don't need anyone's permission.
Tracy McMillan|Some major writers have a huge impact, like Ayn Rand, who to my mind is a lousy fiction writer because her writing has no compassion and virtually no humor. She has a philosophical and economical message that she is passing off as fiction, but it really isn't fiction at all.
Salman Rushdie|Fury...sexual, Oedipal, political, magical, brutal....drives us to our finest heights and coarsest depths
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|I didn't know that I've completely left them all in the past. There's a part of me, wishing and hoping, that she would come back for me, and we would start a new life together, but she didn't.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|Colleges hate geniuses, just as convents hate saints.
Laurie Halse Anderson|Censoring books that deal with difficult, adolescent issues does not protect anybody. Quite the opposite. It leaves kids in the darkness and makes them vulnerable. Censorship is the child of fear and the father of ignorance. Our children cannot afford to have the truth of the world withheld from them
William Stafford, A Scripture of Leaves|I Have a Witness" Sometimes a center the soul can recognize will speak from anywhere , inside a mountain, or froma whirlwind ... The world can take, the soulrestores. A million wrong voices proclaim One light lives forever.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Still hate the water, bitch?""Wh-What?
Paul Scott, The Jewel in the Crown|He turned, as he spoke, a peculiar look in her direction, a look of hatred unless he has a most perverse set of facial muscles that will not, like those of other people, interpret the language of his soul.
Emily Bleeker, Wreckage|Love doesn’t die with death. Love is like liquid; when it pours out, it seeps into others’ lives. Love changes form and shape. Love gets into everything. Death doesn’t conquer all; love does. Love wins every single time. Love wins by lasting through death. Love wins by loving more, loving again, loving without fear.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Believe you know all the answers, and you know all the answers. Believe you're a master, and you are.
Philip Gibbs|Man, who is he? Too bad, to be the work of God: Too good for the work of chance!
Alison Jackson|Women love with their ears, men with their eyes.
Ian Stewart, The Collapse of Chaos: Discovering Simplicity in a Complex World|If our brains were simple enough for us to understand them, we'd be so simple that we couldn't.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|All right, God, say that You are really there. You have put me in this fix. You want to test me. Suppose I test You? Suppose I say that You are not there? You've given me a supreme test with my parents and with these boils. I think that I have passed Your test. I am tougher than You. If You will come down here right now, I will spit into Your face, if You have a face. And do You shit? The priest never answered that question. He told us not to doubt. Doubt what? I think that You have been picking on me too much so I am asking You to come down here so I can put You to the test! I waited. Nothing. I waited for God. I waited and waited. I believe I slept.
Ben Jonson, Volpone; Or, the Fox|Mere instruction in morality is not sufficient to nurture the virtues. It might even backfire, especially when the presentation is heavily exhortative and the pupil's will is coerced. Instead a compelling vision of the goodness of goodness itself needs to be presented in a way that is attractive and stirs the imagination.
Isobel Irons, Promiscuous|I cannot believe I have been duped, not once but twice. My three years gaining a degree in psychology was clearly a waste of time. I might as well have studied Klingon.
Shannon L. Alder|It is well for us when prayers about our sorrows are linked with pleas concerning our sins—when, being under God's hand, we are not wholly taken up with our pain, but remember our offences against God.
Carson McCullers, Reflections in a Golden Eye|It wasn't some Puritan thing. Straight-edge was asking adherents to take control of their lives, not to be blind consumers, and not to be tricked into thinking that drinking and drugs were cool since in fact they were the tools of a previous generation
Jack Lessenberry|Democracy is always an unfinished experiment, testing the capacity of each generation to live freedom nobly.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|He felt his heart pounding fiercely in his chest. How strange that in his dread of death, it pumped all the harder, valiantly keeping him alive. But it would have to stop, and soon. Its beats were numbered. How many would there be time for, as he rose and walked through the castle for the last time, out into the grounds and into the forest?
Carli Lloyd|These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness and worship without awareness.
Renée Paule|If you look to others for fulfillment, you will never truly be fulfilled. If your happiness depends on money, you will never be happy with yourself. Be content with what you have; rejoice in that way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
Molly Friedenfeld|Fairies with gossamer wings, Bring forth beauty, grace and joyful things. Fairies of the earth are caretakers of our soil, water and trees,They watch over beautiful creatures such as bears, bunnies and bees.Fairies ask that you breathe in and appreciate the vantage point from which you stand,Then trod carefully and respectfully with each intentional step you make across this beautiful land.
Marsha Altman, The Darcys & the Bingleys|I didn't say what kind of book. You have a foul mind Bingley.""Don't mock me on my sister's wedding day!""I mocked you on yours; I hardly see how this is as bad," was Darcy's reply.
J. B. Priestley|A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up.
David Richo, How to Be an Adult: A Handbook on Psychological and Spiritual Integration|In the hero stories, the call to go on a journey takes the form of a loss, an error, a wound, an unexplainable longing, or a sense of a mission. When any of these happens to us, we are being summoned to make a transition. It will always mean leaving something behind,...The paradox here is that loss is a path to gain.
Sahara Sanders, The Honest Book of International Dating: Smart Dating Strategies for Men|With great hope in their hearts and wholehearted belief in their eyes during each new attempt, they keep on using the same approach over and over again, and always FAIL... Yet every time they expect that somehow a totally different result will magically occur!They are “stepping on to the same rake,” and each time they’re surprised and angry when the rake handle hits them on the forehead again. But they keep seeing the reasons for their failures as just another hurtful kick from life—not a result of their own actions, which cause these setbacks. They just keep on blaming the rakes!
Spuds Crawford|When you argue with someone, you always argue at the level of the person with the lowest level of intelligence. You never argue up.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|Evil doesn't always have one face, Ethan.
James Madison|This avidity alone, of acquiring goods and possessions for ourselves and our nearest friends, is insatiable, perpetual, universal, and directly destructive of society.
Bill Blais|Demons exist,' he says simply, as if talking about the weather. 'They are real and they are dangerous. We hunt them when necessary and return them when we can.
Melanie Dickerson, The Captive Maiden|Of the good in you I can speak, but not of the evil.For what is evil but good tortured by it’s own hunger and thirst?Verily when good is hungry it seeks food even in dark caves, and when it thirsts it drinks even of dead waters.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|We have an internal check and balance system. By design we are so filled with possibility, opportunity, with greatness that when we live small, within the bottom of our capability, we innately know we should be living greater than that, and it creates a disconnect inside that leads us to feeling empty, unhappy, maybe even depressed.
Ronald Reagan|Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards, if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Leaders make impacts. If your riches don’t help you to make impacts, you aren’t leading anyone; rather, money is leading you.
Andrew Vachss|I'd like to get back home to Nova Scotia more, but thankfully, with technology you can call and text and FaceTime. But physically being in Toronto or Nova Scotia... there's nothing like it.
Carroll Bryant|I saw America's economy last night, people raiding dumpsters at a higher rate than normal in my home town. Digging through garbage shouldn't be a career. Thanks Democrats. Thanks Republicans.
Ariel Books|To the poet, to the philosopher, to the saint, all things are friendly and sacred, all events profitable, all days holy, all men divine.
Karl Wiggins, Shit my History Teacher DID NOT tell me!|Lest anyone dispute that the Bible is not the inspired Word of God but rather the direct and dictated Word of God, let us consider the uniqueness of the 66 books of the Bible. Why is it that we can tell that a certain book of the Bible was written by one author rather than another? Why do the different books of the Bible use different languages (e.g., Greek, Hebrew) and different vocabularies? Why are the styles of books like Proverbs and Chronicles so different from one another? It is because people were vessels for the inspiration of God, but they were not empty vessels; God did not bypass their humanity. The way in which these people recorded their encounters with God bears the indelible stamp of their place in time, their culture, and their individual personalities.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of Time|The Culture gives us so much, but in fact it’s only taking things away from us, lobotimizings everybody in it, taking away their choices, their potential for being really good or even slightly bad.
Bhavya Kaushik|What should I call you? A friend, a stranger, or a lover? I remember the day you laid your eyes on me the first time. There was just something unwavering about that moment. It wasn’t peaceful or absolute. It was definite. Something that was bound to happen. It was like as if our souls were waiting for us to collide. And oh we did! We collided like meteors, giving this universe a spectacular view. From my 2 am thought that used to keep me up at night, you soon became my 2 am call. From an almost stranger to my skin, you became a part of me. But just like every collision, ours also had to end in destruction. The 2 am call soon became a 2 am thought. The thought still keeps me up at night, but not for the same reasons. From strangers to lovers and lovers to strangers again, our journey hasn’t been ordinary. Someone asked me about you today and for a moment, I didn’t know what to call you. Who are you to me now? A friend – no. Definitely not a lover. I guess, you and I – we are just strangers with memories.
Gene Weingarten, The Fiddler in the Subway: The Story of the World-Class Violinist Who Played for Handouts. . . And Other Virtuoso Performances by America's Foremost Feature Writer|Let’s put to rest one cliché. You can sell refrigerators to Eskimos. The people of Savoonga are Yupiks, the westernmost of the Eskimo tribes, closer to Siberians than American Eskimos in their appearance, and their customs, and their distinctive, liquidly sibilant native language. And, yes, they all have refrigerators. In the winter, food gets freezer burn if left out in the elements. Eskimos need refrigerators to keep their food warm.
Bella Vespira|Brokenness to redemption, where mercy and grace kiss both sides of our face.Brokenness where we are split open.Redemption where God knits us back together.Mercy when we don't get the punishment we do deserve. Grace when we get the lavish love gifts we don't deserve. So here we are.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Of course, fall isn't just about preparing for winter. It's also about sitting on the patio in a worn wool sweater and warming your hands over the swirl of steam rising from a coffee cup. It's about walking across a darkened yard and seeing a flight of geese cross the face of a full moon. It's about settling in, relishing sights and sensations of a world slowing down.
Audrey McLaughlin|When you listen, it's amazing what you can learn. When you act on what you've learned, it's amazing what you can change.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|This house sheltered us, we spoke, we loved within those walls. That was yesterday. To-day we pass on, we see it no more, and we are different, changed in some infinitesimal way. We can never be quite the same again.
T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets|The historical sense involves a perception, not only of the pastness of the past, but of its presence
Deon Potgieter, Rose of Soweto: The Dingaan Thobela Story|I have drawn things since I was six. All that I made before the age of sixty-five is not worth counting. At seventy-three I began to understand the true construction of animals, plants, trees, birds, fishes, and insects. At ninety I will enter into the secret of things. At a hundred and ten, everything--every dot, every dash--will live
Elayne Boosler|I am thankful I was born in America, although if I gain any more weight the burqa thing may start to seem like a good idea to me. See? Another plus about America, you can always find some food.
Addison Lane, Drowning Fergus|Perhaps the Queen's prayers, and those of Bernard, had been efficacious, or perhaps Louise had been more attentive in bed, for during 1145--the exact date is not recorded--she bore a daughter, who was named Marie in honour of the Virgin. If the infant was not the male heir to France so desired by the King--the Salic law forbade the succession of females to the throne--her arrival encouraged the royal parents to hope for a son in the future.  Relationships between aristocratic parents and children were rarely close. Queens and noblewomen did not nurse their own babies, but handed them over at birth into the care of wet nurses, leaving themselves free to become pregnant again.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|She had inherited a story that was strewn with corpses and clotted with enmity, and was only trying to stay alive in it.
Desmond Tutu|I came, I saw, I conquered.
Kristin Hannah, Firefly Lane|This time I really am going to light the world on fire,' she said, laughing. 'I finally have a fucking match.
Nancee Cain, Tempting Jo|Being content isn’t good enough. You deserve so much more—passion, joy, and excitement...
Judith McNaught, Almost Heaven|Ian saw the tears shimmering in her magnificent eyes and one of them traced unheeded down her smooth cheek.With a raw ache in his voice he said, "If you would take one step forward, darling, you could cry in my arms. And while you do, I'll tell you how sorry I am for everything I've done - " Unable to wait, Ian caught her, pulling her tightly against him. "And when I'm finished," he whispered hoarsely as she wrapped her arms around him and wept brokenly, "you can help me find a way to forgive myself."Tortured by her tears, he clasped her tighter and rubbed his jaw against her temple, his voice a ravaged whisper: "I'm sorry," he told her. He cupped her face between his palms, tipping it up and gazing into her eyes, his thumbs moving over her wet cheeks. "I'm sorry." Slowly, he bent his head, covering her mouth with his. "I'm so damned sorry.
Boniface Sagini|We want instant lunch, instant cure, instant miracles, instant salary, instant success— instant everything. This instant civilization, we have obsessed with, has made us grow a tad too impatient in virtually everything about life. And, of course, that doesn’t serve us so well.
John Marsden, The Dead of Night|Had they not been taken, she asked, to circuses when they were children? Never, he answered, as if she asked the very thing he wanted; had been longing all these days to say, how they did not go to circuses.
Virginia Alison|...and the day will come...Maybe not tomorrow maybe not next week but it will come nevertheless, when you awaken and realise, it just a foolishly beautiful dream...
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|Once information slipped the bonds of gravity and friction, it tended to gather where it was most valuable.
Amy Petrie Shaw, The Tao of the Dippy Cat: A Series of Uncomfortable Incidents and Horrible Happenings|Dippy sniffs box. Dippy cannot comprehend challenging concepts such as "inside" and "outside"- attempts to balance on folded box edge.Dippy falls off box. Box flips over onto Dippy.As Shakespeare would say "There were then divers alarums and great shriekings as of demons or small children under the age of three.
Ryan Tedder|For me, being in a car or on an airplane is like being in limbo. It's this dead zone between two places. But to walk, you're some place that's already interesting. You're not just between places. Things are happening.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ is my Shepherd.
Dana Perino|I want to stay healthy, keep fit, eat well, keep a low profile and be a good dad.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Percy glanced over. He saw the fallen giant and seemed to understand what was happening. He yelled something that was lost in the wind, probably: Go!Then he slammed Riptide into the ice at his feet. The entire glacier shuddered. Ghosts fell to their knees. Behind Percy, a wave surged up from the bay-a wall of gray water even taller than the glacier. Water shot from the chasms and crevices in the ice. As the wave hit, the back half of the camp crumbled. The entire edge of the glacier peeled away, cascading into the void-carrying buildings, ghosts, and Percy Jackson over the edge.
Arshdeep Singh Samrala|Dear Cake,You're AWESOME. That is all
Farshad Asl|Was there ever in anyone's life span a point free in time, devoid of memory, a point when choice was any more than sum of all the choices gone before?
Candace Bushnell, Killing Monica|People are always telling women to lose weight, and then when they do, other women attack them for it.
Adam Snowflake|There is no racism against white people. If you can turn on the tv and see people like you that's not racism. If you can have your favorite characters who are poc race changed to look like you then you don't face racism. If you don't think about Ferguson every single second because your race is being killed every hour, that's not racism. If you don't get called derogatory slurs because of your skin tone that's not racism. If you don't hate your body because of your race that's not racism. If you don't have to go through life knowing people will think of you as ugly or disgusting and hate you simply because your white that's not racism. You don't face racism for being white. Ya people can be jerks about it. But its not institutionalized. That's like saying you face discrimination for being straight. It's not a thing. You don't face racism. You might want to get over that
Dan Wells, I Don't Want to Kill You|Lermontov: Why do you want to dance?Vicky: Why do you want to live?Lermontov: Well, I don't know exactly why, but... I must.Vicky: That's my answer too.
Robin Sacredfire|People always get exactly what they believe to deserve, despite the fact that they may be unhappy with what they have. We are 100% responsible for our destiny, and I would dare to say 200%, because we do create the conditions for the future we end up attracting to our life. But the challenge is in learning to see it, and noticing how we do this. Therefore, there's really nothing to regret about life.
Debasish Mridha|Tie me with love, clip all of my feathers, and take me anywhere.
Richard Dawkins|Hence poetry is something more philosophic and of graver import than history, since its statements are rather of the nature of universals, whereas those of history are singulars.
Socrates|My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.
Joe Lieberman|But whether the Constitution really be one thing, or another, this much is certain - that it has either authorized such a government as we have had, or has been powerless to prevent it. In either case, it is unfit to exist.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|My speaking is meant to shake you awake, not to tell you how to dream better.
Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd|Gray is not a substitute for black and white. You don’t bump into people without saying you’re sorry. When you shake hands, it’s supposed to mean something. If someone is in trouble, you reach out.
Kim Harrison|Tink's a Disneyland whore!"-Jenks
John Varley, Steel Beach|The thrill of working in this building, with its iconic globe on top, would never fade.
John Kenneth Galbraith|Nobody has ever been and most certainly, never would be able to cut the wings of beliefs! Instead, they are nurtured for the needed flight that they give to our otherwise inert lives…
Susan Volland, Love and Meatballs|You smell salty," he says. "Like the ocean." He leans closer to me and licks up the side of my face. "You taste salty too. Maybe I should grab a bottle of tequila and we should have some fun." He moves his eyebrows up and down. "What do you say? We'll do some shots and I'll lick you all over.
Jee, Because It's You|Ah, ya, omong-omong, aku sangat merindukanmu. Apa kau merindukanku juga, mmm?
Elin Hilderbrand, The Rumor|Nothing was a natural predator of productive fiction writing like the cell phone. Ditto the laptop. As she had well learned, the laptop could destroy a day.
David Mamet, Speed-The-Plow|There are a lot of questions I keep asking myself about why I do comedy. I guess I laugh to keep from crying. And I guess if you ever get me crying, I might not stop. This is the way I look at tragedy or else I'll cry.
Robin Wasserman, Girls on Fire|They wanted their girls to be safe. To do what they had to do to conform, to defer, to survive, to grow up. They wanted their girls never to grow up. Never to stop burning. They wanted their girls to say fuck it, to see through the lies, to know their own strength. They wanted their girls to believe the things could be different this time, and they wanted it to be true.They wondered, sometimes, if they'd made a mistake. If it was dangerous, taming the wild, stealing away the words a girl might use to name her secret self. They wondered at the consequences of teaching a girl she was weak instead of warning her she was strong. They wondered, if knowing was power, what happened to power that refused to know itself; they wondered what happened that couldn't be satisfied, to pain that couldn't be felt, a rage that couldn't be spoken.
Anthony Horowitz, Snakehead|I didn't set fire to the building.""No, but you did pull it into the river.""That put the fire out!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The key questions and challenges that we must all continue to pose and remind this key sector (the media) should be, 'Do you realize the power you have, to build and to destroy; to promote success or failure; to bring life or death to a cause or talent; to give a platform or take it away?
David Lynch|Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome.
Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives|We quenched the bulging flame, amongst the ashes embers of fire remain
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|Vision and persistence will take you to the top of the leadership mountain, but only humility will keep you there.
Amy Jo Martin|What society doesn't realize is that in the past, ordinary people respected learning. They respected books, and they don't now, or not very much. That whole respect for serious literature and learning has disappeared.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Attend seminars, forums, conferences, summits and sessions where interesting topics about dream fulfillment and personal branding are prioritized themes and topics. Get exposed to better ways of doing things
Gündüz Vassaf, Prisoners of Ourselves: Totalitarianism in Everyday Life|Before embarking on a voyage, first speak with the ancient sailors, listen to and understand the winds, then patiently make a boat and sail. Yet, even then, be open to other dreams, changes, circumstances. Throughout our lives, we limit ourselves to fixed goals, only to get on the local ferry and just travel the distance between two known points. Yet, we create an illusion of freedom and choice, accompanied by a sense of independence. Thus, we carefully study weather reports, ride on the port side on odd numbered days, starboard on holidays, have tea at fixed times, never speak with those who wear glasses, always smile at those who wear green and of course allow ourselves just the slight possibility of a dream about jumping ship and going off to our island one day. C'est la vie? Our predictably totalitarian lives are an insult to the human spirit.
Andrzej Sapkowski, The Last Wish|People," Geralt turned his head, "like to invent monsters and monstrosities. Then they seem less monstrous themselves. When they get blind-drunk, cheat, steal, beat their wives, starve an old woman, when they kill a trapped fox with an axe or riddle the last existing unicorn with arrows, they like to think that the Bane entering cottages at daybreak is more monstrous than they are. They feel better then. They find it easier to live.
John Marsden, The Dead of Night|When she cried, he would say, "there is nothing wrong with crying. Your feelings tell you who are. They tell what is important. Don't ever be ashamed of them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Courage to dare,Strength to act.
Debasish Mridha|I am a speck of dust in an ocean of time, floating with the waves of change, vanishing with the infinite. I have no time to complain, condemn, or criticize because I am so busy loving, enjoying, appreciating, and being kind.
Vicki M. Taylor, Not Without Anna|With wisdom comes responsibility. Somewhere along the way, I misplaced both.
Steven Erikson, Gardens of the Moon|Freedom, privileges, options, must constantly be exercised, even at the risk of inconvenience. Otherwise they fall into desuetude and become unfashionable, unorthodox—finally irregulationary.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|In the end, history proved the Jews correct. Across time and place, memory lives on the tenacity of a people’s resolve never to forget—not just with words—but with an endless stream of concrete actions rushing every day, every hour, every minute, every second.
Michelle McKinney Hammond|You are priceless— fearfully and wonderfully made. God shaped and modeled you in your mother's womb. God created you in his own image. You were created, redeemed, and are deeply loved and valued by God. Therefore, the man who wants to be involved with you should have to count the cost.
Henry Mintzberg|In the minds of great managers, consistent poor performance is not primarily a matter of weakness, stupidity, disobedience, or disrespect. It is a matter of miscasting.
Vaddey Ratner, In the Shadow of the Banyan|Love hides in all sorts of places, in the most sorrowful corner of your heart, in the darkest and most hopeless situation
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|His reading aloud was constantly improving, and histories were more like radio plays. Perdu suspected that these small children, listening with eyes wide and in rapt concentration, would one day grow up to need reading, with an accompanying sense of wonder and the feeling of having a film running inside your head, as much as they needed air to breathe.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Will had been taken aback in his confrontation with Arisaka to discover that his name- Chocho- meant "Butterfly"... He was puzzled to know why they had selected it. His friends, of course, delighted in helping him guess the reason.'I assume it's because you're such a snazzy dresser,' Evanlyn said. 'You Rangers are a riot of color, after all.'...'I think it might be more to do with the way he raced around the training ground, darting here and there to correct the way a man might be holding his shield, then dashing off to show someone how to put their body weight into their javelin cast,' said Horace, a little more sympathetically. Then he ruined the effect by adding thoughtlessly, 'I must say, your cloak did flutter around like a butterfly's wings.
Alveda King|I know every fight could be my last fight, and if that happens, that's not just a health issue, but I'll be knocked off that king's stool.
George Orwell, 1984|It was somehow slightly frightening, like the gambolling of tiger cubs which will soon grow up into man-eaters.
Arthur Henry King, Abundance of the Heart|literature is a way in which we can learn to live deeper lives -- husband with wife, parent with child, brother with sister, fellow member with fellow member. Most good authors are better than we are. They are much better company than our own friends. What comes from good company? What comes from good company is better manners, greater sensitivity, greater sensibility, greater empathy, great sympathy. Reading good literature makes us more capable of understanding other people, of loving other people, those whom we don't particularly want to love, even our enemies, as well as those closest to us. How can we expect to have full marriages when we are not going into those marriages with full minds and fine sensibilities? We are ignoring the tremendous possibilities of a delicate, well-poised, rich, sensitive life if we ignore the literature of the past. There is no substitute.
Desmond Tutu|If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.
Louis C. K.|I'm doing a new musical on Broadway, which opens in October called 'The Boy from Oz,' where I play Peter Allen. For those of you who don't know, he became first famous in America for marrying Liza Minelli.
Linda Sue Park|Endurance: It is the spirit which can bear things, not simply with resignation, but with blazing hope. It is the quality which keeps a man on his feet with his face to the wind. It is the virtue which can transmute the hardest trial into glory because beyond the pain it sees the goal.
Amos Oz, A Tale of Love and Darkness|I could never stand to be a writer. Not a real writer. It's entirely too awful, having thoughts that refuse to become sentences.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Practical Reason|Two things fill the mind with ever new and increasing admiration and awe, the more often and steadily we reflect upon them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me. I do not seek or conjecture either of them as if they were veiled obscurities or extravagances beyond the horizon of my vision; I see them before me and connect them immediately with the consciousness of my existence.
G. Willow Wilson, Alif the Unseen|So the stories aren't just stories, is what you're saying. They're really secret knowledge disguised as stories.""One could say that of all stories, younger brother.
Brendan Duffy, House of Echoes|Spooky Twisties:All things Spooky, here beginThey lay and wait, in books within.They sometimes pass, in open space.Then leave and go, without a trace.Some appear on the spot.Some we know, others not.Sometimes we are afraid to say,“leave us now”, or beg to stay.At times they leave a sign beyond,A gentle breeze, or note from song.Be not afraid, to read story’s close.For in the dark, your spirit goes.
Tullian Tchividjian|A gunslinger knows pride, that invisible bone that keeps the neck stiff.
Jasmine Guinness|I actually started as a model builder and quickly progressed into production design, which made sense because I could draw and paint. But I kept watching that guy over there who was moving the actors around and setting up the shots.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you have never found yourself, the best place to look is in your loneliness, and rock-bottom is even better.
Jessica Fortunato, The Sin Collector: Thomas|The great danger is to always single out some aspect of God’s good creation and identify it, rather than alien intrusion of sin, as the villain.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|I hope to arrive at my death, late, in love, and a little drunk. 
Hillary DePiano, New Year's Thieve|MURRY: Why do we even celebrate the New Year? It's just this arbitrary quirk of how we measure time in years, right? Midnight tonight is the very same transition from day to day that we do every 24 hours. But this thing in my hands, it feels real in a way the numbered calendar box never does. Why? What makes midnight tonight any different?
Christina Engela, All That Remains|More often, one decision can change the entire course of a life.
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|She had almost felt relieved when she was arrested. The thing she had dreaded, feared, run from had happened. When it came, she was strangely liberated from the fear. She couldn't dread what had already come to pass. She didn't have to anticipate the horror when the horror was right there. With her arrest came a certain calm, a quiet comfort. It had come. She had known it would and she could stop fighting.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.
Tina Fey|I've got a lot of dreams I want to achieve, and I hope someone can cheer me on as I'll cheer them on in their dreams.
Klaus Schwab|First, how do we give everyone a fair shot at opportunity and security in this new economy? Second, how do we make technology work for us, and not against us - especially when it comes to solving urgent challenges like climate change? Third, how do we keep America safe and lead the world without becoming its policeman?
Robert Olmstead, Coal Black Horse|They came and they went; they ached and pained. They laughed privately and cried to themselves as if heeding a way- off silent call. They were forever childish, sweet and convulsive. They heard sound the way dog heard sound. They were like the moon- they changed every eight days.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|Gökalp gave "the nation" an important mystical component. In his work, "he transferred to the nation the divine qualities he had found in society, replacing the belief in God with the belief in nation: and so nationalism became a religion." The national is deified, thus expanding Durkheim's idea that "society can do as it pleases." So, if a nation perceives itself in danger, it feels no moral responsibility in its response to that danger. The Unionist "scientific approach" gained a "sacred" character through Gökalp's theories.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|If she’s gonna love again, it won’t be an eternity but a hard, fast conflagration that leaves everyone else in the embers.
Graham Downs, Heritage of Deceit|Micro: When his mind detached from his body he saw the murderer stab him repeatedly. Later, he told the detective - who retired. He blamed stress.
Marie Corelli, The Soul of Lilith|...Is it an inspiring sight to see a man commit a heroic gesture, and then learn that he goes to vaudeville shows for relaxation? Or see a man who’s painted a magnificent canvas—and learn that he spends his time sleeping with every slut he meets?”“What do you want? Perfection?”“—or nothing. So, you see, I take the nothing.
Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle|Cannabis is renowned as a powerful hallucinogen in large doses, and certainly capable of inducing profound ecstatic ecstatic states. Anyone who who doubts this has clearly not experienced its effects.
Humphry Davy|If we extend our senses, then, consequently, we will extend our knowledge. It's really very basic.
Anonymous Bushman|If one could speak two languages well and was raised on tea and baguettes for breakfast,in places where the most mundane daily business on the street is conducted in four languages, where horse carts park at cyber cafes, where would one go? Where could one go? Why,with a smile and a handshake, very far, indeed!
Robert Tew|Don't torture yourself over the past. Use it as a teacher. Whatever happened to you in the past, has only prepared you for now.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|Sir Arthur stopped at the bottom of the hill and awaited the charging rider. The horseman halted in front of Sir Arthur and mud flew in all directions.“Who are you?” demanded Sir Arthur. He stared into the masked face and turbaned head of an assassin.Rufus's heart stopped. A gasp escaped his frozen lips and his legs wobbled.Sir Arthur asked again, “Who are you?”The man dismounted and drew from his golden sash a long scimitar. He approached Sir Arthur. The knight lifted his sword and the duel began.
C. JoyBell C.|The reason why the world is a difficult place to live in, is due to the fact that people are not interested in people. Nobody is truly interested in anybody; they are only interested in the parts that they think will be pleasurable and comfortable for them to get to know. People don't want to know what you're afraid of, what kind of dreams you have at night, what your eyes look like when you laugh and when you hurt... people want to receive perfect gifts and other people are supposed to be those perfect gifts! But then none of us are those perfect gifts. All of us are real on the inside but then people want what's not real... so how is the world supposed to work, that way? I want to know what's real in people, and in me. And it's hard to be this way, because nobody else is.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|At some point in any adult life, we have to understand that business decisions cannot be made with an emotional bias.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|When you imagine and clearly articulate your goals in writing, you access the creative energy of your right brain. Imagination and creativity allow you to find solutions to problems that were not previously available to you and give your left brain an opportunity to be receptive to new ideas.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|Christ can forgive you," he whispered, though he didn't believe it. There wasn't a hint of compassion in those ice-blue eyes."That's grand," she said.Her features became again those of the pleasant brown-haired nurse. She smiled, pulled the pillow from under his head, and covered his face.
Michael Scheuer|Boone Pickens should be commended for his leadership on American energy security, and for bringing Ted Turner along on some sensible approaches to enhancing it.
Bruce Lee|I raise my voice not so that i can shout, but so that those without a voice can be heard
Scott Stabile|He lifted himself out of the darkness of his fears, into a bright new world of possibility.
Robin Bielman, Falling for Her Bachelor|You deserve to be cherished, Sid, your body worshipped with tenderness..."	"We have all night for that," she said in a sultry whisper she didn't recognize. The red-hot desire thrumming through her wasn't like anything she'd experienced before.	'I'm excellent at all night.
Rabih Alameddine, The Angel of History|No one goes on, but what we leave behind keeps us alive for someone else.
Megan Keith, Eraser|Struggle all you like, you're not going anywhere.
Anthony T. Hincks|It's simple as that... you don't like it, you don't read it. You like it, you read it!
Dada Bhagwan|I’ is your own Self, only this much is to be ‘realized’!
J. Budziszewski, Commentary on Thomas Aquinas's Treatise on Law|If you fall from a plane onto a river, and survived, it is luck, but if you fall from a plane onto asphalt ground, and survived, then that is a miracle.
Vicente Blasco Ibáñez, Luna Benamor|All live and die believing that they have known love, thinking it is a common thing, because they confuse it with animal satisfaction; but love is a privilege, love is a lottery of fate, like wealth, like beauty, which only a small minority enjoy....
Giovannino Guareschi, The Little World of Don Camillo|Lord, my hands were made for blessing, but not my feet!
Stefan Molyneux|Honesty is vulnerability. Sadly, not everyone can handle someone’s honesty. However, lying allows people to be comfortable.
Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour|We tend to forget at times that it is the little ones, the children, who do suffer the greatest hurt. If we cannot comprehend why certain sorrows are visited upon us, how on earth can they?
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|At the heart of all anger, all grudges, and all resentment, you'll always find a fear that hopes to stay anonymous.
Jenna Fischer|I know I'm not a self-indulgent idiot; I also know I'm not the second coming of Deepak Chopra. If I had believed either of those, or both, as some people do when they get famous, that's when the mental illness arrives.
Auliq Ice|Let not the jolly be alone in the world, for they shall talk about the future and snag to do the exercises.
Laurie Colwin|Fast food is popular because it's convenient, it's cheap, and it tastes good. But the real cost of eating fast food never appears on the menu.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Expectation has brought me disappointment. Disappointment has brought me wisdom. Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfilment.
Richard Brautigan, In Watermelon Sugar|This is my skin. This is not your skin, yet you are still under it.
Ron Rhodes, The Wonder of Heaven: A Biblical Tour of Our Eternal Home|The famed philosopher Diogenes was looking intently at a large collection of human bones piled one upon another. Alexander the Great stood nearby and became curious about what Diogenes was doing. When he asked the old man what he was doing, the rely was, 'I am searching for the bones of your father, but I cannot seem to distinguish them from those of the slaves.' Alexander got the point. All are equal in death.
Jessica E. Larsen, It's Just Love|Oliver knocked on the door, trying to keep his fear in check. Dominic didn't answer. Oliver looked around the porch for a hidden key, frantically searching under the welcome mat, but to no avail.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|A disciple: I am worried about human suffering all over the world. What is the solution?Spiritual leader: The solution to our miseries lie within central atom of our being, ‘I’. Once this central atom transcends to ‘WE’, human sufferings can be resolved.
Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition|Believe in that One Thing That Sets You Apart: your skill, your idea or just you, yourself ! And, Never Stop Believing.
Annie Dillard|...If I ever got sloppy and maudlin, it would be for the streets of my childhood—but no self- respecting writer should ever eulogize a slum...
Sonia Sotomayor|We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|It may seem unfashionable to say so, but historians should seize the imagination as well as the intellect. History is, in a sense, a story, a narrative of adventure and of vision, of character and of incident. It is also a portrait of the great general drama of the human spirit.
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|I'd wish you luck, Willem, but I think you need to stop relying on that
Sandra Jones, His Captive Princess|There is no need to overreact. I’m certain there are worse things that could happen to a young lady than to be denied a voucher to Almack’s.” With a small smile, Amelia Bouchard folded up the letter that had delivered the bad news and tossed it into the fireplace.
Jean mercure|Die in a good way, obviously.
Ann Landers|There are two kinds of people in this world. Those who walk into a room and say ‘Here I am’ and those who walk into a room and say, ‘There you are.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|The forest fleer has been expelled from society, the anarch has expelled society from himself. He is and remains his own master in all circumstances. When he decides to flee to the forest, his decision is less an issue of justice and conscience for him than a traffic accident. He changes camouflage; of course, his alien status is more obvious in the forest flight, thereby making it the weaker form, though perhaps indispensable.
Maggie Shayne, Colder than Ice|Then, almost as an afterthought, she turned and locked the bathroom door. If he thought he was going to seduce her, make her stupid enough to believe his lies by getting her into bed, he'd better think again. She stepped into the water. Besides, women didn't lose brain cells at the thought of sex. Only men did.
Aristotle|Learning is an ornament in prosperity, a refuge in adversity, and a provision in old age.
Mahatma Gandhi|The only difference between man and man all the world over is one of degree, and not of kind, even as there is between trees of the same species.Where in is the cause for anger, envy or discrimination?
Conor Oberst|I think that 'Floor Sample' is a story of resiliency, a lifelong spiritual search, and a lifelong sense of spiritual companionship that is most often expressed as creativity. My desire in writing the book was to step from behind the icon of 'Julia the teacher' and introduce 'Julia the artist.'
George Herbert, The Temple: The Poetry of George Herbert|Sweet day, so cool, so calm, so bright,The bridal of the earth and sky;The dew shall weep thy fall tonight,For thou must die.
V.C. Andrews, Petals on the Wind|Hello," Life says, "Remember me?We started out together hereWhen you were just a bundleOf innocent amazement.Remember how you saw the worldWith nothing but wonder?We were such rowdy playmates then.We painted on the sky with cloudsAnd made magic out of Clothespins and peanut butter.Remember, can you, how I became stained and heavyWith trouble?Not safe now. Lots of no.They dressed me in painful clothesAnd made you wear them, too.You don't recognize me, do youBut I've never abandoned youOr lost my wild, happy desireTo show you Play with youKiss youHide and seek down twisty pathsAnd always discover more.Want to run away with me again?Shall we elope without ever leavingBecause that's possible, you know.I've never been anywhere but hereWaiting for youTo remember.
Robert Persig|These are things you should notice anyway. To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain which sustain life, not the top. Here's where things grow…but of course, without the top you can't have any sides. It's the top that defines the sides.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... so in that moment all the flowers in our garden and in M. Swann's park, and the water-lilies on the Vivonne and the good folk of the village and their little dwellings and the parish church and the whole of Combray and of its surroundings, taking their proper shapes and growing solid, sprang into being, town and gardens alike, from my cup of tea.
Chuck Klosterman, Chuck Klosterman IV: A Decade of Curious People and Dangerous Ideas|Women intrinsically understand human dynamics, and that makes them unstoppable. Unfortunately, the average man is less adroit at fostering such rivalries, which is why most men remain average; males are better at hating things that can't hate them back (e.g., lawnmowers, cats, the Denver Broncos, et cetera). They don't see the big picture.
Nishant Kumar|Loving someone who does not love you back is like, reaching for a star. You know you will never reach it but you just have to keep on trying. Because someday, who knows? It might fall.
George Whitefield|Confession is a difficult Discipline for us because we all too often view the believing community as a fellowship of saints before we see it as a fellowship of sinners. We feel that everyone else has advanced so far into holiness that we are isolated and alone in our sin. We cannot bear to reveal our failures and shortcomings to others. We imagine that we are the only ones who have not stepped onto the high road to heaven. Therefore, we hide ourselves from one another and live in veiled lies and hypocrisy.But if we know that the people of God are first a fellowship of sinners, we are freed to hear the unconditional call of God's love and to confess our needs openly before our brothers and sisters. We know we are not alone in our sin. The fear and pride that cling to us like barnacles cling to others also. We are sinners together. In acts of mutual confession we release the power that heals. Our humanity is no longer denied, but transformed.
Will Durant, The Age of Faith|...but which of us has read every line of the Iliad, or the Aeneid, or The Divine Comedy, or Paradise Lost? Only men of epic stomach can digest these epic tales.
Denise Moreland, Management Culture|To make a decision, all you need is authority. To make a good decision, you also need knowledge, experience, and insight.
Ferenc Molnár, Prisoners|I am sure of this: I am not crying. It is just that stupid drops of water that comes out of my eyes, now and then.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Men will allow God to be everywhere but on his throne. They will allow him to be in his workshop to fashion worlds and make stars. They will allow Him to be in His almonry to dispense His alms and bestow his bounties. they will allow Him to sustain the earth and bear up the pillars thereof, or light the lamps of heaven, or rule the waves of the ever-moving ocean; but when God ascends Hes throne, His creatures then gnash their teeth. And we proclaim an enthroned God, and His right to do as He wills with His own, to dispose of His creatures as He thinks well, without consulting them in the matter; then it is that we are hissed and execrated, and then it is that men turn a deaf ear to us, for God on His throne is not the God they love. But it is God upon the throne that we love to preach. It is God upon His throne whom we trust.
K.A. Merikan, Road of No Return: Hounds of Valhalla MC|... he's most probably in a closet so deep he's, like, in Narnia.
J.C. Lillis, A&B|I have no idea how to be an artist and a lover, so I chose the one most likely to make me happy when I'm eighty and gazing back on a long and productive life.
Sri Chinmoy, My Life's Soul-Journey: Daily Meditations for Ever-Increasing Spiritual Fulfillment|A totalitarian society which succeeded in perpetuating itself would probably set us a schizophrenic system of thought, in which the laws of common sense held good in everyday life and in certain exact sciences, but could be disregarded by the politician, the historian, and the sociologist. Already there are countless people who would think it scandalous to falsify a scientific text-book, but would see nothing wrong in falsifying an historical fact.
Gina Barreca, It's Not That I'm Bitter . . .: Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying About Visible Panty Lines and Conquered the World|How about "diamonds are a girl's best friends"? Nope. It should be switched around and pointed out, instead, that your best friends are diamonds.
Donna Augustine, Jinxed|Most people don’t get their soul mates in their designated lifetime or if ever they do, they let them go. It doesn’t matter to me who you are, who you love, as long as they love you back. That is what’s important. The world seems to have forgotten that and have conducted themselves all based on the concept of love that is both selfish, misguided and outdated. And if the world saw what we see, things would be a whole lot better.
Francine Rivers, The Atonement Child|Emotion can be the enemy, if you give into your emotion, you lose yourself. You must be at one with your emotions, because the body always follows the mind.
Terry Pratchett, Maskerade|(About a cookbook...)- What about this one? Maids of Honor?- Weeelll, they starts OUT as Maids of Honor...but they ends up Tarts.
Milan Kundera|You didn't succeed. Well, what of that? There's nothing to prove, you know, and the revolution's not a question of virtue but of effectiveness. There is no heaven. There's work to be done, that's all. And you must do what you're cut out for; all the better if it comes easy to you. The best work is not the work that takes the most sacrifice. It's the work in which you can best succeed.
Michael  Grant, Lies|Mankind must work continually to produce individual great human beings - this and nothing else is the task... for the question is this : How can your life, the individual life, retain the highest value, the deepest significance? Only by living for the good of the rarest and most valuable specimens.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|So may the New Year be a happy one to you, happy to many more whose happiness depends on you!
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|To enter heaven is to become more human than you ever succeeded in being on earth; to enter hell, is to be banished from humanity.
Jack White|You have to be careful not to make music something you don't want to do. Which happens. I've gotten off the road and been like, 'I hate it. I hate singing, I hate playing guitar.' Six days later, I'm in my bedroom singing at the top of my lungs because I love it so much.
Alice Driver|A writer will always be a writer. It's not a choice, it's a destiny.
John Howard|I like England more than I did when I left. It's become a bit of a better country in the last ten years, in the attitude of it. A bit more Americanized, which is both good and bad. At least when you order a cup of coffee they don't give you a hard time.
Ben Marcus|The true elitists in the literary world are the ones who have become annoyed by literary ambition in any form, who have converted the very meaning of ambition so totally that it now registers as an act of disdain, a hostility to the poor common reader, who should never be asked to do anything that might lead to a pulled muscle. (What a relief to be told there's no need to bother with a book that might seem thorny, or abstract, or unusual.) The elitists are the ones who become angry when it is suggested to them that a book with low sales might actually deserve a prize (...) and readers were assured that the low sales figures for some of the titles could only mean that the books had failed our culture's single meaningful literary test.
Kingsley Amis, Lucky Jim|... all his faces were designed to express rage or loathing. Now that something had happened which really deserved a face, he had none to celebrate it with. As a kind of token, he made his Sex Life in Ancient Rome face.
Leigh Michaels, On Writing Romance: How to Craft a Novel That Sells|For readers worldwide, the attraction of romance novels seems to be that they provide hope, strength, and the assurance that happy endings are possible. Romance makes the promise that no matter how bleak things sometimes look, in the end everything will turn out right and true love will triumph -- and in an uncertain world, that's very comforting.
Jamie Schoffman, Not All Out of Love|Force is as pitiless to the man who possesses it as it is to its victims—the second it crushes, the first it intoxicates.
Dominic Riccitello|I love him. So much. To the point where you won’t understand. You don’t get it because I don’t get it. It’s there. It exists. It flows. It moves like rapids through my veins. Comes with bursts and occasionally fades with the day, but it’s always there. And when you find love like that, you don’t want to give it up. But sometimes you have to and sometimes you have to give it to someone else. That’s the hard part.
Tim Berners-Lee|'The Victorian Internet' is a must read for anyone interested in the history of technology and in the cycles of hype, boom, and bust that seem to only quicken with each new wave of innovation. Highly recommended.
Gary Patton|Kaldar almost never stops and thinks about the consequences of his actions. Something is fun or not fun, and my brother’s fun often lands him in interesting places such as jails or castles belonging to California robber barons. Where other people see certain death, my brother sees an opportunity for a hilarious, thrilling adventure. But when I got the tattoo, Kaldar warned me that marrying her was a bad idea.
Michael Douglas|Being in a successful marriage is no different than being cast in a successful movie. It's all about who you pick; in that first moment, did you pick the right person? I think you need to pick somebody who's more interested in being married than in getting married.
Michael Ende|One may enter the literary parlor via just about any door, be it the prison door, the madhouse door, or the brothel door. There is but one door one may not enter it through, which is the child room door. The critics will never forgive you such. The great Rudyard Kipling is one of a number of people to have suffered from this. I keep wondering to myself what this peculiar contempt towards anything related to childhood is all about.
sivaprakash Sidhu, SivaprakashG, Sidhu, Sivasidhug|Be real! Fake and phony people never grow.." - Sivaprakash Sidhu
William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience|It does not follow, because our ancestors made so many errors of fact and mixed them with their religion, that we should therefore leave off being religious at all. By being religious we establish ourselves in possession of ultimate reality at the only points at which reality is given us to guard. Our responsible concern is with our private destiny, after all.
Leah Braemel, Slow Ride Home|Darlin’, you can’t tell me your ex wasn’t adventurous and not expect me to see it as a challenge.
Howard Behar, It's Not About the Coffee: Leadership Principles from a Life at Starbucks|Do it because it's right, not because it's right for your resume.
Samuel Johnson, A Journey to the Western Islands of  Scotland and The Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides|Men know that women are an overmatch for them, and therefore they choose the weakest or the most ignorant. If they did not think so, they never could be afraid of women knowing as much as themselves.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Caring is open-hearted, keeping us available to transmit love to a stranger through simple eye contact and without condition. This is not the opportunistic sizing-up of sexual cruising; instead, it’s the felt recognition of the divinity and humanity in another individual.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|From journalism I learned to write under pressure, to work with deadlines, to have limited space and time, to conduct and interview, to find information, to research, and above all, to use language as efficiently as possible and to remember always that there is a reader out there.
David G. McAfee, Mom, Dad, I'm an Atheist: The Guide to Coming Out as a Non-Believer|I am an atheist and I consider religions to be a form of collective neurosis. I am not an enemy of the Catholics, as I am not an enemy of the tuberculars, the myopic or the paralytics; you cannot be an enemy of the sick, only their good friend in order to help them cure themselves.
Ahmet Davutoglu|I think that the U.S. does have this very much more open attitude, and I admire it very much and I think it's very important to the world. But the information and the discussion sometimes come too late, after the effective decision has been made.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is the symbol of the future, hope for the future, and our opinion in the future.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In order to gain mastery over whatever you have been called to do, you must look for ways of improving how you do them.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Science and Religion are two vividly different realms of the human mind. They work differently at the molecular level, but the purpose of both is alleviation of the mind from the darkness of ignorance.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|If the human heart sometimes finds moments of pause as it ascends the slopes of affection, it rarely halts on the way down.
Benjamin M. Strozykowski, Psychic Skin Volume 2|People need to deviate away from the role of imitation, and start filling the role of innovation...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Mediation on the Holy Scriptures, awakens our mind on Christ Jesus.
Sheena Hutchinson, Discovering April|How to be happy starts with self love, being proud of who you are and making happiness a daily choice.
M.C. Beaton, Death of a Scriptwriter|Husbands are always angry, that's their nature.And the nature of us women,is not to pay a blind bit of notice.
Tacitus|In department stores, so much kitchen equipment is bought indiscriminately by people who just come in for men's underwear.
C.G. Jung|My friends, it is wise to nourish the soul, otherwise you will breed dragons and devils in your heart.
L V HALL|down unlit ,unmarked & forgotten roads of REASON & PURPOSE
Tony Kushner|Your voice is your identity. If you don't use it, your halfway to Asphodel already.
Anna Broadway, Sexless in the City: A Memoir of Reluctant Chastity|loving for their mere artificiality those renunciations that men have unwisely called virtue, as much as those natural rebellions that wise men still call sin.
L.A. Meyer, Under the Jolly Roger: Being an Account of the Further Nautical Adventures of Jacky Faber|But in a way you can say that after leaving the sea, after all those millions of years of living inside of the sea, we took the ocean with us. When a woman makes a baby, she gives it water, inside her body, to grow in. That water inside her body is almost exactly the same as the water of the sea. It is salty, by just the same amount. She makes a little ocean, in her body. And not only this. Our blood and our sweating, they are both salty, almost exactly like the water from the sea is salty. We carry oceans inside of us, in our blood and our sweat. And we are crying the oceans, in our tears.
Hilari Bell, Crown of Earth|With Weasel and Arisa at his side, anything was possible. Anything.
Mark Cantrell|Though often scoffed at by “serious” writers, science fiction worms its way into our cultural psyche in interesting ways, and not just as predictors of technology. Many of these writers translate the –isms of our times into imagined futures populated with characters coping with the consequences.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new day brings new strength, new dreams and new opportunities.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The great crowds themselves are meaningless. The thing that counts is what happens in the hearts of the people. The evangelist sows the seed, and much inevitably falls upon stony ground and bears no fruit. But if only a few seeds flourish, the results are manifold.
Anna Godbersen, The Luxe|A beautiful dress may look beautiful on a hanger, but that means nothing. It must be seen on the shoulders, with the movement of the arms, the legs, and the waist.
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|[W]hen all else fails, kill it with fire.
Suzanne Enoch, The Rake|Has anyone ever told you that you're unbearably rude?" she returned, facing him again."Why, yes. You have on several occasions, as I recall. If you care to apologize for that, however, I'll be happy to escort you wherever you wish to go."A flush crept up her cheeks, coloring her delicate, ivory skin. "I will never apologize to you," she snapped. "And you may go straight to Hades."He hadn't expected her to apologize, yet he couldn't help suggesting it every so often. "Very well. Upstairs, first door on the left. I'll be in Hades, if you should require my services.
Erin Gruwell|AT&T Park, chalk it up. This is a great pitcher's park, great weather. It's a great place to pitch. It's all positive and no negative. You can go out and challenge guys. I've got the confidence to attack the strike zone and not nibble so much.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|There is her heart. I've never seen one beating.I had no idea they moved so much. You put your hand on your heart and you picture something pulsing slightly but basically still, like a hand on a desktop tapping Morse code. This things is going wild in there. It's a mixing-machine part, a stoat squirming in its burrow, an alien life form that's just won a Pontiac on The Price Is Right. If you were looking for the home of the human body's animating spirit, I could imagine believing it to be here, for the simple reason that it is the human body's most animated organ.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Guilt can interfere with our desires to move forward, to heal properly and to become a person who has the mental health and means of proper recompense.
Shane Warne|You get tough when you grow up unloved. People described me as a boyish girl - rather shy, but I didn't show it. I had an attitude. I was rather wild. I lied a lot because I knew the alternative was to be punished. As I got older I realised I didn't have to lie any more and it was a nice feeling. I could be myself.
Lawrenz Mejia|No matter what side of the law you are on, when it comes to revenge, there is no mercy.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|If one squinted into Cabeswater long enough, in the right way, one could see secrets dart between the trees. The shadows of horned animals that never appeared. The winking lights of another summer's fireflies. The rushing sound of many wings, the sound of a massive flock always out of sight. Magic.
|A lot of people are quick to take negative suggestions from others, but slow to act on a positive advice. Yet, they wonder why their lives are very complicated.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|We seek to understand Jiu Jitsu as a vehicle to understand ourselves. We have different explicit goals, from getting in shape, learning self-defense or competition, but tacitly we all seek mastery of ourselves.
Bo Bennett|Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration,motivation, and a pinch of creativity
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|More love, more power.Less love, less power.Great love, great power.
Deyth Banger|Everyone deserv a chance maybe 2 or 3, but always this guy wants something and before he didn't made it don't mean that now again won't reach a conclusion.
Darnell Lamont Walker|If you're calling for peace, I am not home.
Maya Angelou, Mom & Me & Mom|They may have forgotten how badly they treated you, or they may pretend that they have forgotten. But watch: They will come back to you.
Georgette Heyer, The Talisman Ring|But it is infamous that they have not told you!’ declared Eustacie. ‘Je n’en reviendrai jamais!’‘If it’s all the same to you, miss, I’d just as soon you’d talk in a Christian language,’ said Mr. Stubbs.
Jenna Karel|To avoid being disappointed, avoid placing your expectations on others. Love lets them be who they are and it allows them to react the way they want to react.
John Charles Polanyi|The recognition of the art that informs all pure science need not mean the abandonment for it of all present art, rather it will mean the completion of the transformation of art that has already begun.
James Russell Lowell|You've got to think about "big things" while you're doing small things  so that all the small things go in the right direction.
Dariush Youkhaneh, Serving the living God|still, all we need is a heart of joy that earnestly seeks His will and His plan.
Stephen Curry|The first voyagers to the stars will be creatures whose life cycle is matched to the voyage: the aeons involved in traversing the galaxy are not daunting to immortal beings. By the end of the third millennium, travel to other stars could be technically feasible. But would there be sufficient motive?
Jhumpa Lahiri|There are people with otherwise chaotic and disorganized lives, a certain type of person that's always found a home in the restaurant business in much the same way that a lot of people find a home in the military.
Phil Hine, Rebels and Devils: The Psychology of Liberation|In just a few weeks, Soldier 13 became aware of a mutation in the colors of his consciousness. As the theoretical classes were filling his brain with philosophical, historical, and political arguments to make his faith unbreakable, the sessions with the psychologists were draining his mind of the deadweight of experiences, memories, fears, and illusions forged of the course of a life of a past that he detached himself from as if they were skinning him. He was overwhelmed to see how his personal history was becoming a foggy haze and how even recent events, like Kotov's last recommendations before he returned to Spain, seemed to diffuse that he sometimes asked himself if he hadn't lived them in another remote and murky existence.During those months was when Ramon really began to stop being Ramon and only became him against when the man they were turning him into was suffocating and, to save him, the former Ramon Mercader had to come to the surface. Or whenever they ordered him to go out and get some sun. But he was never again the same Ramon Mercader del Rio.p. 208
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|While the classic conversion story involves desperation, hitting bottom, and a plea for help, I think now that it was gratitude, as well as the suffering I'd seen, that made room for me to open my heart to something new.
Anthony Rizzo|Cubism was an attack on the perspective that had been known and used for 500 years. It was the first big, big change. It confused people: they said, 'Things don't look like that!'
Tara Estacaan|LIVE WELL___Forget them not, yet forgive, forgive..from self-harm, quita new page, right nowyour spirit's new year's eve.
Deyth Banger|If you want to find something with an equation, you must start thinking like a person who have it.
Heather Choate Davis, Elijah & the SAT: Reflections on a hairy old desert prophet and the benchmarking of our children's lives|You can try to reestablish your connection to Heaven - the connection we all have available to us but have forgotten, or are afraid to use. Then trust the wisdom and guidance that comes forward.
Travis Luedke, The Nightlife: Las Vegas|...and Lucy." She looked like she might cry.'What about her?'"Lucy smells like food." She nearly gagged saying it.'Sol, all that's normal. Lucy smelled good before I turned, and now she smells even better. But I haven't tried to eat her face and neither will you.'"She's not safe in this house."'Safer than out there,' I argued, even though I agreed with her. 'Look, you used to eat hamburgers.'She blinked, confused. "So?"'So, did you ever walk through one of the farms at a field party and suddenly try to eat a cow?'"Um, no." Her chuckle was watery but it was better than nothing. "And, ew."'Exactly. You can crave blood and not eat your best friend.
Pip Karmel|Pamela realizes for the first time in her life that she hadn't made the wrong choice at all. Nor had she made the right choice. She had simply made a choice. And somewhere along the way, she had lost the courage to live by it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Live simply, share your wealth with others.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Trust in God, the only wise God.
Teju Cole, Open City|To be alive, it seemed to me, as I stood there in all kinds of sorrow, was to be both original and reflection, and to be dead was to be split off, to be reflection alone.
Claude M. Bristol|Something goes wrong, I yell at them -'Fix it'- whether it's their fault or not. You can only really yell at the players you trust.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|I must be willing to give whatever it takes to do good to others. This requires that I be willing to give until it hurts. Otherwise, there is no true love in me, and I bring injustice, not peace, to those around me.
William T. Vollmann, The Ice-Shirt|(Can you understand your own dreams, which arise with mushrooms' rank richness in the night-forests within your skull?)
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I can believe things that are true and things that aren't true and I can believe things where nobody knows if they're true or not. I can believe in Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny and the Beatles and Marilyn Monroe and Elvis and Mister Ed. Listen - I believe that people are perfectable, that knowledge is infinite, that the world is run by secret banking cartels and is visited by aliens on a regular basis, nice ones that look like wrinkled lemurs and bad ones who mutilate cattle and want our water and our women. I believe that the future sucks and I believe that the future rocks and I believe that one day White Buffalo Woman is going to come back and kick everyone's ass. I believe that all men are just overgrown boys with deep problems communicating and that the decline in good sex in America is coincident with the decline in drive-in movie theaters from state to state. I believe that all politicians are unprincipled crooks and I still believe that they are better than the alternative. I believe that California is going to sink into the sea when the big one comes, while Florida is going to dissolve into madness and alligators and toxic waste. I believe that antibacterial soap is destroying our resistance to dirt and disease so that one day we'll all be wiped out by the common cold like martians in War of the Worlds. I believe that the greatest poets of the last century were Edith Sitwell and Don Marquis, that jade is dried dragon sperm, and that thousands of years ago in a former life I was a one-armed Siberian shaman. I believe that mankind's destiny lies in the stars. I believe that candy really did taste better when I was a kid, that it's aerodynamically impossible for a bumble bee to fly, that light is a wave and a particle, that there's a cat in a box somewhere who's alive and dead at the same time (although if they don't ever open the box to feed it it'll eventually just be two different kinds of dead), and that there are stars in the universe billions of years older than the universe itself. I believe in a personal god who cares about me and worries and oversees everything I do. I believe in an impersonal god who set the universe in motion and went off to hang with her girlfriends and doesn't even know that I'm alive. I believe in an empty and godless universe of causal chaos, background noise, and sheer blind luck. I believe that anyone who says sex is overrated just hasn't done it properly. I believe that anyone who claims to know what's going on will lie about the little things too. I believe in absolute honesty and sensible social lies. I believe in a woman's right to choose, a baby's right to live, that while all human life is sacred there's nothing wrong with the death penalty if you can trust the legal system implicitly, and that no one but a moron would ever trust the legal system. I believe that life is a game, that life is a cruel joke, and that life is what happens when you're alive and that you might as well lie back and enjoy it.
William Penn|The first breath of adultery is the freest; after it, constraints aping marriage develop.
Tim Powers, On Stranger Tides|Shandy looked ahead. Blackbeard, apparently willing to get the explanation later, had picked up his oars and was rowing again. 'May I presume to suggest,' yelled Shandy giddily to Davies, 'that we preoceed the hell out of here with all due haste.' Davies pushed a stray lock of hair back from his forehead and sat down on the rower's thwart. 'My dear fellow consider it done.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love, care and treasure the elderly people in the society.
Benjamin Franklin|Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
John K.  Brown|All Religions have this in common, that they are an outrage to common sense for they are pieced together out of a variety of elements, some of which seem so unworthy, sordid and at odds with man’s reason, that any strong and vigorous intelligence laughs at them... The human intellect is only capable of tackling mediocre subjects: it disdains petty subjects, and is startled by large ones. There is no reason to be surprised if it finds any religion hard to accept at first, for all are deficient in the mediocre and the commonplace, nor that it should require skill to induce belief. For the strong intellect laughs at religion, while the weak and superstitious mind marvels at it but is easily scandalized by it.
Roger Bacon, The Opus Majus of Roger Bacon|Now there are four chief obstacles in grasping truth, which hinder every man, however learned, and scarcely allow anyone to win a clear title to learning, namely, submission to faulty and unworthy authority, influence of custom, popular prejudice, and concealment of our own ignorance accompanied by an ostentatious display of our knowledge.
Peter C. Doherty|Actually, the year anniversary of what you just heard, my son Grahame and I are going to be in a play together, and I'm acting for the first time in front of an audience that doesn't consist of a high school drama class.
Nebo D. Lukovich, Coherence: The Ultimate Guide to Accomplishing Goals and Achieving Success Without Side Effects|Many people achieved important goals in their lives, but hardly any of them seemed any happier for it. Even worse, some complained that other areas of their lives had suffered along the way. The reason is simple: they didn’t change the framework components of their personality—beliefs, decisions, and other subconscious structures that are typically negatively-oriented. Those basic structures had been triggered by the fulfillment of the goal and were subsequently creating a mess in people’s lives.
Edgar Allan Poe, Tales of Mystery and Imagination|Had mankind listened to the Creator when he advised his children to never create his image, or give him a name, then humanity would not be so confused and divided in believing that every faith is worshiping a different god.
Carl Schurz|If you want to be free, there is but one way; it is to guarantee an equally full measure of liberty to all your neighbors. There is no other.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|To exploit living labour, capital must destroy dead labour which is still useful. Loving to suck warm young blood, it kills corpses.
Jordan Harper, Love and Other Wounds: Stories|Sometimes I hear Mark laugh, and some days in the car the right song will come on the satellite radio and I'll feel him there tingling like a phantom limb. Like he's sitting there next to me in the dark. But I know that's not so. And I know that when you die there's not even darkness, and I know Mark and me won't meet on some cloud or in some pit of fire. And I guess that's a good thing. I couldn't take those eyes seeing what's become of me, those eyes looking down at my hands and my chewed-up ragged nails.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, Adult Onset|This is a dynamic particular to encounters with male drivers, who seem to grow all the more indignant the more completely they are in the wrong. I think the emotional reasoning, if you can call it that, is transitive: You make me feel bad; feeling mad makes me mad; ergo, you make me mad.
Jack Kornfield, The Art of Forgiveness, Lovingkindness, and Peace|Love creates a communion with life. Love expands us, connects us, sweetens us, ennobles us.Love springs up in tender concern, it blossoms into caring action. It makes beauty out of all we touch. In any moment we can step beyond our small self and embrace each other as beloved parts of a whole.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As I close my eyes in prayer, let me see the faces of those who need to know You, beloved Savior.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Autumn's Journey: Deep Growth in the Grief and Loss of Life's Seasons|But when you cared about someone, you made sacrifices. You put their happiness first.
Nicole T. Smith, Scarlett's Will|I’m beginning to feel as though we’re in some kind of cocoon, I’m just afraid as to what we are going to emerge as. Will I fly away or will he destroy me.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|Time machine to the pastStep back a few yearsOld feelings, like LazarusSuddenly reappear.It's your song on the radioAnd it's your hand in mineAs this wave crashes over meOur stars again come unaligned.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|However, in many instances we might be very wise to ask what the consequence of removing the consequence might actually be.
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|And so I told myself to take that one. Because Father said clocks slay time. He said time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life. The hands were extended, slightly off the horizontal at a faint angle, like a gull tilting into the wind.
Ursula LeGuin|For magic consists in this, the true naming of a thing.
Terry Pratchett, Diggers|The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
Kirsten Prout|It's glorious to be able to go onto the Internet and hear any kind of music anywhere, from anywhere, and get it instantly. But there's also something glorious about having a record with a sleeve and looking at the artwork, putting it on the turntable and playing it, there's still something romantic to me about that.
Hippocrates, Hippocrates; Galen|On the day I swore to uphold the Hippocratic oath, the small hairs on the back of my neck stood up as I waited for lightning to strike. Who was I, vowing calmly among all these necktied young men to steal life out of nature's jaws, every old time we got half a chance and a paycheck?... I could not accept the contract: that every child born human upon this earth comes with a guarantee of perfect health and old age clutched in its small fist.
James Turner|You'll be having a good time and all of a sudden everyone will start running to the bathroom. If you're going to do drugs just do them in front of everybody, don't be running off to the bathroom. It's rude.
Chester W. Nimitz|Sylvia rarely flattered the men in her life- she envied them. She was far more likely to compete with a man than a woman. In her journal she describes this jealousy of which she is painfully aware; "It is an envy born of the desire to be active and doing, not passive and listening." She craved the "double life" of men, who could enjoy career, sex, and family. "I can pretend to forget my envy," she writes, "no matter, it is there, insidious, malignant, latent.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Even the poorest pit houses usually possess a state-sponsored Volkempfanger VE301, a mass-produced radio stamped with an eagle and a swastika, incapable of shortwave, marked only for German frequencies.Radio: it ties a million ears to a single mouth. Out of loudspeakers all around Zollverein, the staccato voice of the Reich grows like some imperturbable tree; its subjects lean toward its branches as if toward the lips of God.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Everyone and everything needed to be raised to its highest level – the teacher must become a mage, the husband a knight errant, the labor a hero in a sacred drama – intensified, rarefied, baptized in the turbulent waters of restlessness, curiosity, and ardor.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|What’s ‘at supposed tae mean?” He asked insulted.“Everyone always has an ulterior motive.” I replied.“Well I dinnae, an’ I’m nae claimin’ tae be innocent. I was lookin’ fur ye, as per yer mother’s request. Nae hidden agenda here!” He said sternly. “Besides, if I wanted ye dead, you’d be dead.” He stressed out the last part.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Truth for anyone is a very complex thing. For a writer, what you leave out says as much as those things you include. What lies beyond the margin of the text? The photographer frames the shot; writers frame their world.
Neil Gaiman|Well?" said Loki. "What about you, Heimdall? Do you have any suggestions?""I do," said Heimdall. "But you won't like it."Thor banged his fist down upon the table. "It does not matter whether or not we like it," he said. "We are gods! There is nothing that any of us gathered here would not do to get back Mjollnir, the hammer of the gods. Tell us your idea, and if it is a good idea, we will like it.""You won't like it," said Heimdall."We will like it!" said Thor."Well," said Heimdall, "I think we should dress Thor as a bride. Have him put on the necklace of the Brisings. Have him wear a bridal crown. Stuff his dress so he looks like a woman. Veil his face. We'll have him wear keys that jingle, as women do, drape him with jewels -""I don't like it!" said Thor. "People will think... well, for a start they'll think I dress up in women's clothes. Absolutely out of the question. I don't like it. I am definitely not going to be wearing a bridal veil. None of us like this idea, do we? Terrible, terrible idea. I've got a beard. I can't shave off my beard.""Shut up, Thor," said Loki son of Laufey. "It's an excellent idea.
John Battelle|With a fourth generation of nuclear power, you can have a technology that will burn more than 99 percent of the energy in the fuel. It would mean that you don't need to mine uranium for the next thousand years.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Death for the Christian is the doorway to heaven’s glory. Because of Christ’s resurrection we can joyously say with Paul, “Where, O death, is your victory?” [1 Corinthians 15:55 NIV].
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|I can’t imagine what other people think cold turkey is like. It is fucking awful. On the scale of things, it’s better than having your leg blown off in the trenches. It’s better than starving to death. But you don’t want to go there. The whole body just sort of turns itself inside out and rejects itself for three days. You know in three days it’s going to calm down. It’s going to be the longest three days you’ve spent in your life, and you wonder why you’re doing this to yourself when you could be living a perfectly normal fucking rich rock star life. And there you are puking and climbing walls. Why do you do that to yourself? I don’t know. I still don’t know. Your skin crawling, your guts churning, you can’t stop your limbs from jerking and moving about, and you’re throwing up and shitting at the same time, and shit’s coming out your nose and your eyes, and the first time that happens for real, that’s when a reasonable man says, “I’m hooked.” But even that doesn’t stop a reasonable man from going back on it.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the magnetic and attracting force between you and meand the beauty,and the world and everything in it.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|Kaylee giggled as he tunneled up inside her sleeve.Out popped his head for a quick look, then he took leave.He enjoyed scaling up, down and around her shirt.What a sweet, funny and adorable flirt.
Mekiah Johnson|I refuse to be put in a cage that gleams golden for many, but bronze for me. I would much rather be a dove in the sky, flying out into the open, into the sky, into the beyond.
Joanna Russ, How to Suppress Women's Writing|Privileged groups, like everyone else, want to think well of themselves and to believe that they are acting generously and justly.
Juma Iraki|Life`s a gift, aim for the sky
Charlie McDonnell, Fun Science: A Guide to Life, the Universe and Why Science Is So Awesome|Strangers don't harm you ,But the people who says they care about you.
Cameron Diaz|But all that being said about modulation, if you're serving people delicious food, they won't complain.
Novalis, Novalis: Philosophical Writings|Life must not be a novel that is given to us, but one that is made by us. 
Ian McEwan, Atonement|The childhood of a spoiled prince could be framed within half a page, a moonlit dash through sleepy villages was one rhythmically emphatic sentence, falling in love could be achieved in a single word - a glance. The pages of a recently finished story seemed to vibrate in her hand with all the life they contained.
Annette Rivers|Those who put their heart and soul into something bigger than themselves, never die from the psyche of humanity.
Winston S. Churchill|Want of foresight, unwillingness to act when action would be simple and effective, lack of clear thinking, confusion of counsel until the emergency comes, until self-preservation strikes its jarring gong - these are the features which constitute the endless repetition of history.
Jeff Deck|Open scatter is more fundamental than coupled sharing; it is the stuff from which, on splendid occasions, dialogue may arise.
Anthony Bourdain, A Cook's Tour: Global Adventures in Extreme Cuisines|If anyone does not have three minutes in his life to make an omelette, then life is not worth living.
Cecily von Ziegesar, I Will Always Love You|Nate stared, slack-jawed as the cab merged with the traffic and became impossible to spot. That was it.They chose each other.Just then, the dark sky lit up with fireworks. A cab sailing the street honked in celebration . In the night air , Nate thought he could hear Serena and Blairs' laughter, though he knew that was impossible; they were too far away by now.But as we know, in this city anything is possible
Ethel Kennedy|I was a sophomore in college, and I did an industrial video about how to use the Internet - that dates me! It was with John Turturro, somehow they had gotten John Turturro to do this thing, and I was so excited and so nervous I probably drank 10 cups of coffee that morning.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I think it's neat you do what you want. Not enough chicks do that, if you ask me--just tell society and their expectations to go fuck themselves. If more women did that, we'd be better off.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|When the north wind blew across the tar ponds, voices were carried away.
Derek Sivers|Nor shall this peace sleep with her; but as whenThe bird of wonder dies, the maiden phoenix,Her ashes new-create another heirAs great in admiration as herself.
Vivid Darkness|These poems are cupsthat I pour my love into.Here, Drink!
P.J. Parker, America Túwaqachi: The Saga of an American Family|The Sun Dagger appeared on the rock face directly above the Shaman’s shadowed head. It dazzled within the shade as the sunlight slipped through a gap in the overhead slabs. The dagger cut slowly down the rock, slicing through the very center of the etched spiral. “The middle of time,” Chaco whispered to himself.
Anirban Bose, The Death of Mitali Dotto|So I have an Indian heart if I do something illegal?'"No, you have an Indian heart if you understand the limitations of our resources and are willing to step out of the man-made boundaries of the law to help someone.
Nell Newman|For-profit does not belong in a taxpayer-funded health system. For-profit means cutting medical services to patients, and payments to providers, to preserve profits.
Gabrielle Dubois|I sit down by the river.Its incessant flow has polished the rocks carried from the top of the mountain. The aqueous caress, that has unrolled for millions of years the liquid ribbon from the summits towards the plains, keeps the freshness of the youth.The July sun heats the trees on the shore, while the stream of water refreshes the air; Two breaths which mingle without opposing one another. The foliage softly sways under the summer breeze, tuning its movement to that of the fiery wave.Won by a palpable peace, thank you Mother Nature, I dive into my book.A time later, which seems infinite to me, the sky becomes darker, I raise my head.How many hours have passed during which, indifferent to the human time, the cascading water has descended from the mountain? How much water has passed in front of me? How many beings have quenched their thirst there, and get their lives out from it?How long after my small passage on Earth will have been forgotten, the river will continue to flow, to carry its rocks, to erode the mountain until it becomes a plain, to spread life like a vein of the Earth ?
Stephen King, It|I think it was the first real pain I ever felt in my life...It wasn't what I thought it would be at all. It didn't put an end to me as a person. I think...it gave me a basis for comparison, finding out you could still exist inside the pain, in SPITE of the pain.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|Behind all the surface composure, there seemed to be a great darkness: an urge to test himself, to take risks, to haunt the edges of things.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Sad but true: individual intelligence probably peaked in the Upper Paleolithic, and we have been self-domesticated creatures ever since
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|I think of the quietness of Julian’s voice as he said I love you, the steadiness of his rib cage rising and falling against my back, as we sleep.I love you, Julian. But the words don’t come.
Adam Beach|Eating-wise, I'm fairly disciplined. I have to be, because if you're not eating correctly, you're not giving your body the fuel it needs. So, I stay away from carbs after the morning, and I eat a lot of protein - fish, chicken, and no red meat.
Michael Delaware, Blue and the Magical Forest: The Power of Hopes and Dreams|He wagged his tail, and his whole body tingled. He realized the emptiness inside was not filled with happiness. Blue felt a glow within that was a result of more than just the warm sunshine on a spring day.It was more than just the gentle tumble of the waterfall, or the wind or the sound of birds. It was much, much more he knew. He looked about him and he knew he had found what he had been looking for.He had found more than his true heart's desire...He had found a forever home!
Lorrie Moore|Abby began to think that all the beauty and ugliness and turbulence one found scattered through nature, one could also find in people themselves, all collected there, all together in a single place. No matter what terror or loveliness the earth could produce- wind, seas- a person could produce the same, lived with the same, lived with all that mixed-up nature swirling inside, every bit. There was nothing as complex in the world- no flower or stone- as a single hello from a human being.
Anthony Liccione|The half of her that is underwater would like to beunder a desk, the head of her that is underwaterwould like to be fully immersed.
Daniele Lanzarotta|...I would want to spend it with you. Even if we had thousands of nights, I would want to spend every single one of them with you.
Michelle Frost, First Light|Idrith didn’t want to go back to his cold lonely room, with all its unanswered questions. He took the glass and sat down.
John C. Calhoun|The most terrifying moment in my life was October 1962, during the Cuban Missile Crisis. I did not know all the facts - we have learned only recently how close we were to war - but I knew enough to make me tremble.
Jane Austen|One of the surest evidences of friendship that one individual can display to another is telling him gently of a fault. If any other can excel it, it is listening to such a disclosure with gratitude, and amending the error.
Anurag Shourie|There is nothing more agonising than the memory of good times when you are going through a difficult period in life. Life moves in only one direction - forward, but the memoirs of years gone by keep on haunting one’s soul till the time one is alive. Nostalgia can be more painful than a surgeon’s knife.
Josh Fox|The planet's biggest problems have to do with sustainability, environmental decline, global poverty, disease, conflict and so forth. Really, they're all interconnected - it's one big problem, which is that the way we're doing things can't go on.
Galen Beckett, The Master of Heathcrest Hall|His distress and pleasure mixed and married, giving birth to several anxious children.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, go with love.
William Axtell|Besides, I am staying in a luxurious hotel, not in some slum!”.Sand of Passion
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Quit acting like everything is so serious. Most situations aren’t as bad as you fear, and those that are might benefit from a little laughter.
Stephen Carpenter, Killer|People always talk about how hard it can be to remember things - where they left their keys, or the name of an acquaintance - but no one ever talks about how much effort we put into forgetting. I am exhausted from the effort to forget... There are things that have to be forgotten if you want to go on living.
Mark Slouka, Brewster|Jesus beckons me to follow him to that place of weakness where I risk the vulnerability of a child so that I might know how strong my Father is and how much he loves me. But truth be told, I would rather be an adult. I'd rather be in a place where I can still pull things together if God doesn't show up, where I risk no ultimate humiliation, where I don't have to take the shallow breaths of desperation. And as a result, my experience of my heavenly Father is simply impoverished.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|It is in the nature of the human mind to give in, and hold on, to the source of solace with all the might it can muster. Life is hard and any figure that tends to ease the subjective perception of that hardship, attains a high pedestal of utmost reverence in the realm of the individual mind. It all takes place at a molecular level in the human brain with the purpose of self-preservation.
Ellen Mae Franklin|Fear is the short road to death and this world, Changed by the flux of decay: Survival is the exception for weary men.From the new book The Waning
Paul F. Kortepeter, Tea with Victoria Rose|To me, summer has always been about potential. This was especially true when I was in high school. Those 3 or so months between 1 school year and the next always meant change. People got taller or wider or smaller. They broke up or came together, lost friends or gained them, had life experiences that you could tell had transformed them even if you didn't know what they were. In the summer, the days were long, stretching into each other. Out of school, everything was on pause and yet happening at the same time, this collection of weeks when anything was possible. As a teenager, I was always hoping to change, to become someone other than who I was. Each summer, I felt I had the chance to do that. All I had to do was wait and see what happened.
Amanda  Carlson, Ante Up|The moment this is over, you're mine," Diesel all but groaned, keeping his eyes on the road so he wouldn't pull over and take her right there."No, wolf, you're mine."the look on his face went immediately from lust to yearning."That's right," she said with a sigh. "We're going to finish what we started. And then do it all over again.
Robin Alexander, Fearless|Falon stared at Del intently, trying to figure out what was different. As usual, Del was impeccably dressed in a lavender dress that revealed her curves. Her nail polish and shoes matched her clothing perfectly. Del’s shoulder-length blond hair looked the same. “Smile at me,” Falon said suddenly, and Del showed her teeth. “You got Botox again.” “Yeah, my dentist does it at his office now. I can get my teeth cleaned and my lines erased at the same time. If I could get him to do collagen injections, I’d be set. I wish these doctors would work together. If my gynecologist worked in the same office as my dentist, I’d look like a race car in the pit. I’d get it all done in one appointment and be back on the road in no time.” Del glanced at her watch. “That reminds me, I’m going to see a plastic surgeon for a consultation tomorrow, so I’ll be late getting here in the morning.” “Would you leave your face alone? Del, you look fine.” “It’s not my face, I’m thinking about having my vagina reshaped. The other day when I was being lasered, I was staring at it in the big mirror. You can really see all your girl junk in it, but it’s kind of magnified, so I wasn’t really sure if things were as out of proportion as they seemed. When I got home, I looked at it with a hand mirror, and it still doesn’t look right to me.” Del stood and began pulling up her dress. “You’ve seen a shitload of vaginas, so I want you to tell me—” “Don’t you dare whip that out in here!” Falon covered her eyes with her hand. “I’m not looking at it, Del. I’m not!” “Come on, really?” Del looked completely taken aback. “You looked at my boobs.” “That’s because you turned them loose before I realized what you were doing.” Falon waved her hand. “Your lady junk is far more personal than boobs.” “How so?” “Cleavage,” Falon blurted out. “You wear shirts that show cleavage, that’s like a little preview. Your lady junk is a total mystery, and I want it to stay that way...
C.S. Lewis|The creature was there, a curiously shaped creature no doubt, but all loathing had vanished clean out of his mind, so that neither then nor at any other time could he remember it, nor ever understand again why one should quarrel with an animal for having more legs or eyes than oneself.
Annie Proulx, Barkskins|What is meant here by saying that existence precedes essence? It means that, first of all, man exists, turns up, appears on the scene, and, only afterwards, defines himself.... Not only is man what he conceives himself to be, but he is also only what he wills himself to be after this thrust toward existence. Whereas a table is a table is a table, humans have no preexisting essence and so define themselves,
Ashley Rickards|I haven't been brought down because people are focused on who I'm dating, what I'm eating, or what handbag is the best handbag - that's so cheap to me. But if others want to open up about their personal lives, that is their choice. It's not for me to judge.
ASAP Rocky|Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful.
Mike McCaul|Don't get me wrong, I love watching episodes of my favorite shows on Hulu and reading the daily trash on PageSix, but I also embrace the opportunity to settle down with a good book and let my mind travel to another place and time.
Lionel Suggs|Look at a full vivid painting, and look at an empty picture. If you can immediately see an entire universe within the empty picture, and absolutely nothing in the vivid painting, clarity is your friend. If you immediately see a full vivid painting and an empty picture, and see them for what they are, slavery is your friend.
Glen Duncan, I, Lucifer|On matters where it is difficult or impossible to pin the blame for their policies' failures on conservatives, the fallback position has been to hurl a slur at anyone pointing out the obvious failure....The left's never-ending use of these worn-out attacks on the character and motivations of those who disagree with them has caused them to lose their effect....At the ground level, since liberals have lost the ability to win any and every political discussion by hurling a slur, they are simply resorting to the next level in political interaction: violence and physical intimidation.
Scott Hastie|Every new dayOur children's joy is as fresh as roses,Even the birds chatter at dawn.
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield, The Secret Thoughts of an Unlikely Convert: An English Professor's Journey Into Christian Faith|The author describes the critic within us as adults as "the selves who live too much in their heads rather than their bodies, who are burdened with too much knowledge about how the world works rather than excited about how it could work or should, who are afraid of being judged and not being loved. Most adults do not live in a world of forgiveness and unconditional love, unless, that is, they have small children.
Joanne Harris|Some say they get lost in books, but I find myself, again and again, in the pages of a good book. Humanly speaking, there is no greater teacher, no greater therapist, no greater healer of the soul, than a well-stocked library.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|If you want to call it that. But it is a very specific sort of magic. There's a magic you take from death. Something leaves the world, something else comes into it.
James Comey|I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Although happiness is a stateof being, it usually still requiressome doing if it is to belasting in your life.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I tell you the truth, if you will leave your life based on the whims and caprices of men, you shall be like the corn in popcorn machine
Julia Kristeva, Black Sun: Depression and Melancholia|Can the beautiful be sad? Is beauty inseparable from the ephemeral and hence from mourning? Or else is the beautiful object the one that tirelessly returns following destructions and wars in order to bear witness that there is survival after death, that immortality is possible?
Montgomery Clift|I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death.
Henry Moore|We all cannot do everything or solve every issue. "It's impossible", however, if we each simply do our part. Make our own contribution, regardless of how small we may think it is.... together it adds up and great things get accomplished.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Often, when I read the news, I have to make sure I am not, in fact, reading The Onion. We continue to have national and state debates about abortion, birth control, and reproductive freedom, and men, mostly, are directing that debate. That is the stuff of satire.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative.
Salman Rushdie|In all my life, I have never been free. I have never been able to do anything with freedom, except in the field of my writing.
Anonymous|"So you want to become my son-in-law." "Not exactly. I just want to marry your daughter."
Louise Penny, Still Life|Why did he kill his own mother?’ Ruth asked.‘The oldest story in the book,’ said Gamache.‘Ben was a male prostitute?’ Gabri exclaimed.‘That’s the oldest profession. Where do you keep your head?’ asked Ruth. ‘Never mind, don’t answer that.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|The more I learn, the less I know.
Naomi Klein|But when I was an energetic self-important 10-year-old and found myself in a roomful of grownups, I felt guilty, and thought it only polite to conceal the fun I was having elsewhere. When an aged figure addressed me – they were all aged – I worried that what showed in my face was pity.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|...he was past youth, but had not reachedmiddle-age; perhaps he might be thirty-five. I felt no fear of him,and but little shyness. Had he been a handsome, heroic-lookingyoung gentleman, I should not have dared to stand thus questioninghim against his will, and offering my services unasked. I hadhardly ever seen a handsome youth; never in my life spoken to one.I had a theoretical reverence and homage for beauty, elegance,gallantry, fascination; but had I met those qualities incarnate inmasculine shape, I should have known instinctively that they neitherhad nor could have sympathy with anything in me, and should haveshunned them as one would fire, lightning, or anything else that isbright but antipathetic.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|The Orient and Islam have a kind of extrareal, phenomenologically reduced status that puts them out of reach of everyone except the Western expert. From the beginning of Western speculation about the Orient, the one thing th orient could not do was to represent itself. Evidence of the Orient was credible only after it had passed through and been made firm by the refining fire of the Orientalist’s work.
Donna Lynn Hope|If its danger you seek, come on over. I covet tranquility but beget the tempest storm.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|There is lust and then there is love. They are related, but still very different things. To indulge in one requires little but honeyed speech and a change of clothes; to obtain the other, by contrast, a man must give up his rib. In return, his woman will undo the sin of Eve, and bring him back into Paradise.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|Because much of the content of education is not cognitively natural, the process of mastering it may not always be easy and pleasant, notwithstanding the mantra that learning is fun. Children may be innately motivated to make friends, acquire status, hone motor skills, and explore the physical world, but they are not necessarily motivated to adapt their cognitive faculties to unnatural tasks like formal mathematics. A family, peer group, and culture that ascribe high status to school achievement may be needed to give a child the motive to persevere toward effortful feats of learning whose rewards are apparent only over the long term.
Betty Friedan|For too long in this society, we have celebrated unrestrained individualism over common community.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|To truly live a passionate life, develop habits and routines that engage you and enable you to express your passion each day.
Alice Hoffman|I don't know if this is too weird to say, but this is completely surreal for me. Bizarre. The cover of 'Teen Vogue' has been on my bucket list forever.
Stefan Fatsis, A Few Seconds of Panic: A 5-Foot-8, 170-Pound, 43-Year-Old Sportswriter Plays in the NFL|Jesus was sent to love, so He loved and through this example we ourselves should exemplify love also.
Gael Garcia Bernal|For me, I'm a filmmaker because, above all, I'm an explorer. It's my way of exploring and investigating the problems, the questions, and the mysteries about what it means to be human that vex me most, that keep me up at night, and that, when I finally fall asleep, insinuate themselves into my dreams.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|Selfishness leads to nothingness. Generosity and benevolence leads to great reward,” he explained.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|If we are to be blessed, we must pursue the Giver of blessings.
Shehanne Moore, The Unraveling of Lady Fury|There was a multitude of sexual scenarios, from asimple one-on-one couple fucking like bunnies to anoutright orgy with no less than eight people joined likeLEGOs.
Brigitte Bardot|Usually, the roles that you get offered that are the mom roles are very much the mom role.
Jane Campion|Imagination is Reality Lite - a useful substitute when the real pleasure is inaccessible, too risky, or too much work.
Harvey Fierstein|If everybody is doing it one way, there's a good chance you can find your niche by going exactly in the opposite direction.
Alexandre Dumas, The Man in the Iron Mask|There are cancers so insidious in their nature that their very pulsation is invisible. Such cancers leave the ivory whiteness of the skin untouched, and marble not the firm, fair flesh, with their blue tints; the physician who bends over the patient's chest hears not, through he listens, the insatiable teeth of the disease grinding its onward progress through the muscles, as the blood flows freely on; the knife has never been able to destroy, and rarely even, temporarily, to discern the rage of these mortal scourges; their home is in the mind, which they corrupt; they fill the whole heart until it breaks. Such, madame, are the cancers, fatal to queens; are you, too, free from their scourge?
Phyllis McGinley|You Have Happened To MeLike the first blossom of the spring and the first drizzle of the rain,			You have happened to me.With that sudden smile, very close to mine, 			You have happened to me.When I was at lowest aura, with tears on edge of my eyes, You have happened to me.When I have least expected, in that depth of our talks, out of my knowledge,You have happened to me.Somewhere in those loud laughs and gathering some smoky puffs,			You have happened to me.Without the fear of world, got tied up with just one knurled,You have happened to me.In the most beautiful way I could ever imagine, while getting my self lagin,			You have happened to me.I don’t know if that’s a blessing or a miracle then,How you have happened to me?I am still surprised with those shiny sparks in my eyes,You have happened to me.Talking about having the happy time, you became the reason of my smile,You have happened to me.In those long waits and running behind your fast steps,You have happened to me.Around your long advices, rolling my eyes while trying to believe in them,You have happened to me.The warmth of tea I have sipped next to you, melted my heart for you and You have happened to me.Over those answers of my every question, and the way my heart felt so freshen,You have happened to me,Somehow surrounded by our rational deliberation, and continuous feel of desperation,You have happened to me.Looking at you a many times a day and look! How it is changing the way in slow motion,			You have happened to me.
Melina Marchetta, Froi of the Exiles|Some of us weren't born for rewards, Froi. We were born for sacrifices.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Date Dead Men|I am neither good, nor bad, neither angel nor devil, I am a man, I am a vampire.
Susan Rebecca White, A Soft Place to Land|The thing is, I don't even hate cops. To tell you the truth, I actually feel a little sorry for them.
Carol P. Christ|Although a lot of pain for a little screen time; Shaving legs, waxing eyebrows, high heels, trying to put on a bra, losing weight because women's clothes are SO revealing - Ladies you have my respect.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|For something to be a crime there must be both an actus reus and mens rea — that is, a criminal act accompanied by a criminal state of mind.
Dr Susan Block|I wish social disparity has long gone, people can be genuine, and news can be fact-based and error-free.
Dhyana Stanley, The Human Experience Is the Dance of Heaven and Earth: A Call Home to Peace|We are here not only to realize the truth of our being but to express it. If we realize who we are but still move from fear or a sense of obligation or cultural expectation, then the realization has not yet integrated into the whole of life.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|They don’t teach kidnapping at Eton, dad
Chaim Potok, The Gift of Asher Lev|Truth has to be given in riddles. People can't take truth if it comes charging at them like a bull. The bull is always killed. You have to give people the truth in a riddle, hide it so they go looking for it and find it piece by piece; that way they learn to live with it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|They stuff people’s heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,” he told Harry. “Want to come upstairs and practice?”“No, thanks,” said Harry. “The poor toilet’s never had anything as horrible as your head down it — it might be sick.” Then he ran, before Dudley could work out what he’d said.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|You are alone,So alone,You speak back to silence.People call it loneliness,You call it solitude,Different words,Meaning the same pain.
Sarah Payne Stuart, Perfectly Miserable: Guilt, God and Real Estate in a Small Town|You’re only as happy as your least happy child,’ is the best description of motherhood I have ever read.
Miklós Nyiszli, Auschwitz: A Doctor's Eyewitness Account|Poor friend and learned physician, my sensitive and gentle companion, instead of treating and curing the sick you yourself have fallen beneath the yoke of death, and now belong to death's kingdom. For many months you have witnessed such suffering and horror as the human mind can scarcely conceive, as he who sees cannot believe. Perhaps it is for the best that your nerves have betrayed you, that a benevolent veil of forgetfulness has fallen upon your mind. Now, at least, you need not fret or worry about what the future may hold in store for you.
Stefan Molyneux|They did the best they could with the knowledge they had." How the fuck did people know that? They didn't have no way of knowing that. Even if they did the best they could with the knowledge they had, why the hell didn't they have better knowledge? I mean, then nobody should ever fail an exam because everyone who Wright's an exam is doing the best they can with the knowledge they have. If I don't study for geography exam then I flunk out. Can I then say wait, just like the people who get a "A" I was doing the best I could with the knowledge I had. That's not an excuse for a 6 year old with a goddamn spelling B. How the hell is it an excuse for parents in full control of a developing human mind?If you don't study for the exam you fucking fail and if you don't study for parenting you fucking fail. You don't get to say that you did the best you could with the knowledge you had. Fuck that. That's a bullshit cop-out. You goddamn will study. It's a little more important raising a child than passing a spelling B when you're 6 goddamn years old. You goddamn will study and if you don't study youre more culpable.
J.J. Abrams, S.|It's what happens. You love, then you lose, then you die. Even if you survive, you die.
Compton Gage|We pass away out of the world as grasshoppers, and our life is astonishment and fear, and we are not worthy to obtain mercy.
Cecelia Ahern, The Gift|What is it with science these days? Everyone is so quick to believe in it, in all these new scientific discoveries, new pills for this, new pills for that. Get thinner, grow hair, yada, yada, yada, but when it requires a little faith in something you all go crazy.' He shook his head, 'If miracles had chemical equations then everyone would believe.
Titus Lucretius Carus, The Nature of Things|I came to understand the most intriguing irony of life, that the most intimate partner of life is death. (Page 94)
Rick Yancey, The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp|But we fall only that we might rise, Alfred. All of us fall; all of us, as you say, screw up. Falling is not important. It is how we get up after the fall that's important.
Dan Marino|Mainly what I learned from Buddy... was an attitude. He loved music, and he taught me that it shouldn't have any barriers to it.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|We are drifting into some ugly parallels here, and if I'd written this kind of thing two years ago I'd pick up the New York Times and see myself mangled all over the Op-Ed page... And then beaten into a bloody coma the next evening by some hired thugs in an alley behind the National Press Building.....
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|West Virgina never left Katherine's heart, but Virginia was her destiny.
Carolyn Dean, The Magnesium Miracle|Serotonin, the "feel-good" brain chemical that is boosted by Prozac, depends on magnesium for its production and function.
Robert Morrissette|Somedays you're the cue ball, somedays you are the eight ball
Ellis Peters|Every spring is the only spring, a perpetual astonishment!
Thomas More|A critic is a eunuch working in a harem. He watches it, but he knows he can't do it. Critics very often are failed writers and, like failed priests, they hate religion.
John Geddes|This will be a winter so desolate, only memory can fill the emptiness
Stephen King, It|He felt more crypts cracking open inside of him; the stench he smelled was not decayed bodies but decayed memories, and that was somehow worse.
Avery Flynn, Enemies on Tap|The Sweets rarely set foot on the avenues. They'd always lived on the street-side of town, where duct tape held everything together and WD-40 stopped the squeaks.
Vinita Kinra|When you feel big and powerful, stand before a mountain; when you feel small and weak, stand before an ant.
ANK|Beauty was a bait, love was the trap,I was the pray.. fallen for the most beautiful predator..
Sydney J. Harris, Best of Sydney Harris|And the end of this paradox is that only when the child is thus free can he have the proper attachment to his parents; only when we allow his independence can he then freely offer us love and respect, without conflict and without resentment. It is the hardest lesson to learn that the goal of parenthood is not to reign forever but to abdicate gracefully at the right time.
Martin Scorsese, A Personal Journey with Martin Scorsese Through American Movies|Hey, I got an idea, let’s go to the movies. I wanna go to the movies, I want to take you all to the movies. Let’s go and experience the art of the cinema. Let’s begin with the Scream Of Fear, and we are going to haunt us for the rest of our lives. And then let’s go see The Great Escape, and spend our summer jumping our bikes, just like Steve McQueen over barb wire. And then let’s catch The Seven Samurai for some reason on PBS, and we’ll feel like we speak Japanese because we can read the subtitles and hear the language at the same time. And then let’s lose sleep the night before we see 2001: A Space Odyssey because we have this idea that it’s going to change forever the way we look at films. And then let’s go see it four times in one year. And let’s see Woodstock three times in one year and let’s see Taxi Driver twice in one week. And let’s see Close Encounters of the Third Kind just so we can freeze there in mid-popcorn. And when the kids are old enough, let’s sit them together on the sofa and screen City Lights and Stage Coach and The Best Years of Our Lives and On The Waterfront and Midnight Cowboy and Five Easy Pieces and The Last Picture Show and Raging Bull and Schindler’s List… so that they can understand how the human condition can be captured by this amalgam of light and sound and literature we call the cinema.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|There is a saying that, according to what a person's mentality is, even an angel may seem to him to have a devil's face.
Chief Joseph|I speak not for myself but for those without voice... those who have fought for their rights... their right to live in peace, their right to be treated with dignity, their right to equality of opportunity, their right to be educated.
Garon Whited, Nightlord: Shadows|A reputation is like a shadow; it hides when you go to sleep, but always returns with the sun…
Dada Bhagwan|The path people know, is not the path of liberation. It is the path of the worldly life. The path of liberation is not one of imagination. It is a pure path. Where there are no worries, no externally created problems. There is bliss of the Self (samadhi) amidst all external problems.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Every beautiful place is your temple, you can always visit them; every useful book is your holy book, you can always read them; every place you find love is your heaven, you can always go there! Don’t get stuck in the temples, in the so-called holy books and heavens of the religions because life is much richer, much superior and much intelligent than all the religions because life is alive, it is dynamic and it continuously develops itself!
Michele Jennae|WILL WORK FOR FOOD © 2013 Lyrics & Music by Michele JennaeThere he was with a cardboard sign, Will Work For Food Saw him on the roadside, As I took my kids to schoolI really didn’t have time to stop, Already running late Found myself pulling over, Into the hands of fate The look in his eyes was empty, But he held out his hand I knew my kids were watching, As I gave him all I had My heart in my throat I had to ask, “What brought you here?” He looked up and straight into my eyes, I wanted to disappear. CHORUS He said… Do you think I really saw myself, Standing in this light Forgotten by society, After fighting for your rights WILL WORK FOR FOOD, WILL DIE FOR YOU I AM JUST A FORGOTTEN SOLDIER, I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DOv. 2 He put the money in his pocket, Then he took me by the hand Thank you dear for stopping by, I am sure that you have plans He nodded toward my children, Watching from afar It’s time they were off to school, You should get in the car My eyes welled up and tears fell down, I couldn’t say a word Here this man with nothing to his name, Showing me his concern I knew then that the lesson, That today must be taught Wouldn’t come from textbooks, And it could not be bought CHORUS He said… Do you think I really saw myself, Standing in this light Forgotten by society, After fighting for your rights WILL WORK FOR FOOD, WILL DIE FOR YOU I AM JUST A FORGOTTEN SOLDIER, I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DOv. 3 I told him then that I had a job, That I could give him work And in return he’d have a meal, And something to quench his thirst He looked at me and shrugged a bit, And followed me to the car We went right over to a little café, Just up the road not too far After I ordered our food he looked at me, And asked about the kids “Shouldn’t these tykes be in school, And about that job you said.” “Your job,” I said, “is to school my girls, In the ways of the world Explain to them your service, And how your life unfurled.”He said… Do you think I really saw myself, Standing in this light Forgotten by society, After fighting for your rights WILL WORK FOR FOOD, WILL DIE FOR YOU I AM JUST A FORGOTTEN SOLDIER, I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DOv. 4He wasn’t sure quite what to do, As he ate his food And began to tell us all about his life… the bad… the good. He wiped his own tears from his eyes, His story all but done My girls and I all choked up, Hugged him one by one Understanding his sacrifice, But not his current plight We resolved then and there that day, That for him, we would fight. We offered him our friendship, And anything else we had He wasn’t sure how to accept it, But we made him understandLAST CHORUS That we had not really seen before, Him standing in the light No longer forgotten by us, We are now fighting for his rights He had… WORKED FOR FOOD HE HAD ALL BUT DIED FOR ME AND YOU NOT FORGOTTEN ANYMORE BUT STILL A SOLDIER IN TRUST
D.B.C. Pierre|My conscience is crosswired with my sweat glands, but there's a short in the system and I break out over things I didn't do, which only makes me look more suspect.
Stephen Emond, Winter Town|It was hope that was the problem. Hoping feelings wouldn't be hurt, hoping love would blossom, that was painful. But committing yourself to misery, that was just a dead feeling. It was pulling the Band-Aid and embracing the pain.
Poignant Painters, Whistling Silence|Don't worry about your future in the past,Otherwise the sense of enjoyment won't last.By Vinay Chawla
Pedro A. Pérez Raymond|A Great Teacher is like a fountain; she draws from the still, deep waters of personal growth and professional knowledge to serve others from her abundant overflow.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|A person could waste an important part of his living if he refuses to come into significance; if he refuses to impact lives around, the family and in the community or in the society.
Lenora Fraga|I grabbed a shovel and dug, and dug, and dug.Sorry not a very poetic thought, but very deep.
John Thune|Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Have you noticed how dogs sniff at one another when they meet? It seems to be their nature.- Yes; it's a funny habit.- No, it's not funny; you are wrong there. There's nothing funny in nature, however funny it may seem to man. If dogs could reason and criticize us they'd be sure to find just as much that would be funny to them, if not far more, in the social relations of men, their masters -far more, I think. I am more convinced that there is far more foolishness among us.
Faith Baldwin, Harvest of Hope|It seems to me that few people walk their ways with deliberation, stopping every so often to delight in the seasons and in the simple, important, enduring things. Most of those I know are either rushing about blindly, almost headlong, or inching along, looking down. Both methods of progression are, in a spiritual sense, not progression at all, but symptoms of fear.No matter what has happened or what you fear will happen, you have to walk as though you were going somewhere—not in a hurry, not at a crawl, and certainly not running away from something toward you know not what.It cannot be said too often, or by too many people, that the path we follow must be taken a step at a time—never on the run, and never standing still, neither going backward nor marking time. Everyone hazards a guess at the future—his own, the future of those he loves, the future of the country and the world. Statisticians often come up with some amazing suggestions; so do computers; but no one really knows. Only He know, Who created this world in all its beauty, and our small selves, with it. And it's just as well that we don't know.
Monica Johnson|God gives us our relatives, thank God we can choose our friends.
Cormac McCarthy, Outer Dark|It howled execration upon the dim camarine world of its nativity wail on wail while he lay there gibbering with palsied jawhasps, his hands putting back the night like some witless Paraclete beleaguered with all limbo's clamor.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|You don't look well," he pronounced."Indigestion," I replied."From what?""Reality.""Join the queue.
Niels Bohr|I had given up some youth for knowledge, but my gain was more valuable than the loss.
Rick Perlstein|I believe all people, regardless of sexual orientation, should be guaranteed the full rights to the legal benefits and responsibilities of marriage under the Constitution.
Kid Rock|In my teen years, I was hanging out with adults - Steven Meisel, Francois Nars, Oribe, Paul Cavaco. We had so much fun! We'd go out in New York.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To be successful, love yourself and be originally you. Discover what you were born to do and do it well.
Paul Lafargue, The Right to Be Lazy|The walking tour guides one through the city's various landmarks, reciting bits of information the listener might find enlightening. I learned, for example, that in the late 1500s my little neighborhood square was a popular spot for burning people alive. Now lined with a row of small shops, the tradition continues, though in a figurative rather than literal sense.
Nicolas Cage|If you are worried about what people think of you, you should go into politics. Real actors take chances.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|It becomes an energy, when two similar souls, combine together
Margaret Atwood, Moral Disorder and Other Stories|I can’t seem to wipe away the blood. I rub my hands against my nightgown, but traces of the red remain, staining the lines of my palms and the crescents beneath my fingernails. I wipe harder, gathering and bunching the soft cotton inside my fists. The fabric has been slit up the center and for a moment I worry that I’ve been cut, that maybe the blood is my own. I try to ask what’s happening, but there’s a mask over my mouth and nose. Suddenly it hits me—I’m in an ambulance.I don’t remember how I got here.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Liz, you must be very polite with yourself when you are learning something new.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|There is so much about my fate that I cannot control, but other things do fall under my jurisdiction. There are certain lottery tickets I can buy, thereby increasing my odds of finding contentment. I can decide how I spend my time, whom I interact with, whom share my body and life and money and energy with.
Margaret Mitchell|There are so many attention whores out there, prostituting for people's acknowledgment
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther and Selected Writings|A human being needs only a small plot of ground on which to be happy, and even less to lie beneath.
Steven William Lawrie, Achet-Aten, or 1:1.618|It is hieroglyphic that will last, not stone heads. The future belongs to the word, not the image.(The mason Mutsose, in Achet-Aten).
Eleanor Roosevelt|There is no ideal world for you to wait around for. The world is always just what it is now, and it's up to you how you respond to it.
Othniel Charles Marsh|Many of the poets writing today are hung up on language and symbolism. If the poem does not have depth of meaning or fit a certain academic styles and standards, then it is not poetry. Poetry should relate to the man on the street who has to work for a living. Until poetry connects with the working man, it’s not going to sell; it’s not going to be of value.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|Carefully bracing himself so that he wouldn't hurt her, he leaned over and brushed his lips against hers.He raised his head. Her haunted sapphire eyes stared at him."Daemon?" There was so much uncertainty in her voice."Hello, sweetheart," he said, his voice husky with the effort not to cry. "I've missed you."Her hand moved slowly, with effort, until it rested against his face. Her lips curved into a smile. "Daemon."This time, when she said his name, it sounded like a promise, like a lovely caress.
Kevyn Aucoin|I'm less worried about accomplishment - as younger people always can't help but be - and more concerned with spending my time well, spending time with my family, and reading, learning things.
Barry M. Goldwater|If a man says he is Christian, yet he has no problems knocking you up, having premarital sex or living in sin with you, then you have to ask yourself, “What version of Christ does he believe in?
Lemmy Kilmister|To all, I would say how mistaken they are when they think that they stop falling in love when they grow old, without knowing that they grow old when they stop falling in love.
Ronald A. Heifetz, Leadership on the Line: Staying Alive Through the Dangers of Leading|Exercising leadership is an expression of your aliveness... But when you cover yourself up, you risk losing something as well. In the struggle to save yourself, you can give up too many of those qualities that are the essence of being alive, like innocence, curiosity, and compassion.
Michael Sokolove, Warrior Girls: Protecting Our Daughters Against the Injury Epidemic in Women's Sports|We hear about Tiger Woods as a prodigy at three years old. For every Tiger Woods, there are thousands of kids who never want to touch a golf club again.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Heaven to Betsy|This was me before I knew about anything hard, when my whole life was packed lunches and art projects and spelling quizzes.
Robert A. Heinlein, For Us, the Living: A Comedy of Customs|He became convinced that ordinary commercial financing could be done for a service charge plus an insurance fee amounting to much less that the current rates of interest charged by banks, whose rates were based on supply and demand, treating money as a commodity rather than as a sovereign state's means of exchange.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Who said 'please' that made you hate the word so much?"Andrew gazed at him in silence for a minute. "I did.
Germany Kent|Stop giving people the power to control your smile, your worth, your attitude and your day. Don’t give anyone that much power over your life.
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|But in reading all of the passages in which Jesus uses the word "hell," what is so striking is that people believing the right or wrong things isn't his point. He's often not talking about "beliefs" as we think of them--he's talking about anger and lust and indifference. He's talking about the state of his listeners' hearts, about how they conduct themselves, how they interact with their neighbors, about the kind of effect they have on the world.
Daniel Boulud|It is amazing that people who think we cannot afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, and medication somehow think that we can afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, medication and a government bureaucracy to administer it.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|I used many times to touch my own chest and feel, under its asthmatic quiver, the engine of the heart and lungs and blood and feel amazed at what I sensed was the enormity of the power I possessed. Not magical power, but real power. The power simply to go on, the power to endure, that is power enough, but I felt I had also the power to create, to add, to delight, to amaze and to transform.
Oran Tkatchov, Success for Every Student: A Guide to Teaching and Learning|With all the multi-tiered interventions, assessment software, aligned textbooks, digital content, and scripted curriculum available to the field, some might question if the role of the teacher is significant in today’s schools. Does it really matter who is leading the classroom? The answer to this question is a resounding YES!
Shashank Rayal|Beautiful face doesn't makes your heart beautiful,But a beautiful heart always projects you as a beautiful person.
Sir Richard Tangye|He possesses dominion over himself  and is happy  who can every day say  "I have lived." Tomorrow the heavenly Father may either involve the world in dark clouds  or cheer it with clear sunshine  he will not  however  render ineffectual the things which have already taken place.
Epiphana Lewis|A shadow passes over her face, but she shakes it off fast as she leans forward, her bright-blue hair swinging over her shoulder and clashing with her pumpkin-orange shirt. “You think you’re the only one who wants to bring back someone they love? Everyone loses someone. It’s inevitable. Everyone thinks they’re willing to give up everything to get that person back. There aren’t many who are actually capable of it.”My breath catches in my throat as my brain processes her words. Nowhere in that speech did she say what I wanted was impossible. She just said most people aren’t willing to make the necessary sacrifice.“I’ll do it. Anything. Whatever it takes.
Leonard S. Marcus, The Wand in the Word: Conversations with Writers of Fantasy|Fantasy is storytelling with the beguiling power to transform the impossible into the imaginable, and to reveal our own “real” world in a fresh and truth-bearing light.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Many a death was precipitated by the food, the job, or the medication whose main function was to postpone it.
Frank Daniels III|When I look back now, I realize what a trial I must have been to my friends and relatives. It was one frenzy after one elation after one enthusiasm after one hysteria after another. I was always yelling and running somewhere, because I was afraid life was going to be over that very afternoon.
Helen Keller|Regardless of the situation, don’t let the bastards win … and have no regrets … for it will be a good day!-Richard Wakinyan (Martian Fleet Commander)
John C. Calhoun|'War and Peace' goes down a lot smoother than a Dan Brown novel, let me tell you.
Alice Hoffman, The Museum of Extraordinary Things|I don't remember much, which is a kind of mercy,I suppose. I see it in patterns.Sometimes it's like a scribble on a wall- no matter how many times you paint over it, a bit of it always comes through, but not enough to put together the whole.I try not to think about it too much.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|Christopher heard a pair of women gossiping nearby, whispering in disapproving undertones. "... Ramsey was found flirting in a corner with a woman. They had to drag him away from her." "Who was it?" "His own wife." "Oh, dear.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Values are the guiding principles through which you make choices and decisions. They are influenced by your beliefs, and will help you uphold a higher standard of personal character.
Doris Perdue-Johnson|The 2 Perfect Recipes for Rearing & Raising Godly Children are: Stay On Your Knees for Direction & Stand On Your feet as an Example,
Upton Sinclair, World's End|Military men say that troops can stand twenty percent losses; more than that, they go to pieces. But we had many an outfit with only twenty percent survivors and they went on fighting.
Nico Mirallegro|I think if I heard someone else talking about their life, describing all the problems I've had, they'd look like they were through. Done. But there's something about me - I'm smiling. Those things are really not bad enough to put me in a slump. I'm smiling with the opportunity to wake up every morning.
Najib Razak|President Bush has shown great leadership. He has said that the 21st century will not be ruled or dictated by terrorists, dictators, and murderers. He is absolutely right. God bless him for his resolve.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|The woman would be beautiful if she wasn't so deceitful, but snakes ofte3n had the most beautiful design on their scales.
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|Harry," she said quietly, "I know you must be angry."I burn things to ash and smash holes in buildings when I'm angry," I said. "I'm a couple of steps past that point right now.
Vincent van Gogh|...and then, I have nature and art and poetry, and if that is not enough, what is enough?
Thomas Jefferson|Fertilizer does no good in a heap, but a little spread around works miracles all over.
|In order to live in the reality of your God's given destiny, you must consistently guard your mind against all self-defeating thoughts and beliefs.
Francis A. Schaeffer|Grey hoped the Church would yet be able to save England from the fate of Tyre or Carthage, the great trading nations
Holly Hood, Scattered and Broken|Let’s all try to be fearless, sometimes we wish for the most perfect of outcomes and we arrive at the most unforgettable. Life can be scary and leave us hiding, but when we come out of hiding, we may realize, that life was the one thing that we could always count on…
Dan O'Brien, Buffalo for the Broken Heart: Restoring Life to a Black Hills Ranch|I knew by the signs it would be a hard winter. The hollies bore a heavy crop of berries and birds stripped them bare. Crows quarreled in reaped fields and owls cried in the mountains, mournful as widows. Fur and moss grew thicker than usual. Cold rains came, driven sideways through the trees by north winds, and snows followed.
Anton Chekhov|If you want to work on your acting, work on yourself.
Seneca, Moral Essays: Volume III|No, we wern't telling Teresa. Because she had that same smell on her skin too, that dead hoocow's awful sterile rot, and until I had some answers to throw in her face I was pretending everything was fine.
Betsy Lerner, The Forest for the Trees|When an editor works with an author, she cannot help seeing into the medicine cabinet of his soul. All the terrible emotions, the desire for vindications, the paranoia, and the projection are bottled in there, along with all the excesses of envy, desire for revenge, all the hypochondriacal responses, rituals, defenses, and the twin obsessions with sex and money. It other words, the stuff of great books.
Marian Engel|Soon, what was tedious was everything. 'Beautiful things, they're so tedious! Paintings, they're enough to drive you mad...How right you are, it's so tedious, writing letters!' In the end it was life itself that she declared to us was a bore, without one quite knowing from where she was taking her term of comparison.
Robert Frost|I go back to my room and lie under the covers, trying not to think of Gale and thinking of nothing else.
Gary Patton|I wanted to project myself forward to age 80 and say, ‘OK, I’m looking back on my life. I want to minimise the number of regrets I have.’ And I knew that when I was 80, I was not going to regret having tried this. I was not going to regret trying to participate in this thing called the Internet that I thought was going to be a really big deal. I knew that if I failed, I wouldn’t regret that. But I knew the one thing I might regret is not ever having tried. I knew that that would haunt me every day.
Walter Benjamin, Illuminations: Essays and Reflections|And it's just dawned on me that I might be the author of my own story, but so is everyone else the author of their own stories, and sometimes, like now, there's no overlap.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|The first rule of Evernight is that any vampire who seeks sanctuary must be given a place." -Charity
Anand Giridharadas, India Calling: An Intimate Portrait of a Nation's Remaking|When we observe oppression, let us develop strategies that free not only the oppressed but also the oppressor. Let us remember that those who use their power to deny freedom to others are also imprisoned and are also worthy of care. Do not let their unjust actions inspire us to cruelty, or else we will soon become what we set out against.Here is our challenge: let us take up the miseducation of justice-making, by stripping our minds of the idea that equity can be manifested through condemnation, through humiliation, through shame and blame, and through righteous vindication. No, justice-making begins by marrying a just thought to insightful words, inviting us to collective action, by daring to free both the oppressed and the oppressor, for we know what it is like to be both.Stand we must, stand strong and bold. But let us choose a new way to balance the scales. Rather than shoving our foot on oppressors’ necks, let us instead reach out a hand, offer a seat, and show them, and even ourselves, a new way of justice-making by collectively experimenting with the moral imagination.
Charles W. Colson|I know the resurrection is a fact, and Watergate proved it to me. How? Because 12 men testified they had seen Jesus raised from the dead, then they proclaimed that truth for 40 years, never once denying it. Every one was beaten, tortured, stoned and put in prison. They would not have endured that if it weren't true. Watergate embroiled 12 of the most powerful men in the world-and they couldn't keep a lie for three weeks. You're telling me 12 apostles could keep a lie for 40 years? Absolutely impossible.
Victoria Alexander, Seduction of a Proper Gentleman|Instead of living our lives fighting discontentment, striving to gain contentment from things that were never meant to bring contentment… What if we gave it all up for a grand adventure, for a worthy cause, for the Father? Why do we keep searching to find a hole to shove our hearts into when they were meant to be poured out and fill the entire world?
Jacqueline E. Smith, Between Worlds|Its true that love doesn't come easily. Its equally hard to just let it go. Ironically, its just not in your hand.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|Grief doesn't arrive on schedule, as much as we'd like to.
Martin Luther King Jr.|In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Alice Duer Miller, Are Women People? a Book of Rhymes for Suffrage Times|We are not really senseless, and we are not angels, too,But very human beings, human just as much as you.It's hard upon occasions to be forceful and sublimeWhen you're treated as incompetents three-quarters of the time.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Once you learn how to straighten out your thinking, your life straightens out. Problems that were too complicated to deal with have solutions. There's peace where there was chaos because there's power where there was weakness. A strong life begins with a strong thought. A healthy life begins in a clean brain.
Richard Bach, The Bridge Across Forever: A True Love Story|Having made the decision to love, had I chosen life instead of death?
Peter Heller, The Dog Stars|By degrees, the bitterness at my heart diffused itself to the circumference of the circle in which my life went its cheerless mechanical round.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|He had had a severe shock some weeks earlier, when, having narrowly failed to capture a large grey-brown hare for his dinner, it had stopped at the edge of the forest, looked at him with disdain, and said, 'Well, I hope you're proud of yourself, that's all,' and had scampered off into the long grass
Eartha Kitt|It’s all about falling in love with yourself and sharing that love with someone who appreciates you, rather than looking for love to compensate for a self love deficit.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|Nothing shows our hearts like sacrifice. When we are willing not only to give from our excess, but to embrace some personal loss or disadvantage for the sake of showing generosity toward others, we say loudly and clearly…that we have a greater love than ourselves and our comforts.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Under the glass porte-cochère of a theatre Amory stood, watching the first great drops of rain splatter down and flatten to dark stains on the sidewalk. The air became grey and opalescent; a solitary light suddenly outlined a window over the way; then another light; then a hundred more danced and glimmered into vision. Under his feet a thick, iron-studded skylight turned yellow; in the street the lamps of the taxicabs sent out glistening sheens along the already black pavement. The unwelcome November rain had perversely stolen the day’s last hour and pawned it with that ancient fence, the night.
Janet Reno|I wrote about a bird that cleaned a crocodile's teeth. The story was so good that my teacher could not believe that a ten-year-old could write that well. I was even punished because my teacher thought I'd lied about writing it! I had always loved to write, but it was then that I realized that I had a talent for it.
shivangi lavaniya|nDear smokers, when you burn one stick you not only burnrelationships but also burn your one and only life.
Terry L. Mills, The Escort: Walking to Eternity with My Brother|I should have told you long ago how much I love you, but those fleeting moments of opportunity passed all too quickly. Before I knew it, you had gone to your eternity. Nevertheless, I want to tell you now that I love you . . . still!
Rouben Mamoulian|If you're going to counsel people - and that's all my ministry is, it's a counseling ministry more than anything else - people have to believe that they can trust you and that they can listen to you, that you're going to try to help them and not just politically try to convert them to your views.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The destructive power of pride is that it countenances nothing higher than itself. Because of an inherent fault in our nature, man’s bias is on the side of error. In our willful desire to live independently of God, we have severed the lifeline that flows from the source of all life.
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|And I realized that some things just don't work that way. Life isn't a fairy tail. And the person you fall in love with doesn't always love you back. But that's ok, because at the very least it makes you stronger. And brings you to a place where you can fall in love with yourself. And that to me is more important than finding someone that only makes you complete when they are around, It's really about Finding the person that will teach you ALL the lessons you need to know ...so that you feel complete all by yourself. 
Rob Liano|Before you make a decision, ask yourself this question: will you regret the results or rejoice in them?
Juan Pablo Di Pace|I've learned very, very, very clearly that money does not equal happiness or security, either.
Fakeer Ishavardas|But there is no such being as an ordinary man or woman if by ordinary you mean what so many people mean: negligible. Each human being is so tremendous that he or she merits a reverence that is really religious. For each is a creation of God; each a mirror of Divinity; each a feature or a facet on the Face of Christ; each an object of constant care and concern to the Trinity. There is nothing ordinary in the sense that so many of us use that word, about any human being.
Caryll Houselander, The Reed of God|Powerful to alleviate, to delay, to camouflage, though money is, in the end it lets us down.
Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour|I am ever a gentle maiden," she shouted. "Damn if I'm not.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|I recommend the French beret, for it gives the impression of just the right soft toughness, a veritable wave of sophisticated brain matter. It is the kind of hat that inspires a person to grow into it, to become the person they never knew they could be. The space between the top of the head and the beginnings of hat is among the most intimate of areas: earlobe behinds, elbow insides, and anuses. One must pay heed to such spaces for they hold a potential not fully known (but generally agreed to be vast).
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Raced Fairyland All the Way Home|All time is mean young man. It takes and does not give, it rushes when you wish it would linger and drags when you wish is would fly. It flows sullenly, only in one direction, when it might take a thousand turns. You cannot get anything back once time has taken it. Time cheats and steals and lies and kills. If anyone could arrest it, they would have time behind bars faster than you can check your watch.
Mary Wesley|California is a place of invention, a place of courage, a place of vision, a place of the future. People who made California what it is were willing to take risks, think outside convention and build.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Pilgrims . . . put their ideals ahead of all material considerations. It is not surprising that the Pilgrims had little and succeeded, while we have much and are in danger of failing. No civilization can make progress unless some great principle is generously mixed into the mortar of its foundations in life.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|...the heart has no tears to give,--it drops only blood, bleeding itself away in silence.
Chelsea Cain|If you can visualize the whole of spring and see Paradise with the eye of belief, you may understand the utter majesty of everlasting Beauty. If you respond to that Beauty with the beauty of belief and worship, you will be a most beautiful creature.
Kelly Moran, Exposure|Say yes. Open your eyes, see that it's me, and say yes.
Vivienne Westwood, Fashion Manifesto: The Style-smart Handbook|You must remember, Madame Harris, elegance is in the details.
Diane Duane, My Enemy, My Ally|Cheat, defeat, repeat.
Kara Lee Corthron, The Truth of Right Now|Saturday-morning cartoon sure aren't what they used to be. The animation is lazy. Too clean. He misses being able to detect pencil lines and paint strokes in his favorite cartoon characters, his mind never quite separating the creatures from the art that brought them to life.
Kemi Sogunle|Never stop loving while living, when you stop loving, you stop living.
Krzysztof Kieślowski, Kieslowski on Kieslowski|Piracy of Bollywood; or Bollywood of Piracy, Tough to Say.
Stuart Christie|Anarchists have a 'bad name' in the media, not because they can point to one indiscriminate massacre by anarchists--there have been none--but because the one thing holders of power fear is that they personally should be held responsible for their own actions
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|It's not that heroes have no fear; it's just that they understand what it takes, to get the job done!!
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|… and now and then we could look up and give each other a thought, because I think he could have beautiful thoughts,and we could just let each other be less lonely in our loneliness.
Will Bly, Creatures: A Collection of Short Stories|The line between 'normal' and 'neurotic' begins to appear when any activity becomes compulsive - that is, when the person feels pushed to perform the act because it habitually allays his anxiety rather than because of any intrinsic wish to perform the act.
Natasha Tsakos|The tough mind is sharp and penetrating, breaking through the crust of legends and myths and sifting the true from the false. The tough-minded individual is astute and discerning. He has a strong austere quality that makes for firmness of purpose and solidness of commitment. Who doubts that this toughness is one of man's greatest needs? Rarely do we find men who willingly engage in hard, solid thinking. There is an almost universal quest for easy answers and half-baked solutions. Nothing pains some people more than having to think.
Kandathil Sebastian, Dolmens in the Blue Mountain|Don’t lie. Life is a puzzle and we are all unique pieces. When you lie, you make it impossible to find your true place in the grand design.
George MacDonald, Wilfrid Cumbermede|Certainly work is not always required of a man. There is such a thing as a sacred idleness, the cultivation of which is now fearfully neglected.
Lierre Keith|Half a lifetime ago, I was forced at knifepoint to a grabage dump and gang-raped.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha: An Indian Tale|He lost his Self a thousand times and for days on end he dwelt in non-being. But although the paths took him away from Self, in the end they always led back to it. Although Siddhartha fled from the Self a thousand times, dwelt in nothing, dwelt in animal and stone, the return was inevitable; the hour was inevitable when he would again find himself in sunshine or in moonlight, in shadow or in rain, and was again Self and Siddhartha, again felt the torment of the onerous life cycle.
Jonathan Trooper|The tragedy of life is not death, but fearing to live, allowing parts of us to wilt and die instead of flower and rejoice.
Rabindranath Tagore|I am so thankful for God’s mercy, grace, and patience for all the times I fell into sin. I am so grateful that He never stopped chasing me no matter how far I fell.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Just like that. From a hundred miles an hour to asleep in a nanosecond. I wanted so badly to lie down next to her on the couch, to wrap my arms around her and sleep. Not f*ck, like in those movies. Not even have sex. Just sleep together, in the most innocent sense of the phrase. But I lacked the courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating. So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane.
Joseph Heller|The captain was a good chess player, and the games were always interesting. Yossarian had stopped playing chess with him because the games were so interesting they were foolish.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|Imagine saying to somebody that you have a life-threatening illness, such as cancer, and being told to pull yourself together or get over it.Imagine being terribly ill and too afraid to tell anyone lest it destroys your career.Imagine being admitted to hospital because you are too ill to function and being too ashamed to tell anyone, because it is a psychiatric hospital.Imagine telling someone that you have recently been discharged and watching them turn away, in embarrassment or disgust or fear.Comparisons are odious. Stigmatising an illness is more odious still.
Erin Farwell, Shadowlands|Pour, varlet, pour the waterThe water steaming hot!A spoonful for each man of usAnother for the pot!
Maya Angelou|Even god doesn't propose to judge a man till his last days, why should you and I?
Charles de Leusse|Love is tears of joy, this is the baptism of fingers. (L'amour, c'est larme de joie, - C'est le baptême des doigts)
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|The worlds within and without the Veil of Color are changing, and changing rapidly, but not at the same rate, not in the same way; and this must produce a peculiar wrenching of the soul, a peculiar sense of doubt and bewilderment. Such a double life, with double thoughts, double duties, and double social classes, must give rise to double words and double ideals, and tempt the mind to pretence or revolt, to hypocrisy or radicalism.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|The Eleven king looked sternly upon Thorin, when he was brought before him, and asked him many questions. But Thorin would only say that he was starving.  "Why did you and your folk three times try to attack my people at their merrymaking?" asked the king. "We did not attack them," answered Thorin, "we came to beg because we were starving." "Where are your friends now, and what are they doing?" "I don't know, but I expect that they're all starving in the forest." "What were you doing in the forest?" "Looking for food and drink, because we were starving." "And what brought you into the forest at all?" asked the king angrily.  At that Thorin shut his mouth and would not say another word.
Mircea Eliade|A non-religious man today ignores what he considers sacred but, in the structure of his consciousness, could not be without the ideas of being and the meaningful. He may consider these purely human aspects of the structure of consciousness. What we see today is that man considers himself to have nothing sacred, no god; but still his life has a meaning, because without it he could not live; he would be in chaos. He looks for being and does not immediately call it being, but meaning or goals; he behaves in his existence as if he had a kind of center. He is going somewhere, he is doing something. We do not see anything religious here; we just see man behaving as a human being. But as a historian of religion, I am not certain that there is nothing religious here…I cannot consider exclusively what that man tells me when he consciously says, ‘I don’t believe in God; I believe in history,’ and so on. For example, I do not think that Jean-Paul Sartre gives all of himself in his philosophy, because I know that Sartre sleeps and dreams and likes music and goes to the theater. And in the theater he gets into a temporal dimension in which he no longer lives his ‘moment historique.’ There he lives in quite another dimension. We live in another dimension when we listen to Bach. Another experience of time is given in drama. We spend two hours at a play, and yet the time represented in the play occupies years and years. We also dream. This is the complete man. I cannot cut this complete man off and believe someone immediately when he consciously says that he is not a religious man. I think that unconsciously, this man still behaves as the ‘homo religiosus,’ has some source of value and meaning, some images, is nourished by his unconscious, by the imaginary universe of the poems he reads, of the plays he sees; he still lives in different universes. I cannot limit his universe to that purely self-conscious, rationalistic universe which he pretends to inhabit, since that universe is not human.
Jane Velez-Mitchell|Throughout my life, I have tried to share my belief that getting and staying healthy doesn't have to feel like work. My life is not about deprivation; I don't diet or slave away in a gym. What I do is eat clean, nutritious, real food. I enjoy delicious meals with healthy fats, I eat until I am full and satisfied, and I remain thin.
Socrates, Apology|Monitor, transparently, and enforce the separation of Democracy powers: Legislative; Executive; Judicial
Stephen L. Carter, Back Channel|The old deep sadness of life lay in the bottom of her heart and she knew it was there, but she would not allow herself to sink into it. Out of the dark and sullen bottom of a lake the lotus flowers bloomed upon its surface, and she would pluck the flowers.
Charlene Li, Open Leadership: How Social Technology Can Transform the Way You Lead|But it is not your own Shire,’ said Gildor. ‘Others dwelt here before hobbits were; and others will dwell here again when hobbits are no more. The wide world is all about you: you can fence yourselves in, but you cannot for ever fence it out.
Kat Graham|Positive market incentives operating in the public interest are too few and far between, and are also up against a seemingly never-ending expansion of perverse incentives and lobbying.
Michael Denton, Nature's Destiny: How the Laws of Biology Reveal Purpose in the Universe|In the discoveries of science the harmony of the spheres is also now the harmony of life. And as the eerie illumination of science penetrates evermore deeply into the order of nature, the cosmos appears increasingly to be a vast system finely tuned to generate life and organisms of biology very similar, perhaps identical, to ourselves. All the evidence available in the biological sciences supports the core proposition of traditional natural theology - that the cosmos is a specially designed whole with life and mankind as a fundamental goal and purpose, a whole in which all facets of reality, from the size of galaxies to the thermal capacity of water, have their meaning and explanation in this central fact.Four centuries after the scientific revolution apparently destroyed irretrievably man's special place in the universe, banished Aristotle, and rendered teleological speculation obsolete, the relentless stream of discovery has turned dramatically in favor of teleology and design, and the doctrine of the microcosm is reborn. As I hope the evidence presented in this book has shown, science, which has been for centuries the great ally of atheism and skepticism, has become at last, in the final days of the second millennium, what Newton and many of its early advocates had so fervently wished - the "defender of the anthropocentric faith.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|If a man admires a woman he had something in his mind that he would like to carry further. If a woman admires a man, she had definitely made up her mind.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 21|I wish I could've lived my life without making any wrong turns. But that's impossible. A path like that doesn't exist. We fail. We trip. We get lost. We make mistakes. And little by little, one step at a time, we push forward. It's all we can do. On our own two feet.
Danielle Steel, Friends Forever|It was the cruelest of destiny’s tricks, the death of a young person.
Mahesh Poudyal, Hulaki|It is proper Netiquette to contribute free resources to the internet, share. NetworkEtiquette.net
Sriveena Dhagavkar|I had thought that successful people, wealthy people, prosperous people, don’t stretch themselves and they don’t live a life of pressure. Well I was wrong.
