Tom Hanks|If you're funny, if there's something that makes you laugh, then every day's going to be okay.
David Hume|Love was selfish, wasn't it? It made honest men want things they had no right to. It cocooned one from the rest of the world, erased time itself, knocked away reason. It made you live in defiance of the inevitable. It made you want another's mind, body; it made you feel as if you deserved to own their heart, and carve out a place in it.
Carrie Fisher, The Princess Diarist|To make him important in one’s life requires an overactive imagination. Unfortunately, mine never knows when to quit.
Debasish Mridha|You are my light! In my mind, in my heart, and in my eyes. If you're not, then how can I see you?
Peter   Atkins|Someone with a fresh mind, one not conditioned by upbringing and environment, would doubtless look at science and the powerful reductionism that it inspires as overwhelmingly the better mode of understanding the world, and would doubtless scorn religion as sentimental wishful thinking. Would not that same uncluttered mind also see the attempts to reconcile science and religion by disparaging the reduction of the complex to the simple as attempts guided by muddle-headed sentiment and intellectually dishonest emotion?...Religion closes off the central questions of existence by attempting to dissuade us from further enquiry by asserting that we cannot ever hope to comprehend. We are, religion asserts, simply too puny. Through fear of being shown to be vacuous, religion denies the awesome power of human comprehension. It seeks to thwart, by encouraging awe in things unseen, the disclosure of the emptiness of faith. Religion, in contrast to science, deploys the repugnant view that the world is too big for our understanding. Science, in contrast to religion, opens up the great questions of being to rational discussion, to discussion with the prospect of resolution and elucidation. Science, above all, respects the power of the human intellect. Science is the apotheosis of the intellect and the consummation of the Renaissance. Science respects more deeply the potential of humanity than religion ever can.
Andy Stanley, Visioneering: God's Blueprint for Developing and Maintaining Personal Vision|Our lives are marked by the people who choose to matter more: the teacher who encouraged our curiosity, the neighbor who lent a helping hand in time of need, the great leaders and perceptive thinkers whose vision and innovation improve the quality of our lives. And that's what it means to matter more. It's not about pursuit of riches or fame. It's about making a difference in people's lives. Remembered or not, lived out in a small town or on the world stage, the journey of relevance matters.
Nicole Holofcener|I don't want to be pigeonholed into doing just romantic comedies. But they're fun, and especially for women, it's nice to go to see them and enjoy that breath of fresh air.
Zoltan Kodaly|Artists don't talk about art. Artists talk about work. If I have anything to say to young writers, it's stop thinking of writing as art. Think of it as work.
Paula Lenz|And here we see again that we do not decide our own lives. Dieneke, even if we won't see each other again on earth, we will never be sorry for what we did, that we took this stand.
Francisco X. Stork, The Memory of Light|It's a sadness that has been knocking at my door for a long time, and I finally let it in.
Jessica-Lynn Barbour, Willow|Starving artist: starving for affection, starving for attention
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Your brain may give birth to any technology, but other brains will decide whether the technology thrives. The number of possible technologies is infinite, and only a few pass this test of affinity with human nature.
Paul McCartney|Where I come from, you don't really talk about how much you're earning. Those things are private. My dad never told my mum how much he was earning. I'm certainly not going to tell the world. I'm doing well.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|There once was a girl who found herself dead.She peered over the ledge of heavenand saw that back on earthher sister missed her too much,was way too sad,so she crossed some pathsthat would not have crossed,took some moments in her handshook them upand spilled them like diceover the living world.It worked.The boy with the guitar collidedwith her sister."There you go, Len," she whispered. "The rest is up to you.
Jillian Dodd, Stalk Me|As I looked into his eyes, trying to see into the depths of that darkness, it hit me. It was subtle, but it hit me. The rush of attraction.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|My soul is impatient with itself, as with a bothersome child; its restlessness keeps growing and is forever the same. Everything interests me, but nothing holds me. I attend to everything, dreaming all the while. […]. I'm two, and both keep their distance — Siamese twins that aren't attached.
M.J. Burke Sr., Funeral in a Feminine Dress: Depravity Reborn as Virtue|How I wish, how fervently I ache, to take my mother's hand, kiss her check,tell her I love her, and watch her smile. For me it was not, nor can ever be. But for you, reach out now. Reach out for your mother's hand-the hands of those you love. Say I love you.Don't wait.
Victoria Michaels, Trust in Advertising|If you been feeling or acting crazy, think about it perhaps you are.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The problem with striving for the best, is that there will be always better than the best.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|Inhaling fumes directly from burning foliage, either in a confined space such as a cave or a tent, or scooping up and breathing in the vapors from psychoactive plant materials scattered on a bowl full of hot coals, must be an extremely ancient practice. Herodotus's account from the fifth-century BCE, describing the use of small tents by the Scythians (a northwestern Iranian tribe) for inhaling the smoke of cannabis, is probably the most famous account that confirms the antiquity of the use of cannabis as a ritual intoxicant.
Mary Pierce|As a matter of self-preservation, a man needs good friends or ardent enemies, for the former instruct him and the latter take him to task.
Lester B. Pearson|Let peace, descending from her native heaven, bid her olives spring amidst the joyful nations; and plenty, in league with commerce, scatter blessings from her copious hand!
Nikki Rowe|Until I realize that it’s all I gift, I can hold all of it and yet receive none of it.
Pope John XXIII|Stay focused, go after your dreams and keep moving toward your goals.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|History is just a way of keeping score, but it doesn't have to be who we are.
Nikki Rowe|You won't forget a woman like her, easily anyway. Once you cross paths with Magic it's hard to see life the same.
Suzanne Scanlon, Promising Young Women|The mornings were the worst. Roger told me this was Classic Depressive. He said that mornings were generally the most trying part of the day for a Classic. As Roger spoke, I would think of all the people everywhere, all over the world, who managed to get out of bed every morning. One morning after another morning. All that getting out of bed. All those people. And then I imagined those same people all leaving the house—actually going somewhere—maybe even without thinking about it.The progress of days. All the lives in all those days. I remember wondering how it was done. As if I wasn’t implicated…Roger told me that this train of thought, too, was Classic. I wondered if he meant to be comforting.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you keep a distance to get a respect, keep a distance to keep the respect
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Keep the personal, personal and do not be guilty of spreading bad feelings.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|I, too, feel the need to reread the books I have already read," a third reader says, "but at every rereading I seem to be reading a new book, for the first time. Is it I who keep changing and seeing new things of which I was not previously aware? Or is reading a construction that assumes form, assembling a great number of variables, and therefore something that cannot be repeated twice according to the same pattern? Every time I seek to relive the emotion of a previous reading, I experience different and unexpected impressions, and do not find again those of before. At certain moments it seems to me that between one reading and the next there is a progression: in the sense, for example, of penetrating further into the spirit of the text, or of increasing my critical detachment. At other moments, on the contrary, I seem to retain the memory of the readings of a single book one next to another, enthusiastic or cold or hostile, scattered in time without a perspective, without a thread that ties them together. The conclusion I have reached is that reading is an operation without object; or that its true object is itself. The book is an accessory aid, or even a pretext.
Deyth Banger|Being nice is state of "Probability", not a state of "possibility".
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Service Beyond Self is Essential for Success Because It . . .•	Builds credibility, trust, and customer satisfaction.•	Strengthens your personal reputation and public image.•	Fosters goodwill and makes people feel appreciated.•	Helps you build healthy relationships with others.•	Nurtures collaboration, participation, and cooperation.•	Reaffirms a continuity of service for quality assurance, integrity, and reliability. •	Saves money—it costs less to keep existing customers than it does to create new ones. When you do it right the first time, you don’t have to fix it the next time.•	Improves communication and builds rapport.•	Fosters mutual respect and understanding•	By providing other people with what they want, you will get more of what you want!
Richard M. Weaver, Ideas Have Consequences|Arthur Schlesinger admits that JFK "succumbed to the fake omniscience of insiders". Prolonged immersion in the self-contained, self-justifying world of clandestinity and deception erodes the reality principle.
Ryan Holmes|Just so everyone knows, we're not a photo-sharing company. I don't see photos on 'Instagram' as art. They're much more about communication.
Galileo Galilei|The diversity of India, of our civilization, is actually a thing of beauty, which is something we are extremely proud of.
Priyanka Chopra|I believe destiny and hard work go hand in hand. I was studying to be an engineer when my mom and my brother sent my pictures for the Miss India contest. I didn't even know about it. If that isn't destiny, what is?
John P. Avlon|The heirs of Jefferson and Madison would be the Democratic-Republicans, the heirs of Hamilton and Adams would be the Federalists. But the heirs of Washington would be all Americans.
Alistair Horne|The laity ought to understand the faith, and since the doctrines of our faith are in the Scriptures, believers should have the Scriptures in a language familiar to the people, and to this end the Holy Ghost endued them with knowledge of all tongues.
Fiona Archer, Chloe's Double Draw|Snuggle up with a hot fireman! Meet Tanner West.Sharon looked up into the most gorgeous face she had ever seen. Eyes like dark chocolate, deep and warm, stared out at her from a face that looked like it could have been chiseled in stone. Skin the color of burnished copper, high cheekbones, a sharp nose, full lips, and a cleft chin. How the hell had she failed to notice him before? Her heart skipped a beat and she ran her gaze down the rest of his body. He was tall, well over six feet, she would guess, with broad shoulders that tapered into a trim waist. His thighs, encased in worn denim, fit like a second skin against legs the size of tree trunks, and oh my, what lay between those thighs… Her attention snapped back to his face and she could feel the heat of a blush suffuse her skin.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|Life is like music on a scale, moving up and down. When your life is over, you have written your song.
Fern Michaels, Secret Santa|Bach felt the beauty and sadness of the moment. These men who defied the power of the Russian heavy artillery, these coarse, hardened soldiers who were dispirited by their lack of ammunition and tormented by vermin and hunger had all understood at once that what they needed more than anything in the world was not bread, not bandages, not ammunition, but these tiny branches twined with useless tinsel, these orphanage toys.
Bluenscottish|The strong leader takes a chance when there is little hope,The hope that he will succeed and little chance of failure
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|America Is A GunEngland is a cup of tea. France, a wheel of ripened brie.Greece, a short, squat olive tree.America is a gun.Brazil is football on the sand.Argentina, Maradona's hand.Germany, an oompah band.America is a gun.Holland is a wooden shoe.Hungary, a goulash stew.Australia, a kangaroo.America is a gun.Japan is a thermal spring.Scotland is a highland fling.Oh, better to be anythingthan America as a gun.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|You f*#ked my v*g*na, you wanted to think that you f#*ked my mind, but unlike you, D*ck, my mind doesn't lie between my two legs. ~ Subhangi Tyagi
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|Mather smiles at me through it, some of his tension softening before he drops his head in a small bow. "My queen," he says in response.
Adam Hamilton, When Christians Get It Wrong|If you boiled down the gospel to one word, it would be love.
Jason Mandryk, Operation World: When We Pray God Works: 21st Century Edition|Always have there been great numbers of individuals who were very much eager to fight for good causes. Always there were these, but then there were even greater numbers of trendies who would then become wholly and completely misguided in the efforts.
Amos Oz, A Tale of Love and Darkness|The morning opens, a mist of innocence appears across the countryside that tells each one of us the day is new. That feeling of hope, love and the humble awareness of our duty becomes clear if even for a moment. It is that experience of inspiration that follows us into a small town woken by a cool frost on this Sunday morning and the laughter of children playing.
Alethea Black, I Knew You'd Be Lovely|I am still alone, broken and small, the butterfly fighting for life in the grass.
Flannery O'Connor|Fiction is about everything human and we are made out of dust, and if you scorn getting yourself dusty, then you shouldn't try to write fiction. It's not a grand enough job for you.
Louise Erdrich, The Painted Drum|Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and being alone won't either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You have to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up. And when it happens that you are broken, or betrayed, or left, or hurt, or death brushes too near, let yourself sit by an apple tree and listen to the apples falling all around you in heaps, wasting their sweetness. Tell yourself that you tasted as many as you could.
Richard L.  Ratliff|A protect-yourself-first-and-foremost idea has subverted the mission of law-enforcement officers, just as it may have degraded the military's.
J. Budziszewski|The unitive capacities of the spouses don't exist for nothing; they exist for motherhood and fatherhood. That is the matrix in which they develop, for children change us in a way we desperately need to be changed. They wake us up, they wet their diapers, they depend on us utterly. Willy-nilly, they knock us out of our selfish habits and force us to live sacrificially for others; they are the necessary and natural continuation of the shock to our selfishness which is initiated by matrimony itself.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|But that would leave Paxton to fend for herself, and the last thing any woman wanted in this kind of situation was to look around and see all the people who could help her doing nothing.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|Birth and death - what could be more monstrous than that? We like to deceive ourselves and call it wondrous and beautiful and majestic, but it's freakish, let's face it.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|The castle of Cair Paravel on its little hill towered up above them; before them were the sands, with rocks and little pools of salt water, and seaweed, and the smell of the sea and long miles of bluish-green waves breaking for ever and ever on the beach. And oh, the cry of the seagulls! Have you ever heard it? Can you remember?
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|...but before I can live with other folks, I've got to live with myself.The one thing that doesn't abide by mojority rule is a person's conscience.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Always be good to yourself and others. Always do what is right even if doing something wrong is quicker, more rewarding or easier. Always put truth in your every word and action, and never ignore your conscience until you die.
Charles Manson|Nothing goes so well with a hot fire and buttered crumpets as a wet day without and a good dose of comfortable horrors within. The heavier the lashing of the rain and the ghastlier the details, the better the flavour seems to be.
Dennis Lehane, Prayers for Rain|Some ghost of myself still lived back in the days when we'd shared a bed and talked of the future. But that love we'd had and those selves we'd been were gone, placed in a box like old photographs and letters you'd never read again.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Asylums are crazy places, with crazy rules. If you’re not mad when you arrive, you are when you leave. (That’s if you ever leave.) I was lucky…I got slung out; they couldn’t afford to keep me any longer.
Ed McMahon|The world is full of musicians who can play great, and you wouldn't cross the road to see them. It's people who have this indefinable attitude that are the good ones.
Douglas Horton|You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Jace perched on the windowsill and looked down at him. "You really don't get this bodyguard thing, do you?""I didn't even think you liked me all that much," said Simon. "Is this one of those keep-your-friends-close-and-your-enemies-closer things?""I thought it was keep your friends close so you have someone to drive the car when you sneak over to your enemy's house a night and throw up in his mailbox.""I'm pretty sure that's not it
Katrena Patterson|I've failed in communication...and so I've learned to have open and honest dialogue at the opportune, and appropriate time.I've failed in relationships...and so I've learned to appreciate the people in my life, and to treat them with kindness.I've failed in paying bills...and so I've learned to properly and effectively manage my time, my talent and my resources.I've failed in work or business ventures...and so I've learned to be more prudent with planning, and more efficient in execution.I've failed in dodging a ball...and so I've learned to anticipate danger and to protect myself.I don't mind acknowledging my failures, because they've played a valuable part to my successes.Live, Love, Learn, and Be Well.
Drew Barrymore|I think working with Johnny Depp was very intimidating. It was my fault though. I mean he's a total cool nice, nice guy, but I was just so, I don't know, overpowered by his presence. Like he's a very mystic person. He's older so I never really warmed up around him. I was so stiff.
Elizabeth Payson Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward|Wondrous as it is, how simple is this mystery! To love Christ and to know that I love Him--this is all!
Jon Scieszka|I'm in a difficult position in the sense that, preposterous as this might sound, I don't like being the centre of attention. I get up on stage every night and play songs, but I almost feel the songs are the centre of attention. I don't like opening my birthday presents in front of people, either.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Share them with only people who can help you with information and support. When you meet negative people, zip your mouth.
RVM|Learn to surrender, because sometimes, when there is no way, surrender is the way.
Pete Townshend|Do you realize why is it I'm so driven to operate within the Establishment? It's vengeance. 'Hope I die before I get old' is something I still have to live with, but not for the reason many people think. I have to be very, very vigilant not to become one of those people I despised.
William Kingdon Clifford|So far as the economic condition of society and the general mode of living and thinking were concerned, I might claim to have lived in the time of the American Revolution.
Timothy Zahn, Choices of One|In order that there may be institutions, there must be a kind of will, instinct, or imperative, which is anti-liberal to the point of malice: the will to tradition, to authority, to responsibility for centuries to come, to the solidarity of chains of generations, forward and backward ad infinitum.
Karen Salmansohn, Instant Happy Journal: 365 Days of Inspiration, Gratitude, and Joy|You know what's sexy? A person who's been through a life challenge, and comes out with insights, more depth, and a fiery passion to face forward, forward, forward!
Louis Auchincloss, East Side Story|Not the least of the hardships to which the dying are subject is the visitation of their loved ones. The poor darlings, God bless them, may feel every impulse to condole and console, but their primary sensation is nonetheless one of embarrassment in the presence of the unspeakable and a guilty gratitude that it is not yet their fate.
Louise Penny, A Fatal Grace|She put her hands together and Saul hoped she wasn’t about to say—‘Namaste,’ said CC, bowing. ‘He taught me that. Very spiritual.’She said ‘spiritual’ so often it had become meaningless to Saul.‘He said, CC Das, you have a great spiritual gift. You must leave this place and share it with the world. You must tell people to be calm.’As she spoke Saul mouthed the words, lip-synching to the familiar tune.‘CC Das, he said, you above all others know that when the chakras are in alignment all is white. And when all is white, all is right.’Saul wondered whether she was confusing an Indian mystic with a KKK member. Ironic, really, if she was.
Larken Rose|Property taxes' rank right up there with 'income taxes' in terms of immorality and destructiveness. Where 'income taxes' are simply slavery using different words, 'property taxes' are just a Mafia turf racket using different words. For the former, if you earn a living on the gang's turf, they extort you. For the latter, if you own property in their territory, they extort you. The fact that most people still imagine both to be legitimate and acceptable shows just how powerful authoritarian indoctrination is. Meanwhile, even a brief objective examination of the concepts should make anyone see the lunacy of it. 'Wait, so every time I produce anything or trade with anyone, I have to give a cut to the local crime lord??' 'Wait, so I have to keep paying every year, for the privilege of keeping the property I already finished paying for??' And not only do most people not make such obvious observations, but if they hear someone else pointing out such things, the well-trained Stockholm Syndrome slaves usually make arguments condoning their own victimization. Thus is the power of the mind control that comes from repeated exposure to BS political mythology and propaganda.
Guy de Maupassant, Le Horla et autres contes fantastiques|They were pleased to eat more Nazis, although nervous about too many disappearances being noticed. More troubling, however, was the flavor. Nazis were nearly indigestible. The taste of hate was hard to swallow.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|And, I think, this greening does thaw at the edges, at least, of my own cold season. Joy sneaks in: listening to music, riding my bicycle, I catch myself feeling, in a way that’s as old as I am but suddenly seems unfamiliar, light. I have felt so heavy for so long. At first I felt odd- as if I shouldn’t be feeling this lightness, that familiar little catch of pleasure in the heart which is inexplicable, though a lovely passage of notes or the splendidly turned petal of a tulip has triggered it. It’s my buoyancy, part of what keeps me alive: happy, suddenly with the concomitant experience of a sonata and the motion of the shadows of leaves. I have the desire to be filled with sunlight, to soak my skin in as much of it as I can drink up, after the long interior darkness of this past season, the indoor vigil, in this harshest and darkest of winters, outside and in.
Christina Marie Morales, Ambience|Two spacemen touching in anti-gravity is like a kiss. But then, there is nothing like a kiss. A kiss is a rare bird. The first sip of champagne. The fleeting glimpse of a shooting star. The kiss is uniquely human. We exchange bodily fluids with a kiss. A great kiss is like eating melon on a picnic. Like diving into a warm sea. A French kiss is a battle of tongues where everyone wins.
Sukant Ratnakar|If your thoughts can change your actions, then your actions can change your thoughts.
Anonymous|The synopsis looked good, the cover looked nice, you opened the book and began a new life. You found a new home,  you met some new friends, you kept on reading, hoping it ould never end. You danced through the pages, you sang out the words you felt all their joy, and all their pain and hurt. The pages cut your fingers, and the words cut your heart, like the author had a knife,  and was tearing your soul apart. You laughed with the characters, and with them, you cried, you fell in love with them, too but with them, you died, and when the book reached its end, and your broken heart couldn't heal, you suddenly realized that  its not  real.
Catherine Ryan Hyde|'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.
Riisa Renee, Breaking the Silence|My prayer for you today is that you experience the Love that God has for you in such a profound, childlike way that your perspective is completely transformed. As you encounter circumstances in your life, from the trivial to the catastrophic, may you be more acutely aware of the magnitude of His love for you than the magnitude of the troubles you face.
Mike White|I'm like the master of ceremonies being funny, and then sometimes people you're with, girlfriends and stuff, are like, 'God I wish I had the person on stage to be with all the time.'
Karen Armstrong|I always joke about letting the haters motivate you. Everybody has that in their life, people who doubt them or make them feel less than they are. It just takes faith and belief in yourself, and you've got to dig deep into that. That has to come from you - nobody's going to give you that.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater One...."|Everything that he was saying sounded incredible, but Frank knew enough about politics to know that governments got away with what they did because they counted on ordinary citizens dismissing events as being too incredible and implausible. 
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|Just like heaven. Ever’body wants a little piece of lan’. I read plenty of books out here. Nobody never gets to heaven, and nobody gets no land. It’s just in their head. They’re all the time talkin’ about it, but it’s jus’ in their head.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|We were talking the other evening about the phrases one uses when trying to comfort someone who is in distress. I told him that in English we sometimes say, 'I've been there.' This was unclear to him at first-I've been where? But I explained that deep grief sometimes is almost like a specific loacation, a coordinate on a map of time. When you are standing in that forest of sorrow, you cannot imagine that you could ever find your way to a better place. But if someone can assure you that they themselves have stood in that same place, and now have moved on, sometimes this will bring hope.'So sadness is a place?' Giovanni asked.'Sometimes people live there for years,' I said.
Christian Louboutin|Many of my friends back in New York and elsewhere have a glib or dismissive attitude toward Los Angeles. It's a place of strip malls and traffic and not much else, in their opinion.
Carson Daly|I've been diving for about 30 years, and I can honestly say that I've had some amazing encounters with sharks, squids, and other whales. But the encounter with the right whales in the Auckland Islands was probably the best thing I've ever done. It was just that amazing.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|Some pieces will sing to your present, others may echo of your past, and the rest could whisper of your future.
Patricia A. McKillip|Only yesterday a young woman came to me wanting a trap set for a man with a sweet smile and lithe arms. She was a fool, not for wanting him, but for wanting more of him than that.
Saaif Alam|Critics must use clear facts and an insightful cognitive paradigm to back up their argument if they want to negate other people's thoughts and opinions about a specific person, place,and/or situation. If they use that strategy to make an counterargument with their opponents, they can always defend their position in a regular verbal dispute or a debate.
Patti Callahan Henry, Driftwood Summer|A broken heart, too much cold beer, ocean waves and a willing man were never a good combination, no matter what the country songs said.
Brooklyn Ann, Wynter's Bite|God, you feel so good on top of me,” he whispered, rucking up her skirts to feel more of her silken skin.“No, you feel good.” Her hips arched against his erection and she licked her lips. “Is it possible for us to…” she trailed off with a blush.“Oh yes,” he whispered…
John Cusack|An actor should never be influenced by the surroundings, because you have to submit completely, and trust me, it's not a good feeling when you know that your father is going to come and watch you work every day!
Rohit Kumar Singh|For balance to be restored, lessons must be learned.
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Beginning|Look, I wanted to mention something to you," I said. Play it off as casual. Play it off as no big deal. Be cool.Her lips curled up in an amused smile. "Okay?""You know what a horrible prankster Will can be." She nodded and I continued: "I may have just done something to get back at him and I swear," I said, resting a hand on her shoulder, "I swear, Hanna, you'll think it's hilarious... eventually.""Eventually?""Absolutely. Eventually."She considered me through narrowed eyes. "This is just a prank, right? No shaved heads or scars?"I pulled back to study her. "That was a very specific question. Scars?" I shook my head, clearing it. "And no, no, no, no. Just a silly little prank." I gave Hanna my best smile, the one Chloe said made panties drop. But apparently it only made Hanna more suspicious.Her eyes narrowed further. "What would I need to do?""Nothing," I said. "You'll probably see some weird stuff but just... go along with it.""So, basically be oblivious.""Exactly," I said."And this will be funny?""Hilarious."She thought about it for a full ten seconds before reaching out to shake my hand. "You're on.
E.L. Todd, Monday|To ensure the fairytale ends well, I will stand by her side until she trusts me.
Alan James Roll, Milky Way Dreamer|Look up, greet sparks of fire with salted eyes,For he’s a burning atmospheric sigh:One blaze of liquid flame on midnight sky,Soft orbital decay, and last goodbye.
Robert Henri|The object isn't to make art, it's to be in that wonderful state which makes art inevitable.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|[W]e may now be on the threshold of a new kind of genetic takeover. DNA replicators built 'survival machines' for themselves — the bodies of living organisms including ourselves. As part of their equipment, bodies evolved onboard computers — brains. Brains evolved the capacity to communicate with other brains by means of language and cultural traditions. But the new milieu of cultural tradition opens up new possibilities for self-replicating entities. The new replicators are not DNA and they are not 158 The Blind Watchmaker clay crystals. They are patterns of information that can thrive only in brains or the artificially manufactured products of brains — books, computers, and so on. But, given that brains, books and computers exist, these new replicators, which I called memes to distinguish them from genes, can propagate themselves from brain to brain, from brain to book, from book to brain, from brain to computer, from computer to computer.
Kōji Suzuki, Ring|Think! There's nothing certain in our future! All we can hope for is a vague continuation. But in spite of that, you're going to keep on living. You can't give up on life just because it's vague. It's a question of possibilities...
Shelly Thacker, Forever His|Only two things kept her from loathing him.The expression on his face when he'd said, "France." And the expression on his face when he'd said, "home.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, A Diamond in the Rough|Anarchy has the flexibility to overcome many of the traditional problems of activism by focusing on revolution not as another cause but as a philosophy of living. This philosophy is as concrete as a brick being thrown through a window or flowers growing in the garden. By making our daily lives revolutionary, we destroy the artificial separation between activism and everyday life. Why settle for comrades and fellow activists when we can have friends and lovers?
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|Kate lost a mother," I said, "but I lost a nothing."Kate doesn't feel that way," Jack assured me.But what about everybody else besides Kate? How can I ever explain to anyone what she was when she and I had no name? People need names for everything. I wasn't a relative or a friend, I was just an object of her kind
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|Every fairy tale offers the potential to surpass present limits, so in a sense the fairy tale offers you freedoms that reality denies. In all great works of fiction, regardless of the grim reality they present, there is an affirmation of life against the transience of that life, an essential defiance. The affirmation lies in the way the author takes control of reality by retelling it in his own way, thus creating a new world. Every great work of art, I would declare pompously, is a celebration, an act of insubordination against the betrayals, horrors and infidelities of life. The perfection and beauty of form rebels against the ugliness and shabiness of the subject matter. This is why we love "Madame Bovary" and cry for Emma, why we greedily read "Lolita" as our heart breaks for its small, vulgar, poetic and defiant orphaned heroine.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|It's lovely to be going home and know it's home. I love green gables already, and I've never loved any place before. Oh, Marilla, I'm so happy.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Finale|Every time you strip my sword, I owe you a kiss. How's that sound?" I bit my lip to keep from giggling. "That sounds really dirty." Patch waggled his brows. "Look whose mind just rolled into the gutter.
Jasiah Rosariio|Want less, need less, live more.
Akiroq Brost|If you want to expand your perspective and learn something new, it will help if you can temporarily suspend your beliefs. Whenever we encounter something, our minds try to define an understanding based on what we already think we know. But sometimes, something new is so radical that to explain it in old terms would serve it a great injustice. If we are able to suspend our beliefs, and open our imagination, we might have the opportunity to travel to a whole new understanding or perspective. I believe that this is why the new and unknown can be so uncomfortable for us. We try so hard to hang on to the comfort of what we know regardless of how well that serves us. Dare to be brave. Dare to dream and imagine. Don't close yourself off from the new. Move forward with positive momentum, never stop learning and growing.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|Whether people see you as a shadow or as an invisible or stupid sort of thing, a time will come when that Image of yours will never be seen by commoners.
Merri Lisa Johnson|While you were busy trying to prove God stands behind you, God was before me lighting the trail, so he could lead us both.
Louis L'Amour|It has seemed to me that each year one should pause to take stock of himself, to ask: Where am I going? What am I becoming? What do I wish to do and become?Most people whom I encountered were without purpose, people who had given themselves no goal. The first goal need not be the final one, for a sailing ship sails first by one wind, then another. The point is that it is always going somewhere, proceeding toward a final destination.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Not|The next time you're mad at me, talk to me,' he said. 'Don't shut me out. I don't like playing games. And by the way, I had a great time, too.
Sheri L. Dew|My age has so little to do with my image of myself because at a certain point, the number just didn't fit how I felt. It has become irrelevant to me. I just don't feel like that number is representative of my spirit, of my energy or my anything!
Sherry Hunter|It was like I'd climbed Everest, had the summit in my sight, the flag in my hand, all ready to pierce it into the top of the mountain and say, "Whoopdedoo, I made it," and then an avalanche from out of nowhere swept me right back to the bottom of the mountain again. Was it worth bothering to try and climb it again? I was exhausted. I'd already climbed it. I didn't want to...but, then, what other choice was there?
Veronica Roth, Divergent|If Mark really had managed to acquire some information about the Mogodorians, and if doing so had gotten him into some kind of trouble, then we needed to help him
Clifford Grobstein|The typical imperative from biology is not "Thou shalt... ," but "If ... then ... else.
Charise Mericle Harper, Flashcards of My Life|Even though friends say they are interested in your life, they never really want to talk about you as much as you want them to. (68)
Amanda Leigh, Scarred|I read the first few," said Jackaby. "I've instructed my duck to just file the rest directly under P. I left it to him to decide if that was for politics or paranoia.
Ann Brasco|Often, our relationships become an unrealized quest for what is perfect, unfettered, and free of flaws. We expect our partners, spouses, and our friends to avoid missteps and to be magical mind readers. These secret expectations play a sinister part in many of the great tragedies of our lives: failed marriages, dissipated dreams, abandoned careers, outcast family, deserted children, and discarded friendships.We readily forget what we once knew as children: our flaws are not only natural but integral to our beings. They are interwoven into our soul’s DNA and yet we continually reject the crooked, wrinkled, mushy parts of our life rather than embrace them as the very essence of our beings.I once believed that aiming for perfection would land me in the realm of excellence. This, however, may not be the trajectory of how things happen. In fact, the pursuit of perfection may be the biggest obstacle to becoming whole.It seems essential to value hard work and determination and yet recognize that the road to excellence is littered with mistakes and subsequent lessons. Imperfection and excellence are intertwined. There is joy in our pain, strength in weakness, courage in compassion, and power in forgiveness.
Reed Hastings|In Hollywood, they think drawn animation doesn't work anymore, computers are the way. They forget that the reason computers are the way is that Pixar makes good movies. So everybody tries to copy Pixar. They're relying too much on the technology and not enough on the artists.
Tan Redding, A Banquet Of Crumbs|She wasn’t sure if she even needed him anymore and the thought made her sad. In consolation, she offered him a kind smile and reached for his dependable hand.
David Gaider, The Stolen Throne|In existence; you are matter, form or body, Living from moment to moment in self-consciousness. When you become formless in pure consciousness; You dissolve into that absolute presence.
Astrid Lee Miles, Recovering is an Art|We learn to restrain ourselves as we get older. We keep apart when we have quarrelled, express ourselves in well-bred phrases, and in this way preserve a dignified alienation, showing much firmness on one side, and swallowing much grief on the other. We no longer approximate in our behaviour to the mere impulsiveness of the lower animals, but conduct ourselves in every respect like members of a highly civilised society.
Mark Twain|If we could establish a deep abiding relationship with nature, we would never kill an animal for our appetite; we would never harm, vivisect, a monkey, a dog, a guinea pig for our benefit. We would find other ways to heal our wounds, heal our bodies.
Susan Quinn, The Furious Improvisation: How the WPA and a Cast of Thousands Made High Art out of Desperate Times|Roosevelt spoke eloquently, in his penetrating tenor, of those 'who at this very moment are denied the greater part of what the very lowest standards of today call the necessities of life . . . I see one-third of a nation ill-housed, ill-clad, ill-nourished,' he told the audience, '. . . The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.
Shujoy Chowdhury|Finding the FatherMy friend, this body offers to carry us for nothing– as the ocean carries logs. So on some days the body wails with its great energy; it smashes up the boulders, lifting small crabs, that flow around the sides.Someone knocks on the door. We do not have time to dress. He wants us to go with him through the blowing and rainy streets, to the dark house.We will go there, the body says, and there find the father whom we have never met, who wandered out in a snowstorm the night we were born, and who then lost his memory, and has lived since longing for his child, whom he saw only once… while he worked as a shoemaker, as a cattle herder in Australia, as a restaurant cook who painted at night.When you light the lamp you will see him. He sits there behind the door… the eyebrows so heavy, the forehead so light… lonely in his whole body, waiting for you.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|Stories do not change, only the lives they live in do.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|There are people in this world, whose lives are nothing but a burden to them. A black veil stands between them and the world. They are utterly alone. They are like shadows in the night, shut off from joy and all gentle human emotions, unable to even give comfort to each other. Their days are full of nothing but darkness, misery and solitude.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Sometimes I think it is a great mistake to have matter that can think and feel. It complains so. By the same token, though, I suppose that boulders and mountains and moons could be accused of being a little too phlegmatic.
Abhijit Naskar|Psychics, astrology, tarot cards - all these mystical non-sense are signs of a weak mind. Whenever such garbage starts grabbing hold of you, seek the help of a physician or therapist.
A.W. Tozer, And He Dwelt Among Us: Teachings from the Gospel of John|I have my own matches and sulphur, and I'll make my own hell.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|He could have killed me for the blunder— which really wasn’t my fault— but I was lucky , and he gave me another chance. The two officers who questioned him were also incredibly lucky for not having had any idea who it was they’d been questioning.
Nell Zink, Mislaid|The easy joy and the joyful ease of sex with men, their easy-access genitalia, their uncomplicated inner lives…
Idries Shah|To say "yes" to the Sufi way is to say "no" to imagined escapes.
Robin Roberts|I’m grateful I had the strength to fight. It takes courage to believe the best is yet to come, especially when you are flat on your back and don’t know if you’re going to see tomorrow. I’m no Pollyanna, but I believe optimism is a choice — a muscle that gets stronger with use. Right foot, left foot…just keep moving.
Robin Williams|The Smile won Matthew extra time before bed, extra Christmas pudding, extra anything he wanted. Adults were helpless to resist The Smile.Matthew gave his all to this particular smile. Butter melted. Birds sang. People slipped about dazed amid the butter and birdsong.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Some birthdays make you happy.Some birthdays bring you down.Some birthdays make you jump for joyWhile others paint a frown.Regardless of your feelingsOr if you’re far or near,The earth was blessed this special dayWhen Heaven placed you here.
Wendy O. Williams|There's talent on the streets, kids with ideas who have stories to tell and never get a chance.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|For a moment, his pupils flickered blue, like there were tiny bathypelagic fish swimming in the deep trenches of his eyeballs.
Kirk Cameron|Trump has the courage to stand up to Wall Street, to the K Street lobbyists, and say our trade deals have not been best for the ordinary, average citizen American.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Earth|A planet might deteriorate even if human beings existed upon it, if the society were itself abnormal and did not understand the importance of preserving the environment.""Surely," said Pelorat, "such a society would quickly be destroyed. I don't think it would be possible for human beings to fail to understand the importance of retaining the very factors that are keeping them alive."Bliss said, "I don't have your pleasant faith in human reason, Pel. It seems to me to be quite conceivable that when a planetary society consists of Isolates, local and even individual concerns might easily by allowed to overcome planetary concerns.
Clive Thompson|The career of politics grants a feeling of power. The knowledge of influencing men, of participating in power over them, and above all, the feeling of holding in one's hands a nerve fiber of historically important events can elevate the professional politician above everyday routine even when he is placed in formally modest positions.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Heavy burden is laid on our hearts, so we do not trust in ourselves. But in God , who gives grace for endurance.
Douglas Conant|Food, in the end, in our own tradition, is something holy. It's not about nutrients and calories. It's about sharing. It's about honesty. It's about identity.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|We don't need to pray to prove that we're properly pious or really serious. Instead, we pray because we are completely assured, and because the Father hears our prayers because they come to Him through the lips of His dear Son.
Garrison Keillor|A young writer is easily tempted by the allusive and ethereal and ironic and reflective, but the declarative is at the bottom of most good writing.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|My vision of what God can do is nothing more than a fleeting glance of the backside of the ‘possible,’ while God is inviting me to the forefront of the ‘impossible.
David Cameron|I know that I pay 48 percent of my income to taxes. You know, I wouldn't mind so much if it wasn't going just to export war. If it was actually going to help the people of the United States, I would gladly pay more.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|She felt utterly crushed and betrayed. Science had betrayed her. She had always believed deep down that science would not judge her, even if people did. Her father's books had opened to her touch easily enough. His journals had not flinched from her all too female gaze. But it seemed that science had weighed her, labelled her and found her wanting. Science had decreed that she could not be clever… and that if by some miracle she was clever, it meant that there was something terribly wrong with her.
Vanamali, Hanuman: The Devotion and Power of the Monkey God|As Sri Krishna says, And when he sees me in all and sees all in me, then I never leave him and he never leaves me. And he, who in this oneness of love loves me in whatever he sees, wherever this man may live, in truth, he lives in me...
Debasish Mridha|To be infinite, lose yourself in infinite love.
Allie Burke, Emerald Destiny|Christian submitted to the roll of his eyes, the churn of his stomach, the break in his knees. He willingly fell out of consciousness, surrendering his heart to the blackness. She was gone. He was gone. Life on earth didn't matter anymore.
Rosa Brooks, How Everything Became War and the Military Became Everything: Tales from the Pentagon|It has often been our best instincts, not our worst, that have led us to do harm in the world
Mark Skousen|Learn computer science. It's extraordinarily helpful. I like recommending learning economics as well so they think in terms of business, they have rational frameworks for looking at the world, but yeah, computer science is an amazing way to get into, even if you want to be CEO, having a tech background is helpful.
Clive Cussler|I breakfast when I get up, lunch when I get the chance. If I never get it, I forget it. Sometimes I dine at seven, sometimes at midnight, sometimes not at all; and I never get to bed until four or five in the morning. Everything depends on the news; the hours make no difference to me.
Moagi Keretetse, Manual For Fulfilling Your Purpose: Lessons from the book of Nehemiah|Starting requires motivation, finishing demands perseverance.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|The white people are crazy. They all want to be rich, same as we do, but they do not admit to themselves that you only get rich by taking things from other people. They think that if you do not see the people you are stealing from, or if you do not know them, or if they do not look like you, it is not really stealing.
Bonnie MacBird, Art in the Blood|It is well known that in exchange for visionary powers, artists often suffer with extreme sensitivity and violent changeability of temperament. A philosophical crisis, or simply boredom of inactivity, could send [Holmes] spinning into a paralysed gloom from which [I] could not retrieve him.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 2nd Movement|Entitlement is simply the belief that you deserve something. Which is great. The hard part is, you'd better make sure you deserve it. So, how did I make sure that I deserved it?To answer that, I would like to quote from the Twitter bio of one of my favorite people, Kevin Hart. It reads:My name is Kevin Hart and I WORK HARD!!! That pretty much sums me up!!! Everybody Wants To Be Famous But Nobody Wants To Do The Work!
J. Maarten Troost, Getting Stoned with Savages: A Trip Through the Islands of Fiji and Vanuatu|Paradise was always over there, a day’s sail away. But it’s a funny thing, escapism. You can go far and wide and you can keep moving on and on through places and years, but you never escape your own life. I, finally, knew where my life belonged. Home.
Glenn Beck|Progress is not about hating or destroying America, it is about loving and building the world, which can only come from healing our national dementia.
Akshay Vasu|She was his only escape, And she was his only prison.
John le Carré|It is only when he speaks German, as now, that he allows himself to lament the enslavement of the world's downtrodden classes. "We cannot live in a bubble, Mr. Mundy. Comfortable ignorance is not a solution. In German student societies that I was not permitted to join, they made a toast: 'Better to be a salamander, and live in the fire.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|The only principle of Success in Life :"You must be present to win.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|Enjoy things for what they are, when they are, in the moment.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Profound hearts, wise minds, take life as God makes it; it is a long trial, and unintelligible preparation for the unknown destiny.
Elizabeth Jane Howard, Mr Wrong|Outside of note passing and the occasional tight-lipped kiss after school events, "going together" in seventh grade was pretty meaningless. You couldn't drive, had nowhere to go, and either weren't allowed or couldn't afford to do anything. I was kind of like being an old married couple, except you could control you bowels and stay awake past 8 p.m.
Amitav Chowdhury|You’ve got to stop thinking of consciousness as your own. You’re only thinking for yourself when you are by yourself. As soon as you are in the presence of others, your consciousness is linked at some level to those others.
Jackie Collins|You have to be vigorous. That's the only way you are going to get it because everybody has dreams and everybody has goals, but the only people who achieve them are the ones that go after it and don't take no for an answer.
Pablo Picasso|When I was young  I said to God  "God  tell me the mystery of the universe." But God answered  "That knowledge is reserved for me alone." So I said  "God  tell me the mystery of the peanut." Then God said  "Well George  that's more nearly your size." And he told me.
Simon Sinek, Leaders Eat Last|A meaningful apology is one that communicates three R's: regret, responsibility, and remedy.
Jessica Shook, Shrapnel|Everything about Jocelyn had been ordinary. A Norman Rockwell painting of mom, dad, one boy, one girl. Scott was her wild storm, her great American novel, her epic story. Every extraordinary moment she experienced was because of him.
Akosua Dardaine Edwards, What Did I Learn Today? Lessons on the Journey to Unconditional Self-Love|It's a privilege to love someone, to truly love them; and while it's paradisaical if she or he loves you back, it's unfair to demand or expect reciprocity. We should consider ourselves luck, honored, blessed that we possess the capacity to feel tenderness of such magnitude and be grateful even when that love is not returned. Love is the only game in which we win even when we lose.
Francine Rivers, An Echo in the Darkness|For with each bite he tasted not just the irresistible sweetness of the dessert, but the deliciously agonizing negative flavor of all the imagined foodstuffs that he could have bought with that nickel instead—a turkey leg the size of his forearm, or a milkshake with a pair of deep red strawberries floating on its surface. The single relinquished nickel sat in the custard seller's till, its gold transmuted back to lead.
Deborah Bull|I work out really hard, and I stay on my diet all week.
Bunny Naidu|Unless and until we rest in God, we will never risk for God.
Kamand Kojouri|I write because the security of your love allows me to develop my craft without concerning myself with trivialities — as if your love could be any more complete. But I write, in the first place,because of you, my muse. I write for your green eyes to glance at my humble words and for the pleasure of hearing you utter them.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If we don't fear God, it's because we don't know God.
Aaron Dennis|Just because everyone agrees that something is true doesn't make it so; everyone was in accord for thousands of years, saying the world was flat, the sun revolved around the earth, but everyone was wrong.
Kendall Ryan, Hitched: Volume One|I give him a skeptical look. “You want to show me your dick?”“If it’ll help convince you.” He drains the last drops of his Scotch and stands up. “Come on, let’s go.
Karina Halle, Shooting Scars|This bullet can go straight through the couch."He was right. Fuck Ikea for making such flimsy furniture.
Caroline Leech, Wait for Me|And if he was kind and friendly and funny, and if he told you about places so beautiful that you wanted to go with him to see them, and if he listened to you talk like he actually cared about what you were saying? And if he tried to protect you when other people tried to tell you what to do, as if they owned you? And if he has the handsomest face you've ever seen, no matter if the skin has been damaged, because he's just lovely even so?
Cameron Jace, Pentimento|Love is nothing but a Pentimento", she mumbled, not sure if he could hear her. "It looks like something from the outside, whie it's something totally different from the inside. And one can only understand this after some time, when the lie on the outside peels off.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|It is utterly unfair,” she said, shooing Wrigley away andtossing aside her blanket, “that your country boy smile isn’tillegal.” She pulled her feet from beneath him, but then she swung a leg over him and straddled his lap, still smiling at him while she took his cheeks in her hands and pressed a soft, open-lipped kiss to his mouth.Will’s pulse kicked up the tempo. He gripped her hips andpushed against her, parted his lips to make way for her tongue.Music exploded inside him. Electric guitars, keyboard, fiddle,bongos. No words, just the white-hot melody of their bodies.The intoxicating scent of her shampoo tickled his nose, but the intrigued woman scent was stronger—heady and spicy and everything.He wanted her.
Dominic Riccitello|And I went into the new year loving myself a little less, but a little more where it actually mattered.
Sherman Alexie, The Business of Fancydancing|Everyone I have lost in the closing of a doorthe click of the lockis not forgotten, theydo not die but remainwithin the soft edgesof the earth, the ashof house fires and cancerin sin and forgivenesshuddled under old blanketsdreaming their way intomy hands, my heartclosing tight like fists.- "Indian Boy Love Song #1
H.A. Corby|Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to carry on that counts.Winston Churchill
Tara Mohr, Playing Big: Find Your Voice, Your Mission, Your Message|Feedback doesn’t tell you about yourself. It tells you about the person giving the feedback. In other words, if someone says your work is gorgeous, that just tells you about *their* taste. If you put out a new product and it doesn’t sell at all, that tells you something about what your audience does and doesn’t want. When we look at praise and criticism as information about the people giving it, we tend to get really curious about the feedback, rather than dejected or defensive.
Paul  Burrell, A Royal Duty|That your eyes are like bits of sky seen through the leaves. And that, like the rain washes the mud from the leaves, you... how did he say it? Oh yes. That you wash the darkness from the world.
Abraham Verghese|Love has no why, no how, no who. It just is.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|It was as if I had been following a narrow trail, and had suddenly realized that at any time I could leave it and strike out cross-country.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|The breakdown of mummies and daddies was an important part of lesbian relationships in the Bagatelle...For some of us, however, role-playing reflected all the depreciating attitudes toward women which we loathed in straight society. It was the rejection of these roles that had drawn us to 'the life' in the first place. Instinctively, without particular theory or political position or dialectic, we recognized oppression as oppression, no matter where it came from.But those lesbians who had carved some niche in the pretend world of dominance/subordination rejected what they called our 'confused' lifestyle, and they were in the majority.
Ross Cheit, The Witch-Hunt Narrative: Politics, Psychology, and the Sexual Abuse of Children|The book argues that even though many cases have been held up as classic examples of modern American “witch hunts,” none of them fits that description. McMartin certainly comes close. But a careful examination of the evidence presented at trial demonstrates why, in my view, a reasonable juror could vote for conviction, as many did in this case. Other cases that have been painted as witch-hunts turn out to involve significant, even overwhelming, evidence of guilt. There are a few cases to the contrary, but even those are more complicated than the witch-hunt narrative allows. In short, there was not, by any reasonable measure, an epidemic of “witch hunts” in the 1980s. There were big mistakes made in how some cases were handled, particularly in the earliest years. But even in those years there were cases such as those of Frank Fuster and Kelly Michaels that, I believe, were based on substantial evidence but later unfairly maligned as having no evidentiary support.
Jo Walton, The Philosopher Kings|Imagine yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself with dedication to excellence, from daily self-improvement and practice. Enjoy the process.
Judith Clancy, Kyoto Machiya Restaurant Guide: Affordable Dining in Traditional Townhouse Spaces|We have had for breakfast, toasts, cakes, a yorkshire pie, a piece of beef about the size and much the shape of my portmanteau, tea, coffee, ham and eggs...
Warren Buffett|It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you, your goals will shrink in the eyes of others. Envy, jealousy, and resentment will put out your flame before it grows. Never reveal what you are doing until you have accomplished it. Resentment does not only come from those close to you, but also distant strangers. Therefore, fiercely guard the passions burning inside your heart, so that their flames can safely reach the highest ceilings of success without the eyes of envy.
Steven Lloyd Wilson|The endless piles of genre fiction are the key to happiness. They’re the key to picking out the things that actually make you happy in this world instead of the things that you’re told are good for you. Ninety percent of everything you read is going to be crap one way or the other, so make sure it’s the crap that makes you smile, and don’t apologize for it.pajiba.com guest post
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|I'll show up at every classroom open house and teacher conference,' she said, now in a voice that was almost frightening in its intensity. 'I'll bake brownies. My child will have new clothes. Her shoes will fit. She'll get her shots, and she'll get her braces. We'll start a college fund next week. I'll tell her I love her every damn day.'If that wasn't a great plan for being a good mother, I couldn't imagine what a better one could be.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Breathing is medicine. I forgot how to breathe, but I’m learning all over again.
Stephenie Meyer, The Host|We tend to take summer's vitality for granted, when in actuality it is just one prolonged drought, or disease, away from decimation.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|Mary-born Lord, humble us so that we also might say, "Let it be with me according to your word.
Michael Oakeshott, Rationalism in Politics and Other Essays|This, I believe, is the appropriate image of human intercourse -- appropriate because it recognizes the qualities, the diversities, and the proper relationships of human utterances. As civilized human beings, we are the inheritors, neither of an inquiry about ourselves and the world, nor of an accumulating body of information, but of a conversation, begun in the primeval forests and extended and made more articulate in the course of centuries. It is a conversation which goes on both in public and within each of ourselves.
Karen Marshall, Amongst Ourselves: A Self-Help Guide to Living with Dissociative Identity Disorder|Today I feel no wish to demonstrate that sanity is impossible. On the contrary, though I remain no less sadly certain than in the past that sanity is a rather rare phenomenon, I am convinced that it can be achieved and would like to see more of it.
Regis Philbin|I have had wrinkles on my forehead and my smile line since I was a kid. I see them in my own kids. I know what they're going to look like. So it's kind of like that's my personality. I feel the older you get, too, the more confident you become just in your own skin.
Adam Christopher|The phonograph and kinetoscope may some day seize and perpetuate all save the magnetic touch, but that weird, illusive, indefinable yet wonderfully real power by which the orator subdues may never be caught by science or preserved for the cruel dissecting knife of the critic.
Laura Marling|Most things look better from a distance...And as a matter of fact, so do most people. - The Spook, pg 435
Diane Chamberlain, The Silent Sister|Growing up in a household where something is terribly wrong, you feel the weight of that mysterious something even though it's unspoken. It eats at you. Confuses you. It leaves you wondering if your view of the world will ever make sense.
Sue Fitzmaurice|How can I possibly find the right one, if the one that I have right now couldn't let me go?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Integrity involves the ability to stand straight when you tell your truth, and still stand straight when the other person comes to talk!
Emily R. King, The Hundredth Queen|Why croak with dishonesty when your target subject discovers, listens, and witnesses beyond the veil of your duplicity?Your proliferation of misinformation, disinformation, gossips, polemics, planted intrigues, lies, calumny, misjudgement, and all other forms of smear campaign, may deceive gullible hearts but you cannot destroy the unparalleled truth which is in the hands of your target victim. ~ Angelica Hopes, K.H. Trilogy
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|The heart is greater than the universe, for it can find pity in it for everything in the universe, and the universe itself can feel no pity. The heart is greater than a King, because a heart can know a King for what he is, and still love him. And once you give your heart, you cannot take it back.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Not taking the Bible (or other texts based on 'revealed truths') literally leaves it up to the reader to cherry-pick elements for belief. There exists no guide for such cherry-picking, and zero religious sanction for it.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|He shook his head, but I kept flattering him, telling him how fine his beard was, how fair his skin was (ha!), how it was obvious from his nose and forehead that he wasn't some pig herd who had converted, but a true-blue Muslim who had flown here on a magic carpet all the way from Mecca, and he grunted with satisfaction
Nia Vardalos|On the publicity tour of 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding,' I was asked over and over again, if, as the writer, I felt it was a fair depiction of real life to have someone of my er, below average looks, hook up with hottie John Corbett.
Connie Willis, To Say Nothing of the Dog|I hate cats."Death's face became a little stiffer, if that were possible. The blue glow in his eye sockets flickered red for an instant."I SEE," he said. The tone suggested that death was too good for cat haters.
Danielle Monsch, The Rooftop: A Story of Fallon and Reign|Before her lay the enemy. The only end guaranteed if she forgot that fact? Death - or worse. "Strangely enough, approval from those who don't even bother to introduce themselves before commenting on my shortcomings...tends not to make much of an impression on me.
Bill Watterson, There's Treasure Everywhere: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|Answers? Ha, he would say that. More like riddles, mazes, labyrinths. If there's some power trying to show me the way, it should give better directions.
Kamand Kojouri|The hardest thing in the world is to let go of who you once thought you were and to manifest your true self, at the risk of being unloved. This is self-actualization.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|You know what Munny said to me, right before we left? She said, ‘Watching someone die is hard work. Go to Australia and watch Faye fall in love with some dude named Rabbit. That should be fun.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|...Isn't it splendid to think of all the things there are to find out about? It just makes me feel glad to be alive--it's such an interesting world. It wouldn't be half so interesting if we knew all about everything, would it? There'd be no scope for imagination then, would there?
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|To be poor and be without trees, is to be the most starved human being in the world. To be poor and have trees, is to be completely rich in ways that money can never buy.
Heather Vogel Frederick, The Education of Patience Goodspeed|Your body and spirit, subconscious and conscious—every portion of you recognizes home.  That is why on the moment of arrival, your entire being relaxes into a contented puddle of joy.
Erica Jong|Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Saji Ijiyemi|The oak tree is inside the acorn seed, but the acorn seed will never become the oak tree unless it is willing to grow and develop
Eeva Lancaster, You're Getting Married Soon... Now What?|True Love… it’s the most wonderful human emotion and one of the most elusive. We search for it, trying to find that one person in the whole world worthy enough to spend our lives with. When you look at the trail of broken hearts, the rivers of tears and the broken dreams, it’s quite obvious that it’s not an easy dream to achieve. Don’t we rightly call it the Quest for Love? That’s why when we think we’ve found the right person, we are giddy with happiness and relief. Finally! The answer to our prayers has come after such a long wait. We are safe. We are loved.A lot of women view marriage this way and I blame that on all the Walt Disney cartoons we watched as little girls. There’s this beautiful helpless princess locked away in a castle and here comes this handsome prince to save her from her miserable life. Classic. Then, after the grand wedding ball, the movie ends with:“And They Lived Happily Ever After.”That’s it? What happened afterwards? Nothing’s mentioned about that. We are made to think that it all ends there, that the couple’s happiness is secured and a given. They love each other, right? They went through all that trouble just to be together. So they’ll be happy. End of story.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When searching for help, look for the one that will push, not the one that will pull! Your machinery needs a pusher; just avoid every puller and you’ll keep going forward!
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Lately, I've been leaning towards kindness.- Camille Preaker
Keith Ferrazzi, Never Eat Alone: And Other Secrets to Success, One Relationship at a Time|There is only one way to get anybody to do anything do you know what it is? This is far from a trivial question. Business is, after all, the ability to motivate a group of individuals to move an idea from concept to reality; to take a theory and make it a practice; to gain the buy-in of your employees and colleagues; to encourage others to execute your plans
Susan Egan|It's not the teaching, it's the learning.
Akinwale Musa Oluseun|My wife is a lovely leathery green, the blue-tongued lizard said;Her eyes are as red as bulldog ants, lurking in holes in her head;Her body is made of the speckled grass, a violet grows on her tongue,And I could watch her for fifty years if nobody blundered along.
Michael Benzehabe|The dean put a finger to his chin as he studied this great and troubling mystery. The applicant’s response reeked of insincerity, like, “Have a nice day!” with all the friendly burned off. “Okay, Mr. Darlington. I’ll just be a minute.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|With regard to things such as independence, mental capabilities, and sexuality, a very old man is nothing but a gigantic infant with white hair and wrinkles.
Namrata Kumari|It needs strength to stay silent, but it needs courage to confide in somebody.
Jon Kabat-Zinn|The journey towards success is more like a traveller lost in a desert, desperate to find an oasis, desperate to quench his thirst. But it is not about how grave the thirst is but about how long he chooses to walk thirsty.
Quentin Bryce|Paul McCartney had a baby when he was 61; Rod Stewart was 66; Rupert Murdoch was a stunning 72. Not only does that mean they'll have less stamina than the average dad, that means they'll, well, check out a lot sooner too.
Vikram Seth|How rarely these few years, as work keeps up aloof,Or fares, or one thing or another,How we had days to spend under our parents' roof;Myself, my sister, and my brother.All five of us will die; to reckon from the pastThis flesh and blood is unforgiving.What's hard is that just one of us will be the lastTo bear it all and go on living.
Zora Neale Hurston|There are real consequences when women speak out. It's really dangerous, and it takes real courage. We are still speaking out against a white male majority. Forget the glass ceiling. We haven't even broken the glass floor!
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|My dear girl, is it that you are so lonely that you had to create this?
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Tell me when it's over " Thalia said. Her eyes were shut tight. The statue was holding on to us so we couldn't fall but still Thalia clutched his arm like it was the most important thing in the world. "Everything's fine " I promised. "Are... are we very high " I looked down. Below us a range of snowy mountains zipped by. I stretched out my foot and kicked snow off one of the peaks. "Nah " I said. "Not that high.
Lloyd Alexander, The Book of Three|No, no," said Taran slowly, "It would be folly to think of attacking them." He smiled quickly at Fflewddur. "The bards would sing of us," he admitted, "but we'd be in no position to appreciate it.
Elinor Florence|A new novel awaits my arrival, prepares for my careful inspection. Yet a novel is always a long dream that lives in me for years before I know where to go to hunt it out.
Charles de Leusse|I want to be near the ocean, Lincoln, the ocean! I want to feel the tides. And i want mountains, too, at least one mountain. Is that too much to ask? And trees. Not a whole forest, necessarily. I'd settle for a thicket. Scenery. I want scenery!
Oli Hille, Creating the Perfect Lifestyle|You only get one body; it is the temple of your soul. Even God is willing to dwell there. If you truly treat your body like a temple, it will serve you well for decades. If you abuse it you must be prepared for poor health and a lack of energy.
Martin Heidegger|The ‘I’ is a bare consciousness, accompanying all concepts. In the ‘I’, ‘nothing more is represented than a transcendental subject of thoughts’. ‘Consciousness in itself (is) not so much a representation…as it is a form of representation in general.’ The ‘I think’ is ‘the form of apperception, which clings to every experience and precedes it.’Kant grasps the phenomenal content of the ‘I’ correctly in the expression ‘I think’, or—if one also pays heed to including the ‘practical person’ when one speaks of ‘intelligence’—in the expression ‘I take action’. In Kant’s sense we must take saying “I” as saying “I think.” Kant tries to establish the phenomenal content of the “I” as *res cogitans*. If in doing so he calls this “I” a ‘logical subject’, that does not mean that the “I” in general is a concept obtained merely by way of logic. The “I” is rather the subject of logical behavior, of binding together. ‘I think’ means ‘I bind together’. All binding together is an ‘*I* bind together’. In any taking-together or relating, the “I” always underlies—the ὑποκείμενον [hypokeimenon; subjectum; subject]. The *subjectum* is therefore ‘consciousness in itself’, not a representation but rather the ‘form’ of representation. That is to say, the “I think” is not something represented, but the formal structure of representing as such, and this formal structure alone makes it possible for anything to have been represented. When we speak of the “form” of representation, we have in view neither a framework nor a universal concept, but that which, as εἶδος [eidos], makes every representing and everything represented be what it is. If the “I” is understood as the form of representation, this amounts to saying that it is the ‘logical subject’.Kant’s analysis has two positive aspects. For one thing, he sees the impossibility of ontically reducing the “I” to a substance; for another thing, he holds fast to the “I” as ‘I think’. Nevertheless, he takes this “I” as subject again, and he does so in a sense which is ontologically inappropriate. For the ontological concept of the subject *characterizes not the Selfhood of the “I” qua Self, but the self-sameness and steadiness of something that is always present-at-hand*. To define the “I” ontologically as “*subject*” means to regard it as something always present-at-hand. The Being of the “I” is understood as the Reality of the *res cogitans*."―from_Being and Time_. Translated by John Macquarrie & Edward Robinson, pp. 366-367
Tim Lilburn, Moosewood Sandhills|Dry snow coming down in the hills. Magpies hair-triggered and thuggish in worn trees. A wall has started to fall in you, it will take years to land.
Mary Mihalic, Made to Make It|… but I believe the divine ones will send other great masters to preach the truth to mankind, and that mankind will always receive them with the cross and the fire and the stones
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|My dad used to say that life's a journey, but somebody screwed up and lost the map.
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell|But, then, the truest perceptions of life, for me at least, have always proved to be the most elusive and the most shortlived
David Barik|Life is too minuscule to waste any proportion of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the introductory place, if they had desirable things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself. That is why the forlorn people on this planet, are those who circumspect the most about what other people think.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is there when you have great imagination and vision, when you take relentless action and love your creation.
Nicky Charles, The Mating|Elise hid her face in his shoulder, embarassed, "Kane! What will they think?" She whispered against his neck."That we're newly bonded and I can't keep my hands off of my lovely mate." And sure enough, the good natured calls that accompanied them across the yard left her in no doubt that the others were thinking exactly that.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|There is nothing like fear to complicate one's consciousness, inducing previously unknown levels of reflection
Adam D'Angelo|Negative thinking patterns can be immensely deceptive and persuasive, and change is rarely easy. But with patience and persistence, I believe that nearly all individuals suffering from depression can improve and experience a sense of joy and self-esteem once again.
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad|One must travel, to learn. Every day, now, old Scriptural phrases that never possessed any significance for me before, take to themselves a meaning.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Ignorance might be bliss, but it also has teeth.
Martin Heidegger|free fall to your quite smile to capture you and you propel me to death, all that we write destroys then heals
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|I've learned that it doesn't matter how your husband squeezes the toothpaste, the important thing is how he squeezes you.
Marianne Wiggins|I was a little troublemaker. Always trying to get in trouble, always mischief, like throwing rocks at cars when I was younger, all that kind of stuff.
Sandy Hyatt-James|The moment you stop chasing happiness, you become happy.
S.M. Parker, The Girl Who Fell|Words have power, and sometimes, they stay withyou for life. It’s up to you to allow those words to define who you become.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|A winner has more skills than a loser," Vor said, "no matter how you define the competition.
Jack Canfield|Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Whitney K.E., What Happens in Ireland|For the briefest of moments his eyes sparkled before dimming again. “However much I would love to get into a discussion about chastity belts, now is not the time. The people we were fighting were not human in the strictest sense of the word.
Nell Stevens, Bleaker House: Chasing My Novel to the End of the World|Hi Guys , i have a job for my website ayamjuve.com , can u join with me , and get more backlink .. poker
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love me or hate me, both are in my favour. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart... If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
Joel Osteen|Marriage brings one into fatal connection with custom and tradition, and traditions and customs are like the wind and weather, altogether incalculable.
Ali Smith, There but for the|It is important to know the stories and histories of things, even if all we know is that we don't know.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|You know," Cecily said, "you really didn't have to throw that man through the window.""He wasn't a man," Gabriel said, scowling. "He was an Unseelie Court faerie. One of the nasty ones.""Is that why you chased him down the street?""He had no business showing images like that to a lady," Gabriel muttered, though it had to be admitted that the lady in question had hardly turned a hair, and seemed more annoyed with Gabriel for his reaction than impressed by his chivalry."And I do think it was excessive to hurl him into the canal.""He'll float."The corners of Cecily's mouth twitched. "It was very wrong.
Alphonsus Liguori|These are all voluntary resources which help parents sort out the choices without infringing on the artists' rights to free speech, which is something that we respect.
Bob Kahn|I've tried word processors, but I think I'm too old a dog to use one.
George Clooney|Americans admire a people who can scratch a desert and produce a garden. The Israelis have shown qualities that Americans identify with: guts, patriotism, idealism, a passion for freedom. I have seen it. I know. I believe that.
Bob Dylan|When you've got nothing, you've got nothing to loose.
Alisa Harris, Raised Right: How I Untangled My Faith from Politics|These questions are difficult. The answers are not obvious, and so there should be some pausing, some angst, some honest uncertainty as people struggle to decide the best course of action. But I see none of this in the press releases and reports I read. Instead I see both sides telling us that to be uncertain, to dialogue instead of rail, is to betray the cause.
Mehmet Murat ildan|That’s the moon,’ I said.‘Gran likes it like that,’ said Lettie Hempstock.‘But it was a crescent moon yesterday. And now it’s full. And it was raining. It is raining. But now it’s not.’‘Gran likes the full moon to shine on this side of the house. She says it’s restful, and it reminds her of when she was a girl,’ said Lettie. ‘And you don’t trip on the stairs.
Jonas Armstrong|Seven years into writing a novel, I started to lose my mind. My thirty-seventh birthday had just come and gone, the end of 2008 was approaching, and I was constantly aware of how little I had managed to accomplish.
Katha Pollitt|For a novelist, no matter what, it's a complete work, even if it's not published. But if you write a screenplay, and it's not performed, then it's a sad and frustrating experience.
C.G. Jung|‎"...the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
Søren Kierkegaard|The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
Ray Bradbury|Any man who keeps working is not a failure. He may not be a great writer, but if he applies the old-fashioned virtues of hard, constant labor, he'll eventually make some kind of career for himself as writer."]
Henry James|Barret thinks- he thinks, briefly- of turning around and leaving the park; of being, this time, the vanisher, the man who leaves you wondering, who offers no explanation, not even the sour satisfaction of a real fight; who simply drifts away, because (it seems) there's affection and there's sex but there's no urgency, no little hooks clasping little eyes; no binding, no dogged devotions, no prayers for mercy, not when mercy can be so easily self-administered. What would it be like, Barrett wonders, to be the other, the man who's had the modest portion he thinks of as enough, who slips away before the mess sets in, before he's available to accusation and recrimination, before the authorities start demanding of him When, and Why, and With Whom
Ilona Andrews, Clean Sweep|This club is for members only. But once you join, membership lasts for an eternity.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|The cold surface somehow enabled him to remain calm; he kept his eyes upon the summit, awaiting the arrival of reinforcements. The pace of his breathing remained steady, as did his pulse; it was in such moments men came of age; ‘the night is ours, the night is ours’, Jelani whispered.
|You must be willing to go through some tough tests, if you wish to witness a future full of great testimonies.
Guy Winch|Race prejudice is not only a shadow over the colored — it is a shadow over all of us, and the shadow is darkest over those who feel it least and allow its evil effects to go on.
Debasish Mridha|It's not true that we lose our creative genius when we grow older, but we grow older because we forget to use our creative genius.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|You see demons in the eyes of the world, and the world sees a bottomless pit in yours.
Jerry Spinelli|Mom, is the world coming to an end?" Jonny asked, picking up the plate of cookies and ramming one into his mouth."No, it isn'T," Mom said, folding her lawn chair and carrying it to the front of the house. "And yes, you do have to go to school tomorrow.
Dreamer|Peace is normally a great good, and normally it coincides with righteousness, but it is righteousness and not peace which should bind the conscience of a nation as it should bind the conscience of an individual; and neither a nation nor an individual can surrender conscience to another's keeping.
Anna Breslaw, Scarlett Epstein Hates It Here|It's amazing how the more you read, the less you know.
Mira Monroe, Magick|You can be proud of your country and culture and, at the same time, recognize that there is something that's wrong that needs to be changed.
Ngaio Marsh, Ngaio Marsh: A Life|We do not wait for inspiration. We work because we've jolly well got to. But when all is said and done, we toil at this particular job because it's turned out to be our particular job, and in a weird sort of way I suppose we may be said to like it.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I want your scars, your darkness, your secrets. I want to see the interior of your soul.
Toni Morrison|Well, love is insanity. The ancient Greeks knew that. It is the taking over of a rational and lucid mind by delusion and self-destruction. You lose yourself, you have no power over yourself, you can't even think straight.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I was angry with him before. I’m not really sure why. Maybe I was just angry that the world had become such a complicated place, that I have never known even a fraction of the truth about it. Or that I allowed myself to grieve for someone who was never really gone, the same way I grieved for my mother all the years I thought she was dead. Tricking someone into grief is one of the cruelest tricks a person can play, and it’s been played on me twice.
Isaac Asimov|Meet everyone with utmost respect and heartfelt love. Sir Kristian Goldmund Aumann, POET 2013– Sir Kristian Goldmund Aumann
Michael Morpurgo, Toto: The Dog-Gone Amazing Story of the Wizard of Oz|Magic obeys only the heart of the one who uses it. Your magic would always be a kind magic, because you are kind, I can tell. Please stay and help us.
Buck Brannaman, The Faraway Horses: The Adventures and Wisdom of One of America's Most Renowned Horsemen|In practice we always base our preparations against an enemy on the assumption that his plans are good; indeed, it is right to rest our hopes not on a belief in his blunders, but on the soundness of our provisions. Nor ought we to believe that there is much difference between man and man, but to think that the superiority lies with him who is reared in the severest school.
Idries Shah, The Book of the Book|An intelligent enemy,' he would say, stroking his beard as if it were a bristly pet, 'rather than a foolish friend.' Or, 'He learnt the language of pigeons, and forgot his own.' Or, the favourite of Jan Fishan Khan: 'Nothing is what it seems.
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|Perhaps they should feel this safe sand blow away so that their heads are uncovered for a time, so that they will have to taste not only the solid honesty of my red borscht, but the new flavor of the changing world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With craziness of mind, I have courage to live as I wish.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboahg Yeboah|Always be ready for criticism for there shall always be people who shall be ready always to criticize you. The positive lesson you learn from your critics, is the most important thing which matter and not just the matter!
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|A woman today who has no goal, no purpose, no ambition patterning her days into the future, making her stretch and grow beyond that small score of years in which her body can fill its biological function, is committing a kind of suicide.
Bernadette Devlin McAliskey, The Price of my Soul|To gain that which is worth having,it may be necessary to lose everything else.
Andy Weir, The Martian|As with most of life's problems, this one can be solved by a box of pure radiation.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|Loss of any sort should stir up emotion; if it doesn’t, it’s because we’ve trained ourselves to be numb. We’ve bought into the great societal lie that emotional and sensitive is bad, is shameful, is weak, and worse yet is unlike Him.
Ross Cheit|How can it be that Jane is with me, and says she loves me? Will she not depart as suddenly as she came? To-morrow, I fear I shall find her no more.
Steve Jobs|You’ve got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on. So keep looking until you find it. Don’t settle…Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
Debasish Mridha|When you empower others to be great, you become a great leader.
Calvin W. Allison, Shadows Over February|My time has is here, my mission has failed, but in spite of my limitations i will never loose faith. life is just a process, some do good while some do bad, i thank God for salvation because in times like these i could be careless working on my own defensive violating plans..
Ernst Haeckel, The History of Creation V1: Or the Development of the Earth and Its Inhabitants by the Action of Natural Causes|Where faith commences, science ends. Both these arts of the human mind must be strictly kept apart from each other. Faith has its origin in the poetic imagination; knowledge, on the other hand, originates in the reasoning intelligence of man. Science has to pluck the blessed fruits from the tree of knowledge, unconcerned whether these conquests trench upon the poetical imaginings of faith or not.
Stephen R.C. Hicks, Explaining Postmodernism: Skepticism and Socialism from Rousseau to Foucault|This is that moment in the hangover in which you discover that your keys are in your hat, the cat is in the sink, and you attempted late the previous night to make stew out of a pot holder. Things are in the wrong place. Religion is in the box where science used to be. Politics is on the shelf where you thought you left science the previous afternoon. Entertainment seems to have been knocked over and spilled on everything.
Milton Friedman|Self-interest is not myopic selfishness. It is whatever it is that interests the participants, whatever they value, whatever goals they pursue. The scientist seeking to advance the frontiers of his discipline, the missionary seeking to convert infidels to the true faith, the philanthropist seeking to bring comfort to the needy - all are pursuing their interests, as they see them, as they judge them by their own values.
John Stoker, Overcoming Fake Talk: How to Hold Real Conversations That Create Respect, Build Relationships, and Get Results|True communication is communion- the realization of oneness, which is love.
Dana Reinhardt, Harmless|Sam, there comes a time when the world no longer needs heroes. And then the true hero knows to walk away.
Steve Alten, The Loch|I've known how to control my anger, but that doesn't mean I don't feel it. Page 190
Alan Brown|You know Americans...Self-improvement. No matter who or what we are, we're always working on ways to become somebody else.
Mary-Jean Harris, Wrestling with Gods|Toulouse then felt a cool touch on his right hand as something wound around his wrist. It was the Lucefate snake, slowly coiling around him, winding tightly, but not enough to leave more than a slight impression afterwards. Toulouse flinched at first, yet forced himself to remain still and calm. It was Nature’s first commandment to humans: remain still and calm until you understand, until you have seen, heard, smelled, tasted, and felt all that was needed before acting.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift: Fearless|Regrets are useless, " the Fool replied. "All you can do is start from where you are.
Pauline Clarke, The Return of the Twelves|It did not seem odd to Max that what he had imagined about Stumps was really true, because this was exactly how games you made up worked. Of course they were true. In your mind.
M.F. Moonzajer|When you see something wrong and fail to do anything about it, even in the smallest effort, you accept the wrong.
Diane Chamberlain, Conduct Unbecoming: Rape, Torture, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from Military Commanders|In this miasma of forgotten wars, torture and the war on terror, there are no easy answers, especially in the face of a very real terrorism. But I can live my questions. As a humanitarian, I can act from a feeling of shared vulnerability with the victims of preventable suffering. I have a responsibility to bear witness publicly to the plight of those I seek to assist and to insist on independent humanitarian action and respect for international humanitarian law. As a citizen, I can assume my responsibility for the public world - the world of politics - not as a spectator, but as a participant who engages and shapes it. The larger force that can push back against the wrong use of power can be the force of a citizen's politics that openly debates the right use of power and the reasoned pursuit of justice. Catherine Lu, a political philosopher and my friend, has described justice as a boundary over which we must not go, a bond of common humanity between us, a balance among people of equal worth and dignity. I fight not for a utopian ideal, but each day I make a choice, against nihilism and towards justice.
Katy Kauffman, 2 Timothy: Winning the Victory|I have established my throne in heaven, and my kingdom rules over all. The day is mine, and mine also the night; I established the sun and moon. I set all the boundaries of the earth; I made both summer and winter. The earth is mine, and everything in it, the world, and all who live in it. All things are from me and through me and to me.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I'm afraid that we all make mistakes. One of the things that defines our character is how we handle mistakes. If we lie about having made a mistake, then it can't be corrected and it festers. On the other hand, if we give up just because we made a mistake, even a big mistake, none of us would get far in life.
Lecrea|If i believe my truth is true and you believe your truth is true,what if my truth says yours is a lie.is it still true?
Jessica Chastain|I'm a morning person, so rising at 4-something on weekends is not a huge challenge for me. I am not, however, much of a morning eater - not at that hour, at least.
Oscar Bimpong|Poverty is a mindset: It creates that sense of scarcity. You then become accustomed to it such that your life is hinged on protecting the scarce resources that you have. However, you can only create a mindset of abundance by investing what you have and not savings. Savings only becomes significant if it's done with a motive to invest.
Liz Stephens, The Days Are Gods|You can’t forget how important coming together is, whether it be a mom and a son, a dad and a daughter, whether the family be ten people, or twenty people, or a million people. Dinnertime is the perfect time for that. Dinnertime is the perfect time when you can sit down, you can offer thanks to your kids for making you laugh, or to your parents for supporting you, or to a god for looking out for you, or to whomever you want. You can just close your eyes and open them again and realize that you have the opportunity everyday to change your life, or change someone else’s. Dinnertime is a great time to think about that.		~ Dillon, age 22 From Dinnertimes: Stories of American Life, 1912 to 2012
Bodhidharma|Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|Perhaps the magic would last, perhaps it wouldn't. But then again, what does?
Thiruvalluvar, Kural|It is compassion, the most gracious of virtues,Which moves the world.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You may not understand issues that do not pertain to the heart, but be a master in areas that do. Nobody knows everything, and nobody can be a master of everything. Nobody was created perfect, and nobody should be measured according to perfection. It is the weight of your heart that matters the most in the end. All else is irrelevant.
Ann Voskamp|Who would ever know the greater graces of comfort and perserverance, mercy and forgiveness, patience and courage, if no shadows fell over a life?
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|It's not about outward appearances but inward significance. A grandeur in the world, but not of the world, a grandeur that the world doesn't understand. That first glimpse of pure otherness, in whose presence you bloom out and out and out.A self one does not want. A heart one cannot help.
Christina Engela, All That Remains|Some children are threatened with loss of privileges such as money, cell phones, cars or even eviction from home if they do not 'toe-the-line' and 'act straight'. I don't think parents who do such things consider for a moment the kind of emotional damage they are doing to their children - or thinking beyond their own feelings about the situation - which will not change or go away simply because of their denial.
Philip K. Dick|Everybody looks a little crazy if you're looking close enough and if you can't look that close, then you don't really love them.
Daniel Craig|Now, I learned soon enough, that among the three, two don't trust the third one - the third one is the government. Both industry and unions feel the government is a talking organization and a spending organization.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|The feeling of the wind, the sound of rushing water, the sense of sunlight breaking through the clouds, the colors of flowers as the seasons changed - everything around him felt changed, as if they had all been recast.
Pablo Neruda|I don't want to go on being a root in the dark,vacillating, stretched out, shivering with sleep,downward, in the soaked guts of the earth,absorbing and thinking, eating each day.
Pet Torres, Leione's Diary: How Everything Should Have Been|When he comes back, I'm sticking to him like moss to a stone. You're going to have to cut me off with a knife to get us separated.
Mehmet Murat ildan|-What is your contribution to society?-I mind my own business and I always know when to shut the fuck up.”*Gets Nobel Prize*If two people are happy together, just leave them alone.
Jason Alexander|When people ask me do I believe in feminism - well, I didn't even know I was a feminist. I was the top of the bill; I've always been the top of the bill. So I don't know what equality is.
Luis Camnitzer|Passing from legality to subversion, the need of finding a minimum stimulus with a maximum effect appears—an effect that through its impact justifies the risk taken and pays for it. During certain historical periods, at the level of the object, this meant dealing with and creating mysteries. At the level of situations, and in this case, it means the change of social structure.
Guy Sajer, The Forgotten Soldier|What happened next? I retain nothing from those terrible minutes except indistinct memories which flash into my mind with sudden brutality, like apparitions, among bursts and scenes and visions that are scarcely imaginable. It is difficult even to even to try to remember moments during which nothing is considered, foreseen, or understood, when there is nothing under a steel helmet but an astonishingly empty head and a pair of eyes which translate nothing more than would the eyes of an animal facing mortal danger. There is nothing but the rhythm of explosions, more or less distant, more or less violent, and the cries of madmen, to be classified later, according to the outcome of the battle, as the cries of heroes or of murderers. And there are the cries of the wounded, of the agonizingly dying, shrieking as they stare at a part of their body reduced to pulp, the cries of men touched by the shock of battle before everybody else, who run in any and every direction, howling like banshees. There are the tragic, unbelievable visions, which carry from one moment of nausea to another: guts splattered across the rubble and sprayed from one dying man to another; tightly riveted machines ripped like the belly of a cow which has just been sliced open, flaming and groaning; trees broken into tiny fragments; gaping windows pouring out torrents of billowing dust, dispersing into oblivion all that remains of a comfortable parlor...
Robin Williams|If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.
Beth Kery, Because You Are Mine: The Complete Novel|Life will never be perfect, so we must learn how to make the imperfections work for us.
Lisa Murkowski|We must respect the interior laws of creation, of this Earth, to learn these laws and obey them if we want to survive.
Teresa of Ávila|If this is how you treat your friends, no wonder you have so many enemies.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|As a father, we need to actively listen.
Mary Ruefle|It looks like it’s wasting time, but literature is actually the ultimate time-saver – because it gives us access to a range of emotions and events that it would take you years, decades, millennia to try to experience directly. Literature is the greatest reality simulator — a machine that puts you through infinitely more situations than you can ever directly witness.
Arti Honrao|I could see that others had confused her disorganized passion for volatility. In reality, she was a scrumptious mess; deliciously majestic. She was on her way to great things in this life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Professing not to care is a primordial defense mechanism. Whenever a person finds oneself mired in failure and despondency, rebelling is a viable option to preserve false personal pride.
Brian Kernighan|A wide variety of devices beyond personal computers are arriving, many of which will be used to browse the Web... The Flash engineering team has taken this on with a major overhaul of the mainstream Flash Player for a variety of devices.
Kelly Link, Pretty Monsters: Stories|Jeremy and Karl and Elizabeth have known each other since the first day of kindergarten. Amy and Talis are a year younger...Now the five are inseparable; invincible. They imagine that life will always be like this--like a television show in eternal syndication--that they will always have each other. They use the same vocabulary. They borrow each other's books and music. They share lunches, and they never say anything when Jeremy comes over and takes a shower. They all know Jeremy's father is eccentric. He's supposed to be eccentric. He's a novelist.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|Without grace, there is no gratitude.
Sarah Ockler, Bittersweet|See, some people politely encourage their tone-deaf friends to sing. Some people even convince them to go on live television and audition for national competitions. But me? I am not that friend.
Florence Welch|Who cares about the men who steered your breakfast cereal through winter storms? How ironic that the more ships have grown in size and consequence, the less space they take up in our imagination.
Jenny B. Jones, Save the Date|She just asked me to pick her up some tampons and a Yoo-Hoo." ~Alex Sinclair
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Perhaps, in the end, only those who really made us laugh can really make us cry.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|You have been to hell, Ketut?"He smiled. Of course he's been there.What's it like in hell?" Same like in heaven," he said.He saw my confusion and tried to explain. "Universe is a circle, Liss."He said. "To up, to down -- all same, at end."I remembered an old Christian mystic notion: As above, so below. I asked. "Then how can you tell the difference between heaven and hell?"Because of how you go. Heaven, you go up, through seven happy places. Hell, you go down, through seven sad places. This is why it better for you to go up, Liss." He laughed.Same-same," he said. "Same in end, so better to be happy in journey."I said, "So, if heaven is love, then hell is.. " Love, too," he said. Ketut laughed again, "Always so difficult for young people to understand this!
Sean Quinn|Europe is difficult to coordinate, and our main deficit may not even lie in this area of finance and economics, but in foreign and security policy. We have a leadership problem because we are still 27 different members who have still not decided on how to work with each other based on what we used to call a European constitution.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essential Writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson|The physiognomy of a deserted highway expresses solitude to a degree that is not reached by mere dales or downs, and bespeaks a tomb-like stillness more emphatic than that of glades and pools. The contrast of what is with what might be, probably accounts for this.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|Humm humm haaa. Rahmumm humm haaaa," intoned Opal, finishing her chant. "Peace be inside me, tolerance all around me, forgiveness in my path. Now, Mervall, show me where the filthy human is so that I may feed him his organs.
Darnell Lamont Walker|I could tell from Anna's face that she had already told him about dancing in Saint Petersburg and that the memory weighed on her heavily. What monstrous things, our pasts, especially when they have been lovely. She had told a secret and now had the sadness of wondering how much deeper she might dig in order to keep the first secret fed.
Abul 'Ala' Al-Ma'arri|Don’t keep running the race of life with the same heavy load of mistakes and indecisiveness! You may grow weary and weary! Mistakes lead to discovery, but not all the time! Mind your mind, and for a moment, realize where you have reach, and drop your loads!
Anonymous|Man made borders not to limit himself, but to have something to cross.
Tess Gerritsen, The Sinner|Christmas is a time in which, of all times in the year, the memory of every remediable sorrow, wrong, and trouble in the world around us, should be active with us, not less than our own experiences, for all good.
Deyth Banger|Why people want stuff which make them transcendent or transcendence?? And then they just destroy it?? Why Humanity wants something and then destroy it?? THere are a lot of examples one of them is the film "Transcendence
Wole Soyinka|I want to try and be as involved in the art of filmmaking as possible. I feel that the only way to really do that is to take on as many roles as possible, whether it be as an actor, an editor, a director, a cinematographer.
Jet Li|Genuine expressions of emotion rarely persist longer than five seconds and almost never longer than 10. A fixed smile is likely to conceal anger, anxiety, or some other negative emotion.
|Your true destiny is desperately waiting on you to start thinking, acting, and walking with faith and courage.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|They left like you knew they would. They went away and you fell like a stone. All the way to the bottom of your room. I see you, yes I see you. Sitting in your chair, hating every minute of it. Falling like a stone without even moving. It hurt you to know that you were right about all the shit you wanted to be wrong about. They always leave you. You put yourself in the right place to get left.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|Remember, the security and happiness you are seeking is not in your material possessions, your degrees, or relationships. It is much closer than you think.
Joseph Wood Krutch|Athol Fugard became famous as a playwright, so although 'Tsotsi' the book was written in the '60s, it was only published in the '80s. It was then optioned pretty much every year by producers. I think the problem was that holding onto its period setting made it very hard to get finance.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Many cultures accept the faulty nature of memory. They know even the photograph only gets it halfway right. They believe there is only one way to bring the dead back to life, story.
Lynn Cowell|On the last and greatest day of the festival, Jesus stood and said in a loud voice, 'Let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink. Whoever believes in me, as Scripture has said, rivers of living water will flow from within them.'" John 7:37-38 (NIV)As soon as we were old enough to understand fairy tales, we were told to start looking for the one.Someday my prince will come.Someday I'll find my love.As we got older, Prince Charming looked a bit different. Our teenage hearts thrilled when the latest vocal sensation sang about finding us and how our love would last forever.Wherever we turned, we were told our soul mate was waiting. And we were led to believe we were "less than" if we didn't find the one who would complete us!Even now, whether we're 15, 45 or 75, the equation hasn't changed: "Guy + Me = Valuable."So, if the movies, books and songs are so right, how come when we find the one, we can still feel like we're missing something? Why are there married people who are lonely with an emptiness that marriage can't fill? Our hearts can get confused if our reality doesn't match fantasy and we wonder:Maybe my one isn't really the one? Or, whether we're married or single, we might wonder, is the one for me still out there?In this place of uncertainty our hearts can grow perplexed. If we find ourselves in this vulnerable place of questioning, and all of a sudden a guy who seems to be the one enters the picture, it can stir up confusion.If we are married, we might wonder if we should walk away from a husband, who we thought was perfect for us, in order to have a new one, who seems more perfect. Singles might wonder if this guy is really a gift from God ... the one we've waited for?In my personal search to have my love gap filled, I have discovered there is The One for each and every one of us.It is Jesus Himself! He's The One our hearts are looking for. He's The One who is the filler of my lonely places and misunderstood parts.No matter what is going on in my roller coaster heart, Jesus' love for me is secure and stable. On the days when the relationship with my husband is everything I'm looking for, Jesus is The One. On the days when the cart of marriage is wobbly and off-kilter, He's still The One.Oh the relief Jesus brings to the rest of my relationships! When I turn to Him to fill the love gap in my heart, it takes the pressure off others! While my needy heart could wear my family out, Jesus is a continual source of unconditional love pouring into me. Not the type of filling that is once and done, but an endless supply ... each and every day.Listen to His promise in John 7:37-38, "Let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink. Whoever believes in me, as Scripture has said, rivers of living water will flow from within them."Ahhh ... the refreshing that comes when we discover He is The One we are looking for.What a relief my heart experiences as I stop looking to others to fill me and find Jesus as my constant, day after day, contentment. Take time today to go to Him and ask Him to fill up the empty places and refresh the areas of your heart that are dry. Jesus is The One and only who can fill and complete us.Lord, help me to recognize You are The One my heart is looking for. Each and every day, teach me to look to You to fill the love gap in my heart. Amen
Lora Mathis|I assumed that looking back reminded older guys of what they had shot at and missed, the what-ifs, the good memories, the bad, the people left behind, the people who moved on.
Bill Watterson, The Complete Calvin and Hobbes|People think that stories are shaped by people. In fact, it's the other way around.
Jason Mraz|Everything is perfect. Everything is fine. The rules of life are made up. The rules only exist in your mind.Of course there may be courtesies And closures and laws to abide,But the zeal with which you play Relies on where YOU draw the line
Rebecca MacKinnon|Technology is incredibly powerful. And in many ways, the sky is the limit in terms of what you can actually accomplish with the right science and the right technology. But to get there, you have to actually invest in R&D. And often that means you have to be willing to spend an awful lot in that R&D phase before you see the benefits.
Darnell Lamont Walker|To laugh often and much,to win the respect of the intelligent peopleand the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest criticsand endure the betrayal of false friends;to appreciate beauty;to find the best in others; to leave the world.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|The path to the ethnic democratization of American society is through its culture, that is to say through its cultural apparatus, which comprises the eyes, the ears, and the "mind" of capitalism and is twentieth-century voice to the world. Thus to democratize the cultural apparatus is tantamount to revolutionizing American society itself into the living realization of its professed ideas. Seeing the problem in another way, to revolutionize the cultural apparatus is to deal fundamentally with the unsolved American question of nationality--Which group speaks for America and for the glorification of which ethnic image? Either all group images speak for themselves and for the nation, or American nationality will never be determined.
Matt Taibbi|Of course, everyone in the New World is an immigrant or a descendant of immigrants, and immigrants have built America and continue to do so. Legal or illegal, they are almost universally good people who work to better their lot and that of their children.
Annabel Pitcher, My Sister Lives on the Mantelpiece|When we were leaving London, Dad spent about an hour trying to push his wardrobe through the bedroom door. He turned it on its side. He tried it upside down. He tilted it one way and then the other but it just would not fit. Words like "Mum" and "Affair" and "Dad" and "Drinking" were just like that wardrobe--too big to get out. No matter what I did, I couldn't fit them through the space between my teeth.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|We demand that segregation be ended in every school district in the year 1963! We demand that we have effective civil rights legislation - no compromise, no filibuster - and that include public accommodations, decent housing, integrated education, FEPC and the right to vote.
Keith Steinbaum, The Poe Consequence|I started to drink heavily, comfortably caught in the tentacle-like clutches of alcohol.
C. JoyBell C.|Remember that when you think you are seeing giants, they may not be giants at all; perhaps it is you who is the dwarf.
Douglas Wilson|A great many grown-up and intelligent people believe, or pretend to believe, that by behaving in a friendly and accommodating way to our attackers, we will show them that they have nothing to fear from us and so defuse their wrath. The idea that such behavior would be taken by a ruthless and implacable enemy only as a sign of weakness is as foreign to them as the idea of honor itself.
Yotam Ottolenghi|Braising eggs in a flavoursome, aromatic sauce is all the rage. It is warming and comforting, ideal for the morning when you are not normally up for a great culinary challenge.
E.E. Cummings|Love is the voice under all silences, the hope which has no opposite in fear; the strength so strong mere force is feebleness: the truth more first than sun, more last than star...
Benjamin Franklin|Being a mother is an attitude, not a biological relation.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you waste time watering a fruitless tree, fruitful ones may die of thirst.
|For every hour spent on worrying, is sixty minutes that could have been spent on seeking for some solutions.
Ahmed Mostafa|I'd be lying if I said I didn't want youI'd be lying if I said I didn't wish you were mineThe truth is, you stole my heart from afarThe truth is, you still have it. 
Joseph Smith, Jr.|I experienced the joy of living alone for the first time while also falling deeply in love with Eve. Genesis Eve. Mother of all the Living Eve. Paradise Lost Eve. Lover Eve. Sister Eve. My Eve. She, too, had made a decision that was both painful and liberating. I was thankful for her willingness to defy a rule for experience, for story, for possibility. --Kitty Taylor
Richard Brinsley Sheridan|I love things that are indescribable, like the taste of an avocado or the smell of a gardenia.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Union Moujik|Grief, my friend, forces us to search our souls and find answers to issues that constrain us from becoming better human beings.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Good intentions aren't enough, you must take right actions.
Mark Zuckerberg|I'm Jewish, so I don't know much about Easter eggs.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|If we surrenderedto earth's intelligencewe could rise up rooted, like trees.
Matthew Desmond|Everybody goes through a period where you're fighting a lot, I think. Sometimes that can be a good thing for your relationship. That conflict can lead to making up.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|Since there was nowhere else he wanted to be and no one else he wanted touching him, Drake shot Gabriel a smug look over his shoulder as he let Victoria take him wherever she wanted.
Suzette R. Hinton|It is the doing of your calling that attracts the support of the God of the Universe. When I stepped into that space, the wind in my life changed direction. The doing rallied the Heavens. It was the voice of my faith. If you don’t do out of your being, you aren’t truly showing up. Maybe that’s what’s meant by faith without works is dead. Without it, there are no smoke signals going up to attract the people, resources or opportunities.
Imam Ja'Far Al-Sadiq|Verily, knowledge is a lock and its key is the question.
Martin Luther|The best way to drive out the devil, if he will not yield to texts of Scripture, is to jeer and flout him, for he cannot bear scorn.
John Burnside|Knowledge comes from the past, so it's safe. It is also out of date. It's the opposite of originality... Experience is the opposite of being creative.
Samuel Beckett, Texts for Nothing and Other Shorter Prose 1950-1976|...then much, then little, then nothing.
Arab proverb|That's why he hates you, because you didn't suffer when he tried to punish you.
Martin Heidegger|Good food and a warm kitchen are what makes a house a home. I always tried to make my home like my mother's, because Mom was magnificent at stretching a buck when it came to decorating and food. Like a true Italian, she valued beautification in every area of her life, and I try to do the same.
Lea Salonga|My wrestling and family go together. It's always been that way, from day one with my mom and dad, my sister, my wife, four daughters, grandsons, son-in-laws.
Justin Somper, Immortal War|Some changes occur suddenly like a brilliant flash of lightning striking across a dark sky. These changes are stunning, exciting but can be quickly forgotten. Other changes happen slowly, gradually, like a flower blooming in early spring, each day unfurling its petals another fraction of an inch towards the warm, nurturing sun. These changes are as inevitable as nature running its course; they’re meant to be.
C.J. Mahaney|It also occurred to him that throughout history, humankind has told two stories: the story of a lost ship sailing the Mediterranean seas in quest of a beloved isle, and the story of a god who allows himself to be crucified on Golgotha.
Edward Everett|While we are living in the present, we must celebrate life every day, knowing that we are becoming history with every work, every action, every deed.
Rick Riordan|It is quite true, as some poets said, that the God who created man must have had a sinister sense of humor, creating him a reasonable being, yet forcing him to take this ridiculous posture, and driving him with blind craving for this ridiculous performance.
Ivanka Trump|Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.
Christopher Babson, Breakout Presentations: Wow! People in Business and Life|The leader acknowledges and eradicates the weeds in the garden, but keeps vision on the beauty they are creating and not on the weeds they are destroying
Anna Lyndsey, Girl in the Dark|My dreams are crowded with people, as though to compensate for the solitariness of my waking hours.
Thomas Cathcart|Holmes and Watson are on a camping trip. In the middle of the night Holmes wakes up and gives Dr. Watson a nudge. "Watson" he says, "look up in the sky and tell me what you see.""I see millions of stars, Holmes," says Watson."And what do you conclude from that, Watson?"Watson thinks for a moment. "Well," he says, "astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo. Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. Meterologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. Theologically, I see that God is all-powerful, and we are small and insignficant. Uh, what does it tell you, Holmes?""Watson, you idiot! Someone has stolen our tent!
Michael Crichton, Prey|Let's say that the God the Christians pray to is real. He actually exists. But this God is the same as the one that the Jews pray to and the same as the one that the Muslims pray to and whatever other religions are praying to a God, He is the one. One God with many faces. Most of these religions contain the myth of the Anti-Christ, a being who will come one day and lead the world astray, lead the world to a place of sin and evil. Who could this Anti-Christ be...Consider the God with many faces. How many wars have been fought in His Name? How many people have been beaten, jailed, and maimed to prove His points. Think of the Inquisition, the Holocaust, Salem, and the Sudan. All of these tragedies carried out in His name. Why is it accepted that He is a force for good? If we were to look for the Anti-Christ just by his accomplishments, wouldn't we clearly suspect the being who is the cause of so much woe?
George Carlin|It dropped ice to the bottom of his stomach. He thought of the ruined bodies he'd seen, including the ones he himself had ruined. He realized that he had somehow expected that he'd never have to think again about the way people damage other people. The night of the invasion. Kestrel's back. His own. Roshar's scarred face. His own.
Justin Bienvenue, Opium Warfare|Be careful not to think that just because you know what a person is going to say, you know what that person is going to do.Be careful not to think that just because you know what a person is going to do to others, you know what that person is going to do (or not do) to you.
Michael David Lukas, The Oracle of Stamboul|She hadn't lied. She hadn't betrayed anyone's trust; still, she felt she had done something wrong. Or rather, she had not yet done the right thing. Was there a difference between these two sins?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fill your mind with the Holy Scripture, that speak life into your life.
Belva Rae Staples|The primitive idea of justice is partly legalized revenge and partly expiation by sacrifice. It works out from both sides in the notion that two blacks make a white, and that when a wrong has been done, it should be paid for by an equivalent suffering. It seems to the Philistine majority a matter of course that this compensating suffering should be inflicted on the wrongdoer for the sake of its deterrent effect on other would-be wrongdoers; but a moment's reflection will shew that this utilitarian application corrupts the whole transaction. For example, the shedding of blood cannot be balanced by the shedding of guilty blood. Sacrificing a criminal to propitiate God for the murder of one of his righteous servants is like sacrificing a mangy sheep or an ox with the rinderpest: it calls down divine wrath instead of appeasing it. In doing it we offer God as a sacrifice the gratification of our own revenge and the protection of our own lives without cost to ourselves; and cost to ourselves is the essence of sacrifice and expiation.
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|Sounds like the effect of wolf’s blood to me,” he said, winking at her.“You think?”“Attacking without thinking? Just reacting instantly? Yeah, that’s wolf mentality.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|They all ordered massive plates of eggs, pancakes, and reindeer sausage, though Frank looked a little worried about the reindeer. "You think it's okay that we're eating Rud
Dominic Toretto|You don't turn your back on family, even when they do.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|Now she sat in their dining hall, a book in her lap but unread while she stared blankly across the room.Bercelak’s kin kept themselves busy by sharpening weapons, reading, talking, or setting things on fire with small bursts of flame.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|They put me in a box, and every time I try to nudge the lid open, they slam it back down. It’s like nothing about me is allowed to change.
D. Morgenstern|I was crazy in love with you in high school, and you broke my heart the day you hooked up with someone else our sophomore year. Then you broke it again when you promised me you’d dump him the night we kissed and go out with me instead, because the next morning, you forgot all about me.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|Courage. Kindness. Friendship. Character. These are the qualities that define us as human beings, and propel us, on occasion, to greatness.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
Patrick W. Galbraith, Otaku Spaces|To be in a war, you must learn the rules of survival… to win a war, you must break every fucking one of those rules.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The most perfect solitude must entail the absence of all beings, but it must also tremble with the light of life. For example, a perfect solitude may find itself haunted by lives born of the imagination, characters lying on shelves in rows of books, or accompanied by figures waiting in dreams. The perfect solitude pushes one to sense the pulse of solitude itself; for example, a perfect solitude may be marked with the beat of one’s heart.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Welcome to the Universe: The Problem Book|In our profession, we tend to name things exactly as we see them. Big red stars we call red giants. Small white stars we call white dwarfs. When stars are made of neutrons, we call them neutron stars. Stars that pulse, we call them pulsars. In biology they come up with big Latin words for things. MDs write prescriptions in a cuneiform that patients can’t understand, hand them to the pharmacist, who understands the cuneiform. It’s some long fancy chemical thing, which we ingest. In biochemistry, the most popular molecule has ten syllables—deoxyribonucleic acid! Yet the beginning of all space, time, matter, and energy in the cosmos, we can describe in two simple words, Big Bang. We are a monosyllabic science, because the universe is hard enough. There is no point in making big words to confuse you further.Want more? In the universe, there are places where the gravity is so strong that light doesn’t come out. You fall in, and you don’t come out either: black hole. Once again, with single syllables, we get the whole job done. Sorry, but I had to get all that off my chest.
Murray N. Rothbard, The Ethics of Liberty|Libertarians make no exceptions to the golden rule and provide no moral loophole, no double standard, for government. That is, libertarians believe that murder is murder and does not become sanctified by reasons of state if committed by the government. We believe that theft is theft and does not become legitimated because organized robbers call their theft "taxation." We believe that enslavement is enslavement even if the institution committing that act calls it "conscription." In short, the key to libertarian theory is that it makes no exceptions in its universal ethic for government.
C.S. Lewis|A man by his sin may waste himself, which is to waste that which on earth is most like God. This is man's greatest tragedy and God's heaviest grief.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Obvious? Possibly. Sometimes, common sense is only obvious once you have been shown it to be so. Only after a shortcut has been revealed is it an obvious time saver. Before that, it had remained completely unknown to everyone but the enlightened. You can’t know what you don’t know and, therefore, never seek anyone’s tutorage of the subject
Peter Bognanni, The House of Tomorrow|I will use my mind, not just my regular brain lobes.
Rod Serling, Rod Serling's Night Gallery|Before VCRs, people used to decorate the tops of their TVs with family photos.
W.B. Yeats|The land is encrusted with ephemeral human conceits. That is not altogether good for a youngster; it disarranges his mind and puts him out of harmony with what is permanent. Just listen a moment. Here, if you are wise, you will seek an antidote. Taken in over-dose, all these churches and pictures and books and other products of our species are toxins for a boy like you. They falsify your cosmic values. Try to be more of an animal. Try to extract pleasure from more obvious sources. Lie fallow for a while. Forget all these things. Go out into the midday glare. Sit among rocks and by the sea. Have a look at the sun and stars for a change; they arc just as impressive as Donatello. Find yourself! You know the Cave of Mercury? Climb down, one night of full moon, all alone, and rest at its entrance. Familiarize yourself with elemental things. The whole earth reeks of humanity and its works. One has to be old and tough to appraise them at their true worth. Tell people to go to Hell, Denis, with their altar-pieces and museums and clock- towers and funny little art-galleries.
Napoleon Bonaparte|Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.
Atul Gawande, Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance|Present-day science, conventional medicine, and the mindset of 'better living through chemistry' have delivered their results, and they are less an excellent. Essentially, due to poor results, these methods no longer reign supreme.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|I remembered suddenly that Aspen had always been this way. He sacrificed sleep for me, he risked getting caught out after curfew for me, he scrounged together pennies for me. Aspen's generosity was harder to see because it wasn't as grand as Maxon's, but the heart behind what he gave was so much bigger.
Sophie Hardach, The Registrar's Manual for Detecting Forced Marriages|He hams his Brummie accent, I tell myself, the way so many ex-pats ham their lost identity. The moustache is a pose. Yet, he hams this unpredictable matey belligerence, this curiously Midlands attitude. Colin is home away from home, I reflect, even if not the home you ever really liked.
Rebecca Hall|It's funny because I think that both France and Britain are known for their distinctive styles, and everyone says that France is so chic and elegant but I think, more than that, French women are renowned for dressing in what suits them.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|Animals store their fears and at times OUR fears in the body and manifest physical illnesses like we do. Like us, these fears may have occurred in infancy and are still carried in the adult body.
Leah C. Fowler|Narrative understanding is a large part of the ability to connect with, understand, and have compassion for all of us engaged in learning more about being human.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In the body is tremendous strength, in the mind is brilliant potential, in the heart is extraordinary influence, and in the soul is remarkable power.
Hugh Jackman|On Sundays Mom invariably ran out of money, which is when she cracked eggs into the skillet over cubes of fried black sourdough bread. It was, I think, the most delicious and eloquent expression of pauperism.
Helen  Bell, Playing a Dark Game - Book 3 of the Ilmaen Quartet|Will you be bringing that outspoken maid of yours?’‘Tela? Yes. If I come.’‘She makes me nervous. I can’t read her.’‘Nor can I.’‘Well of course not, if I can’t.’‘But I trust her.’Cedas' turn to misstep. He had heels on, to make him as tall as her, and she was in dance slippers. It hurt.‘Not that far,’ she reassured him.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|So the next time you see a person with a compose face and a soft voice, remember that inside her mind she might be solving an equation, composing a sonnet, designing a hat. She might, that is, be deploying the powers of quiet.
Lynne Olson, Those Angry Days: Roosevelt, Lindbergh, and America's Fight Over World War II, 1939-1941|After Rep. Martin Sweeney of Ohio delivered a scathing attack on the Roosevelt administration for allegedly using conscription as a way to get the United States into the war, Rep. Beverly Vincent of Kentucky, who was next to Sweeney, loudly muttered that he refused “to sit by a traitor.” Sweeney swung at Vincent, who responded with a sharp right to the jaw that sent Sweeney staggering. It was, said the House doorkeeper, the best punch thrown by a member of Congress in fifty years.
Nick Vujicic, Unstoppable: The Incredible Power of Faith in Action|I think I’ll stay in pieces. I can shift them, rearrange, depending on the day, depending on what I need to be. I can change on a whim and be so many different girls and none of them has to be me.
J.K. Rowling|I never need to find time to read. When people say to me, ‘Oh, yeah, I love reading. I would love to read, but I just don’t have time,’ I’m thinking, ‘How can you not have time?’ I read when I’m drying my hair. I read in the bath. I read when I’m sitting in the bathroom. Pretty much anywhere I can do the job one-handed, I read.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and our future life opportunities.
Roger E. Olson|As soon as we confront concrete marriages with other foreign images-such as well-being, happiness, a home for children-marriage appears to be senseless, withered, moribund, and kept alive largely by a great apparatus of psychologists and marriage counselors. Marriage is dead. Long live marriage!
Michelle Sagara West, City of Night|Stay," he said abruptly. "Stay, feed me. Read to me, if you like. Do not talk to me of death. Do not offer me your fear. I have fear of my own to drive me, and if my own fear is not strong enough to keep me from my duty, yours will only grieve me, girl. It will give me guilt and no rest, but it won't preserve my life.
Justin Bartha|When I do stand-up for a long time, I'll get burned out, then I'll get an acting gig. For me, the grass is always greener. I'd like to do a mixture of all of it. My goal is just to do small movies that I've written. That's what I'm trying to do now, just write smaller movies.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|I will guard you from Death, for I have no fear of him.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Sometimes what you love to do could even make many people to hate you. You may go through non-formal torments, character assassinations, verbal assaults and societal rejections, but if you are convinced about your love for what you are doing, you will never give up.
Amy Jo Martin|The public schools I attended were dominated by athletics and rarely inspiring intellectually, but I enjoyed a small circle of interesting friends despite my ineptitude at team sports and my preference for reading.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|There's a chance that I'm not here at all, that all the parts of me, running along all the choices I did and didn't make, for a moment brush against each other. That I am still an evangelist in the North, as well as the person who ran away. Perhaps for a while these two selves have been confused. I have not gone forward or back in time, but across in time, to something I might have been, playing itself out.
Linda  Gray, The Road to Happiness is Always Under Construction|When you get older, you know that life’s mysteries are revealed in the fullness of time. All you have to do is wait, watch, and be amazed.
C.G. Jung|It is the truth, a force of nature that expresses itself through me – I am only a channel – I can imagine in many instances where I would become sinister to you.For instance, if life had led you to take up an artificial attitude, then you wouldn't be able to stand me, because I ama natural being.By my very presence I crystallize; I am a ferment.The unconscious of people who live in an artificial manner senses me as a danger.Everything about me irritates them, my way of speaking, my way of laughing.They sense nature.
Walter Kirn, Blood Will Out: The True Story of a Murder, a Mystery, and a Masquerade|If there's anything i can feel, that's to the fact that i will grow even when i fall. Life is too simple to be taken too serious for me. ‪#‎MyDefinition‬
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|In the past few months, life had lost its sweetness and he’d lost his way. But no longer. Death was once again the enemy, his indifference and apathy drowned in a Cheshire pond.
John Fowles, The Magus|She's always looking for poetry and passion and sensitivity, the whole Romantic kitchen. I live on a rather simpler diet.' 'Prose and pudding?''I don't expect attractive men necessarily to have attractive souls.
Kirn Hans, Behind My Mask|She perceived that her will had blazed up, stubborn and resistant. She could not at that moment have done other than denied and resisted. She wondered if her husband had ever spoken to her like that before. and if she had submitted to his command. Of course she had; she remembered that she had. But she could not realise why or how she should have yielded, feeling as she then did.
Mehmet Murat ildan|She had expressed herself, as women will, in a smug broadside of pastel shades. Nothing clashed because nothing had the strength to clash; everything murmured of safety among the hues; all was refinement.
Kimberly Schlapman|I can still remember the afternoon, on my 15th birthday, when I opened up 'The Virgin and the Gypsy,' D.H. Lawrence's novella, in my tiny cell in boarding school, and whole worlds of possibility opened out that I had never guessed existed. The language was on fire and sang of liberation.
Irfan Nabi, Alluring Kashmir The Inner Spirit|This for me was home, and for the visitors, Kashmir".
Amit Chatterjee|Future has a scheming, naughty and intelligent mind. It is never fully predictable!
Brin-Jonathan Butler|We take so many of our freedoms for granted nowadays - I can travel where I like, I can have a baby when I like, I can do any job I want - but I do think chivalry has been lost a little bit.
Miguel Ruiz|Let everything we do and say be an expression of the beauty in our heart, always based on love.
Frederick Buechner, Telling Secrets|At least for a moment we all saw, I think, that the danger of pluralism is that it becomes factionalism, and that if factions grind their separate axes too vociferously, something mutual, precious, and human is in danger of being drowned out and lost.
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|I may have been in stage four, but I wasn’t completely crazy. At least eighty-six journalists had been killed in Iraq, more than in any other conflict since World War II, and another thirty-eight had been taken hostage. More would die in the years to come. I knew I had to limit my movements and take special care when I did go out.
Matt Papa|What's wrong with the world?It's easy to probe the ills of the nation, the Church, and the planet and come up with a grave diagnosis... But it takes all the strength we can muster to stand at Mass and honestly say, 'I have greatly sinned, in my thoughts and in my words, in what I have done and what I have failed to do..."Sin is not out there; it's deep inside you and me... What's wrong with the world? I am, because I sin, and my sins well up from the darkness in my own heart.
Debasish Mridha|To win, depend on your thoughts and actions but not on circumstances.
Graham Greene|If only it were possible to love without injury – fidelity isn’t enough: I had been faithful to Anne and yet I had injured her. The hurt is in the act of possession: we are too small in mind and body to possess another person without pride or to be possessed without humiliation. In a way I was glad that my wife had struck out at me again – I had forgotten her pain for too long, and this was the only kind of recompense I could give her. Unfortunately the innocent are always involved in any conflict. Always, everywhere, there is some voice crying from a tower. 
David Shields|I think that my regrets mostly have to do with my relationship with my ex-girlfriend. Every once in a while, you get those flashback memories of conversations you had with your exes, and you just, like, wince when you're walking down the street. Something occurs to you, 'Oh, no, I said that.'
Sandeep Sahajpal|What money is worth is never taught in formative stages, thereby everyone defines it his own way, but the fact remains that no one is able to define it ever, but still runs after it blindly.
Whitney Smith|He's looking into the night, in case a shadow comes to listen and look.
Saleem Sharma|You are my destiny, Thalia. You are mine.” He growled into my lips as he continued to make love to me. My hands clenched his shoulders. The markings on his chest made me feel all the love he possessed for me, and I for him. I touched the markings. “Yours, Forever love.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Demons|Music burst through him, perfect notes he hear rarely. Fire and ice, wind and calm, sky and earth, water and rock all fused together. Joley seemed as wild and turbulent s the sea, yet beneath her fiery passion, at the very core of her, she was as forceful and strong and as constant as the deepest ocean currents. Ilya seemed as calm as a windless sea, yet beneath the surface smoldered a volcano of such explosive magnitude, his power could easily sweep everything from his path. Together they completed each other, his melody and hers merging together into a single, perfect harmony.
Philippa Gregory, The White Queen|When righteous desires back up your motivation, you'll find that your inner gas tank will always have fuel to spare. Brick walls cannot stand in your way, detours cannot get you off track, and road construction will not make you turn around and head back. Your strength will surprise you, and whatever it is that your heart desires will eventually be accomplished.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|It’s time to accept that I am average, and to stop making this acceptance of my averageness into a bereavement.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Those who never love, do not understand what love is.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Your life purpose is not just one thing, nor just what you love to do, nor a role, nor a legacy you leave. Your life purpose is who you are 24/7.
bell hooks|The best way to stay safe is, let them think your insane.
Michelle Franklin|The world has become a much smaller place, there is no longer room for hatred.
Abhijit Naskar|Science is the most effective, efficient and magnificent path that leads towards the salvation of humankind.
Oscar Wilde|I sometimes think that so much of our life takes place inside our heads - in memory or imagination or interpretation or speculation - that if I really want to change my life, I might best begin by changing my mind.
Elizabeth Scott, Heartbeat|I see what grief does, how it strips you bare, shows you all the things you don't want to know. That loss doesn't end, that there isn't a moment where you are done, when you can neatly put it away and move on.
Jonathan Ive|If Apple, Amazon, Netflix, or somebody else can ever blast away all the ridiculous vestiges of decades-old TV content and technology we live with today, I'll buy whatever they come up with. Until then, I'm settling for a Caavo.
Ralph Nader|They say I'm the Hottest MC in the Game. If you label me that, I will live up to it. Trust me.
Rachel Cusk|We must recover the element of quality in our traditional pursuit of equality. We must not, in opening our schools to everyone, confuse the idea that all should have equal chance with the notion that all have equal endowments.
Calvin W. Allison, Strong Love Church|All of us share conscious recognition of our individual self. Each of us is more than a product of our conscious thoughts. The dictation of our unconscious mind also affects our behavior. The unconsciousness cogitates upon problems that are too harsh to submit to conscious resolution. The unconscious mind frequently directs us to take action that a rational, conscious mind would eschew. Resembling a two-sided coin, both our conscious and unconscious minds contribute to our thought processes. Collaborative thoughts lead to action, and repeated actions result in the development of behavior patterns, and ingrained behavior patterns lead to a sense of identity.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|For the first twenty years of my life, I rocked myself to sleep. It was a harmless enough hobby, but eventually, I had to give it up. Throughout the next twenty-two years I lay still and discovered that after a few minutes I could drop off with no problem. Follow seven beers with a couple of scotches and a thimble of good marijuana, and it’s funny how sleep just sort of comes on its own. Often I never even made it to the bed. I’d squat down to pet the cat and wake up on the floor eight hours later, having lost a perfectly good excuse to change my clothes. I’m now told that this is not called “going to sleep” but rather “passing out,” a phrase that carries a distinct hint of judgment.
Roderick Vincent, The Cause|In the underworld, reality itself has elastic properties and is capable of being stretched into different definitionsof the truth.
Susannah Sandlin, Black Diamond|Jena Sinclair had taught him a couple of things about himself in the past few minutes that he didn’t want to know.	First, sometime in the past five years, a deep fatigue had wrapped itself around him – not the fatigue that could be slept off with a soft bed and a warm blanket, but the fatigue caused by a tightened harness that restricted. That promised no end to long days and longer nights. A harness of his own making.	Cole had realized another surprising thing too. Very surprising for the man who needed nothing and no one.	He was lonely.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|Some people will bring up evolutionary biology and apes, how female apes bow to male apes - that sort of thing. But the point is this: we are not apes. Apes also live in trees and eat earthworms. We do not.
Marquis de Sade, The 120 Days of Sodom|If it is the dirty element that gives pleasure to the act of lust, then the dirtier it is, the more pleasurable it is bound to be.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Rationality: From AI to Zombies|If you once tell a lie, the truth is ever after your enemy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Corporations and their government minions are capable of anything...just look at the frauds the recent wars became known as. Hundreds of thousands killed in the name of corporate "liberation".
Imelda Marcos|Its funny, because for females in general - not just in music, but the corporate ladder as well - anything we do has always been harder for us. When it comes to music, the industry wants you to conform, to look like this and to sound like this and do this or that. It makes it harder. It's harder for us to come out and be bosses and lead the pack.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|THEY CALLED HIM “Ponce de León” because he acted as though he could conquer anything and anyone. He enchanted every young woman that came his way with piropos (pick-up lines) and clever sweet talk.  “Has spring started? I just saw the first flower!” Antonio whispered as he walked by a group of blushing young ladies, tipping off his white Panama hat as a silent ‘How do you do?’ He was never at a loss for words.  “What are you doing out this morning? Don’t you know that stars only come out at night?” was one of his favorite lines. And he had many. On a good day.
Jan Jansen|We are limited, not by our abilities, but by our vision. You gotta have a BIG vision to know what your abilities are. Don't be afraid. Fear limits YOU and YOUR VISION. It's okay to DREAM and dream BIG. KEEP YOUR DREAMS ALIVE. KEEP YOURSELF ALIVE. Don't just exist. Live. Thrive. Love. Share. Care. DARE!! ~ UNIVERSE LOVES YOU & SO DO I ❤ #StardustAK ❤
Victoria Aveyard, Glass Sword|While we are together, I will never suffer a prison again.
Zelda Fitzgerald|I don't want to live, I want to love first and live incidentally.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|from the Basement tapes Eric outdid Dylan with the apologies. To the untrained eye, he seemed sincere. The psychologists on the case found Eric less convincing. They saw a psychopath. Classic. He even pulled the stunt of self-diagnosing to dismiss it. "I wish I was a fucking sociopath so I didn't have any remorse," Eric said. "But I do."Watching that made Dr. Fuselier angry. Remorse meant a deep desire to correct a mistake. Eric hadn't done it yet. He excused his actions several times on the tapes. Fuselier was tough to rattle, but that got to him."Those are the most worthless apologies I've ever heard in my life," he said. It got more ludicrous later, when Eric willed some of his stuff to two buddies, "if you guys live.""If you live?" Fuselier repeated. "They are going to go in there and quite possibly kill their friends. If they were the least bit sorry they would not do it!
Takayuki Yamaguchi, シグルイ 15|We are the same, you and I. Whether samurai or night-hawk, the Suruga Dainagon or member of the Toudouza, it makes no difference. My sword is the proof...."These words, wrung from the very depths of his soul, surprised even Seigen himself. He had not risen in the world merely in order to satisfy his ambition, but in order to repudiate hierarchical society and the fixed class system.
Sultan bin Salman Al-Saud|This whole earth which we inhabit is but a point in space. How far apart, think you, dwell the most distant inhabitants of yonder star, the breadth of whose disk cannot be appreciated by our instruments?
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|But it was not hateful bile that was thrust from me, it was an angry hatred that can only come from those that I had been repressed over the years. It was just subtle cracks that were forming and that was my response coming through. I spoke about the lies that she had subjected the family to, and her gross laziness, expecting Dad and now me to drop everything for her, were she could just as easily get here. And no she can not say I may not be in as this was essentially a night job. It was always the same old role that she wanted to play, the wounded wife and mother, by those that supposedly loved her but this was a self opposed persona and I told her as such. I do not know who was more shocked by the change in me, me or mother. What was shocking was mother's response, that Dad had always called me the specially impossible child, mother had always focused on the impossible part, but now she could finally see why Dad had thought I was special as well. It was a moment of rapture that was disturbed by the book demanding attention, or should I say the person in the book was demanding attention? And with that the spell was broken and mother returned to her normal self, bemoaning that if I did not go visit her soon that I would be written out of the will and I meekly said I would visit soon.
M. Basilea Schlink|The human heart has a way of thinking that it is always in the right and has no need to weep over its sins. By nature, we are self-confident and impenitent. We blame others or even accuse God when we do not understand His ways.
Winona Ryder|As a medical doctor, it is my duty to evaluate the situation with as much data as I can gather and as much expertise as I have and as much experience as I have to determine whether or not the wish of the patient is medically justified.
Cornel West|To be a Christian is to live dangerously, honestly, freely - to step in the name of love as if you may land on nothing, yet to keep on stepping because the something that sustains you no empire can give you and no empire can take away.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|Arthur shook his head and sat down. He looked up.“I thought you must be dead …” he said simply.“So did I for a while,” said Ford, “and then I decided I was a lemon for a couple of weeks. I kept myself amused all that time jumping in and out of a gin and tonic.
Sipporah Joseph, Spirit Tale Five: Teacher of Knowledge|Light has a voice?” Sarucha inquired, amazed.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|It must be comforting, to have a faith like that. To believe so concretely that there’s someone—something— out there watching guard, keeping us safe, testing us only with what we can handle.
Algis Valiunas|A millenarian fire burned in Oppenheimer’s spirit, fueled by his pride as a world-historical individual, by his fear that the natural force he loosed upon the world would escape all human control, and by a pure-hearted longing to ensure that his discovery of the devastation latent in the elemental substance of the world would serve concord rather than the ultimate discord, perpetual peace rather than permanent self-destruction.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|My insides fluttered, sending curls of heat through my stomach and shivers all the way down my spine. So, this was what it was like to kiss someone.....and mean it.
Brandon David Hastings|If it's glorious to fail in great attempts, then #gloriousfail should definitely be a thing.
Stephen Richards|As much as the destination ends the journey, so it is of the dream coming true.
Elizabeth Montgomery|For he who has health has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Debasish Mridha|To reveal the beauty of life, let your tears wash away the shadows of darkness.
Irina Shayk|Everybody in my family were great storytellers. My dad and his brothers would just go on and on; they could tell amazing stories. I think it was something to do with the Celtic, oral storytelling tradition. People very much had that propensity towards telling tales.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Some day, with the last exhaustion, peace will come. It won't be the end of all things to come.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|He couldn’t see why people made such a fuss about people eating their silly old fruit anyway, but life would be a lot less fun if they didn’t. And there was never an apple, in Adam’s opinion, that wasn’t worth the trouble you got into for eating it.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Flamingo's Smile: Reflections in Natural History|Not everyone has understanding, so everyone won't understand
Neil Gaiman|Set your fantasies in the here and now and then, if challenged, claim to be writing Magical Realism.
Alexandra Adornetto|WL’s [White Liberals] think all the world’s problems can be fixed without any cost to themselves. We don’t believe that. There’s a lot to be said for sacrifice, remorse, even pity. It’s what separates us from roaches
Ted Tally, Terra Nova|When you have to made a decision, there's no return, keep this in your mind.
Donald E. Knuth|Certainly the best times were when I was alone with mathematics, free of ambition and pretense, and indifferent to the world.
Narendra Modi|The poker player learns that sometimes both science and common sense are wrong; that the bumblebee can fly; that, perhaps, one should never trust an expert; that there are more things in Heaven and Earth than are dreamt of by those with an academic bent.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Pray for your needs, not your greed.
Charles Yu, Third Class Superhero|We should like to have some towering geniuses, to reveal us to ourselves in color and fire, but of course they would have to fit into the pattern of our society and be able to take orders from sound administrative types.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|I’m not sure. But there’s something about the darkness, the stillness of this hour, I think, that creates a language of its own. There’s a strange kind of freedom in the dark; a terrifying vulnerability we allow ourselves at exactly the wrong moment, tricked by the darkness into thinking it will keep our secrets. We forget that the blackness is not a blanket; we forget that the sun will soon rise. But in the moment, at least, we feel brave enough to say things we’d never say in the light.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Down below people were clipping by going nowhere fast. You could feel the long despairing history of the place. You could actually hear it, a low hum like the buzz of a sick bee that resonated with the fragments of a million broken dreams.
Darrell Calkins|We survive largely because of the existence and recognition of high-end qualities—compassion, integrity, courage, humility, etc. These are how we perceive spirit. Even the most cynical and fatalistic bastard will snap out of self-absorption, abuse and hopelessness when confronted by an extreme expression of any one of these qualities. (Case studies show that this also applies even to rapists and murderers, not always, but more so than any other technique or therapy.) That is, beyond belief, the desire to feel good, or even hope or despair, there does exist an essential intuitive value system in each of us. This runs through and across every culture, and even every species. I don’t believe that those intuitive values are there to fool us into occupying ourselves so as to feel good while waiting for the inevitable to happen. Nature is not so decadent. Or cynical.
Kamand Kojouri|Like a pair of old slippers,I feel comfort andwarmth as I slip into you.No, that is too crude.Like the match to the wick,I ignite when we touch.My counterpart andlife's purpose.Yes, as though I've known you my whole life.Every scar, every failurehas become an affirmationof what should be:You.Yes, as though I've loved you my whole life.
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|You're nervous around me. I don't bite." He turned his head and swept a gaze over her that went from head to toe and back again. "Unless you like that sort of thing.
Nikki Rowe|The possibility to love another scared me; terrified me actually. Being a free spirit, apart of me is most alive when roaming, than I became a mother and for the first time I felt my heart live outside my body and that's the moment his laughter became my medicine.
Shannon L. Alder|Empowered Women 101: The moment you ignore bad behavior, in order to win a person's affection you have not won anything, but a person that has behavioral problems. If you couldn't fix their behavior before you won him, why could you fix him now?
Zach Galifianakis|Before I came out, I had a lot of anger. For years people would ask, 'How are you doing?' and I'd say, 'Good, fine.' It's show business, and that's what you have to show.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|When you see someone smile, does it naturally make you want to smile back? When you are irritable, do you find that people mirror your irritability? When someone yawns around you, do automatically do the same? When you hear someone celebrating, do you feel inclined to join in and celebrate too? Your responses are not forced, but instinctual and empathetic.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Reading and writing are solitary activities that increase a person’s capacity for concentration, awareness, and conceptual thought as the person weaves immediate information with stored memories.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Giovanni had awakened an itch, had released a gnaw in me. I realized it one afternoon, when I was taking him to work via the Boulevard Montparnasse. We had bought a kilo of cherries and we were eating them as we walked along. We were both insufferably childish and high-spirited that afternoon and the spectacle we presented, two grown men jostling each other on the wide sidewalk and aiming the cherry pits, as though they were spitballs, into each other's faces, must have been outrageous. And I realized that such childishness was fantastic at my age and the happiness out of which it sprang yet more so; for that moment I really loved Giovanni, who had never seemed more beautiful than he was that afternoon.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|In this place a mind was at work to negate the image of a free and intact man. It intended to rely on man power in the same way that it had relied on horsepower. It wanted units to be equal and divisable, and for that purpose man had to be destroyed as the horse had already been destroyed.
Pamela Branch, The Wooden Overcoat|Worry acts like a squatter, sneaks in and tries to stay without paying rent!" EL.
David Bajo|Do you think people love having jobs, Sylvia asks Peter in  because they offer a condoned but false responsibility that masks, for at least eight hours a day, true responsibility?
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|It shouldn’t surprise us…to find that prayer is not finally about getting things from God, but getting God.
Laure Lacornette|If only stupid people could have the mere intelligence to shut up while discussing serious matter, the world would go along so much better !
S. Kelley Harrell, Gift of the Dreamtime - Reader's Companion|Healing is active involvement in your process, ongoing.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|America runs on credit darling. Why do you worry, our credit will take care of this payment. It is not saving or cash in hand that matters. We do not need cash, we just need potential. The system in the US believes in potential. That isthe model of the future. You need not be born rich, but you should be in the league that can make it big.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|In moments like these, offering up his heart at the hour that night flowers offer up their perfume, lit up like a lamp in the middle of the starry night, full of ecstasy in the middle of the universal radiance of creation, he could not perhaps have said himself what was happening in his spirit; he felt something soar up out of him and something fly down into him. Mysterious exchanges between the bottomless well of the soul and the bottomless well of the universe!
Riz Ahmed|The respect for human rights is nowadays not so much a matter of having international standards, but rather questions of compliance with those standards.
Jaron Lanier|The mandate for the CTO's office is to unleash the power of technology, data, and innovation on behalf of the nation. The CTO's office is really trying to bring best practices, possibilities, pilots, and policy advising.
Bascomb James, Far Orbit: Speculative Space Adventures|One of the things that I have learned, one of the attainments of the long travails and tribulations, has been, I think, coming to a simpler sense of myself that I think correlates to a simpler sense of others. Something closer to what I now call the simple sense of being human, a sort of Wallace Stevens-esque formulation. I know that I can reach this in the audience, because when they start hearing a story, they wake up in this very clear, simple way. Almost like children. It’s the same thing: a child asks, “What’s going to happen next?” When they sense that a story is being told to them, they wake up. When they sense that it’s not being told anymore, they lose interest. I take this very seriously, because the sacred trust that allows openness is the precondition of the kind of exchange I want to have, the kind of relationship that I want to have. I don’t want to test that simple sense of being human. I don’t want to transform it.
I. Murphy Lewis|Sharing our story is one way we create intimacy. And like a good novel, it’s more engaging – and lasting – when we allow it to gradually unfold.
John Muir, The Story of My Boyhood and Youth|When I was a child in Scotland, I was fond of everything that was wild, and all my life I've been growing fonder and fonder of wild places and wild creatures. Fortunately, around my native town of Dunbar, by the stormy North Sea, there was no lack of wildness...
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Any relationship that developed power dynamics, where she thought she had the right to dictate someone else's behavior or have him dictate hers, was ended almost immediately. She could not stand the thought of hands on her that presumed she belonged to them.
Mike Bond, The Last Savanna|One by one and then together the birds chanted, warbled, whistled, and cooed, like a rare desert plant bursting into life after the rain.
Immanuel Kant, Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals|Inexperienced in the course of world affairs and incapable of being prepared for all the chances that happen in it, I ask myself only 'Can you also will that your maxim should become a universal law?' Where you cannot it is to be rejected...
Art Blakey|In art, the obvious is a sin.
Saru Singhal|If a relationship comes with conditions apply, it's not worth having.
Lesslie Newbigin, The other side of 1984|The nation state has taken the place of God. Responsibilities for education, healing and public welfare which had formerly rested with the Church devolved more and more upon the nation state ... National governments are widely assumed to be responsible for and capable of providing those things which former generations thought only God could provide - freedom from fear, hunger, disease and want - in a word: "happiness".
Rick Perlstein, The Invisible Bridge: The Fall of Nixon and the Rise of Reagan|Presidents are also always storytellers, purveyors of useful national mythologies.
Rachel Gibson, True Confessions|I feel like I should probably ask you to leave. But I don’t really want you to go. I want you to stay, but I know you shouldn’t.- Hope
Atul Gawande, Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance|At a cardiac arrest, the first procedure is to take your own pulse
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|What makes the prospect of death distinctive in the modern age is the background of permanent technological and sociological revolution against which it is set, and which serves to strip us of any possible faith in the permanence of our labours. Our ancestors could believe that their achievements had a chance of bearing up against the flow of events. We know time to be a hurricane. Our buildings, our sense of style, our ideas, all of these will soon enough be anachronisms, and the machines in which we now take inordinate pride will seem no less bathetic than Yorick's skull.
Debasish Mridha|Education is a savings account that you fill by learning and by spending. Even if you spend for the rest of your life, it will only grow to give you joy.
John Locke|I never worked hard until I got to the Howard Law School and met Charlie Houston... I saw this man's dedication, his vision, his willingness to sacrifice, and I told myself, 'You either shape up or ship out.' When you are being challenged by a great human being, you know that you can't ship out.
Christina Engela, Loderunner|If a man exists who is immune to force, even if he's the most blameless anchorite living on top of a column in the middle of the desert, he is beyond government, beyond authority, and cannot be controlled; and that would be intolerable.
Mary Casanova, Grace|When you travel, there really are no mistakes--just learning opportunities.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|How little our careers express what lies in us, and yet how much time they take up. It's sad, really.
Geoffrey Wood|To win, you have to believe you will win.
Annabel Joseph, Cirque de Minuit|Bone Daddy.That's what they called him. A walking talking well-hung pleasure factory who, with a few easy orgasms, could bring you whatever your heart desired. Your boyfriend would propose, your boss would give you a raise. Rumor had it he could heal your scars, inside and out. If you satisfied his lust.
Ariel Sharon|The strength that I have comes from irrigating the citrus plantation, ploughing in the vineyard, guarding the melon fields at night. I believe that's what gave me the strength.
Ron Paul, Liberty Defined: 50 Essential Issues That Affect Our Freedom|It’s amazing that people don’t understand that the more the market is involved and the smaller the government, the lower the price, the better the distribution, and the higher the quality.
Anthony T.Hincks|The oceans and seas are forces which, if you forget, they will gladly remind you.
Hannah Arendt, Between Past and Future|We first become aware of freedom or its opposite in our intercourse with others, not in the intercourse with ourselves.
Brandon Anthony Lukstein|Maybe the answer to all of his problems was nothing more than a darkened sky and a glittering city, a lofty perch above the world below. It seemed entirely possible that it was all just a matter of setting and location, and Peter wondered why he hadn't thought of it before.
Pokemon|The circumstances of one's birth is irrelevant, it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are.
Sanhita Baruah|From childhood's hour I have not been As others were; I was differentI was not raised; as others wereMy passions from a common sense of ideas. From the same source I have taken Thus, this is art that connects mankind My pains; I could not awaken Resurrected, because in art there's creativity My heart too complacent at the same rate; And all I loved indeed, I loved alone.I am alone.
Woody Allen|To love is to suffer. To avoid suffering one must not love. But then one suffers from not loving. Therefore, to love is to suffer; not to love is to suffer; to suffer is to suffer. To be happy is to love. To be happy, then, is to suffer, but suffering makes one unhappy. Therefore, to be happy one must love or love to suffer or suffer from too much happiness.
Zachary Quinto|I have no fear of being less beautiful, I've always been afraid of not being beautiful.
Agatha Christie|One can't do anything without a man. Men know so much, and are able to get information in so many ways that are simply impossible to women.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|Love those wrongdoers, they need it more than you.
Jennifer A. Doudna, A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and the Unthinkable Power to Control Evolution|As we began discussing authorship of a white paper summarizing our conclusions, we debated who our target audience should be and what kind of outcome we were hoping to achieve.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Autumn is a cunning muse who steals by degrees my warmth and light. So distracted by her glorious painting of colors, I scarcely realize my losses until the last fiery leaf has fallen to the ground and the final pumpkin shrinks. Autumn departs with a cold kiss, leaving me to suffer the frigid grasp of winter in prolonged nightfall.
Lee Myung-bak|Maybe you will be afraid and maybe you will fail, but the courage to take risks in any part of your life is, I feel, a very worthwhile way to live.
Louisa May Alcott|Human beings are born into this little span of life of which the best thing is its friendships and intimacies ... and yet they leave their friendships and intimacies with no cultivation  to grow as they will by the roadside  expecting them to "keep" by force of mere inertia.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Exiled Queen|Whoa, Rebecca," Talia said smiling even wider, "Walking on the wild side, are we?"Raisa seemed to think the situation needed more explaining. "He - uh - I'm tutoring him.""She is," Han said solemnly. "She's very good. I'm learning a lot."Pearlie snickered. "What's she teaching you?""Well," Han said, "we're jumping around a lot.
M.E. Thomas, Confessions of a Sociopath: A Life Spent Hiding in Plain Sight|One nurse thought I was "brave." I think she was talking about my steely-eyed, grin-and-bear-it kind of attitude. There were no tears, no complaints from me - a total lack of affect. In a victim, it is courage and thus admirable; in a predator, it is a lack of humanity and instills fear.
Victor Shklovsky|He looked at me with the tired, ignorant, slightly stupid expression that is so common in people who aren't used to seeing the broader picture in small things.
Jack Campbell, The Dragons of Dorcastle|The more power you use--the more detailed the observation of your specimen.The more power you have, the narrower your field of vision.Exactly, you say. The more power you have, my friends, the less you see of the whole.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Since the effects of your life that lead to pain and annoyance are always consequences of inner elements, what you commonly regard as “problems” are more accurately seen as outer symptoms of inner, causal problems. The practical approach is to begin looking at those specific aspects of your life that are not as you desire to find their source, rooted in your mindset.
Jane Kenyon, Collected Poems|To the bottle in the ditch, to the scoopin the oats, to air in the lunglet evening come.Let it come, as it will, and don'tbe afraid. God does not leave uscomfortless, so let evening come.
Richelle E. Goodrich|And what about your brother, Agus? Will he be entertaining us with his pipes?”	“Ahgg,” Shanks rasped, wrinkling his nose. “I didn’t tell you? He ain’t with us no more.” A heavy fist slammed on the arm of the Viidun’s chair as he growled, “The idiot went off and got himself killed!” 	“What?” Derian and Eena replied in unison, both horrified by the news.	“You heard me,” Shanks bellowed. “The crazy fool should’ve known when to duck. He died in a bloody challenge with some brainless Deramptium! A downright disgraceful way to die! I’m ashamed to say he was my brother!”	“That’s a little harsh, isn’t it?” Eena muttered, mostly speaking to Derian.	“What was that?” the Viidun dem
William Robertson Smith|Galileo was no idiot. Only an idiot could believe that science requires martyrdom - that may be necessary in religion, but in time a scientific result will establish itself.
Tony Osborg, Can Nigeria Bake Her Own Bread?|To survive in a corrupt country, you need to be the son of a king or be king yourself.
Rory McIlroy|A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Evy Michaels|If you judge art by its cover, you efface the very essence of it
Epicurus|Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots.
Michael   Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship That Changed Our Minds|It took me a long time to realize that when someone is not sorry for their behavior, that's their problem, not mine... I'll forgive them anyway, for me. Sometimes forgiveness is loving yourself enough to move on.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|Almost more than talent you need tenacity, and an infinite capacity for rejection, if you are to succeed.
John Lennon|Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.
Shelly Crane, Significance|She saw the scarlet thread of her lips, the light in her eyes, the family through their love, their children running barefoot in a fresh field.
Dara Horn, The World to Come|Most of the other visitors were chained to their audio guides, looking only at what their little headsets told them was worth seeing.
Terry Spear, Dragon Fae|Cassie spoke up, "He is like Peter Pan and the Lost Boys." ...Tameron said "No one is lost here. And we have just as many girls, well, maybe not as many as we have boys, but a fair amount. Who is this Peter Pan you speak of? A hero?" he asked Cassie.Alicia spoke up then ... "He led a group of boys in a world of adventure on an island paradise."Tameron looked at Cassie to see if she agreed. She smiled and nodded."This Peter Pan was real?" he asked."No, he was a fairy... uhm, tale," Cassie said.Tameron smiled. "I like the idea. I'll have to read it sometime...
Simon S. Tam|Roughly speaking: to say of two things that they are identical is nonsense, and to say of one thing that it is identical with itself is to say nothing.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|And though it's a bleak thing to admit all these years later, still I've never met anyone who made me feel loved the way she did. Everything came alive in her company; she cast a charmed theatrical light about her so that to see anything through her eyes was to see it in brighter colors than ordinary.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|As Commander in Chief of the United States Military, I will never send our sons and daughters and our brothers and sisters to die in a foreign land without telling the truth about why they're going there.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|Life makes fools of us all sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, it's our own expectations that crush us." -- from Skippy Dies
Marcus Samuelsson|I'm hoping that these next 20 years will show what we did 20 years ago in sequencing the first human genome, was the beginning of the health revolution that will have more positive impact in people's lives than any other health event in history.
Jay     Long|Second chances are not that important. What's important, is being ready when the first chance is given.
Dario Argento|We try to live by the secret of sevens. A friend, who has been married for over 40 years, told us about this magic. Make and keep a date every seven days, take a night away alone, for yourself, every seven weeks, and schedule an adult-only vacation every seven months.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|He leaned against her, pressing his shoulder into hers. "Don't be mad at me," he said, sighing. "It makes me crazy.""I'm never mad at you," she said."Right.""I'm not.""You must just be mad near me a lot.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|... male company, sheer complicit male company: the complicity of males which is like, indeed is, a kind of complicity in crime, in chauvinism, in getting away with things, in just gluttonously enjoying the present even if hell is all around.
Cassie Mae, How to Date a Nerd|These are her accomplishments. Challenges she's lived through. Shithead was just along for the ride. In the background. Like wallpaper. You can change the color of the walls anytime, and it might look different, but the room's still the same.
Laura Kreitzer, Forsaken Harbor|Yeye shifted in her seat as Roma stared down at her angrily. “There are inter-realm laws I must abide by, that the soul must abide by as well when it comes to an appointed manifestation. Whoever was in the world before can not go into the new world. That identity must be forsaken. It must—”“Forsaken or forgotten?” Roma barked. “Forsaken,” Yeye answered. “Unless you’re putting this soul into a blank state like that of a child, it can not be forgotten. It has to be forsaken. That’s the rule or you get no soul.” “So you’re telling me that this soul will remember but will never be able to be that person it was?” Roma asked. “I’m telling you a new memory must be formed with absolutely no reference to the previous.” “What the freak is that?” Roma asked, visibly agitated. “You can form new memories while holding on to preexisting ones.” Yeye stood. “Yes Roma, you’re right. But you can also form new memories while you are unable to access the previous ones.” “Such it would have a drive that belongs to it but would never be able to access or be forbidden to access it?” Roma asked. Yeye’s voice was low. “I’m afraid that’s the way it is going to have to be.” Roma shook his head vehemently. “Exactly which way is that Yeye. Exactly which way is that in common terms?” Yeye spoke in her most resolute tone yet. “You will never be able to know whether or not this soul is Mara.” Roma gained silence, breathing in and out rapidly. “We’re getting out of this damned Zharfar,” he said as he stormed out.
Yahoo Serious|Alliances and international organizations should be understood as opportunities for leadership and a means to expand our influence, not as constraints on our power.
Ann Coulter|From the people who brought you "zero tolerance," I present the Gun-Free Zone! Yippee! Problem solved! Bam! Bam! Everybody down! Hey, how did that deranged loner get a gun into this Gun-Free Zone?
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|...nobody was ever really ready to turn off their mother's machine, no matter what they thought; to turn off the light of their childhood and walk away, just as if they were turning out a light and leaving a room.
Dinah Katt, Once Upon a Time Travel|I mean, were you born a freak?” I asked. I flinched at my own words. I didn’t mean to be rude it just came out that way. The girl rolled her eyes to me. “I don’t know. Were you born stupid?” Okay, maybe I deserved that. “Yeah, probably.
Joan Didion|Grief turns out to be a place none of us know until we reach it...We might expect that we will be prostrate, inconsolable, crazy with loss. We do not expect to be literally crazy, cool customers who believe that their husband is about to return and need his shoes. In the version of grief we imagine, the model will be 'healing.' A Certain forward movement will prevail. The worst days will be the earliest days. We imagine that the moment to most severely test us will be the funeral, after which this hypothetical healing will take place. When we anticipate the funeral we wonder about failing to 'get through it,' rise to the occasion, exhibit the 'strength' that invariably gets mentioned as the correct response to death. We anticipate needing to steel ourselves for the moment: will I be able to greet people, will I be able to leave the scene, will I be able even to get dressed that day? We have no way of knowing that this will not be the issue. We have no way of knowing that the funeral itself will be anodyne, a kind of narcotic regression in which we are wrapped in the care of others and the gravity and meaning of the occasion. Nor can we know ahead of the fact the unending absence that follows, the void, the very opposite of meaning, the relentless succession of moments during which we will confront the experience of meaninglessness itself.
Unarine Ramaru|The time is not there for us to act any more, the time we waited for is here right now for us to act brightly and create a bright future, for the future coming generations.
Dick Eastman|Prayer is the ascending vapor which supplies The showers of blessing  and the stream that flows Through earth's dry places  till on every side "The wilderness shall blossom as the rose."
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|The important thing to remember, ... is that you are a human being and worthy of respect.
Judith Krantz, Scruples|Did she make you laugh? Did she love you as much as you loved her? Did she protect you and warm you and keep you from suffering? Valentine turned her eyes away from him, unable to face the empty answer in his face but not wanting to stop saying what she had thought for so long. "I saw how fascinating her mystery was to you. For my part, I think that the mystery is always greatest where there is the most-emptiness. A person full of life is never mysterious, on the contrary.
Robert Musil, The Confusions of Young Törless|Es gibt immer einen Punkt dabei, wo man nicht mehr weiß, ob man lügt oder ob das, was man erfunden hat, wahrer ist als man selber.
ANIKOR Daniel|As a family, we love, we share, we play, we laugh, we fight, we are frank about the truth and we live.
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|They turned their desks into a trigonometric war room, poring over equations scrawling ideas on blackboards, evaluating their work, erasing it, starting over.
Antonin Scalia|The truth cannot be deceptive, and one who sees it cannot be deceived.
Edward Abbey|Anarchism is not a romantic fable but the hardheaded realization, based on five thousand years of experience, that we cannot entrust the management of our lives to kings, priests, politicians, generals, and county commissioners.
Anne Wilson Schaef|It turns out that advancing equal opportunity and economic empowerment is both morally right and good economics, because discrimination, poverty and ignorance restrict growth, while investments in education, infrastructure and scientific and technological research increase it, creating more good jobs and new wealth for all of us.
Roger Ebert|Being a mom, it feels like I did something so powerful and amazing. It's such a gigantic blessing, and a confirmation that the Creator exists. And all of that has made me feel sexier and stronger. I call it 'lava in my spine.'
Kathy Hatfield, Secret Storms: A Mother and Daughter, Lost then Found|A mother's lap is the strongest hub and school of each religion. In other words, the mother breezes and waves the religion since she is the religion.
Anna Zabo, Takeover|The way she’d whispered this told him she was thinking about some of her less favorite attributes and how she could never see herself viewing them as assets. Women were so fucking hard on themselves. “Bailey, you are who you are, like no other. Embrace it.
Martin Scorsese|The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come.
Michael Moss|I wasn't interested in politics. My attitude about it was, I can't make a difference no matter what I do. And the truth is, I don't even care enough to try.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|But perhaps it is always so, that men form their conceptions from fictitious, conventional types, and then—all the combinations made—they are tired of the fictitious figures and begin to invent more natural, true figures.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|There’s another story I know. This one doesn’t have any swords or visions. This one is about a boy who found a girl during a terrible time.” “How did it turn out?” “I don’t know, but I do know the boy doesn’t regret it. Not a minute. No matter how it turns out. Because he’s been waiting for this girl from the time she was born, and if it takes another thousand years to meet her again, he’d wait again. Whatever it takes.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God’s eyes readily see beyond our actions, for our actions are simply fear and selfishness pretending to be us.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Abandon your resentments, they keep you small.
Christopher McCandless|I've learned over the years to appreciate God's timing, and you can't rush things; it's gonna happen exactly when it's supposed to.
|When your journey to success gets extremely tough, use your past accomplishments as your motivation to keep pushing forward. You did it in the past, and you can also do it again in the present, and in the future.
Diana Gabaldon|Why?" I shrieked, hitting him again and again, and again, the sound of the blows thudding against his chest. "Why, why why!".Because I was afraid!" He got hold of my wrists and threw me backward so I fell across the bed. He stood over me, fists clenched, breathing hard.I am a coward, damn you! I couldna tell ye, for fear ye would leave me, and unmanly thing that I am, I thought I couldna bear that!"~~~~~~~~~You should have told me!"And if I had?, You'd have turned on your heel and gone without a word. And having seen ye again--I tell ye, I would ha' done far worse than lie to keep you!"Voyager
Sara Sheridan|The question shouldn't be, 'Are we guilty about our Colonial past?' it should be, 'Why aren't we more guilty about our corporate present?
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|The fact is, that what de Sade was trying to bring to the surface of the conscious mind was precisely the thing that revolted that mind . . . From the very first he set before the consciousness things which it could not tolerate.
Charlie Chaplin|In the end, everything is a gag.
Charles Fillmore|My drawing, like that of most cartoonists, is intended first of all to be functional: to create believable space and communicate information. My strongest point in drawing has always been my ability to show characters' nonverbal communication through facial expression and posture.
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 5: Lonely City|Did you ever want to set someone's head on fire, just to see what it looked like? Did you ever stand in the street and think to yourself, I could make that nun go blind just by giving her a kiss? Did you ever lay out plans for stitching babies and stray cats into a Perfect New Human? Did you ever stand naked surrounded by people who want your gleaming sperm, squirting frankincense, soma and testosterone from every pore? If so, then you're the bastard who stole my drugs Friday night. And I'll find you. Oh, yes.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|We cannot let our hurts, fears, and prejudices get in the way of God’s calling for our lives.
John Steinbeck|Negotiating isn't about getting what you want or giving in to what the other party wants. It's not an 'either/or situation.' It's about having both parties walk away satisfied. Over the years in both business and life, I've had to learn this hard lesson.
Debasish Mridha|That's the thing about love, you have to get lost to find someone you can trust.
C.S. Lewis|My argument against God was that the universe seemed so cruel and unjust. But how had I got this idea of just and unjust? A man does not call a line crooked unless he has some idea of a straight line. What was I comparing this universe with when I called it unjust? If the whole show was bad and senseless from A to Z, so to speak, why did I, who was supposed to be part of the show, find myself in such a violent reaction against it?... Of course I could have given up my idea of justice by saying it was nothing but a private idea of my own. But if i did that, then my argument against God collapsed too--for the argument depended on saying the world was really unjust, not simply that it did not happen to please my fancies. Thus, in the very act of trying to prove that God did not exist - in other words, that the whole of reality was senseless - I found I was forced to assume that one part of reality - namely my idea of justice - was full of sense. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning: just as, if there were no light in the universe and therefore no creatures with eyes, we should never have known it was dark. Dark would be without meaning.
G.M. Ford, Who in Hell Is Wanda Fuca?|I was just a little buckaroo when they first invited me to Marlboro Country. I loved being a cowboy; and smoking seemed to fit right in with riding, roping and wrangling. But once I got to where the Flavor was, it would take me four decades to find a trail out of Nicotine Canyon. I finally ran out of reasons to smoke...when I ran out of air...
Carrie Preston|After I had the Caesarean, I was told I had really strong stomach muscles and so would heal very quickly. And I did. I was up walking about within three hours. Six days after having her, I was out shopping and shortly after that I made it to David Walliams' wedding.
Nikita Dudani|I prefer you to be rainy than the rainbow , although the rain makes you sad but rainbow only make you happy for a while
Najib Razak|I love Miami; I miss it so much. I miss the beach, the peace it brings you. I love the sound and smell of the sea.
Reba McEntire|Pictorial is something that I am not used to. You have to pose, smile, bend your arm, straighten up, look to the left.
RJ Blizzard|When the reward is not worth it, when you have to force yourself to do it, when you start changing because of it, and when you just simply loathe it, that is when you should realize that there is nothing for you in it.
Rainer Maria Rilke|He was a precocious and delicate little boy, quivering with the malaise of being unloved. When we played, his child's heart would come into its own, and the troubled world where his vague hungers went unfed and mothers and fathers were dim and far away--too far away to ever reach in and touch the sore place and make it heal--would disappear, along with the world where I was not sufficiently muscled or sufficiently gallant to earn my own regard.
Margaret Atwood, MaddAddam|Men may be the head of the house, but the women are the neck, and they can turn the head any way they want.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed, but our power to do so is increased.
J.M. Colail, Wes and Toren|Good luck on your test.”“I’m gonna ace it for sure!” I said, rolling to Wesley’s side of thebed and pulling the sheet up.“Don’t I know it,” he smiled, and then slapped the doorframe. “Ohyeah. If Gus calls, just tell him I was balls-deep in your ass and that I’mon my way now.
Daniel Keyes|Neuroscientists have discovered that when you ask the brain to meditate, it gets better not just at meditating, but at a wide range of self-control skills, including attention, focus, stress management, impulse control, and self-awareness.
Rom Amor|Death. I have fed that foul beast a feast, and yet it still hungers. I have killed… many. My hands are covered in blood that will not wash out, blood that will stain them for as long as I draw breath.
Robert Toombs|Let it be immediately added, however, that this economic independence and prosperity has always been absolutely associated in the American mind with free political institutions.
Sarah Parcak|Just by making a decision to stay out of politics, you are making the decision to allow others to shape politics and exert power over you. And if you are alienated from the current political system, then just by staying out of it, if you do nothing to change it, you simply entrench it.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|If the writer believes that our life is and will remain essentially mysterious, if he looks upon us as beings existing in a created order to whose laws we freely respond, then what he sees on the surface will be of interest to him only as he can go through it into an experience of mystery itself. His kind of fiction will always be pushing its own limits outward toward the limits of mystery, because for this kind of writer, the meaning of a story does not begin except at a depth where adequate motivation and adequate psychology and the various determinations have been exhausted. Such a writer will be interested in what we don't understand rather than in what we do. He will be interested in possibility rather than probability. He will be interested in characters who are forced out to meet evil and grace and who act on a trust beyond themselves—whether they know clearly what it is they act upon or not.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wall-Paper|John laughs at me, of course, but one expects that in marriage.
Stephen Richards|You cannot “catch” anything unless you think you can, and thinking you can is inviting it to you with your thought. You are also inviting illness if you are listening to people talking about their illness. As you listen, you are giving all your thought and focus to illness, and when you give all of your thought to something, you are asking for it.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|See!” Dad yelled. “Boys don’t stay with whores, Bianca. They leave them. And I’m not going to let you turn into a whore. Not my daughter. This is for your own good.”I looked up as he reached a hand down to grab my arm. I squeezed my eyes shut, waiting to feel his fingers clamp around my forearm.But they never did.I heard a loud thud, and Dad grunted in pain. My eyes flew open. Wesley moved away from Dad, who was massaging his jaw with a shocked look on his face. “Why you little shithead!”“Are you all right?” Wesley asked, kneeling in front of me.“Did you just punch my dad?” I couldn’t help but wonder if I was delirious. Had all of this really just happened? Totally bizarre.“Yes,” Wesley admitted.“How dare you touch me!” Dad screamed, but he was having trouble balancing enough to approach us again. “How dare you fuck my daughter, then hit me, you son of a bitch!”I’d never heard my father swear like that before.“Come on,” Wesley said, helping me to my feet. “Let’s get out of here. You’re coming with me.” He wrapped an arm around me, pulling me close against his warm body, and ushered me out the open door.
John Darnielle|As an actor, whether I'm playing Othello on stage or David Estes on 'Homeland,' that ability to give into your imagination is something that I enjoy.
George Orwell, 1984|It's only amatter of time, and God's timming never second best
Ramana Pemmaraju|I'm not a writer, I just express in words!
Douglas Adams|Technology moves so fast and social media moves so fast because everyone wants the new thing, but also, everyone wants to be where their parents are not. Once the mom got a Facebook and a Twitter and an Instagram, I don't want to be there anymore.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Fortune gives too much to many, enough to none. Lat., Fortuna multis dat nimis, satis nulli.]
Marita Golden, Migrations of the Heart|To my father, who told me the stories that matter. To my mother, who taught me to remember them.
Ben Lerner, The Hatred of Poetry|Poetry arises from the desire to get beyond the finite and the historical—the human world of violence and difference—and to reach the transcendent or divine. You're moved to write a poem, you feel called upon to sing, because of that transcendent impulse. But as soon as you move from that impulse to the actual poem, the song of the infinite is compromised by the finitude of its terms.
S.L.Jennings|You have chastised me, demeaned me and dismantled me, before bringing me back to life. Who would have thought all of this was possible in a grotty cubicle of the men’s room? You hold me there for some time whilst we both catch our breath. Tentatively I raise one hand from the wall and claw at your dark, luscious hair behind me. I love these tender moments between us just as much as the kinky, depraved ones.
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Shiver of Light|Perhaps it is easy for men to start a conversation by admiring women. Many times they may not mean it, but still they say it. Women may not believe it, but still they like to believe it.
Trushti Raval|I am in Love with you, it’s me who is in love with you not you,I am in love with you.Not in a way I wanted to but yeah the way I am fond toHey I am in love with you,not treating you like I wanted to but just being the one that thought of toyeah I am in love with you,Loving you was the secrete I wanted to keepand buried deep inside my emotional heap,Doing everything possible what I had toBut baby it hurts as it hurts you too,but yeah still I am in love with you,Pulled myself million times because I got the wrong vibes all the time,But the truth remains the samebaby hear me as I am in love with you,Waiting on you I could see people were laughing on meI knew all the while you weren't near me.But you should know that I am in love with youThere were some days I missed you a lot and scared to tell you how i feel cold and hotfor you as I am in love with you is the only dreamAnd then I am in love with youI remember I have cried to sleepand bagged myself to keep you awayfrom the highest steepthe voice that said from within me I am in love with youJust I LOVE YOU was the only words I wanna hear from youeven while knowing, you don’t mean toBecause simply I feel the way I wanted toLoving to say I am in love with you.wake up in the morning with only you in my mind till I sleep at deep way in the nightI know its all silly things for your kindbut its perfect to me as clearly - deeply in love with youWhen you being nice to me that scares me sometimesbut bottom in my heart it feels so nice because during that timeI am in love with you,Doesn't matter whatever I do with you even things i have never done beforeand i enjoyed them all because simply as I am in love with you.In the first waiting on you was the favorite thing in my dayweather it s a call or just a look from you from the farthest bayI asked myself why and the voice within me said that I am in love with you.
Grady McWhiney, Cracker Culture: Celtic Ways in the Old South|A determined Yankee book drummer once told a Southerner that 'a set of books on scientific agriculture' would teach him to 'farm twice as good as you do.' To which the Southerner replied: 'Hell, son, I don't farm half as good as I know how now.
Farahad Zama|Abba, you may not like it, but what I'm doing is important. If you don't agree, then I'm sorry. I can't do anything about it.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|For us to regard others as worthy, we have to begin by regarding ourselves as worthy.
Sean Michael, Mannies Incorporated|You need anything we're only an hour away, give or take, honey. You call. We'll help you hide the body.
David Mamet|We believe the singularity is inevitable, and all businesses will be redefined as computers overtake humans in intelligence.
Mike Ditka|Health is the soul that animates all the enjoyments of life, which fade and are tasteless without it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Eat right. It’s not just about too much or too little food. Eating right means knowing the right selection of foods with the right nutrient content and in the right quantities, taken at the right frequencies to maintain a healthy body and mind.
Unarine Ramaru|There is nothing wrong with dreaming, but there is everything wrong with dreaming without any intention to make the dream a reality.
Donna Leon, Quietly in Their Sleep|..if you put people on a diet, they start thinking about food. Or if you make someone stop smoking, all they think about is cigarettes. It seems logical enough to me that if you tell a person he can't have sex, he's going to be obsessive about the subject. Then to give him the power to tell other people how to run their sex lives, well, that's just asking for trouble. In a way, it's like having a blind person teach Art History, isn't it?
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|If you play smart, you may achieve your target without using up all your resources.
Dalai Lama XIV|This is my simple religion. No need for temples. No need for complicated philosophy. Your own mind, your own heart is the temple. Your philosophy is simple kindness.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Little people make tall claims. As being this-that avatar or messiah. Some even say they're God. Well, if they are, I'm their grand-pop.
Tania Aebi, I've Been Around|You should always control the strengths you have available to you, never let them languish or, worse, allow others to control them for you.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest|I ... having filled my life with the spiritual blessings Christianity gave me, brimful of these blessings and living by them, I, like a child, not understanding them, destroy them -- that is, I wish to destroy that by which I live.
C. JoyBell C.|All sorrows in life stem from the lack of cake. If you had your own cake, you wouldn't bother trying to take away the other person's cake! And, if the cake you had were beautiful enough, you wouldn't bother trying to melt the icing on that other person's cake! And if you always had a very beautiful cake that was always beautiful enough, then you would have a smile on your face all the time and wouldn't even care if other people were enjoying their own cakes! Because you'd be enjoying yours, too! Therefore, I hereby decree that all sorrows can be fixed by many beautiful cakes! Bake a cake!
Thea Harrison, Moonshadow|He comes with those in his employ, to watch, gathering evidence and confession. His success speaks of a countryside rife with evil, an intemperate plague of witches . . .
Renee Cefalu|Love is like a match to a wick. It takes that right combination to strike a flame. But once the flame is there, it can either give warmth, die out or burn your world to ashes. Even kill you. It’s how you sustain the flame, feed it, and moderate the amount of energy in balance.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Grace for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|Let no one take the limited, narrow position that any of the works of man can help in the least possible way to liquidate the debt of his transgression. This is a fatal deception. If you would understand it, you must cease haggling over your pet ideas, and with humble hears survey the atonement.  This matter is so dimly comprehended that thousands upon thousands claiming to be sons of God are children of the wicked one, because they will depend on their own works. God always demanded good works, the law demands it, but because man placed himself in sin where his good works were valueless, Jesus' righteousness alone can avail. Christ is able to save to the uttermost because He ever liveth to make intercession for us.  All man can possibly do toward his own salvation is to accept the invitation, "Whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely.
E. O. Wilson|Aim high and don't sell yourself short. Know that you're capable. Understand that a lot of people battle with a lot of things - depression, body image or whatever else - so know that it's not just you. You're not alone.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Poverty will not take you to heaven, just repent of it and get rich, then you'll trek into heaven like a king.
Patrick Chan|You start realizing that maybe you're the one night a month that people have out, and they don't need to hear your political views or how dark you can get. They just want to laugh for an hour and go home. Once I wrapped my head around that, my act evolved accordingly.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|In some parts of the world, students are going to school every day. It's their normal life. But in other part of the world, we are starving for education... it's like a precious gift. It's like a diamond.
P.D. James, The Black Tower|Before he turned again the to the car his eye was caught by a small clump of unknown flowers. The pale pinkish white heads rose from a mossy pad on top of the wall and trembled delicately in the light breeze. Dalgliesh walked over and stood stock still, regarding in silence their unpretentious beauty. He smelt for the first time the clean half-illusory salt tang of the sea. The air moved warm and gentle against his skin. He was suddenly suffused with happiness and, as always in these rare transitory moments, intrigued by the pure physical nature of his joy. It moved along his veins, a gentle effervescence. Even to analyse its nature was to lose hold of it. But he recognized it for what it was, the first clear intimation since his illness that life could be good.
Raymond E. Feist, King of Foxes|[A man] finds himself forced by necessity to borrow money. He knows that he will not be able to repay it, but sees also that nothing will be lent to him unless he promises stoutly to repay it in definite time. He desires to make this promise, but he has still so much conscience as to ask himself: Is it not unlawful and inconsistent with duty to get out of a difficulty in this way? Suppose, however, that he resolves to do so, then the maxim of his action would be expressed thus: When I think myself in want of money, I will borrow money and promise to repay it, although I know that I never can do so. Now this principle of self-love or of one's own advantage may perhaps be consistent with my whole future welfare; but the question now is, Is it right? I change then the suggestion of self-love into a universal law, and state the question thus: How would it be if my maxim were a universal law? Then I see at once that it could never hold as a universal law of nature, but would necessarily contradict itself. For supposing it to be a universal law that everyone when he thinks himself in a difficulty should be able to promise whatever he pleases, with the purpose of not keeping his promise, the promise itself would become impossible, as well as the end that one might have in view in it, since no one would consider that anything was promised to him, but would ridicule all such statements as vain pretenses.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
Douglas Self|A smile can express more than a thousand feelings, but to me The Unknown, its the deadliest weapon i was created with and have control over
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|i dont live in a fantasy; just a dream, that's to hard for some to believe.
Ivinela Samuilova, Къде отиваш, пътнико?|Дойдох на Камино, защото страдах, че никой не ме обича. И днес, пред железния кръст горе, за пръв път в живота си се замислих колко болезнено трябва да е за Бог, че ние не Го обичаме.
Charles Evers|Your actions, and your action alone, determines your worth.
Caroline Kepnes, Hidden Bodies|Love is not a spaceship you construct and then fly off together into the stars. Love is a soap bubble that bursts in the air. Love is the first winter snowflake that falls into you palm, a mirage that glows in the sun and fades in the shadows.
Bill Bryson, Notes from a Small Island|I know this goes without saying, but Stonehenge really was the most incredible accomplishment. It took five hundred men just to pull each sarsen, plus a hundred more to dash around positioning the rollers. Just think about it for a minute. Can you imagine trying to talk six hundred people into helping you drag a fifty-ton stone eighteen miles across the countryside and muscle it into an upright position, and then saying, 'Right, lads! Another twenty like that, plus some lintels and maybe a couple of dozen nice bluestones from Wales, and we can party!' Whoever was the person behind Stonehenge was one dickens of a motivator, I'll tell you that.
Debasish Mridha|Forever, time is standing still. We are flying away with the wings of desire we call life.
Ken Jennings, Brainiac: Adventures in the Curious, Competitive, Compulsive World of Trivia Buffs|I pick up Dylan. He certainly takes after his father: about three-quarters of his body weight seems to be head, and three-quarters of that is ears.
George Byron Gordon|The city buildings in the distance are holding up the sky, it seems.
Richard Pryor|American men, as a group, seem to be interested in only two things, money and breasts. It seems a very narrow outlook.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|How do you bear it?" Finnick looks at me in disbelief. "I don't, Katniss! Obviously, I don't. I drag myself out of nightmares each morning and find there's no relief in waking up." Something in my expression stops him. "Better not give in to it. It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.
Louis L’Amour|If you’re going to be a writer, the first essential is just to write. Do not wait for an idea. Start writing something and the ideas will come. You have to turn the faucet on before the water starts to flow.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Some clinicians and researchers believe that andropause is primarily the result of our loss of testosterone. It is clear to me that it is much more than that. Andropause is a multidimensional change of life with hormonal, physical, psychological, interpersonal, social, sexual, and spiritual aspects.
Michelle Muriel, Essie's Roses|When you talk, use words that inspire you and others.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|So why does the world appear stable to you when you’re looking at it? Why doesn’t it appear as jerky and nauseating as the poorly filmed video? Here’s why: your internal model operates under the assumption that the world outside is stable. Your eyes are not like video cameras – they simply venture out to find more details to feed into the internal model. They’re not like camera lenses that you’re seeing through; they’re gathering bits of data to feed the world inside your skull." The Brain: The Story of You - David Eagleman
Tom Vilsack|I am blessed to have married the man that God sent me. He's loving, compassionate, strong and supportive of my children, family and career. I look forward to our lives together.
Julian Castro|It is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Whatever is in your hands, you keep that in perfect condition; then what is beyond you will anyway happen. But people are always trying to work at what is beyond them, not taking care of what is in their hands.
J.D. Brewer, Vagabond|God's M.O., he reflected, is to transmute evil into good. If He is active here, He is doing that now, although our eyes can't perceive it; the process lies hidden beneath the surface of reality, and emerges only later. To, perhaps, our waiting heirs. Paltry people who will not know the dreadful war we've gone through, and the losses we took, unless in some footnote in a minor history book they catch a notion. Some brief mention. With no list of the fallen.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't forget, when you refuse to make right choices, you have already chosen to live the wrong way! Indecision is a decision to live wrongly!
Adam Levin, The Instructions|Don't you feel as though you could love everything starting tomorrow, and everything could love you, if only you took an action to set into motion the coming of our new tomorrow and its tomorrow and that one's tomorrow? Shotgun loaded hand on the pump and no matter who you damage you're still a false prophet, but we drink chocolate milk and then we get muscles and smash down the droves with fists like hammers and then we pump the fists in the air for victory. I be the prophet of the doom that is you. You are the mess in messiah.
Ralph Merkle|In the real world, 90% of the money spent on medical research is focused on conditions that are responsible for just 10% of the deaths and disability caused by diseases globally.
Alexander Pope|Most go to prison not on account of their irreducible uniqueness as people but because they are part of a marginalized sector of the population who never had a chance, who were slated for it early on.
Kate Nash|If they ask you about me, tell them “She was the only girl who loved me with honesty, and I broke her.”.
David Nicholls, One Day|Happyish. Well, happyish isn't so bad.''It's the most we can hope for.
Don Miguel Ruiz|What's important at the grocery store is just as important in engines or medical systems. If the customer isn't satisfied, if the stuff is getting stale, if the shelf isn't right, or if the offerings aren't right, it's the same thing. You manage it like a small organization. You don't get hung up on zeros.
Alex Pareene|From sixteen to twenty, all women, kept in humor by their hopes and by their attractions, appear to be good-natured.
Fábio Moon, Daytripper|The more we wait, the more everything and everyone looks like a grain of sand escaping between our fingers before vanishing into the wind.
Dan Lipinski|Duty, Honor, Country. Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be.
Charles Bukowski|Do you want to see all the wrong things in our world?You sit right there.Then notice how many people move too fast about in life,they go blind over the miracle of being in the moment.Now, do you want to see all the right things?Well I can't honestly speak for others.But this is how it always works for me.I just sit right here.Right here. Beside you.Then silently,I notice how all the wrong things in my worldjust seem to start fallinginto their rightful places.Right here. Beside you.
Randy Neugebauer|David - the man after God's own heart - was a man of war and a mighty man of valour. When all Israel were on the run, David faced Goliath - alone... with God - and he but a stripling, and well scolded, too, by his brother for having come to see the battle.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Civilization is held together by duct tape and spit, and I'm worried about the duct tape.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|Free the fire fluttering inside her rib cage. Work her muscles, the bow, the violin, until she played herself to ash and embers and left the rest of the world behind to smolder.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Anchor Your Stories in Redemptive Themes So We Are Moved to Live Up to Them: Rather than making yourself the victim or the hero in the stories you tell, describe a daunting time of loss, crisis, or criticism or where you made a mistake or acted badly, yet you were eventually able to learn from it. Such stories show vulnerability and a desire to grow and live fully rather than in fear. Then that facet of you can be the place where others can positively and productively connect with you, hard-earned strengths firmly attached together. You can support each other in reinforcing redemptive characterizations and action.
Sally Morgan|So when people see me walking on the street, they feel like we're old pals. Women pull my cheeks and men clap me on the shoulder; I'm like a petting zoo. But movie stars, on the other hand, are much more untouchable. Those are people that you watch from afar. They're regal lions. I'm a friendly goat.
Mary Ellen Mark|I wouldn't call myself a geek, but I do sometimes teach Mommy and Daddy stuff about computers. And I do watch TV, but only informative programmes like the news and documentaries.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|After breakfast, determined to pass as little of the day as possible in company with Lady Lowborough, I quietly stole away from the company and retired to the library. Mr. Hargrave followed me thither, under pretence of coming for a book; and first, turning to the shelves, he selected a volume, and then quietly, but by no means timidly, approaching me, he stood beside me, resting his hand on the back of my chair, and said softly, ‘And so you consider yourself free at last?’‘Yes,’ said I, without moving, or raising my eyes from my book, ‘free to do anything but offend God and my conscience.
Chevy Chase|One Christmas build-up tradition, however, has totally bypassed me - that of going up to town and 'doing a show.'
John Martel, Conflicts of Interest|He hurt everywhere, so at least he must be alive. Another comforting thought because, despite everything, he wanted to be alive. It was the business of living he wanted nothing to do with.
Richard Okorie|All of us know at least one drama queen or drama king. These people love to yell and make a scene when they’re offended. While all of that screaming might make them feel better in the short term, in the long term it does nothing for their careers or their relationships. Seriously, how often can you give someone a piece of your mind before you run out of brain?
Maureen Dowd|Military guys are rarely as smart as they think they are, and they've never gotten over the fact that civilians run the military.
Mark Bittman|It's never fun having to bulk up for a job on an action film, then lose weight for another role. I don't actually mind working out, but it's the diet: I'm half-French, so I love my food, and boiled chicken breast for breakfast is not my idea of a good meal.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|You can purify your existence by feeling deep within yourself a beautiful rose or lotus, or any other flower that you like. A flower is all purity. Try to identify yourself with the consciousness of the flower or with the purity of the flower. Today it is imagination, but if you continue imagining for five days, or ten days, or a month or two, then you are bound to see and feel the flower within you. First you may feel it, then you are bound to see the existence of the flower, and then automatically the fragrance and the purity of the flower will enter into you to purify you.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|But, like all happiness, it did not last long…
John Lennon|The Genius Of The Crowdthere is enough treachery, hatred violence absurdity in the averagehuman being to supply any given army on any given dayand the best at murder are those who preach against itand the best at hate are those who preach loveand the best at war finally are those who preach peacethose who preach god, need godthose who preach peace do not have peacethose who preach peace do not have lovebeware the preachersbeware the knowersbeware those who are always reading booksbeware those who either detest povertyor are proud of itbeware those quick to praisefor they need praise in returnbeware those who are quick to censorthey are afraid of what they do not knowbeware those who seek constant crowds forthey are nothing alonebeware the average man the average womanbeware their love, their love is averageseeks averagebut there is genius in their hatredthere is enough genius in their hatred to kill youto kill anybodynot wanting solitudenot understanding solitudethey will attempt to destroy anythingthat differs from their ownnot being able to create artthey will not understand artthey will consider their failure as creatorsonly as a failure of the worldnot being able to love fullythey will believe your love incompleteand then they will hate youand their hatred will be perfectlike a shining diamondlike a knifelike a mountainlike a tigerlike hemlocktheir finest art
Derrick Jensen|There’s a larger point to be made here than my own obtuseness, which is the fragility, beauty, and at the same time resilience of any communication. An inchoate impulse forms into a feeling that resembles but can never match the dreamy intensity of the original impulse. This feeling then articulates itself, but the words at best approximate a shadow of the feeling. I speak or write these words, and of course the person who receives them brings to that receiving his or her own connotations: Cinnamon, for example, may conjure different memories and may mean something different for you than for me. These words may then settle into feelings, leading finally, perhaps, to some impulse on your part. With so many layers of interpretation, it's no wonder we so often misunderstand each other. And this is between two people who speak the same language. How much more difficult understanding can be, then, when the people do not share a common cultural background, or native tongue? How much more than this may we misunderstand when we then hear a dog speak, or a tree or stone?
Paul Gibbons, Reboot Your Life: A 12-day Program for Ending Stress, Realizing Your Goals, and Being More Productive|The storm through which you sail, called life, has no calm eye. There never is a “right time” for your big dreams. You never will, by magic, get an extra twenty hours a week when you can do that thing that you have always wanted to do. Start now!
Anthony Ervin|Don't you think saying goodbye to your child will make your death more painful?""Wouldn't it be great if it did?" I said. Lucy and I both felt that life wasn't about avoiding suffering.
Anthony T. Hncks|Be still my little light beam,As I breathe life into your heart,By giving you the essence of color,To show off your blossoming heart.In its red gentleness,I see your flickering flame,And then I see your body,Glowing in the dusk.Ever so gently,You do but come to life,For me to see your entirety,For me,It’s the color of love.
Larry Niven, Scatterbrain|It's very difficult for a black man to get out of South-Central Los Angeles, and get out civilized....The only men I know who have escaped, all began reading Robert Heinlein at age ten.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|The light was only just visible - except of course that there was no one to see, no witnesses, not this time, but it was nevertheless a light.
Mark H. Lytle, The Gentle Subversive: Rachel Carson, Silent Spring, and the Rise of the Environmental Movement|Carson was persuaded that many experts either failed to recognize or chose to ignore the potential hazards of pesticides. She was convinced that the weight of her scientific evidence would defeat the skeptics among them. And once the public had the necessary information, citizens could make informed decisions about what Carson believed was a matter of life and death.
Rufi Thorpe, Dear Fang, With Love|When we shrink our whole reality down to pending projects, when our life becomes our endless to-do list, it's difficult to put them aside each night and let ourselves fall asleep and connect with something deeper.
Dorothy Koomson, The Woman He Loved Before|I couldn’t make myself move from the bed. To reach for you. I’d known this moment was coming, and now that it had arrived I found I had no strength in my limbs.Only my voice. Only words.Asking you to stay.
Kahlil Gibran|Ihr redet, wenn ihr aufhört mit euren Gedanken in Frieden zu sein.
Tanmaya Guru|If you want to open, come close to me, I have a key which can open the locked door of your destiny.
Stanley Kubrick|At that time, I often thought that if I had had to live in the trunk of a dead tree, with nothing to do but look up at the sky flowing overhead, little by little I would have gotten used to it.
Diana Gabaldon, The Exile: An Outlander Graphic Novel|It would ha' been a good deal easier, if ye'd only been a witch.
Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings|In my school, no consideration is given to anything unreasonable; the heart of the matter is to use the power of the knowledge of martial arts to gain victory any way you can.
Francis Bacon|And, after all, what is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in a masquerade.
Anita Moorjani, Dying to Be Me: My Journey from Cancer, to Near Death, to True Healing|I believe that the greatest truths of the universe don't lie outside, in the study of the stars and the planets. They lie deep within us, in the magnificence of our heart, mind, and soul. Until we understand what is within, we can't understand what is without.
Cassandra Rose Clarke, The Assassin's Curse|She moved like water, graceful and soft and lovely. Every part of me wanted to stick out my foot and trip her, just to see her stumble.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.
Na'ama Yehuda, Emilia|Men who hit do so because they can...someplace they enjoy or need to humiliate another. There is no love in violence, only control and domination.
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|If you care about being thought credible and intelligent, do not use complex language where simpler language will do. My Princeton colleague Danny Oppenheimer refuted a myth prevalent among undergraduates about the vocabulary that professors find most impressive. In an article titled "Consequences of Erudite Vernacular Utilized Irrespective of Necessity: Problems with Using Long Words Needlessly," he showed that couching familiar ideas in pretentious language is taken as a sign of poor intelligence and low credibility.
Kristen Reed, Out of the Garden|The first sight I beheld when I first awakened was a pair of eyes filled with pure adoration and a joyful grin that shone more brightly than the afternoon sun. Though he hadn’t spoken a single word, I knew exactly who he was. He was my creator … my Lord … my God.
Lidiya K., This Moment|Often we suffer because we don’t realize what’s essential.We may want to be rich, but the rich are lonely.We see all those people on TV that have won the lottery and want to be at their place, but studies show that they are even more miserable after having won the big check. They don’t really know what to do with all that money, take poor decisions on how to spend them, change themselves and their friends don’t see them in the same way.
Pythagoras|You can talk about teamwork on a baseball team, but I'll tell you, it takes teamwork when you have 2,900 men stationed on the U.S.S. Alabama in the South Pacific.
Ringo Starr|Peace and love, peace and love!
Stefan H. Verstappen, Chinese Business Etiquette: The Practical Pocket Guide|In Chinese business culture, humility is a virtue.
Craig Venter|There's so many interesting aspects of making a movie: the costume department, the set design, the casting itself, the locations.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|If I tell you something Leah, can you keep a secret?" Conor pressed a callused finger across a petroglyph of a deer like a blind man etching memory into his brain.
Michael Bassey Johnson|No state, no government exists. What does in fact exist is a man, or a few men, in power over many men.
Phil Hewitt, Keep on Running: The Highs and Lows of a Marathon Addict|Success breeds success on a marathon route. If you can prove to yourself that you are doing well, then invariably you will do even better.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|Making love to me is amazing. Wait, I meant: making love, to me, is amazing. The absence of two little commas nearly transformed me into a sex god. 
Oscar Wilde|, I believe in some type of free market system. I just don’t think you’ll find an example of one completely free from government intervention.
J.M. Coetzee, Waiting for the Barbarians|I had the same sensation as when we watch someone sleep. When asleep we all become children again. Perhaps because in the state of slumber we can do no wrong and are unconscious of life, the greatest criminal and most self- absorbed egotist are holy, by a natural magic, as long as they're sleeping. For me there's no discernible difference between killing a child and killing a sleeping man.
Kenneth Roberts, Oliver Wiswell|People don't want the truth,' he says, waving a hand at the streets around us. 'They want better-quality lies. High definition lies on fifty-inch screens.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Vol. 26: Call to Arms|I had to have company -- I was made for it, I think -- so I made friends with the animals. They are just charming, and they have the kindest disposition and the politest ways; they never look sour, they never let you feel that you are intruding, they smile at you and wag their tail, if they've got one, and they are always ready for a romp or an excursion or anything you want to propose.
Fyodor Dostoevsky|I never thought I was particularly good looking. But when I see old photographs, I realise that I was. I do wish I had known that at the time because beauty is power. I didn't realise how lucky I was to be young, beautiful and in Hollywood. It didn't hit me. Every day I woke up, went to the film studio and just got on with it.
Tennessee Williams, A Streetcar Named Desire|The franchise and the virus work on the same principle, what thrives in one place will thrive in another. You just have to find a sufficiently virulent business plan, condense it into a three-ring binder ― its DNA ― Xerox it, and embed it in the fertile line of a well-traveled highway, preferably one with a left turn lane. Then the growth will expand until it runs up against its property lines.
Jussi Adler-Olsen, The Absent One|Young Bride had a scratch on her neck from the knife, but no other external injuries. It seemed she was killed by the shock the drunks gave her.After sixty-odd years, reliving the trauma of that fateful night was too much to bear.There was no funeral procession. She was buried on the unlucky hill on the outskirts of the village.The crickets, however, remained around her shack and continued to sing until the first snow fell.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|Though I’ve never met a teacher who was not happy in retirement, I rarely meet one who thinks that their teaching life was not a grand way to spend a human life. The unhappy ones are the young ones, those who must teach in public schools when the whole nation seems at war with the very essence of teaching.
Gene Simmons|I've learned that being a superhero isn't all glitz and glamour. We think if we have a special power, our problem will go away. It's just a new set of problems. Being a superhero alienates you and separates you from humanity. As Spiderman famously said, 'With great power comes great responsibility.'
Libba Bray|Uh…I’ve seen you around here a couple of times,” he said again, staring at the book I held. “‘I had come face to face with some one whose mere personality was so fascinating that, if I allowed it to do so, it would absorb my whole nature, my whole soul, my very art itself.’”I stared. “What?”His lopsided grin spread into a full one, and it felt like someone had socked me in the chest. “It’s a quote from Oscar Wilde’s Dorian Gray. It’s one of my favorite books.”Hot and smart. And apparently he was a real-life boy.
Pooja Ruprell|The instant you take the lead in the tug-of-war with your ego, enlightenment becomes your state of being.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Biology - DNA - is technology. It is coding. It is physical coding, but still code.
Umberto Eco, On Literature|Has it ever happened to you," Léon went on, "to come across some vague idea of one's own in a book, some dim image that comes to you from afar, and as the completest expression of your own slightest sentiment?
Clive Standen|I trust in God, and His ways are not our ways. So we have to go with that, and there's nothing I can do about that.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Take time for yourself. If you feel guilty eating lunch away from yourdesk or lingering in a bath, let the deprogramming begin.
litymunshi|One straight lineHeart beats stopsUp and down ,lifemoves on.Strange!©litymunshi
Fakeer Ishavardas|There’s no such thing as fiction or imagination, as they’re merely non-fiction manifestations in the wrong parallel universe.
Malcolm Arnold|I see dance being used as communication between body and soul, to express what it too deep to find for words.
Lena Olin|Like so many people, I only remembered Orson Welles as this huge, fat, bearded figure selling wine in TV commercials. So whenever anyone said I looked like Orson Welles I said that I wasn't that fat, and I would get on a diet, quickly.
Kylie Jenner|No woman ever hates a man for being in love with her, but many a woman hate a man for being a friend to her.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|When you say “SOMEDAY I’ll Live my dreams,” that is the eighth day of the week; it never comes. Start working for your dreams TODAY.
Jamie Foxx|Until my senior year, baseball and basketball were my best sports; and even when I was a senior, I still wanted to play baseball professionally. But the family wanted me to go to college, and I guess I agreed with them, or else I would have accepted some of the offers I got.
Bubba Watson|The best thing about being a dad? Well, I think it's just the thing that every man wants - to have a son and heir.
Criss Jami|People deceive themselves, or deceive each other, that is the origin of comedy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Skill gives you legs to jog, talent gives you legs to run, brilliance gives you legs to sprint, but genius gives you wings to fly.
Marcus du Sautoy, The Great Unknown: Seven Journeys to the Frontiers of Science|One of the most curious consequences of quantum physics is that a particle like an electron can seemingly be in more than one place at the same time until it is observed, at which point there seems to be a random choice made about where the particle is really located. Scientists currently believe that this randomness is genuine, not just caused by a lack of information. Repeat the experiment under the same conditions and you may get a different answer each time.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Crack-Up|There are always those to whom all self-revelation is contemptible, unless it ends with a noble thanks to the gods for the Unconquerable Soul.
David Brin, Glory Season|While I have the floor, here's a question that's been bothering me for some time. Why do so few writers of heroic or epic fantasy ever deal with the fundamental quandary of their novels . . . that so many of them take place in cultures that are rigid, hierarchical, stratified, and in essence oppressive? What is so appealing about feudalism, that so many free citizens of an educated commonwealth like ours love reading about and picturing life under hereditary 
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|When you're having what you feel like is a "bad day" and then someone comes along out of nowhere and extends to you the simplest of kind gestures, you feel it so deeply within your heart.
Eric Sennevoight, The Rocket Garden|But then with me the horrid doubt always arises whether the convictions of man's mind, which has been developed from the mind of the lower animals, are of any value or at all trustworthy.
Thomas Bernhard, Concrete|I've always had this feeling," Henry says, "that all dogs are really therapy dogs.
Shawn Michaels|Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance?
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, All In|I wish you to believe whatever you think is true, at any and every cost.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A true leader is the one who leaves memorable footprints of nobility. A leader who is decisive enough and have all the guts to take bold and frank decisions regardless of the oppositions and the temporal adverse effect of such decision on the masses, knowing that in the end, the fruits of such decision will be sweeter enough to put joy on the faces of the masses and they shall remember such noble footprints and ponder in humility.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|She fit her head under his chin, and he could feel her weight settle into him. He held her tight and words spilled out of him without prior composition. And this time he made no effort to clamp them off. He told her about the first time he had looked on the back of her neck as she sat in the church pew. Of the feeling that had never let go of him since. He talked to her of the great waste of years between then and now. A long time gone. And it was pointless, he said, to think how those years could have been put to better use, for he could hardly have put them to worse. There was no recovering them now. You could grieve endlessly for the loss of time and the damage done therein. For the dead, and for your own lost self. But what the wisdom of the ages says is that we do well not to grieve on and on. And those old ones knew a thing or two and had some truth to tell, Inman said, for you can grieve your heart out and in the end you are still where you are. All your grief hasn't changed a thing. What you have lost will not be returned to you. It will always be lost. You're left with only your scars to mark the void. All you can choose to do is go on or not. But if you go on, it's knowing you carry your scars with you. Nevertheless, over all those wasted years, he had held in his mind the wish to kiss her on the back of her neck, and now he had done it. There was a redemption of some kind, he believed, in such complete fulfillment of a desire so long deferred.
N.J. Paige, Code Human|He continued along the route that he had reconnoitered the morning before. And the morning before that. He needed to change his route some to see if he was actually being followed. His instincts said he was clear, but his training ordered him to make sure.
Bob Marley|I believe that God has put gifts and talents and ability on the inside of every one of us. When you develop that and you believe in yourself and you believe that you're a person of influence and a person of purpose, I believe you can rise up out of any situation.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I came into marriage with love but when I got there she refused the dictatorship and fled away, I and my wife are looking for her. Anyone who finds her please contact us. We swear not to harm her again
George Orwell, 1984|My good friends, things cannot go on well in England, nor ever will until everything shall be in common, when there shall be neither vassal nor lord, and all distinctions levelled.
Donald Jeffries, Hidden History: An Exposé of Modern Crimes, Conspiracies, and Cover-Ups in American Politics|Many people begin their criticism with sincere praise followed by the word "but", which signals that the criticism is about to begin. This may make the listener questions the sincerity of the praise. Use "and" instead, and provide constructive advice rather than criticism. this is possibly the most effective ways to address an issue in written form without seeming false in your praise.
John Quincy Adams|Today, Negroes play on every big league club and in every minor league. With millions of other Negroes in other walks of life, we are willing to stand up and be counted for what we believe in. In baseball or out, we are no longer willing to wait until Judgment Day for equality - we want it here on earth as well as in Heaven.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|People talk about ‘service, effort, love, knowledge’. But with knowledge you know what love is, and what it is not.
Yanis Varoufakis, The Global Minotaur: America, the True Origins of the Financial Crisis and the Future of the World Economy|Life without a phone is riskier, lonelier, more vivid.
Frank Abagnale|When 'Catch Me If You Can' was published back in 1980, I never dreamed that it would become a bestseller, much less a major motion picture and now a big Broadway musical. What's amazing about the book is that it has never gone out of print.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|What these people were trying to create or re-create here in this new world is beyond me. I can't put myself in their minds or their hearts, but I can sympathize with their struggle for an identity, with their puzzlement, which has troubled Americans from the very beginning - Who are we, where do we fit in, where are we going?
Peter Cimino, The Four Corners, a Sicilian Story|So thankful, forever blessed.
Jim Butcher, White Night|That's the thing with Holy Moses: big as a house and scary as heck if you don't know him, but Charley Manson and his whole family could come parading through here and he'd give them you room key for a slice of sharp cheddar." --Ms. Fisher, The Last Stop
Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Renegade|The natural law is an instrument for progress, not a weapon of revolution.
Pete Cashmore|There was never anything else I wanted to pursue. It was always theater, and movies are a fairly new thing.
Tom Stoppard|Real data is messy. ...It's all very noisy out there. Very hard to spot the tune. Like a piano in the next room, it's playing your song, but unfortunately it's out of whack, some of the strings are missing, and the pianist is tone deaf and drunk- I mean, the noise! Impossible! 
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Curse of Wanyaka Cave|She imagined him leaning against the shuttle, entertaining thoughts of scolding her for dressing like a ragged commoner. Never mind that her present outfit was light years ahead in comfort.(Actually, he’s wishing he had been less critical of you earlier. He feels bad that you won’t acknowledge his presence, and he blames himself.)(Quit it, Ian. I’m not going to feel sorry for him.)She caught her protector’s shrewd grin, highlighted by the fire’s glow. (You already do, Queenie.)(This talent of yours is really annoying.)He leaned close to her ear and whispered, “That’s not what you thought earlier when you wanted to get ahold of Efren.” “One tiny rosebud in a handful of thorns,” she retorted.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed|Christian, you are the state lottery, the cure for cancer, and the three wishes from Aladdin's lamp all rolled into one
Katie Reus, Into the Darkness|With his supernatural vision he immediately spotted Rhea sitting near the shoreline, her legs stretched out in front of her.	Unfortunately she had on clothing. Not that he'd expected her to be naked. Still, a dragon could dream....	After shifting to his human form he let his camouflage drop and headed toward her.	Naked.	He held onto his clothes, but didn't bother to put them on as he stalked across the sand. Nudity was no big deal to shifters but normally he clothed himself in front of females in socially appropriate situations. Now, the most primal part of him wanted Rhea to see all of him.	To see what he had to offer her.
Mary Angeline Bell, Triumphs I & II|Made to observe the vastness of our world, the greater breadth and depth of stars unfurled, the mind can grasp an order and a plan and ponder the deep question, "Who is man?
Gilbert K. Chesterton|Power in politics, sovereignty in America is with we the people, and that is the path to turning this country around: empowering the people.
Samuel Johnson|Without the door let sorrow lie,And if for cold it hap to die,We'll bury 't in a Christmas pie,And evermore be merry.
Pope Benedict XVI|The crown must constantly earn citizens' appreciation, respect and trust.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Inspiration: Soulfully Inspiring You to Attain Your Goals by Utilizing the Power of Inspiration|When you walk in the company of your courage, nothing & no one - can stand in your way.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|When the whispers of fear and doubt start screaming inside of you, turn up the volume of your courage by focusing on your faith, energizing through example, living to learn, and learning to love and be loved better.
Josh Groban|I love rings, but I can't wear them. I mean, look at my knuckles. My fingers and joints are so swollen from years of playing. That means no wedding band, either. Luckily, I have a very understanding wife.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Words can be honed to crafted perfection by the finest wordsmiths. Yet, if we trust solely in the expanse of them to explain this God of ours or articulate our experience of Him, we will have brutally destroyed the very things we are attempting to explain. And if I should do that, no words can describe how badly I wish I had no words.
Dejan Stojanovic|Why poetry, you ask? Because of life, I answer.
Kamand Kojouri|This is a day of celebration!Today, we are divorcing the pastand marrying the present.Dance,and you will find Godin every room.Today, we are divorcing resentmentand marrying forgiveness.Sing,and God will find you in every tune.Today, we are divorcing indifferenceand marrying love.Drink, and play that tambourine against your thighs.We have so much celebrating to do!
Geraldine Brooks|[The haggadah] was made to teach, and it will continue to teach. And it might teach a lot more than just the Exodus story."What do you mean?"Well, from what you've told me, the book has survived the same human disaster over and over again. Think about it. You've got a society where people tolerate difference, like Spain in the Convivencia, and everything's humming along: creative, prosperous. Then somehow this fear, this hate, this need to demonize 'the other' -- it just sort of rears up and smashes the whole society. Inquisition, Nazis, extremist Serb nationalists... same old, same old. It seems to me that the book, at this point, bears witness to all that.
Ernest Hemingway|Think differently, BE better!
Robert M. Drake, Black Butterfly|But as I began to write this book, I realised that without the whole truth my life would have no power, no real meaning. With the help of my mother, the memories of our lives in North Korea and China cane back to me like scenes from a forgotten nightmare. Some of the images reappeared with a terrible clarity; others were hazy, or scrambled like a deck of cards spilled on the floor. The process of writing has been the process of remembering, and of trying to make sense out of those memories.
Janna Cachola|Passion is the fuel for excellence. Rest, vacation or a payrise can't make you create excellence in your work. Findbwhat makes you passionate about what you do
Harry G. Frankfurt, On Bullshit|Bullshit is unavoidable whenever circumstances require someone to talk without knowing what he is talking about. Thus the production of bullshit is stimulated whenever a person’s obligations or opportunities to speak about some topic exceed his knowledge of the facts that are relevant to that topic. This discrepancy is common in public life, where people are frequently impelled – whether by their own propensities or by the demands of others – to speak extensively about matters of which they are to some degree ignorant. Closely related instances arise from the widespread conviction that it is the responsibility of a citizen in a democracy to have opinions about everything, or at least everything that pertains to the conduct of his country’s affairs.
Christian F. Burton, Energy Dependence Day|Our Constitution’s separation of church and state never meant that religion could have nothing to do with the governing of our nation. The Founders simply intended that the United States would not have an established state religion and that no one could be sanctioned by the state for being of the wrong faith. Separation of church and state does not mean, as many people inside government believe today, that religion can never be discussed when investigating a threat or interrogating a suspect. And it definitely does not mean that a subject under surveillance as a threat to American lives cannot be recorded or otherwise monitored when he steps into a mosque. If someone is suspected of being a terrorist, it matters not whether he steps into a mosque, a church, or a temple; he is still a threat and should be treated as such.
Ray Bradbury|Into the air, over the valleys, under the stars, above a river, a pond, a road, flew Cecy. Invisible as new spring winds, fresh as the breath of clover rising from twilight fields, she flew.
Debasish Mridha|I have to learn to hear music, to see beauty, and to find joy in silence
Nikki Rowe|I stopped remembering the past and started visualising my future, the only thing left I could hold onto was hope; that the courage I have found along the way, is what will see me through.
Sally Wentworth, Summer Fire|To the goats, all people are equal, except for those who have treats.
Thomas Carlyle, On Heroes, Hero Worship and the Heroic in History|I want you to tell me about every person you’ve ever been in love with.Tell me why you loved them,then tell me why they loved you. I wanna know what you see when you look in the mirroron a day you’re feeling good.I wanna know what you see when you look in the mirroron a day you’re feeling bad.I wanna know the first person who taught you your beautycould ever be reflected on a lousy piece of glass.See, I wanna know more than what you do for a living.I wanna know how much of your life you spend just giving,and if you love yourself enough to also receive sometimes.I wanna know if you bleed sometimesfrom other people’s wounds,and if you dream sometimesthat this life is just a balloon —that if you wanted to, you could pop,but you never would‘cause you’d never want it to stop.If a tree fell in the forestand you were the only one there to hear —if its fall to the ground didn’t make a sound,would you panic in fear that you didn’t exist,or would you bask in the bliss of your nothingness?
Haile Gebrselassie|When people divorce, it's always such a tragedy. At the same time, if people stay together it can be even worse.
Evy Michaels|She had been proved right so eloquently, she had thought, that comments were unnecessary.
Orison Swett Marden|In prayer, we stand where angels bow with veiled faces. There, even there, the cherubim and seraphim adore before that selfsame throne to which our prayers ascend. And shall we come there with stunted requests and narrow, contracted faith?
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|They say there are three kinds of people in the world: those who listen to stories, those who tell them, and those who make them.
Heston Blumenthal|I'm a foodie. I enjoy it a lot, and contrary to what it looks, I eat a lot. My comfort food, of all things, would be southern soul barbecue.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Seek your higher life, the holy heavenly living.
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|A writer is a spectator, looking at everything with a highly critical eye.
― Tony "Success Activator" Dovale|A Revolutionary, High-Performance, Workplace is one where the culture is Consciously Constructive. That is EVERYONE is developed, on a daily basis, towards their full potential, to achieve exponential impacts and results, supporting People, Planet & Profits.
J.B. McGee, Mending|In Nature, things are broken with a purpose—clouds break to pour rains, rivers break to water fields, fields break to yield crops, seeds break to yield plants … so if ever you feel broken, understand that you must be part of a better and more beautiful purpose...
Sunday Adelaja|Without accepting our personality, we try to meet the requirements of the society and do everything to be accepted
Caraway Carter, Anders & Ujaruk|What truly captivated Rachael were her eyes—wide, deer-like, yet hauntingly sinister green with flecks of gold dancing in silent mirth.
Tom Zoellner, The Heartless Stone: A Journey Through the World of Diamonds, Deceit, and Desire|...Her boyfriend gives her a Mercedes, [her friends] say, 'Oh, that's nice.' But her boyfriend gives her a diamond, they say, 'Oh, he's serious.' It's not just the gift of love-it's the gift of commitment. She's not jumping up and down because she got a diamond ring but because she got a guy! There are those who say you don't need diamonds. I say they're right. Just like you don't need sex.
Larry R. Lawrence|I know he's a good baby... but the challenge is to raise him into a good boy, then a good man.
Christina Engela, Innocent Minds|You worry too much." "Because you worry not enough.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|Language and reality are kept strictly apart—reality is tough, unyielding stuff, and it doesn’t care what you think or feel or say about it. Or it shouldn’t.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|PERCIVAL: Now, who is telling the story?SEVERIN: The camera is telling the story. It's watching everything, and you can't lie to it, or it will know.PERCIVAL: My girl is so clever! No, the camera witnesses the story and records it, but it is outside the story. Like a very tiny god with one big, dark eye.... Which of [the characters] is the authority? Who controls how the story is told? And who is the audience, for whom all these wonderful things are meant?SEVERIN: They are all telling the story to me.
Tod Langley|Stories of Fantasy are nothing more than the retelling of our own triumphs and sad, sad tragedies ... Tod LangleyI have that painted on my office wall and love to stare at it.
Eric Hoffer, The Temper of Our Time|Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and eventually degenerates into a racket.
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|As long as man is alive, he will always deem himself to be the light of the world, and consider his enemies as the darkness. And they will be thinking like that on both sides of the front.
James Wolcott|Writing generally, it may be said that in design, roof, and general aspect, Japanese Buddhist temples are all alike. The sacred architectural idea expresses itself in nearly the same form always.
Anton Szandor LaVey, The Secret Life of a Satanist: The Authorized Biography of Anton LaVey|If a man dethrones God in his heart, Satan must ascend to His position.
Jude Deveraux, Remembrance|You'd think the very thought of a romance writer would bring a smile to people's lips. Ah, how nice. Love. Making love. Laughter. Kissing. But no, the world is upside down as far as I can see, and romances and their writers are ridiculed, hisses and generally spat upon. For what reason? One of my favorites is that women who read them might get mixed up about reality and imagine a man is going to rescue them from Life. According to this theory, women are so stupid that they can't tell a story from reality. Is anyone worried that the MEN who read spy thrillers are going to go after their neighbors with an automatic weapon? No, I don't remember anyone thinking that. Nor do I remember anyone worrying about murder mysteries or science fiction. It just seems to be dumb ol' women who might think some gorgeous, thoughtful, giving hunk is going to rescue them. Honey, if any woman thought a gorgeous hunk was going to rescue her, romance novels wouldn’t be forty percent of the publishing industry.
Lauren Oliver|I feel a flash of grief so intense it almost makes me cry out: not for what I lost, but for the chances I missed.
Colin Kaepernick|Climate change is the environmental challenge of this generation, and it is imperative that we act before it's too late.
David Plante, The Pure Lover: A Memoir of Grief|You wrote in a poem, “I love your body,” as if love was for you embodied in the senses, and yet more than the senses together, an enveloping sense itself sensuous, as if all the body made sense.
Patricia A. McKillip, Od Magic|One cannot always know what children are thinking. Children are hard to understand, especially when careful training has accustomed them to obedience, and experience has made them cautious in their conversation with their teachers. Will you not draw from this the fine maxim that one should not scold children too much, but should make them trustful, so that they will not conceal their stupidities from us?
Lionel Fisher, Celebrating Time Alone: Stories Of Splendid Solitude|Ultimately, I hoped the tiny-house guy was similar to me: a sane person without a big agenda, who simply wanted a way to make sense of the world, to create a new map with a big X in the middle labeled "Home," even if that meant shrinking his world down to the size of an area rug.
Judith Hayes|Everything bad in the Old Testament (and there's a lot) is there to point out our sin, while everything good in the Old Testament is there to point us to our Savior.
W.P. Kinsella, Shoeless Joe|I don't know how long I kept at it...I felt reasonably safe, streched out on the floor, and lay quite still.It didn't seem to be summer any more
Molly Ivins|Next time I tell you someone from Texas should not be president of the United States, please pay atten
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with Ahab|I fear it is the end for us,’ wailed Marx as the bears inched closer. ‘Is this the way you saw yourself going. Pirate Captain:‘In fact,’ said the Captain grumpily, ‘it’s pretty much the exact situation I usually try to cheer myself up with when I’m in a bit of a fix. “At least you’re not about to be eaten by bears and/or fall into a replica volcano,” I tell myself. So now I’ve got to come up with an even worse scenario, which is a nuisance.
John  Williams, Butcher's Crossing|Young people," McDonald said contemptuously. "You always think there's something to find out.""Yes, sir," Andrews said."Well, there's nothing," McDonald said. "You get born, and you nurse on lies, and you get weaned on lies, and you learn fancier lies in school. You live all your life on lies, and then maybe when you're ready to die, it comes to you — that there's nothing, nothing but yourself and what you could have done. Only you ain't done it, because the lies told you there was something else. Then you know you could of had the world, because you're the only one that knows the secret; only then it's too late. You're too old.""No," Andrews said. A vague terror crept from the darkness that surrounded them, and tightened his voice. "That's not the way it is.""You ain't learned, then," McDonald said. "You ain't learned yet. . . .
Taylor Lautner|Thankfully, while our self-righteousness reaches far, God's grace reaches farther.
Lucian Bane, Beg For Mercy|We wrap up our violent and mysterious world in a pretence of understanding. We paper over the voids in our comprehension with science or religion, and make believe that order has been imposed. And, for the most of it, the fiction works. We skim across surfaces, heedless of the depths below. Dragonflies flitting over a lake, miles deep, pursuing erratic paths to pointless ends. Until that moment when something from the cold unknown reaches up to take us.The biggest lies we save for ourselves. We play a game in which we are gods, in which we make choices, and the current follows in our wake. We pretend a separation from the wild. Pretend that a man's control runs deep, that civilization is more than a veneer, that reason will be our companion in dark places.
Renita D'Silva, Monsoon Memories|Those who have never seen a leopard under favourable conditions in his natural surroundings can have no conception of the grace of movement, and beauty of colouring, of this the most gracefuL and the most beautiful of all animales in our Indian jungles.
Agatha Christie, Postern of Fate|You don't appreciate a faithful husband when you've got one,' said Tommy.'All my friends tell me you never know with husbands,' said Tuppance.'You have the wrong kind of friends,' said Tommy.
Emily Brontë, The Complete Poems|Riches I hold in light esteem,And love I laugh to scorn,And lust of fame was but a dreamThat vanished with the morn.And if I pray, the only prayerThat moves my lips for meIs, 'Leave the heart that now I bear,And give me liberty!'Yes, as my swift days near their goal,'Tis all that I implore -In life and death, a chainless soul,With courage to endure.
Steven Weinberg|One of the great achievements of science has been, if not to make it impossible for intelligent people to be religious, then at least to make it possible for them not to be religious. We should not retreat from this accomplishment.
Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty|Moments, when lost, can't be found again. They're just gone.
Lindsay McKenna, Wind River Wrangler|He leaned over, catching her lowered gaze. “I’m the present, Darlin’.
Andrena Sawyer|Well, that's the thing, isn't it? Everyone always blames the monster--but no one ever blames the one who created it. Isn't that right?" He sneered at Moira's limp form. "Tell me, who is the monster? The creation or the creator? It has to start somewhere.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|With mindfulness, loving kindness, and self-compassion, we can begin to let go of our expectations about how life and those we love should be.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|Women writers make for rewarding (and efficient) lovers. They are clever liars to fathers and husbands; yet they never hold their tongues too long, nor keep ardent typing fingers still.
David Foster Wallace, String Theory: David Foster Wallace on Tennis|Almost anyone who loves tennis and follows the men’s tour on television has, over the last few years, had what might be termed Federer Moments. These are times, watching the young Swiss at play, when the jaw drops and eyes protrude and sounds are made that bring spouses in from other rooms to see if you’re OK.
Diane Ravitch, The Death and Life of the Great American School System: How Testing and Choice Are Undermining Education|A historian tries to understand what happened, why it happened, what was the context, who did what, and what assumptions led them to act as they did. A historian customarily displays a certain diffidence about trying to influence events, knowing that unanticipated developments often lead to unintended consequences.
Anaïs Nin|Our life is composed greatly from dreams, from the unconscious, and they must be brought into connection with action. They must be woven together. 
Sarah Todd Hammer, 5k, Ballet, and a Spinal Cord Injury|Dancing with a spinal cord injury is a challenge like no other, but I aspired to prove to myself that I could still be phenomenal dancer even with an SCI
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|Looking from outside into an open window one never sees as much as when one looks through a closed window. There is nothing more profound, more mysterious, more pregnant, more insidious, more dazzling than a window lighted by a single candle. What one can see out in the sunlight is always less interesting than what goes on behind a windowpane. In that black or luminous square life lives, life dreams, life suffers.
John Brunner, The Sheep Look Up|The killers are the people who are ruining the world to line their pockets, poisoning us, burying us under garbage!
Cathleen Margaret|The train will not find you. You must find the train, its pulse, its way of being beyond obvious rock and sway. The train’s pulse is deeper than movement. If you listen, you will hear the song of the train, and when you find the song, you will find the engine, the heart, the blood, the pulse. This is how we create.
Harold Monro, Collected Poems|Overheard on a Saltmarsh"Nymph, nymph, what are your beads?Green glass, goblin. Why do you stare at them?Give them me.No.Give them me. Give them me.No.Then I will howl all night in the reeds,Lie in the mud and howl for them.Goblin, why do you love them so?They are better than stars or water,Better than voices of winds that sing,Better than any man's fair daughter,Your green glass beads on a silver ring.Hush, I stole them out of the moon.Give me your beads, I want them.No.I will howl in the deep lagoonFor your green glass beads, I love them so.Give them me. Give them.No.
Oliver Joseph Lodge|People break down after a couple of hours. All the defenses go down, and there's a kind of communication that if I spent 20 years in a living room with one of these people, I would never, never know as much about them as I do in that one day.
Alex La Guma, A Walk in the Night and Other Stories|I don't know. I got nothing. No house, no people, no place. Maybe that's troubles. Don't I say?
Bree Despain, The Lost Saint|Kind of just existed from day to day, on weird plateau of feeling nothingness.
Nicholas Carr, The Shallows: What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains|Oftentimes, those special brains, the ones that are capable of focusing more intently than others, do so at the expense of emotional maturity
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|Each man must administer his hatred cautiously. Mine is equitable. I distribute it evenly among those who are frozen in the past and those who perspire in the present. Because while the former are hemorrhoidal in their sensibility, the latter are constipated in the brain. And they complement each other by both betraying the law of life that demands the immediate defecation of all useless detritus, be it antiquated illusion or contemporary cowardice.
Karina Halle, Into the Hollow|No matter what happened, he was Dex and I was Perry and that combination only led to trouble.
Deyth Banger|Outside there a lot of powerful stuff, starting from mind movies up to movies like drama, real life, horror, mysteries and many other. Music which makes your day interesting, quotes which change your thought, books which provoke and many other stuff... (So now you know what's everything about, Good Luck with the other Stuff!)
Floriano Martins|We live in the hope that life will be different. Just a little more substance perhaps in the intrinsic frailty of the days. Such resignation frightens me. Between gunshots I get drunk. In secret, all knowledge becomes anxiety.
Sarah Kay|ReThink your success mindset: In life, the stuff that really matters most, is invisible, but palpable.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|A heart like mine, which never got any kind of affection growing up, is terrible above all things.
Alexander Payne|I'm working on bridging the gap between mainstream famous and Internet famous. They're two different things, but eventually, social media will be the way to become a celebrity.
Sunday Adelaja|We are chosen by God, it was not by coincidence. We have been accorded the dignity of kingship and we are called to take the Kingdom to the world. The destiny of millions of people depends on us.
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|A brand is a story. And you have to tell it well. The good news in this connected world great stories travel fast. And, these days, they travel for free. So there has never been a better time or a cheaper time to start something.
August Bebel|Our Father and Our God, unto thee, O Lord we lift our souls.
Erna Paris|But seen through a long lens, peacemaking founded on 'forgetting' appears to have a limited lifespan.
Lynn C. Tolson, Beyond the Tears: A True Survivor's Story|It was so much more. You allowed your feelings to spill onto the stage in a way everyone in that room could relate to. Angela inspired it, perhaps, but the specifics you chose made a universal statement. That is the art of choreography.
John Ferling, Jefferson and Hamilton: The Rivalry That Forged a Nation|The continuous work of our life,” says Montaigne, “is to build death.” He quotes the Latin poets: Prima, quae vitam dedit, hora corpsit. And again: Nascentes morimur. Man knows and thinks this tragic ambivalence which the animal and the plant merely undergo. A new paradox is thereby introduced into his destiny. “Rational animal,” “thinking reed,” he escapes from his natural condition without, however, freeing himself from it. He is still a part of this world of which he is a consciousness. He asserts himself as a pure internality against which no external power can take hold, and he also experiences himself as a thing crushed by the dark weight of other things. At every moment he can grasp the non-temporal truth of his existence. But between the past which no longer is and the future which is not yet, this moment when he exists is nothing. This privilege, which he alone possesses, of being a sovereign and unique subject amidst a universe of objects, is what he shares with all his fellow-men. In turn an object for others, he is nothing more than an individual in the collectivity on which he depends.
Dwayne Johnson|The Great Depression, like most other periods of severe unemployment, was produced by government mismanagement rather than by any inherent instability of the private economy.
Randy Alcorn, Edge of Eternity|The conflicting missions of the two armies seemed to have no fog, no gray, only black-and-white clarity. I had lived my life in terms of compromise, rule-bending, trade-offs, concessions, bargaining, striking deals, finding middle ground. In these two great armies, there was no such thing. Good was good, and evil was evil, and they shared no common ground.
Deepak Chopra|When you make a choice, you change the future.
Mark Shriver|The primary school I attended in Shanghai was a very liberal one, established by scholars who had return from an education in France. The children of leading families were enrolled there, including the son of a well-known man believed to be a top gangster of the underworld!
William Bernbach|We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.
Dada Bhagwan|There are three types of talks: 1. Knowledge based talks. 2. Intellect-based talks 3. Talks void of intellect. The world is running as a result of these three types of talks. Intellectuals will find intellect-void-talks as being incorrect. Those void of intellect will find intellect based talks to be incorrect. And where there are talks with Knowledge (Gnan), there is no such thing as correct or incorrect.
Giorge Leedy|Nico: I love you.Percy: What?Nico: Did you say something Jason?Jason: What?Nico: You just said you love Percy?Jason: Wait, what? No, I didn't, wait,Percy: Dude. What the Tartarus?Jason: No, Nico's the one who loves you.Nico: *Pushes Jason off the Argo ll*Percy: Did he just-Nico: No proof.Percy: But he just-Nico: No witnesses.Percy: But he just said-Jason: *Flying* Did you just push me off the ship???
Tim O'Brien|I've written for every medium except poetry, at which I suck.
Gemma Halliday, Deadly Cool|That craptastical, gutless, son-of-a-cactus-humping butt monkey!!
Janaki Sooriyarachchi|Granddad once told me that to truly love this life, you need to know its darkest corners. But if you can bring a bit of sunshine to the sunless, it can only be for the good. I mean, what else are we really here for on this earth? Think about it some day, when the spring mornings look so golden and green.
Jasmine Sandozz|Stop apologizing and censoring yourself, you have every right to feel the way you do. Your feelings, your struggles, your emotions are all valid.
Alan Rickman|Yes, Harry, you can love, said Dumbledore, who looked as though he knew perfectly well what Harry had just refrained from saying. Which, given everything that has happened to you, is a great and remarkable thing.
Rachel Gibson, Truly Madly Yours|I know. I know I’ve been a jerk, and I don’t have a good excuse. But touching you and loving you, and knowing you were planning to leave me, made me crazy. After we made love the second time, I began to think maybe you’d decide to stay with me. I started to think about you and me waking up every day together for the rest of our lives. I even thought about kids and taking some of those breathing classes when you got pregnant. Maybe buying one of those mini-vans.
Neil Gaiman|It's hard for me to believe that people who read very little - or not at all in some cases - should presume to write and expect people to like what they have written. Can I be blunt on this subject? If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time - or the tools - to write. Simple as that.
Eoin Colfer, The Eternity Code|So, Mr. Digence, home to visit the family?""That's right. My mother's folks are from Killarney.""Oh, really?""O'Reilly, actually. But what's a vowel between friends?""Very good. You should be on the stage.""It's funny you should mention that."The passport officer groaned. Ten more minutes and his shift would have been over. "I was being sarcastic, actually
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|If your ego is in good shape you will pretend you're surprised if a National Chairman calls you to tell you his party wants to nominate you for President of the United States, but you're not really surprised.
Sarah Waters, Tipping the Velvet|Children who are victimized through sexual abuse often begin to develop deeply held tenets that shape their sense of self: 'My worth is my sexuality. I'm dirty and shameful. I have no right to my own physical boundaries.' That shapes their ideas about the world around them: 'No one will believe me. Telling the truth results in bad consequences. People can't be trusted.' It doesn't take long for children to being to act in accordance with these belief systems.For girls who have experienced incest, sexual abuse, or rape, the boundaries between love, sex, and pain become blurred. Secrets are normal, and shame is a constant.
George MacDonald, A Dish of Orts|In very truth, a wise imagination, which is the presence of the spirit of God, is the best guide that man or woman can have; for it is not the things we see the most clearly that influence us the most powerfully; undefined, yet vivid visions of something beyond, something which eye has not seen nor ear heard, have far more influence than any logical sequences whereby the same things may be demonstrated to the intellect. It is the nature of the thing, not the clearness of its outline, that determines its operation. We live by faith, and not by sight.
Kendrick Lamar|Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God.
Cory Doctorow, Content: Selected Essays on Technology, Creativity, Copyright, and the Future of the Future|What the visual media could not carry into living rooms, the general public could not long remain exercised about. Statistically, a majority of the electorate could not or did not read complicated issues; no pictures, no news; no news, no event; no great sympathy on the part of the public nor sustained interest from the media: safe politics for the Company.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|She prayed to God to give him at least a moment so that he would not go without knowing how much she had loved him despite all their doubts, and she felt an irresistible longing to begin life with him over again so that they could say what they had left unsaid and do everything right that they had done badly in the past. But she had to give in to the intransigence of death.
Frederic Raphael|There is no technique, there is just the way to do it.Now, are we going to measure or are we going to cook?
Himmilicious|Sometimes I think, What a man gonna do with all this media publicity, Photos in newspapers, photography in and among the industry, references and contacts when he cannot help a friend, when he has no family life, and not Even a dog to welcome him after work hours!
G.A. Aiken, Supernatural|Every Problem has a Solution.Then where is the Problem?		How TRUE it is !!!Let’s make a promise today to yourself,Now on you will not get disturbed because of any problem. We have been granted a LIFE 	to give happiness to others while keeping ourselves happy.My dear friends do not let it go waste unnecessarily!!!
Katherine Mansfield|But as she looked over toward the doors, her breath caught. Her eyes locked on the deep blue ones of a man just entering. He was tall and muscular, his hair blonde and well cut. And he was dressed impeccably in a dark grey suit and a deep blue tie. But it was his eyes that drew her focus and made her heart beat faster.
Henry Selick|I'm not sure. But that bless-his/her-heart kind of melancholic humor is among my favorite things in the world. I guess it exposes a kind of humanity - or that's the hope, at least - a kind of grudging respect for human frailty. Unless it's actually kicking human frailty while it's down - I'm not sure.
Peter Navarro|Nothing can ever happen twice. In consequence, the sorry fact is that we arrive here improvised and leave without the chance to practice.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|It's only and always the two of us who are involved, she who wants me to give her what nature and circumstances kept, I who can't give what she demands; she who gets angry at my inadequacy and out of spite wants to reduce me to nothing, as she has done with herself, I who have written for months and months to give her a form whose boundaries won't dissolve, and defeat her, and calm her, and so in turn, calm myself.
Seon Stronghold|It is important to note that a transitional phase has to be uncomfortable for you to move on to the next stage, lest procrastination stymies you.
Homer, The Odyssey|Merciful God!" sighed the General. "We've arrived." And it was true. For there was the sea, and on the other side of the sea was the world.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|When asked about which scientist he'd like to meet, Neil deGrasse Tyson said, "Isaac Newton. No question about it. The smartest person ever to walk the face of this earth. The man was connected to the universe in spooky ways. He discovered the laws of motion, the laws of gravity, the laws of optics. Then he turned 26.
Michele Jennae, The Connectworker|We develop trust when we show that we are reliable, by doing what we say we are going to do to take care of that treasure, and then stepping it up by doing more, by anticipating problems and handling them before they even happen.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|One sometimes gets the impression that the mere words ‘Socialism’ and ‘Communism’ draw towards them with magnetic force every fruit-juice drinker, nudist, sandal-wearer, sex-maniac, Quaker, ‘Nature Cure’ quack, pacifist, and feminist in England.
Kristian Bush|When I write, what I long for is not more realism or fiction but more courage. That's what I always find myself short on and what I have to struggle to achieve in order that the work might live.
Chris Hadfield|Remove the predators, and the whole ecosystem begins to crash like a house of cards. As the sharks disappear, the predator-prey balance dramatically shifts, and the health of our oceans declines.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In a stream of life, we find the source of life.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Dreamers like your wife are limited, little Helldiver.” She makes sure I don’t speak.“Understand that. The only power they have is in death. The harder they die, the loudertheir voice, the deeper the echoes. But your wife served her purpose.
Zhuangzi|Today, I went to sleep under a plum tree. There, I dreamed I was a butterfly, flying so pleasently. Then, I fell asleep, and the dream ended. Now- I have to ask myself - am I Zhuang Zi who dreamed of a butterfly? Or am I that butterfly, dreaming I am Zhuang Zi?
William Clay Ford, Jr.|I try to push ideas away, and the ones that will not leave me alone are the ones that ultimately end up happening.
Akshay Vasu|I am a nyctophile, and I can't stop or help myself from falling in love for the darkest ends of your soul, rather than the light in your eyes.
Graham McTavish|I think honest communication, no matter where it comes from, is positive for a relationship.
Chris Van Allsburg|Every time you get on a stage or in front of a camera, the whole exercise is about imagination. You're constantly depicting something that doesn't exist, and trying to find the reality of it. Once you settle on that premise, everything else is a matter of degrees.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|As much as we don’t want to except it, there is a time limit to the best life God tries to offer you. When you disrespect it, push it away, play games with it, deny it, ignore it, are casually indecisive about it or hold it like a last resort, God gives it away to someone else that will cherish it more.
Gary Taubes|Since every piece of matter in the Universe is in some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe, it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of creation - every sun, every planet, their orbits, their composition and their economic and social history from, say, one small piece of fairy cake.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|You know, we queens loathed rain at the beach, small cocks, and reality, I think. In that order.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|Alas, woman is faithful as long as she loves, but you demand that she be faithful without love and give herself without enjoyment. Who is cruel then, woman or man?
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|Good gods, female,” Addolgar muttered. “What did you do with yourself before I came into your life?”“I lived quietly alone in my cave,” she snapped back. “And I was quite happy there, too.
A.D. Posey|I can’t sew, but I can spin one helluva yarn.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, The Seven Deadly Sins|...lies is lies. Howsever they come, they didn't ought to come, and they come from the father of lies, work round to the same.
Stephen King|If a fear cannot be articulated, it can't be conquered.
Ludwig van Beethoven|I was a very interested arts student, I was always into that part of school and when I got into high school I went into architectural drafting. It gave me an understanding of how to build things and it's really helped me put things in perspective. With my music and my movies, to me it's all art.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|Common sense is a skill to learn, and it is the foundation of all good business.
Pamela Palmer, Obsession Untamed|Tighe took control of his thoughts.“You need to use the bathroom. When I tell you to, go into the house. Two cats will try to comein with you. You must let them in. Don’t allow anyone to stop them. Once inside the house, you’llgo into the bathroom and close the door, pull down your pants, then curl up on the floor and go tosleep.”The bastard’s career would be over when they caught him, literally, with his pants down. But hedeserved it for kicking a cat.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|A happy birthday is measured not in the amount one of gifts, but in the amount one is loved.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa|You never felt jealousy, did you, Miss Eyre? Of course not: I need not ask you; because you never felt love. You have both sentiments yet to experience: your soul sleeps; the shock is yet to be given which shall waken it.
Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human|Society. I felt as though even I were beginning at last to acquire some vague notion of what it meant. It is a struggle between one individual to another, a then-and-there struggle, in which the immediate triumph is everything. ‘Human beings never submit to human beings.’ Even slaves practice their mean retaliations. Human beings cannot conceive of any means of survival except of a single then-and-there contest. They speak of duty to one’s country and such like things, but the object of their effort is invariably the individual, and, even once the individual’s needs have been met, again the individual comes in. The incomprehensibility of society is the incomprehensibility of the individual. The ocean is not society; it is individuals.
Pat Barker, The Ghost Road|We are Craiglockhart's success stories. Look at us. We don't remember, we don't feel, we don't think - at least beyond the confines of what's needed to do the job. By any proper civilized standard (but what does that mean now?) we are objects of horror. But our nerves are completely steady. And we are still alive.
Darrell Calkins|If you don’t practice presence, you never learn how to have busyness facilitate accomplishment.
Joyce Carol Oates|The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|To live consciously and courageously, to resonate with kindness and respect, to awaken the true spirit within others and to leave this world better than it was when i found it.
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|It was always the view of my parents," Emily said, "that hot weather encouraged loose morals among young people.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You may hit the bar, you may cross the forbidden line, you may cause many fouls, but when you stay on, you will definitely get your goals being the winning goals...
Rachel Caine, Paper and Fire|Because of the consequences of trying to be heard as a child, many adults are unable to take the risk of telling as adults. The fear of the consequences is almost debilitating. The abusers and controllers know that; they rely on it.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|The end of a melody is not its goal: but nonetheless, had the melody not reached its end it would not have reached its goal either. A parable.
Suzie Burke, Wholeness: My Healing Journey from Ritual Abuse|I am truly crazy, I told myself. It's over. I am not fixable. I cannot tell Tom. I cannot even tell Francisco. So I won't tell anyone. My brain seemed out of control. Tom does not deserve a crazy wife and my children do not deserve a crazy mother. I finally get it. This is not just repressed memory. This is dissociative identity disorder.
