Adil Aijaz, Detective Costello: The Mad Game|You and I both know that people see only what they want to see and believe what they want to believe. But just because a person chooses to not believe something, doesn't mean it's not real
Lois Lenski, Indian Captive: The Story of Mary Jemison|It don't matter what happens, if you're only srong and have great courage.
David Sloma, Brainjob|Life seemed ideal to him right then, and he was happy for the first time in a long time, and it felt like the sun was shining from his heart." - from the novel Brainjob by David Sloma.
Malala Yousafzai|As a teacher at Princeton, I'm surrounded by people who work hard so I just make good use of my time. And I don't really think of it as work - writing a novel, in one sense, is a problem-solving exercise.
Ben Shapiro|What the government wants is something they never had before. They want total awareness. The question is, is that something we should be allowing?
Shannon Huffman Polson, North of Hope: A Daughter's Arctic Journey|Resurrection does not come without crucifixion, and you cannot celebrate Easter without living Good Friday.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|The starry night sky echoed across my thoughts, the expanse of my own void filtered in its quiet solitude.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the light and source of life, and happiness is the delight and essence of life.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|When the long bygone Lee Po wanted to say something, he could do it with only a few words.
Amy Chua|The hallmark of our times is change and acceleration, but we have to provide the history.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The divine thoughts comes from God, we are only vessel for its transmission.
Anthony Marais|We've been around for a long time, Mr. Dowell. Longer than you or any of your stupid little friends could ever conceive. Sleeping in the shadows and waiting for the right moment. A disease you might call us. A plague. Evil. From beneath the ground, it rises as it has done many times in the past.
Natasha Larry, Common Descent|The functions of the human frame are, broadly speaking, known. They are a country, anyhow, that has been charted and mapped out. But outside that lie huge tracts of undiscovered country, which certainly exist, and the real pioneers of knowledge are those who, at the cost of being derided as credulous and superstitious, want to push on into those misty and probably perilous places. I felt that I could be of more use by setting out without compass or knapsack into the mists than by sitting in a cage like a canary and chirping about what was known. Besides, teaching is very very bad for a man who knows himself only to be a learner: you only need to be a self-conceited ass to teach.
Edward Gorey, Floating Worlds: The Letters of Edward Gorey & Peter F. Neumeyer|I just got a rather nasty shock. In looking for something or other I came across the fact that one of my cats is about to be nine years old, and that another of them will shortly thereafter be eight; I have been labouring under the delusion they were about five and six. And yesterday I happened to notice in the mirror that while I have long since grown used to my beard being very grey indeed, I was not prepared to discover that my eyebrows are becoming noticeably shaggy. I feel the tomb is just around the corner. And there are all these books I haven't read yet, even if I am simultaneously reading at least twenty...
Burt Rutan|We have to be plumbers, electricians, construction engineers, or workers, on the space station, but at the same time running a laboratory, being scientists, being the best laboratory assistants we can be. It's all in a bundle; it's very exciting, it's a lot of fun.
Sunday Adelaja|No matter where you live, live with dignity.
John Steinbeck, The Log from the Sea of Cortez|Adults, in their dealing with children, are insane," he [Ed Ricketts] said. "And children know it too. Adults lay down rules they would not think of following, speak truths they do not believe. And yet they expect children to obey the rules, believe the truths, and admire and respect their parents for this nonsense. Children must be very wise and secret to tolerate adults at all. And the greatest nonsense of all that adults expect children to believe is that people learn by experience. No greater lie was ever revered. And its falseness is immediately discerned by children since their parents obviously have not learned anything by experience. Far from learning, adults simply become set in a maze of prejudices and dreams and sets of rules whose origins they do not know and would not dare inspect for fear the whole structure might topple over on them. I think children instinctively know this," Ed said. "Intelligent children learn to conceal their knowledge and keep free of this howling mania.
Milton Berle|Poverty is not a disgrace, but it's terribly inconvenient
John Updike|The book you read and read well, over and over again, lives in you, becomes your thought and thinking pattern, teaches you all the time and keeps reminding about how to act and react towards things and occurrences’ in life!
Jaclyn Moriarty, A Tangle of Gold|Well, this might sound stupid but I think he was my best friend. Like the other half of me. I'm so scared something might have happened to him when he went back. I miss him so much sometimes I look at windows and I want to just walk right through them -- like press myself through the glass. I want their sharp edges to fragment me.
Sulaiman Abdul Aziz Al Rajhi|I was reading about all of these medical and psychological experimental programs that the government and various intelligence agencies had run throughout the 20th century. Any book you can read on that, there's some really horrifying and fascinating stuff that goes on there.
Albert Camus|I know positively… that each of us has the plague within him; no one, no one on earth, is free from it. And I know, too, that we must keep endless watch on ourselves lest in a careless moment we breathe in somebody’s face and fasten the infection on him. What’s natural is the microbe. All the rest – health, integrity, purity (if you like) – is a product of the human will, of a vigilance that must never falter. The good man, the man who infects hardly anyone, is the man who has the fewest lapses of attention. And it needs tremendous will power, a never ending tension of the mind, to avoid such lapses. Yes… it’s a wearying business, being plague-stricken. But it’s still more wearying to refuse to be it. That’s why everybody in the world today looks so tired; everyone is more or less sick of plague. But that is also why some of us, those who want to get the plague out of our systems, feel such desperate weariness, a weariness from which nothing remains to set us free, except death.
Abhysheq Shukla|Satisfaction is not the achievement of what we want, but the awareness of what we have.
Kelley York, Dirty London|We should tell ourselves, once and for all, that it is the first duty of the soul to become as happy, complete, independent, and great as lies in its power. Herein is no egoism, or pride. To become effectually generous and sincerely humble there must be within us a confident, tranquil, and clear comprehension of all that we owe to ourselves.
Hannah Garrison|I am strong... Extra-ordinarily so much more than you guys! Therefore, I am perfectly capable of kicking those titan scumbags' collective ass including on my own if I have to. Are you all such a bunch incompetents? You gutless spineless cowards. You just stay there and watch in helpless envy. Yeah, you do that. If it is (impossible), then I'll die... It's just that simple. But if I win, I get to live. You don't stand a single chance to win unless you fight.
Jessica Pare|When I started playing music, I was more of a character. Now I'm just me with a cool outfit on. I'm more comfortable being myself.
Alan Hirsch|You cannot force people to walk with God. You cannot force them to repent. All you can do is live with integrity and invite them to do so as well. Take things a step at a time. Give them consequences when they refuse to deal with serious issues, and pray. Pray like the dickens. Pray every step of the way.
Aqeel Rafique|I am not a Books warm, but I like Books too much.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|I'm sorry Penelope." "Don't waste my time with sorries,Simon.If we stop to apologize and forgive each other every time we step on each other's toes,we'll never have time to be friends.
Ben Abix|Learned and sociological accepted lines, boundaries, internal perimeters, and partitions diminish the creative space within our minds that's poised and ready.
Karl Wiggins, Self-Publishing In the Eye of the Storm|A real piece of writing is one in which the writer has tried to enrich not only the book, but also his understanding of the words. The words themselves have to be open to new ideas and suggestions, and the writer himself must have the audacity to attempt new things and to risk failure
Lysander Spooner|While everyone else is thinking about economics and politics, executive salaries and the future of the euro, do the opposite, even if it's hard. Invest in the spirit.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Long ago one of the Cynic philosophers strutted through the streets of Athens in a torn mantle to make himself admired by everyone by displaying his contempt for convention. One day Socrates met him and said: 'I see your vanity through the hole in your mantle.' Your dirt too, sir, is vanity, and your vanity is dirty.
Sylvester Stallone|Every man is his own ancestor, and every man is his own heir. He devises his own future, and he inherits his own past.
Matt Abrams, She's Toxic|A plop of rain hit me on the face, one of those early raindrops that turns up five minutes ahead of all the others to let you know it's time to get indoors.
Abraham M. Alghanem, Summer and Autumn|I think there's a little me hiding behind your leg, Chichi.""I'm Goten.""I'm Goku. Hi!"...."Daddy!
Tom Brokaw|I don't want to be perfect, but I do want to be a role model. My mom always tells me that imperfections equal beauty. All of us are imperfect.
Rashida Jones|Dogs really are perfect soldiers. They are brave and smart; they can smell through walls, see in the dark, and eat Army rations without complaint.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So because you are converting it, you are winning back your time.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|He'd gone from sixteen to seventy-five in a matter of seconds, but the old-man smell happened instantly, like boom. Congratulations! You stink!
Sarah Weeks, Pie|To my faithful readers, because a book is like a pie—the only thing more satisfying than cooking up the story is knowing that somebody might be out there eating it up with a spoon.
Johnny Moscato|Out of perverseness, I jumped on the subway and went down to a sound stage on Fourth Street to watch the shooting of Kay Doubleday's big strip scene in Mad Dog Coll, a gangster film that can still, to my embarrassment, be seen occasionally on late-night TV... Kay Doubleday was in my class at Lee Strasberg's; it was in the interest of art, I told myself, to watch her prance down a ramp, singing and stripping her heart out.
Ahmed Mostafa|Life is a bitch; you get used though, or you kill yourself. Either way, you're winning.
Tony Curl|A positive attitude leads to a positive action, which then yields a positive result. That’s how the cycle always goes. Nothing seems to be too difficult for people blessed with positive mindsets.
Robert Frost|To err is human; to forgive, divine.
Melissa Grabau|Until there is a reversal of the sense of values which cares more for size and appearance than for quality, there will be no solving the problem of food pollution.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Action|...All they were interested in was where she planned to get her tattoo."You're just going to have to use your imagination," she told them.Cooper snorted. "Becker is screwed then. He doesn't have any imagination.
J.R. Rim, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Through life's journey, may your feet rest on solid ground, your hands touch the prize of life, and your heart find contentment.
C.S. Lewis|What you have made me see,' answered the Lady, 'is as plain as the sky, but I never saw it before. Yet is has happened every day. One goes into the forest to pick food and already the thought of one fruit rather than another has grown up in one’s mind. Then, may it be, one finds a different fruit and not the fruit one thought of. One joy was expected and another is given. But this I had never noticed before–that the very moment of the finding there is in the mind a kind of thrusting back, or setting aside. The picture of the fruit you have not found is still, for a moment, before you. And if you wished–if it were possible to wish–you could keep it there. You could send your soul after the good you had expected, instead of turning it to the good you had got. You could refuse the real good; you could make the real fruit taste insipid by thinking of the other.
Gerald Morris, Parsifal's Page|Oh, God,” Magnus said. “They’re dead. They’re all dead.
David H. Murdock|I always had a sense that I would fall in love with Tokyo. In retrospect I guess it's not that surprising. I was of the generation that had grown up in the '80s when Japan was ascendant (born aloft by a bubble whose burst crippled its economy for decades), and I'd fed on a steady diet of anime and samurai films.
Jennifer Shirk, Sunny Days for Sam|Sunny laughed. "It's okay. You're right, Emma. My name is unusual, but I like to think of it as... special also."Special?Sam cocked his head as he studied Sunny. Almost all of her hair had escaped out of her ponytail now. She wore a baggy pink sweatshirt and had on the kind of drawstring plaid pants that would've set Bozo the Clown's heart pitter-pattering with envy. Her yellow tennis shoes were covered with dog hair.Yeah, special was one word for her.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Dream delivers us to dream, and there is no end to illusion. Life is like a train of moods like a string of beads, and, as we pass through them, they prove to be many-colored lenses which paint the world their own hue. . . . 
L.A. Casey, Ryder|No Tyson, the guy in the story did not attract the attention of a moose. Tyson is sad now.
Tulsidas, Ramcharitmanas|There is a great difference between one idler and another idler. There is someone who is an idler out of laziness and lack of character, owing to the baseness of his nature. If you like, you may take me for one of those. Then there is the other kind of idler, the idler despite himself, who is inwardly consumed by a great longing for action who does nothing because his hands are tied, because he is, so to speak, imprisoned somewhere, because he lacks what he needs to be productive, because disastrous circumstances have brought him forcibly to this end. Such a one does not always know what he can do, but he nevertheless instinctively feels, I am good for something! My existence is not without reason! I know that I could be a quite a different person! How can I be of use, how can I be of service? There is something inside me, but what can it be? He is quite another idler. If you like you may take me for one of those.
Erving Polster, Gestalt Therapy Integrated: Contours of Theory & Practice|We want to hear the story first and let the meaning unfold, rather than to be present with expectations of a certain significance into which all behavior is then fitted.
Michael D. Higgins|While one finds company in himself and his pursuits, he cannot feel old, no matter what his years may be.
Shannon Hale|Being a writer is a good, good thing.
Hunter S. Thompson|There is much to be said in favor of modern journalism. By giving us the opinions of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch of the ignorance of the community. By carefully chronicling the current events of contemporary life, it shows us of what very little importance such events really are. By invariably discussing the unnecessary, it makes us understand what things are requisite for culture, and what are not.
R.K. Lilley, Breaking Him|You were wrong, Gram," I said softly, tone emotionless because I was resigned to the awful, lonely truth of it. "Love doesn't save our souls. It kills them.
Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever|I would wear pink because I knew my future was anything but rosy. I would accessorize myself to the hilt, and I would wear flirty shoes because my world needed more beauty to counter all the ugliness in it. I would wear pink because I hated gray, I didn’t deserve white, and I was sick of black.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Sorvus's eyes widened then fell as she accepted whatever fate had in store for her. "It will be as it will, Thristan." Thristan looked at her intently, bringing his head back with a frustrated sigh. "Ah, this 'destiny' crap you all talk about!
Melissa de la Cruz, Revelations|Even if they end up together, which I highly doubt, given the strength of that particular bond-...-but even if Schuyler still loves him, or thinks she does, it doesn't matter. Because Jack is going to leave her one day. i know he will. He's too much for Schuyler. They're wrong for each other. Anyone can see that. And when he leaves her, I'll be there. However long it takes, I'll still be there for her. Waiting.
Dorothy Stratten|There are no ugly women, only lazy ones.
Debasish Mridha|I am drunk with love and afraid of nothing.I am melting like happiness, enjoying everything.
Courtney Anderson, To the Golden Shore: The Life of Adoniram Judson|Nowhere in a hospital can you walk without blundering into the memory pools of strangers—their dread of what was imminent in their lives, their false hopes, the wild elation of their hopes, their sudden terrible and irrefutable knowledge; you would not wish to hear echoes of their whispered exchanges—But he was looking so well yesterday, what has happened to him overnight—
Charles de Montesquieu|Even at our birth, death does but stand aside a little. And every day he looks towards us and muses somewhat to himself whether that day or the next he will draw nigh.
Betty Shabazz|As one retiring chief executive said to his successor "Yesterday was the last day you heard the truth from your subordinates."
Robert Kunzig|This is the "burglar-alarm" theory of bioluminescence: by turning on its lights, an animal may create enough of a scene to draw the attention of its predator's predator, and thereby perhaps save itself. The corollary of the burglar-alarm theory is the minefield theory. It says the reason so many animals tend to hang motionless in the deep, even fish, is to avoid setting off light explosions that would expose them to their enemies - their predators or their prey. Life in the midwater, in this view, is a tense affair (though the denizens do not know it) in which everyone is waiting stealthily in the dark, moving slowly if at all, watching and waiting for someone to turn on a light and for something to happen.
Howard Schwartz, Lilith's Cave: Jewish Tales of the Supernatural|Disciples of Jesus Christ have had a profound life-altering experience. They have encountered a supernatural personality, revealed in history as Jesus Christ, the Son of the Living God, the Messiah. And they have discovered the meaning and purpose of their lives in the subsequent revelation of his continuing presence to them. The experience demands a faithful, reliable witness.What would public opinion say of a person who discovered the absolute cure for AIDS, but was unwilling to share that cure with a world that so desperately needs it? What if the antidote were kept hidden and made use of by only the discoverer and his family? We would consider it an moral outrage and he or she would be infamous. Why? We expect the cure to be shared, not only shared, but made available to all as soon as possible!
Mark Slouka, Brewster|Sometimes fate or life or whatever you want to call it, leaves a door a little open and you walk through it. But sometimes it locks the door and you have to find the key, or pick the lock, or knock the damn thing down. And sometimes, it doesn’t even show you the door, and you have to build it yourself.
Emil M. Cioran|Where personal experience is concerned, we all speak a different language.
Henry de Montherlant, Les jeunes filles|...it was no longer a matter of whether I would steal or lie or murder; it was a simple, urgent matter of public pride, a matter of how much I had in common with other people.
Heidi Heilig, The Ship Beyond Time|Faye keeps forgetting what she'll be giving up if she decides to stay here. Access to modern medicine, for starters. In 2015 people can survive cancer, tuberculosis, scarlet fever. Vaccines eradicated polio and measles. Do you really want to live in a world with iron lungs and polio, Faye? Do you?” “I guess I could go back to 2015 and live in a world with meth, heroin, terrorism, HIV and Ebola. Huge improvement, right?
Brennan Manning, The Relentless Tenderness of Jesus|The only cure for suffering is to face it head on, grasp it round the neck and use it.
Theodore Roosevelt|Moving on, is a simple thing, what it leaves behind is hard.
Rachel Stevens|When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|When you read a book and its words agree with what you think, your view of the world or your feelings at the time, you discover that there are people out there that think like you. That takes away a feeling of loneliness.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys.
J.R. Ward, The Black Dagger Brotherhood: An Insider's Guide|So in the sweltering heat of a July night, I sang a Christmas carol to a room full of fae, who had been driven out of their homelands by Christians and their cold-iron swords.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|Oh look, yet another Christmas TV special! How touching to have the meaning of Christmas brought to us by cola, fast food, and beer.... Who'd have ever guessed that product consumption, popular entertainment, and spirituality would mix so harmoniously? 
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Mystery, why so attractive to me?You blind me with fear, place hope on my tongue, and with a cold kiss draw me forward. Wary and trembling, I follow.
Steve Shallenberger, Becoming Your Best: The 12 Principles of Highly Successful Leaders|If you REALLY want to know what another person is like, notice how he or she treats the less fortunate or those without position or title.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.
Trina Paulus, Hope for the Flowers|It is in the nature of things to be drawn to the very experiences that will spoil our innocence, transform our lives, and give us necessary complexity and depth.
Scott E. Spradlin|Even you, the professional helper, often mistaken for the enlightened Guru or Staretz, can become lost in your thoughts that you must be competent without fault. You may become enthralled with your identity as a professional, even the pressures of the culture of mastery that expects you to heal your clients without fail. Never mind all of the variables over which you have no control, it is up to you, according to the canons of mastery, to control the health and well-being of those for whom you provide professional care. This potentiates a furthering alienation between you and your clients. You are at risk to become, if you have not already, the one who does to your clients; to be the one the active subject acting upon the passive and receptive objects, your clients; to be the one in possession of special knowledge, technique and mastery. All of this conspires to coax or coerce you into treating your client as reduced, a mere case. Unawareness to these influences gives you little chance to consider their influence on your practice in the clinical setting, much less give attentive efforts to resist or change them.
Page  Turner, Poly Land: My Brutally Honest Adventures in Polyamory|It’s natural to avoid the things we fear. Seeking out what terrifies me seems insane on a certain level, but more and more, the longer I’m alive, I find myself drawn to my most intense feelings, both good and bad. It seems that they are screaming out to me for a reason and that I have to know what they’re trying to say.
Virginia Woolf|Therefore, have done with this nonsense: you have no ground for hope: dismiss, at once, these hurtful thoughts and foolish wishes from your mind, and turn to your own duty, and the dull blank life that lies before you. You might have known such happiness was not for you.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam|Sometimes, it's better to bunk a class and enjoy with friends, because now, when I look back, marks never make me laugh, but memories do.
Kimsan|If you want to live like a normal person, you are already part of history.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Aren't you afraid of dying?Not really. I've watched lots of good-for-nothing, worthless people die, and if people like that can do it, then I should be able to handle it.
Fiona Apple|At a very young age, my beloved mother passed away from leukemia, forcing my father to become a single dad. Rather than coddle me, shelter me, or do things for me, he taught me to 'Make the Case' for everything in life - from my first job to a graduation trip I wanted.
Christopher Hitchens|There is almost no country in Africa where it is not essential to know to which tribe, or which subgroup of which tribe, the president belongs. From this single piece of information you can trace the lines of patronage and allegiance that define the state.
Gena Showalter, Seduce the Darkness|What was worse, he couldn't tell her how much he thought he maybe might kinda sorta love her.
George Gamow, The Creation of the Universe|It took less than an hour to make the atoms, a few hundred million years to make the stars and planets, but five billion years to make man!
Mia Hamm|The backbone of success is...hard work, determination, good planning, and perserverence.
Michael Hayden|There's this movie, 'Zero Dark Thirty' about the hunt for Osama bin Laden. Some have complained that too many 'secrets' were dished out by the intelligence and special operations communities to director Kathryn Bigelow, screenwriter Mark Boal and their crew, part of a broader pattern of using intelligence for political effect.
Ari Marmell, Thief's Covenant|Genevieve hunched her shoulders against the storm of sound and fury and struggled to imagine a worse sort of hell. Widdershins, of course, seemed perfectly happy, but Widdershins was weird.
Kami Garcia|Coming into your powers can be a very confusing time. Perhaps there is a book on the subject. If you like, we can go see Marian."Yeah, right. Choices and Changes. A Modern Girl's Guide to Casting. My Mom Wants to Kill Me: A Self-Help Book For Teens.
Andrew Solomon|Here’s the conundrum: We want to tell our stories! But if condensation is the language of wishes—especially the most verboten and destructive ones—the more you spell the story out, the less aesthetically charged it becomes. The question is whether untransformed experience can ever be aesthetically powerful, or whether it’s simply interesting. Literary language is one solution, with its habits of duality—metaphor, irony—and other techniques for saying opposing things at once. For haunting the reader with ghosts of buried meanings.Your story may be interesting, but what if, paradoxically, it’s what you can’t say that makes it lasting?
Farshad Asl|How to make life peaceful and happy?The answer is simple and easy: Just delete all negative and destructive people from your life always and forever.Neither remorse nor emotional reaction.It's your turn to take action.Now, soulfully enjoy your life as the way you love.It's amazingly peaceful and happy life!
Kimberly Lewis|There are no guarantees with love,’ her father said, reading her mind. ‘You can’t hold some of it back, like a deposit, so you can get your money back if something goes wrong. You have to give yourself wholeheartedly, whatever the cost.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|A clear line of distinctness must be drawn between the environment of the body and the environment of the mind or both the body and the mind be regarded as intertwined and be deprived of strength and efficiency. When the body is in crises, the mind must not be and when the mind is in crises, the body must not be. Such is tenacity and nimbleness
Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead|If you follow the devil, your journey will end up in the hell! This is what happens to those who follow the dictators!
José Ramos-Horta, A Matter of Principle: Humanitarian Arguments for War in Iraq|Sometimes, a war saves people.
Erica Sehyun Song|We share a bond. We do everything together. We have a piece of strong, invisible thread connecting us. It’s indestructible – it can never be broken. The thread is the key item that links us together. We understand each other.
Alexander Pope|Champagne, if you are seeking the truth, is better than a lie detector. It encourages a man to be expansive, even reckless, while lie detectors are only a challenge to tell lies successfully.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Ending Syria's Occupation Of Lebanon: The U.S. Role|Sometimes when people are under stress, they hate to think, and it's the time when they most need to think.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|This time last year I would have run to Sam Hamilton to talk.""Maybe both of us have got a piece of him," said Lee. Maybe that's what immortality is.
Jasper Fforde, The Last Dragonslayer|That's the thing about destiny: It can't be predicted, and it's usually pretty odd.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|He was lying there on his death bed, and he asked for her as his last wish.She came with tears in her eyes. He held her hand and said with a smile," I wish I died daily", And then a flat line.
Paul Hoffman|Force is as pitiless to the man who possesses it as it is to its victims - the second it crushes, the first it intoxicates. The truth is that nobody really possesses a great kind of power for long. Those who have it on loan from Fate count on it too much and are themselves destroyed.
Jack Kerouac|It’s a sort of furtiveness … Like we were a generation of furtive. You know, with an inner knowledge there’s no use flaunting on that level, the level of the ‘public’, a kind of beatness – I mean, being right down to it, to ourselves, because we all really know where we are – and a weariness with all the forms, all the conventions of the world … It’s something like that. So I guess you might say we’re a beat generation.
Natalie Goldberg|You can't let a failure keep you down, because if you stay down after you fail, you are going to stay down for good.
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War|They will have difficulties to overcome,' I admitted. 'Including the differences in their religions. However, marriage is always a chancy business, Katherine. I have known individuals who appeared perfectly suited, by family background, religion, and nationality, who were thoroughly miserable.' 'So you believe in taking the chance?' 'Certainly. What is life without some risk?
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|Slowly, my feelings started to shrivel up. The few that managed to survive the constant beatings staggered around like wounded baby deer, just biding their time until they could die and join all the other carcasses strewn across the wasteland of my soul.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield|I was 25 myself once. I also thought I knew everything. I also thought that I could give singers singing advice and comics comedy advice. When you're that age, you know it all, so I understand it. But when you're tired and you don't have patience for it, you definitely snap.
Mary Karr|When our internal reference point is the ego or self-image, we feel cut off from our source, and the uncertainty of events creates fear and doubt.
seventhswan, The Side Effects of Forgetting|Genius is a sovereign power; it forms schools; it lays hold on the spirits of men, with irresistible might; and it exercises an immeasurable influence on the whole condition of human life. This sovereignty of genius is a gift of God, possessed only by his grace. It is subject to no one and is responsible to him alone who has granted it this ascendancy.
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|Suppressing the fear of death makes it all the stronger. The point is only to know, beyond any shadow of doubt, that "I" and all other "things" now present will vanish, until this knowledge compels you to release them - to know it now as surely as if you had just fallen off the rim of the Grand Canyon. Indeed you were kicked off the edge of a precipice when you were born, and it's no help to cling to the rocks falling with you. If you are afraid of death, be afraid. The point is to get with it, to let it take over - fear, ghosts, pains, transience, dissolution, and all.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Without the rocks, the streams will lose their song
Tod Bolsinger, Canoeing the Mountains: Christian Leadership in Uncharted Territory|Relational congruence is the ability to be fundamentally the same person with the same values in every relationship, in every circumstance and especially amidst crisis. It is the internal capacity to keep promises to God, to self and to one's relationships that consistently express one's identity and values in spiritually and emotionally healthy ways. Relational congruence is about both constancy and care at the same time. It is about both character and affection, and self-knowledge and authentic self-expression. Relational congruence is the leader's ability to cultivate strong, healthy, caring relationships; maintaining healthy boundaries; and communicating clear expectations, all while staying focused on the mission.
Edward VIII|I tried writing this book about a singer in a wedding band, but realized I only wanted to write the book so I could have an excuse to sing with a wedding band as research. That's not a good enough reason to write a book.
Michele Bardsley, Cross Your Heart|On this sacred path of Radical Acceptance, rather than striving for perfection, we discover how to love ourselves into wholeness.
Julia Crane|All I'm saying is I think you deserve better,” Case said. “From my point of view, anyway. You deserve better.”I threw my head back on the sofa and laughed. It was a harsh laugh with no mirth. “Most of the time, I don't think I deserve better.”“Everyone deserves better.”“Not me.” I didn't look at him. “No one else would want me. I've royally fucked up. Everything. There isn't anything better out there. Anything or anyone.”“Yeah, there is.” “Oh, really?” I brought my eyes back to him. “And where exactly would I find better?” It was quiet for a moment. Then he said,“Well, you might start with me.
Osman Welela, Of Men Made Gods|To an ignorant lady, she wants to look attractive and beautiful while some conscienceless men prey on her life.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|It is only because we seek love as if it lives outside of us that we miss it, again and again.
Nicholas Christopher, The True Adventures of Nicolo Zen|The viola and the clarinet made for an interesting pairing: we had to imagine the accompaniment of other instruments, ideally a violin and a cello.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Words let you know what is in someone’s mind, deeds let you know what is in someone’s heart, and character lets you know what is in someone’s soul.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|I can very well do without God both in my life and in my painting, but I cannot, suffering as I am, do without something which is greater than I, which is my life, the power to create.
Rory Stewart|I come from a culture of handwringers, vengeance seekers, people who name children after ancestors by rote -- first child, paternal grandfather, second child, maternal, and on and on and on.
Jack Canfield|Actions, not words, are the ultimate results of leadership.
Steven Magee|If God needs to condemn anything to hell, it ought to be the idea of social death. Every day we commit an act of revolution, an act of treason, against a system that was never meant to guarantee our survival.
Somaly Mam, The Road of Lost Innocence: The True Story of a Cambodian Heroine|I strongly believe that love is the answer and that it can mend even the deepest unseen wounds. Love can heal, love can console, love can strengthen, and yes, love can make change.
Liane Moriarty, The Last Anniversary|You think terrible things happened on the battlefields, but terrible things happened in ordinary suburban homes.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|This struggle between good and evil, fresh and stale, new and decrepit,between the vigor of moral youth and the dotage of senility, is of positive benefit, for it keeps the perennial moral values alive
Barbara Delinsky, Blueprints|Especially at a time when one's life was new, roots helped.
Graham Parke|Sadly, my socks are like snowflakes, no two are exactly alike.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I don't mind being alone either. The only problem is that if you're always alone, you get lonely.
Dee Lestari, Madre: Kumpulan Cerita|Life is sweet absurdity, Sir Wizard. Laugh your way through it.
Robyn Griggs Lawrence, The Wabi-Sabi House: The Japanese Art of Imperfect Beauty|That was our first home. Before I felt like an island in an ocean, before Calcutta, before everything that followed. You know it wasn’t a home at first but just a shell. Nothing ostentatious but just a rented two-room affair, an unneeded corridor that ran alongside them, second hand cane furniture, cheap crockery, two leaking faucets, a dysfunctional doorbell, and a flight of stairs that led to, but ended just before the roof (one of the many idiosyncrasies of the house), secured by a sixteen garrison lock, and a balcony into which a mango tree’s branch had strayed. The house was in a building at least a hundred years old and looked out on a street and a tenement block across it. The colony, if you were to call it a colony, had no name. The house itself was seedy, decrepit, as though a safe-keeper of secrets and scandals. It had many entries and exits and it was possible to get lost in it. And in a particularly inspired stroke of whimsy architectural genius, it was almost invisible from the main road like H.G. Wells’ ‘Magic Shop’. As a result, we had great difficulty when we had to explain our address to people back home. It went somewhat like this, ‘... take the second one from the main road….and then right after turning left from Dhakeshwari, you will see a bird shop (unspecific like that, for it had no name either)… walk straight in and take the stairs at the end to go to the first floor, that’s where we dwell… but don’t press the bell, knock… and don't walk too close to the cages unless you want bird-hickeys…’’('Left from Dhakeshwari')
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|The essence of all human rights is the equality of the entire human race, which the Qur’ān assumed, affirmed, and confirmed. It obliterated all distinctions among men except goodness and virtue (taqwā): The reason the Qur’ān emphasizes essential human equality is that the kind of vicious superiority which certain members of this species assert over others is unique among all animals. This is where human reason appears in its most perverted forms.
Deepak Chopra, Why Is God Laughing?: The Path to Joy and Spiritual Optimism|Our prayers can go where we cannot...there are no borders, no prison walls, no doors that are closed to us when we pray.
JOEL NYARANGI AKOYA|Like the bees, we are - only looking for sweet honey in the flowers, we are -sensitive and at the same time carefully;but we never destroy them.
Robert A. Heinlein|I, too, like yourself was a good party man: my party was that of the Church; I was ultramontane. Your party system is one of your thefts from our Church; your National Convention is our Ecunemic Council; you abdicate reason, as we do, before its decisions; and you yourself Mr. Ratcliffe, you are a Cardinal.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|When you are clear on your calling, you command the universe to bid to your voice
R.K. Lilley, Mile High|I’m thinking ahead, imagining what our lives together would be like once we’re free from this hell and allowed to live and let go. You know? Really let go of our pain and finally enjoy each other … you and me.
Tad Williams|It seems to me we have been in a rhetorical arms race in this country, with each side unwilling to lay down its weapons for fear - usually justified - the other side would beat them to a pulp.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The intelligent are candles,the virtuous are torches,the wise are lamps,and the enlightened are stars.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders don't fall in gutters of fear; only negative ideas flow in that canal. There, you will see filthy things like doubts and disbelief.
Silvia Hartmann, Sorcerer and Apprentice|It is the hardest thing of all, the one thing that will show if you have the one true courage. To know that you have failed, that your best efforts have been defeated, to not be able to stand it, to not be able to go on and yet to go on nonetheless.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion|No one can travel so far that he does not make some progess each day. So let us never give up. Then we shall move forward daily in the Lord's way. And let us never despair because of our limited success. Even though it is so much less than we would like, our labour is not wasted when today is better than yesterday!
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Time is not a line but a dimension, like the dimensions of space. If you can bend space you can bend time also, and if you knew enough and could move faster than light you could travel backward in tie and exist in two places at once.
Lauren Wolk, Wolf Hollow|But the wind always swept my words away like cloud shadows, as if it mattered more that I said them, than who heard them.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|Saint Laurent has excellent taste. The more he copies me, the better taste he displays. - Coco Chanel
Kameron Hurley, The Geek Feminist Revolution|If you think there’s a thing—anything—women didn’t do in the past, you’re wrong.
Werley Nortreus, Best Quotes of Werley Nortreus|Stop thinking that racism is fun until a racist person get under your skin, that's when you'll know racism is not fun.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Her stare was direct and unwavering, full of confidence earned from painful experience...
Oksana Baiul|Architecture is about aging well, about precision and authenticity. There is much more to the success of a building than what you can see. I'm not suggesting that gestural architecture is always superficial, but solid reasoning has its place.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|The idea that women are 'our own worst enemies' forces us to admit that we don't have the power to be, even if we wanted too.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|I am talking to you, but the moment I am talking to you, the universe is being created and destroyed.
Guadalupe Nettel|There are so many different forms of silence: the silence that tyrannical states force on their citizens, stealing their memories, rewriting their histories, and imposing on them a state-sanctioned identity. Or the silence of witnesses who choose to ignore or not speak the truth, and of victims who at times become complicit in the crimes committed against them. Then there are the silences we indulge in about ourselves, our personal mythologies, the stories we impose upon our real lives.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|If there’s a single lesson that life teaches us, it’s that wishing doesn't make it so. Words and thoughts don’t change anything. Language and reality are kept strictly apart — reality is tough, unyielding stuff, and it doesn't care what you think or feel or say about it. Or it shouldn't. You deal with it, and you get on with your life.
Indigo Ocean|If you want to have peace of mind, you need to listen to your heart or your inner nature. If you want to have peace of mind, you need to listen to your heart or your inner nature.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|I wanted a love thick with time, as inscrutable as if a lathe had carved it from night and as familiar as the marrow in my bones. I wanted the impossible, which made it that much easier to push out of my mind.
Jack Weatherford, Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World|The first key to leadership was self-control, particularly the mastery of pride, which was something more difficult, he explained, to subdue than a wild lion and anger, which was more difficult to defeat than the greatest wrestler. He warned them that "if you can't swallow your pride, you can't lead.
Melissa Marr, Stopping Time|This made my father laugh. 'Mary made a cake, did she? Well, well. Better that than she should make a cake for herself, I suppose.'Peter then burst out: 'Why must you always be making a game of Mary? 'Tis not fair; 'tis not sporting.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|It goes without saying that even those of us who are going to hell will get eternal life—if that territory really exists outside religious books and the minds of believers, that is. Having said that, given the choice, instead of being grilled until hell freezes over, the average sane human being would, needless to say, rather spend forever idling in an extremely fertile garden, next to a lamb or a chicken or a parrot, which they do not secretly want to eat, and a lion or a tiger or a crocodile, which does not secretly want to eat them.
Md. Ziaul Haque|Thinking is translating 'prosaic-ideas' without accessories" since ideas (in brain) do not follow any metrical composition.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|Don’t believe in the fate society chose for you. Instead, carve out a new fate for yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With prayer of thanks, I wait in patient for God to act.
Holly Bourne|She has her own brand of strength,brought to the surface by the dim glow of the streetlight and the whisper of night air on her skin.
Sarah MacLean|I think there’s a ton of fear in the perception of romance in part because there’s something very realistic in great romance — namely, that women have the right to demand relationships that are based on equality and honesty and trust and, yes, a great sex life.
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|padamu senja aku tak bisa tuk tak jatuh cinta, meski padamu pun engkau menenggelamkannya
Tillie Olsen|Women want love to be a novel, men a short story.
Trishala D. Shah|We cannot help where we are born or how we are raised," Tel Hesani said. "But we can reject the twisted beliefs of those around us if we need to. Our loved ones and elders don't always know what is best. A man should listen to his heart and make his own decisions about what is wrong and what is right.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|Falsity consists in the privation of knowledge, which inadequate, fragmentary, or confused ideas involve.
Taylor Swift|What's at the heart of my faith is a belief that there's a creator. That we're all children of the same God. And that, fundamentally, the relationship you have with your spouse is important and eternal.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|If God did not reveal himself with word-by-wordprecision, then He has placed the revelation oftruth into the incompetent hands of fallen man.That would prove hopelessly imbecilic. He whorevealed Himself with exactness in “natural” creationchose the precise words, sentences and paragraphs to compile one Book in which we have His perfect Word.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|If you run into a brick wall, don't become discouraged. A brick wall is only held together by cement, but you are held together by God. The right tool and the use of force can tear down its wall, while you are still standing.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|In the first place , I was removed from all the wickedness of the world here. I had neither the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, or the pride of life. I had nothing to covet; for I had all that I was now capable of enjoying.
ShahenshahHK|Success is all about believing, always visualizing what you want to do and want to be and act accordingly on it until become it reality.
Tim O'Brien, In the Lake of the Woods|I used to sleep the sleep of someone who knew she was loved. Now, I didn't.
Jamais Cascio|With increasing fervor since the 1980s, sustainability has been the watchword of scientists, environmental activists, and indeed all those concerned about the complex, fragile systems on the sphere we inhabit. It has shaped debates about business, design, and our lifestyles.
Zarina Bibi|We want Allah to forgive us, yet we are not willing to forgive others.Desire the same that you wish for your enemy,Pray for those who harmed you with the same passion that you pray for yourself.Be willing to open heaven’s door for your enemy.The greatest compassion lies in forgiveness.
Sandra Chami Kassis|People often speak of hell, not wanting to go there, avoiding it..etc. I never had that problem because hell is a state of mind. Look around you; rape, murder, wars, hatred, envy...my friend; you're already there!!
Richard Carmona|If we could give every individual the right amount of nourishment and exercise, not too little and not too much, we would have found the safest way to health.
Rebecca Solnit, A Paradise Built in Hell|The monitor presently shows the Windows Blue Screen of Death, though this does not alarm him, as the BSoD is the universal screen saver in Hell.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Brute force will sometimes get you through a challenge, but usually not without hurting and depleting yourself in the process.
Abhijit Naskar|Harmony and Peace do not rise from any church, temple, mosque or synagogue. They can only rise from individual human conscience.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lover of books, lover of knowledge.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I really love to read bedtime story for my kids before they fall asleep.Making them so excited and inspired, it's truly my favorite quality time.
Lisa St. Aubin de Terán, The Palace the Palace|The palace started as a single vaulted room and grew in proportion to my despair. It began as an exercise to keep my mind from its melancholy, then it became a dream and a necessity. . . . I built a temple in my head. . . . Its hallways were as lofty as a cathedral, and the arch of each window as supple as a bow. Its corridors were the passages of my own brain.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|Maybe we're just falling stars, we once danced in the same skyline looking down at the world. And we've fallen like all others, from near and far, we've gathered together, but separated by time and space, keeping a part of that light that we've came with and spreading it in this dark world that we've chosen to live in, in order to shine some light and love around. Maybe we've chosen to believe one truth today, and find it to be false tomorrow. Maybe we're trying to not get attached to the idea that we now know it all. At night, we see the truth of where we've fallen from, gazing in that night sky full of distant stars, constellations, planets, the reflection of the sun on the moon, all with their own stories to tell. Sometimes we wonder why would we leave such a mysterious place, with an infinite amount of stories and wonders. Maybe it's because as stars we could've only seen each other's light from afar, but here we can listen more carefully to each other's story, embrace each other and kiss, discover more and more of what can be seen when infinite star dust potential is put into one body and given freedom to walk the Earth and wander, love and enjoy every moment until coming back. Maybe in the morning, we'll only see one star shining up there and forget the others. Maybe that is also how life and death is, and the beauty of the sunrise and sunset that come in between, our childhood years and old years, when we reflect on the stars that we once were and that we will once again be. Maybe, just maybe.
Elvis Mitchell|The director Sofia Coppola's new comic melodrama, 'Lost in Translation,' thoroughly and touchingly connects the dots between three standards of yearning in movies: David Lean's 'Brief Encounter,' Richard Linklater's 'Before Sunrise' and Wong Kar-wai's 'In the Mood for Love.'
Brenda Song|Dictators, unlike Democrats, depend on a small coterie to sustain their power. These backers, generally drawn from the military, the senior civil service, and family or clan members, have a synergistic relationship with their dictator. The dictator delivers opportunities for them to become rich, and they protect him from being overthrown.
Norman Corwin, The Rivalry|Outside he hurried again, for he had several blocks to walk and the beer turned out to be no more than cool. He told himself he would remember next time to deal from the bottom - but the civil sirens sounded, surprising him with his silly private thought. That's what they blow them for. Thought is a national product, issued, like survival, on a day to day basis. There you go. Until tomorrow. When he understood this would be a long one today, he hurried on.
Neil A. Maxwell|I want all my drems to come true,But for that I have to keep patience and burn the midnight oil.
Toni Sorenson|Why have you been my friend when I didn’t deserve friendship?” “Because friendship isn’t something anyone deserves…it’s just one of those blessings of life, you can’t earn…love has no price tag.
Bozo Laura|Always remember that no matter how beautiful you are, you're only as beautiful as the level of respect and love you give to your ownself. Ofcourse, along the way you will make mistakes and some mistakes will pull you to your lowest, but every mistake CAN always be fixed to heal your soul to regain your beauty. Those that can't be fixed, are actually intentional that tend to continue. So be faithful to your ownself and live up to your beauty.
Enza Vita|Not knowing anything, not searching for anything, understanding that we can’t hold on to anything, leaves us with nothing — nothing except our original nature, pure awareness.
Dave Champion|I tell you, I'm half tempted to break into CIA custody just so I can break Joe Solomon out of CIA custody just so I can break Joe Solomon
J.T. Bock, A Surefire Way|There’s a head inside the ball?” Surefire turned a shade paler along the edges of her face paint.“It is good,” Coatl responded. “Makes the ball lighter, bounce farther.”“You always want to get a head in the game,” Raven added.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Have I not commanded thee? Be strong and of good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the Lord thy God is with thee withersoever thou goest. Joshua 1:9
C. JoyBell C.|I see myself as a Scottish sky: there are rain clouds, rainbows and sunrays that run and overtake one another, mingle together and dance with each other! You see all of this within seconds of looking up! It’s a living sky, it breathes and it’s real! And I think that when you look at me, you’ll see my rain clouds first, because only after rainclouds can there come the rainbows. You see, if the rainbows come first, then the rainbows aren’t even real, so I think that if people deserve to see my real rainbows, then they will just know that they need to stick around through the rain! Like a Scottish sky, I want to be real and breathing and running. I don’t want to be a clear blue all the time, or a dark grey all the time or have fake rainbows painted onto me; I want to be Scottish.
Deidre Huesmann, First Spell: Book 1 of the Bayou Witches|Fire In The HeavensFire in the heavens, and fire along the hills,and fire made solid in the flinty stone,thick-mass'd or scatter'd pebble, fire that fillsthe breathless hour that lives in fire alone.This valley, long ago the patient bedof floods that carv'd its antient amplitude,in stillness of the Egyptian crypt outspread,endures to drown in noon-day's tyrant mood.Behind the veil of burning silence bound,vast life's innumerous busy littlenessis hush'd in vague-conjectured blur of soundthat dulls the brain with slumbrous weight, unlesssome dazzling puncture let the stridence throngin the cicada's torture-point of song.
Euripides|I think... the history of civilization is an attempt to codify, classify and categorize aspects of human nature that hardly lend themselves to that process.
Gustav Mahler|The learned is happy, nature to explore; The fool is happy, that he knows no more.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|Francine looked up and mouthed, "Thank you." "any titme," I lied.
Dorianne Laux|Moon In the WindowI wish I could say I was the kind of childwho watched the moon from her window,would turn toward it and wonder.I never wondered. I read. Dark signsthat crawled toward the edge of the page.It took me years to grow a heartfrom paper and glue. All I had was a flashlight, bright as the moon,a white hole blazing beneath the sheets.
Zhuangzi|nothing changes from one generation to another except the things seen and the things seen make that generation, that is to say nothing changes in people from one generation to another except the way of seeing and being seen.
Brian  Doyle, Credo: Essays on Grace, Altar Boys, Bees, Kneeling, Saints, the Mass, Priests, Strong Women, Epiphanies, a Wake, and the Haun|For a moment this day, for many moments this May, let us gape in awe at the strength of women, and look upon their sinewy courage with respect and humility, as the Lord looked on His Mother, and still does. Like Him we are of women born, and to women must pay our first respect, and owe our first love, for they are as strong as the very ribs of the earth.
Thom Yorke|To use the power of the bison, I had to perform that part of my vision for the people to see.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Everything want to be loved. Us sing and dance and holler, just trying to be loved.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|In spite of the circumstance, a person who abides in dignity and grace will use the lessons learned as ballast for their ship as they sail through stormy waters—taking the wisdom gained from life and using it to anchor their confidence.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|But, ah me! where is the faultless human creature who can persevere in a good resolution, without sometimes failing and falling back?
Louise Glück, Faithful and Virtuous Night|Feyre," he said--softly enough that I faced him again. "Why?" He tilted his head to the side. "You dislike our kind on a good day. And after Andras . . ." Even in the darkened hallway, his usual bright eyes were shadowed. "So why?"I took a step closer to him, my blood-covered feet sticking to the rug. I glanced down the stairs to where I could still see the prone form of the faerie and the stumps of his wings."Because I wouldn't want to die alone," I said, and my voice wobbled as I looked at Tamlin again, forcing myself to meet his stare. "Because I'd want someone to hold my hand until the end, and awhile after that. That's something everyone deserves, human or faerie." I swallowed hard, my throat painfully tight. "I regret what I did to Andras," I said, the words so strangled they were no more than a whisper. "I regret that there was . . . such hate in my heart. I wish I could undo it--and . . . I'm sorry. So very sorry.
Selina A. Mahmood, Apophasis: A Bildungsroman Through Facebook|A chord that becomes a melodious delusion,In polar discrepancy from blue to yellow painted,In yellow I existed, with digoxin’s deadly illusion,Like Van Gogh’s stars in a bright night untainted.
Justin Taylor|If you can't sublimate your fear of mortality into sex with your best friend, what's it there for?
Robert Louis Stevenson, Kidnapped|Something like this will test you like nothing else," Mac said. "You're going to find out who you are, Harry. You're going to find out which principles you'll stand by to your death--and which lines you'll cross." He took my empty glass away and said, "You're heading into the badlands. It'll be easy to get lost.
H.P. Lovecraft|Death is lighter than a feather. Duty, heavier than a mountain.
Sam Harris, The Moral Landscape: How Science Can Determine Human Values|There is a sense in which all cognition can be said to be motivated. One is motivated to understand the world, to be in touch with reality, to remove doubt, etc. Alternately one might say that motivation is an aspect of cognition itself. Nevertheless, motives like wanting to find the truth, not wanting to be mistaken, etc., tend to align with epistemic goals in a way that many other commitments do not. As we have begun to see, all reasoning may be inextricable from emotion. But if a person's primary motivation in holding a belief is to hue to a positive state of mind, to mitigate feelings of anxiety, embarrassment, or guilt for instance. This is precisely what we mean by phrases like "wishful thinking", and "self-deception". Such a person will of necessity be less responsive to valid chains of evidence and argument that run counter to the beliefs he is seeking to maintain. To point out non-epistemic motives in an others view of the world, therefore, is always a criticism, as it serves to cast doubt on a persons connection to the world as it is.
Dahlia L. Summers|It was my idea. It's the safest way, but it's strange pretending to be something different. It's like there's a glass wall between us. Like I can't touch him or ... reach him. I don't like the way it feels.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Lachlan|During the show, she studied him on stage. The way he strummed the guitar, the movement of muscles in his arms and torso, the sway of the tartan fabric with his movements. Her cheeks heated when she thought about running her fingers over his torso and under his kilt. Oh, the things he could do to her with that body.
Kristen Henderson|A naked woman was amazing.He'd never seen it this way, in full light, without half-off clothes or a beach blanket across the lap or sex in a dark car. This was her whole body naked in light, standing and lying and front and back and open and showing and then different when she walked, surer than he was, unclunky and smooth-moving, with parts that didn't bounce. She knew how to be naked. She looked like she'd been raised naked in this room, a skinny girl when she was a girl, probably, and skinny in a certain way, with a little bulgy belly and ashamed of her feet, but grown out of shyness and wrong proportions now, and being married of course, used to being seen, and she didn't have curves and swerves but was good looking naked and stuck to him when they fucked like a thing fighting for light, a great wet papery moth.
Jonathan Page Acabo|In the heights of emotional distress, sometimes your loved ones can’t fill the answers you are longing for to wipe away the tears in your eyes, it’s your friends, somehow, that un-noticeably comforted you. It is to them you could share your hidden sentiments that you are trying to conceal.
George Eliot|It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are still alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger for them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Right is right, and wrong is wrong, in small things as well as in big things.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|Truth will not afford sufficient food to their vanity; so they have betaken, themselves to errour. Truth, Sir, is a cow which will yield such people no more milk, and so they are gone to milk the bull.
Julia Kent, Random Acts of Hope|Your kiss can take my breath away, Bree, not that you haven’t before, but now we can give each other frost kisses. – Kian, Frost Kisses
Debasish Mridha|I bring peace in the world,When I am an example of peace.When I love without condition.When I am the symbol of justice.When I can see people without prejudice.When I plant trees with great love.When I love the nature and take care.When I see no difference between you and me.When I am the symbol of compassion, care, and love.
Dada Bhagwan|When you maintain silence, you would have said to have understood the world.
James Wan|The thing that ultimately pushed me more towards 'Aquaman' is I love the possibility of creating a whole new world. I've always wanted to do a world creation story and visually create this amazing, incredible, magical kingdom.
Stephen Kendrick, Holy Clues: The Gospel According to Sherlock Holmes|When I encountered these haunting words from Franz Kafka, I realized exactly why this light sermon about the search for God had struck such a nerve: "Everyday life is the greatest detective story ever written. Every second, without noticing, we pass by thousands of corpses and crimes. That's the routine of our lives.
L.A. Witt, Rules of Engagement|Look at it this way: We're two people who happen to have a lot in common, a connection most people would kill for, we trust each other, and we have the kind of sex that people base pornos on. The fact that we're both men really doesn't make a difference, does it?
Heidi R. Kling, Paint My Body Red|What made the difference between choosing to die and deciding to live?Was it the weight of sadness that buckled them over and dragged them away from all sane, rational thoughts with an anchor of hopelessness so intense they just gave up fighting?
Euginia Herlihy|[Men] act in response to an outward situation, and on being presented with an opportunity to conform to a pattern. If the pattern gives licence to cruelty, so much the better. They take advantage of the licence so thoughtlessly, so thoroughly, that it becomes perfectly clear: the generality of mankind are only waiting for the chance, only waiting for outward circumstance to sanction brutality and allow them to be cruel and brutal to their heart's content.
Ari Berk & Carolyn Dunn|Imagine standing in a room in a large museum. As you look around the dimly lit gallery, you begin to recognize shapes: a basket, an arrow, a beautifully decorated carving, a shield. Some of the objects are unrecognizable to you. What if these objects could speak? What would they tell you about themselves? How have they been used? Where did they come from? How did they get to this museum? Whom do they belong to?
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|I had risked everything and gained everything, and here I was of the world and in it.
Steve Goodier|There are few qualities more vital than a strong yearning. That desire to reach a little farther, to be a little more, yearning...for a piece of something greater, can often make all the difference.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|Soon after the completion of his college course, his whole nature was kindled into one intense and passionate effervescence of romantic passion. His hour came,—the hour that comes only once; his star rose in the horizon,—that star that rises so often in vain, to be remembered only as a thing of dreams; and it rose for him in vain. To drop the figure,—he saw and won the love of a high-minded and beautiful woman, in one of the northern states, and they were affianced. He returned south to make arrangements for their marriage, when, most unexpectedly, his letters were returned to him by mail, with a short note from her guardian, stating to him that ere this reached him the lady would be the wife of another. Stung to madness, he vainly hoped, as many another has done, to fling the whole thing from his heart by one desperate effort. Too proud to supplicate or seek explanation, he threw himself at once into a whirl of fashionable society, and in a fortnight from the time of the fatal letter was the accepted lover of the reigning belle of the season; and as soon as arrangements could be made, he became the husband of a fine figure, a pair of bright dark eyes, and a hundred thousand dollars; and, of course, everybody thought him a happy fellow.The married couple were enjoying their honeymoon, and entertaining a brilliant circle of friends in their splendid villa, near Lake Pontchartrain, when, one day, a letter was brought to him in that well-remembered writing. It was handed to him while he was in full tide of gay and successful conversation, in a whole room-full of company. He turned deadly pale when he saw the writing, but still preserved his composure, and finished the playful warfare of badinage which he was at the moment carrying on with a lady opposite; and, a short time after, was missed from the circle. In his room,alone, he opened and read the letter, now worse than idle and useless to be read. It was from her, giving a long account of a persecution to which she had been exposed by her guardian's family, to lead her to unite herself with their son: and she related how, for a long time, his letters had ceased to arrive; how she had written time and again, till she became weary and doubtful; how her health had failed under her anxieties, and how, at last, she had discovered the whole fraud which had been practised on them both. The letter ended with expressions of hope and thankfulness, and professions of undying affection, which were more bitter than death to the unhappy young man. He wrote to her immediately: I have received yours,—but too late. I believed all I heard. I was desperate. I am married, and all is over. Only forget,—it is all that remains for either of us."And thus ended the whole romance and ideal of life for Augustine St. Clare. But the real remained,—the real, like the flat, bare, oozy tide-mud, when the blue sparkling wave, with all its company of gliding boats and white-winged ships, its music of oars and chiming waters, has gone down, and there it lies, flat, slimy, bare,—exceedingly real.Of course, in a novel, people's hearts break, and they die, and that is the end of it; and in a story this is very convenient. But in real life we do not die when all that makes life bright dies to us.
Rainer Maria Rilke|It seems to him there area thousand bars, and behind the bars, no world.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you find someone full of hate, purify him with forgiveness, bliss and love.
Jennifer McMahon|An experienced reader uses the poem as an agent of inquiry. This makes poetry very exciting, unstable, and interactive.
Susan Griffin, Woman and Nature: The Roaring Inside Her|Her womb from her body. Separation. Her clitoris from her vulva. Cleaving. Desire from her body. We were told that bodies rising to heaven lose their vulvas, their ovaries, wombs, that her body in resurrection becomes a male body.The Divine Image from woman, severing, immortality from the garden, exile, the golden calf split, birth, sorrow, suffering. We were told that the blood of a woman after childbirth conveys uncleanness. That if a woman's uterus is detached and falls to the ground, that she is unclean. Her body from the sacred. Spirit from flesh. We were told that if a woman has an issue and that issue in her flesh be blood, she shall be impure for seven days. The impure from the pure. The defiled from the holy. And whoever touches her, we heard, was also impure. Spirit from matter. And we were told that if our garments are stained we are unclean back to the time we can remember seeing our garments unstained, that we must rub seven substances over these stains, and immerse our soiled garments.Separation. The clean from the unclean. The decaying, the putrid, the polluted, the fetid, the eroded, waste, defecation, from the unchanging. The changing from the sacred. We heard it spoken that if a grave is plowed up in a field so that the bones of the dead are lost in the soil of the field, this soil conveys uncleanness. That if a member is severed from a corpse, this too conveys uncleanness, even an olive pit's bulk of flesh. That if marrow is left in a bone there is uncleanness. And of the place where we gathered to weep near the graveyard, we heard that planting and sowing were forbidden since our grieving may have tempted unclean flesh to the soil. And we learned that the dead body must be separated from the city.Death from the city. Wilderness from the city. Wildness from the city. The Cemetery. The Garden. The Zoological Garden. We were told that a wolf circled the walls of the city. That he ate little children. That he ate women. That he lured us away from the city with his tricks. That he was a seducer and he feasted on the flesh of the foolish, and the blood of the errant and sinful stained the snow under his jaws.The errant from the city. The ghetto. The ghetto of Jews. The ghetto of Moors. The quarter of prostitutes. The ghetto of blacks. The neighborhood of lesbians. The prison. The witch house. The underworld. The underground. The sewer. Space Divided. The inch. The foot. The mile. The boundary. The border. The nation. The promised land. The chosen ones.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|He reached out for her hand and she grabbed onto his. 	“Eena, when you’re ready to talk about it, I’ll be here. That’s what best friends are for.”	She let the tears fall. He’d never know they were for him. He’d think they were because of Derian. They held hands silently throughout the night, Ian unaware that this was by far her most tortured nightmare ever. Paradise so close, and yet completely unattainable.
Wallace Sife, The Loss of a Pet: A Guide to Coping with the Grieving Process When a Pet Dies|If you accept that pets can love us as much as we do them, then the logic is clear and cannot be denied. If you believe that there is a heaven for people, then they must be there, waiting for us, when we cross over. Heaven is love, and pets always share that with us.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|We feel stuck in a rut, unable to say ‘no’ to our parents, unable to put an end to their controlling behavior, unable to grab hold of our own lives, simply because we fear that we will hurt, insult, disrespect or disappoint our parents (entire families).
Hanleigh Bradley, Broken Rules|I wanted to stay like that forever, letting the kiss linger. I was left standing there in awe as he gently pulled away and gave me a warm smile. “Let’s go, the others will be wondering where we are,” he said playfully.
Ishmael Beah|People were already beginning to forget, what horrible suffering the war had brought them. I did not want to cause fear and panic, but to let people know how dreadful war is and so to stimulate people's powers of resistance.
James C. Reeves III|It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing their dreams
Anne Bronte|Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.
P.G. Wodehouse, Wodehouse On Wodehouse|From my earliest years I had always wanted to be a writer. It was not that I had any particular message for humanity. I am still plugging away and not the ghost of one so far, so it begins to look as though, unless I suddenly hit mid-season form in my eighties, humanity will remain a message short.
James Dean|in the modern era, many thinkers began to mistrust faith, viewing it as 'blind' and an enemy of reason. Their watchword was 'reason alone.' One of the difficulties of this stance is that reason cannot test its own reliability, any more than soapstone can test its own hardness. Any argument, accomplished by reasoning, that what reasoning accomplishes can be trusted, would be circular, because it would take for granted the very thing that it was trying to prove.Suppose I am at the window of a burning building. Although I can hear the firemen calling to me from far below, I cannot see them because of all the smoke. They are telling me to jump. Though I may have every reason to believe that they will catch me in their net, I may not trust them enough to overcome my fear, and so, hesitating, I burn to death. Obviously, my reasons are not the same as trust; faith surpasses reason. Even so they are reasons for trust; though faith surpasses reason, it is not irrational.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|The past you lost is just like a dream. As you woke up new lifestarts. So, your actual birthday will be your death day.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|The good news is world population growth rate decreases systematically and is expected to reach zero by 2050, thanks to urbanisation and women's education.
Terry Goodkind, The Law of Nines|Without Freedom of Thought, there can be no such Thing as Wisdom; and no such Thing as publick Liberty, without Freedom of Speech; which is the Right of every Man, as far as by it, he does not hurt or controul the Right of another: And this is the only Check it ought to suffer, and the only Bounds it ought to know.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|For too long, unfunded federal mandates have drained the budgets of states and communities. The strength and vitality of our communities must be restored.
Radu Tudoran, Un port la rasarit|… e mult mai nobil sa ramai lucid oricat te-ar coplesi viata, esti totdeauna mai putin om cand te imbeti, indiferent cum, si daca fuga de realitate nu-i chiar o decadere, ramane totusi o infrangere.
Dixie Waters|Broken hearts don't need medical treatment, they need a lover to mend them.
Sherry Argov|When a man sees you are happy with him but you can be just as happy having nothing to do with him, that’s when he won’t want to leave your side. When you are happy, you are sexy.
Elon Musk|Strong, enforceable environmental protections will not only help protect our planet for future generations, it will also level the playing field for small-and-medium-sized U.S. businesses by raising environmental standards.
Mariah Carey|Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it; better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.
Dan Buettner, Thrive: Finding Happiness the Blue Zones Way|I wake up in the morning and I see that flower, with the dew on its petals, and at the way it's folding out, and it makes me happy, she said. It's important to focus on the things in the here and now, I think. In a month, the flower will be shriveled and you will miss its beauty if you don't make the effort to do it now. Your life, eventually, is the same way.
James Allen|Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.
Rati Tsiteladze|To your simple existence, do not boast;merely to breathe or move or think is not to live.The shore of the sea is but a ghost,compared to the depth its wholeness gives.You exist in the miry foam;make the ocean depths your home.
Sunday Adelaja|If a person refuses to develop his potential, it can lead to nervous or mental disorders, somatic diseases and personal degradation
Christy A. Campbell, A Halo Sun|He wishes he could remember everything. Anything. He doesn’t sense a bone in his body that can feel compassion or worthiness. Self-pity hides away as well, the lowest form of emotion not even capable of resting in his wrecked mind.
Amy Winehouse|There is nothing more entertaining then leaving someone speechless. Yet, there is nothing sadder than realizing that person was incapable of retaining half of what you said, and will repeat the story all wrong to someone else.
Ejump Schiffler|do not allow yourself to be someone back-up plan, just in cAse, a B-plan, a second-line or contingency plan..even love can make the future different but it will never erase their past; the fact is we all people might have someone we'd take at any moment no matter how much they hurt us in the past (Ejump,2016)
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|If we do something over and over, it becomes normal. If we see the same thing over and over it becomes normal.
Julio Alexi Genao, When You Were Pixels|The second day, I watched you suffer through one of your nightmares, but this one was worse than I’d seen before. You called out another man’s name.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Forest House|Rome was mud and smoky skies; the rank smell of the Tiber and the exotically spiced cooking fires of a hundred different nationalities. Rome was white marble and gilding and heady perfumes; the blare of trumpets and the shrieking of market-women and the eternal, sub-aural hum of more people, speaking more languages than Gaius had ever imagined existed, crammed together on seven hills whose contours had long ago disappeared beneath this encrustation if humanity. Rome was the pulsing heart of the world.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The Moth don't care when he sees The Flame. He might get burned, but he's in the game. And once he's in, he can't go back, he'll Beat his wings 'til he burns them black... No, The Moth don't care when he sees The Flame. . .The Moth don't care if The Flame is real, 'Cause Flame and Moth got a sweetheart deal. And nothing fuels a good flirtation, Like Need and Anger and Desperation... No, The Moth don't care if The Flame is real. . . 
Bruce Jenvey, The Ragtime Coven|Your scare tactics are useless on me, Thane. My people have needs of their own, and they don't include being locked up in an underground cavern by a bunch of overgrown mosquitoes.
John Edgar Wideman|It's great to listen to men talk about sports or fights or war or even hunting sometimes, but the presence of the other, the presence of art and beauty, which crude masculinity seems to discount, is essential. Real civilization and real manhood seem to me to include those.
Heather Blanton, A Lady in Defiance|...God is not dead; he really does communicate today. He's interested in every part of your life, your home, your finances, every kind of decision - and more than just the moral issues. His eye is always on you. He wants to lead you. But you have to believe that he will indeed speak to you when you wait before him in believing prayer, with a yielded heart to do his will.
Em Bailey, Shift|I am weird, and you know what? That's OK. So are most interesting people.
Ravi Zacharias|The story of Christian reformation, revival, and renaissance underscores that the darkest hour is often just before the dawn, so we should always be people of hope and prayer, not gloom and defeatism. God the Holy Spirit can turn the situation around in five minutes.
Sunday Adelaja|The more we know, the deeper we will understand our topic, so it will be easier to implement it
David Vann, Aquarium|The most important thing you can ever know is that no matter what your purpose is, that's not your only choice.
C. JoyBell C.|Do everything with your whole heart, or not at all. Don't put up with lies or with people who lie to you. Don't risk hurting people just for the fun of it. And lastly, your best foot shouldn't be put forward; it should be with you at all times— right there beside the other one.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is a privilege to exist, it is a privilege to live and all this made possible by our Earth, our beautiful warm home in this cold universe! If you are a man of high moral standing, you will protect the Earth with all your heart! Earth is the only real holy temple on earth! The more we love the earth, the more we will be loved by the earth!
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|The heights charm us, but the steps do not; with the mountain in our view we love to walk the plains.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|Writing, too, is 90 percent listening. You listen so deeply to the space around you that it fills you, and when you wrote, it pours out of you. If you can capture that reality around you, your writing needs nothing else. You don't only listen to the air, the chair, and the door. And go beyond the door. Take in the sound of the season, the sound of the color coming in through the windows. Listen to the past, future, and present right where you are. Listen with your whole body, not only with your ears, but with your hands, your face, and the back of your neck. Listening is receptivity. The deeper you can listen, the better you can write. You can take in the way things are without judgment, and the next day you can write the truth about the way things are."...If you can capture the way things are that's all the poetry you ever need.
Mary Sage Nguyen|Conservatism -- hard work -- saving one's money -- looking neat and gentlemanly. It was such an Eveless paradise, that.
Susan Dennard, Something Strange and Deadly|The path between faith and understanding demands both obedience and inquiry. If Christianity is true, if it goes to the center of the universe and explains every stone and leaf the way we Christians think, then the more we search it out and explore it the more reasons we will have to be confident in that truth.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Between the MilesI have always counted the miles.Sometimes they came quick,Other times slow.The distance between things,The way I could know.Close could feel far,And far could feel near.The miles that passed too quickly,The ones I ran out of fear.They weren’t all the same,So I had been told,The unmarked trails,And the days I was bold.Some miles went down,Spiraling so low,When I was afraid to look forward,There was nowhere to go.The sunset came fast,And the day turned to night,But the trails could be endless,If I looked at them right.Everything I knew,All I was told,The conversations left behind,The people who grew old.When the miles stretched out before me,I wanted to sew them at the seam,Looking forward and then back,Holding everything in between.
Sharon Lathan, Mr. & Mrs. Fitzwilliam Darcy: Two Shall Become One|Women always said he was warm. They snuggled with him in bed, grateful for the heat. A couple of his lovers even claimed that, when he was inside them, he heated them from the inside out.A pleasant flattery, perhaps, but one Hope would discover the truth of. For when she touched him, he did burn.
Abraham Lincoln|What can promote innocent mirth, and I may say virtue, more than a good riddle?
Marcus Sedgwick, Blood Red, Snow White|The time for princes and tsars and holy madmen was gone.In its place came a world of war and revolution, of tanks andtelephones, murder and assassination.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Throughout my life, I have been blessed with a positive and resilient attitude. I grew up with an alcoholic father and he tested my disposition in more ways than you might imagine. Knowing I couldn't depend on him for positive reinforcement, I clung to my positive attitude like a life preserver to give me the strength for positivity and self-reliance. Otherwise, I would have sunk into the depths of low self-esteem and worthlessness. A positive attitude was my saving grace and it became a habit by choice, day-in and day-out.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I'm fine. Well, I'm not fine - I'm here.""Is there something wrong with that?""Absolutely.
Heather     James, Fire|Carrying that lumber the forty meters from the forest had left his knuckles blistered, his underarms sopping, but now a few hours of flames had lifted what had taken him months to design, weeks to carry, days to build, all but the nails and rivets, all but the hinges and bolts, all into the sky.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|your body is not a temple, it's an amusement park. Enjoy the ride.
Mark Frauenfelder|However far modern science and techniques have fallen short of their inherent possibilities, they have taught mankind at least one lesson; nothing is impossible.
Thomas Carlyle|When you doubt, abstain.
Michael Leunig|People respond when you tell them there is a great future in front of you, you can leave your past behind.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have never met anyone who spent time in daily prayer, and in the study of the Word of God, and was strong in faith, who was ever discouraged for very long.
William Branks|Anytime I button my coat, I'm packed.
levi paul taylor|Perhaps, as with advancing age, the physical life becomes less important and yet, paradoxically, more precious, this green revolution against the temporary death of winter is a reminder that the earth, like our own lives, is a gift.
Kayla Williams, Love My Rifle More than You: Young and Female in the U.S. Army|Anyway, it's like with bikes,' said the first speaker authoritatively. 'I thought I was going to get this bike with seven gears and one of them razorblade saddles and purple paint and everything, and they gave me this light blue one. With a basket. A girl's bike.''Well. You're a girl,' said one of the others.'That's sexism, that is. Going around giving people girly presents just because they're a girl.
Tabitha Suzuma, Forbidden|At the end of the day it's about how much you can bear, how much you can endure. Being together, we harm nobody; being apart, we extinguish ourselves.
Charles Platt|If there are more and more environmental refugees, they are going to end up on your doorstep too.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|In AP Bio, I learned that the cells in our body are replaced every seven years, which means that one day I'll have a body full of cells that were never sick. But it also means that the parts of me that knew and loved Sadie will disappear. I'll still remember loving her, but it'll be a different me who loved her. And maybe this is how we move on. We grow new cells to replace the grieving ones, diluting our pain until it loses potency.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Bad Blood|When you're hurting, you hurt yourself.
Yuval Noah Harari, Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind|It is nine o'clock, and London has breakfasted. Some unconsidered tens of thousands have, it is true, already enjoyed with what appetite they might their pre-prandial meal; the upper fifty thousand, again, have not yet left their luxurious couches, and will not breakfast till ten, eleven o'clock, noon; nay, there shall be sundry listless, languid members of fast military clubs, dwellers among the tents of Jermyn Street, and the high-priced second floors of Little Ryder Street, St. James's, upon whom one, two, and three o'clock in the afternoon shall be but as dawn, and whose broiled bones and devilled kidneys shall scarcely be laid on the damask breakfast-cloth before Sol is red in the western horizon. I wish that, in this age so enamoured of statistical information, when we must needs know how many loads of manure go to every acre of turnip-field, and how many jail-birds are thrust into the black hole per mensem for fracturing their pannikins, or tearing their convict jackets, that some M'Culloch or Caird would tabulate for me the amount of provisions, solid and liquid, consumed at the breakfasts of London every morning. I want to know how many thousand eggs are daily chipped, how many of those embryo chickens are poached, and how many fried; how many tons of quartern loaves are cut up to make bread-and-butter, thick and thin; how many porkers have been sacrificed to provide the bacon rashers, fat and streaky ; what rivers have been drained, what fuel consumed, what mounds of salt employed, what volumes of smoke emitted, to catch and cure the finny haddocks and the Yarmouth bloaters, that grace our morning repast. Say, too, Crosse and Blackwell, what multitudinous demands are matutinally made on thee for pots of anchovy paste and preserved tongue, covered with that circular layer - abominable disc! - of oleaginous nastiness, apparently composed of rancid pomatum, but technically known as clarified butter, and yet not so nasty as that adipose horror that surrounds the truffle bedecked pate  de  foie gras. Say, Elizabeth Lazenby, how many hundred bottles of thy sauce (none of which are genuine unless signed by thee) are in request to give a relish to cold meat, game, and fish. Mysteries upon mysteries are there connected with nine o'clock breakfasts.
Mary Simses, The Irresistible Blueberry Bakeshop & Cafe|I have many wonderful memories of this days we had together. It would make me happy to know that at least a few of your memories of me are good ones. I wonder if you ever think about sitting under that oak tree, with the cicadas buzzing, and, at night, the crickets. Or how the ice used to cover the blueberry bushes in the winter, giving them that dreamy look. Or how we used to sell the pies for your mother at the roadside stand.I still think of you whenever I see blueberries.
Paloma Beck, Hold My Hand|They say that secrets live at the bottom of a wine bottle. Mama had made it there the night before, slow glass by slow glass, but she'd never spoken a word.
Lady Gaga|A middle finger is more New York than a corporate ambush. I bleed for my hometown, and I'd die for my fans.
Jake Adler, The Dragon's Cup|If I had been born in the 1700′s, presumably children had a bigger vocabulary than I had which means I wouldn’t have been able to recite fairy tales to kids because I’m not smart enough.You know…?I’d have to be like…..uh:In time passed, though not long ago, there lived three pigs in stature, little in number, three, who being of an age both entitled and inspired to seek their fortune did set about to do thusly.When they had traveled a distance, pig numbered first spake saying, “Harken Brethren, head this impetuous realm! Tarry me far from hearth and home I fear we shall fair *snort* not well!” And so being collectively agreed, but individually impaled, the diminutive swine sought each to erect himself an abode.....
Sunday Adelaja|What alarms me most is the fact that, even when God has now raised up a voice to speak on these issues, many sincerely believe that I am in error or at worst that I am doing something utterly wrong
Edna St. Vincent Millay|No one but Night, with tears on her dark face, watches beside me in this windy place.
Sushant Singh Rajput|Hitler was so modern, in that he was obsessed with being famous. He was caught up with this rush to be have achieved greatness before turning 30.
Daniel Silva, The English Girl|It is extremely Sad to think that while nature is talking,humankind is not listening.
Marty Rubin|Delight in your sensuality, in the dance of your desires. Don't be ashamed of it.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|A steely look of anger flared in my mother’s eyes, and I thought, just maybe, I was leaving her in good hands after all. Her own.
Christopher Nolan|I love to start the morning with a mist spray, especially after a night out.
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|He who, while unacquainted with these writings, nevertheless knows by the natural light that there is a God having the attributes we have recounted, and who also pursues a true way of life, is altogether blessed.
A.S.A. Harrison, The Silent Wife|You can teach a bubbly person to repair shoes, but you can't put the personality into a grumpy cobbler.John Timpson
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you read, you shall renew your mind.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|Jessabelle,  I'm sorry to just leave, but I need some time.  Time to get my head back on straight.  Time to remember who I really am.  Time with my Creator, the one who knew before the foundations of the earth what would happen over the last few days.  I wish more than anything, that I could process all of this with you, go through all of this together, because I'm coming to understand that, out of all the men in the world, God picked me for you. It's so much more than lineage. It's you. How you've come into your own. How you've blossomed and grown. I'm so privileged to see that secret side of you-the side no one else gets to see. The side where you secretly paint your second toenail a different color because everyone else does the fourth one, but you're not sure my mother would approve so you never wear open-toed shoes to show them off. You only eat M&Ms in odd numbers. You use your right hand to put hair behind your ear, but never your left.  You didn't know I knew those things, did you? I've watched you over the last few months and learned more about you than I realized until I tried to put my thoughts on paper. You're sleeping just feet away from me as I write this. Your even breathing brings some peace to my troubled soul. The small smile on your face makes me wonder what your dreaming about and if, in your sleep, you've managed to find happiness instead of the turmoil life always seems to bring. I have to stop myself from wondering if dream-Jessabelle has found happiness with someone besides dream-Malachi, because I've realized something in the last couple of days.  I love you. My life didn't really begin until you walked down the aisle into it. I want to be man enough to tell you to your face, to kiss you, to tell you over and over what you've come to mean to me, but I can't. Not yet... You are the only one for me, sweet Mia Belle. I love you with my entire being, in a way I never believed possible to love another person. I didn't know this kind of love truly existed outside of fairy tales. Always, Kai
Debasish Mridha|When you meet someone, never forget to give them two important presents: your love and your smile. It will cost you nothing.
Nikki Rowe|Like a wolf, she lived by instinct.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Because of poverty and ignorance, not everyman living on earth lives in the same epoch!
D.H. Lawrence|When along the pavement,Palpitating flames of life,People flicker around me,I forget my bereavement,The gap in the great constellation,The place where a star used to be
David Duchovny|Tony and I had a good on and off screen relationship, we are two very different people, but we did share a sense of humor, we now live in different parts of the world but when we find ourselves in the same place it is more or less as if there had been no years in between.
Iris Murdoch|When I'm weak, you can be strong; when I'm strong, you can be weak. That's what I believe marriage is.
John Steinbeck|We treat our stone wives with much more care than they treat their warm ones, anyway. I personally dust mine once a week, and I know Khaamil gives them presents when I am not looking. These are yours - they are in your care, and you must be faithful.
Giacomo Leopardi|As an artist, the more experience, the better the creation. I'm a very positive person.
Michael Marshall Smith, Best New Horror 22|I always said I'm just an instrument; I'm transparent, like a medium, the language passes through me. Which is a bit like saying I'm a recording device, I start and I go. I had a real connection to ongoing, language production in real time.
Harry Bingham|There are times when your body takes control. Times when the gazelle says, ‘Fuck you, lioness,’ and delivers the biggest kick of its whole gazelley life.
Owen Barfield, History in English Words|There is no surer or more illuminating way of reading a man's character, and perhaps a little of his past history, than by observing the contexts in which he prefers to use certain words.
Adam Braun, The Promise of a Pencil: How an Ordinary Person Can Create Extraordinary Change|I am waiting for that Morning,When Me and My Dream, both will be Together.
Lyli Dunbar, Missional Life; A Practical Guide to Living in Light of Eternity|Books are the immortality of the race, the father and mother of most that is worth while cherishing in our hearts. To spread good books about, to sow them on fertile minds, to propagate understanding and a carefulness of life and beauty, isn't that high enough mission for a man?
L.J. Smith, Huntress|That's the good part of dying; when you've nothing to lose, you run any risk you want.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|Empowering Women 101: Every woman thinks they are the special person that was forordained to change a man. Do you really think you are better than all the women that tried? Don't marry someone with the arrogant thought your spirituality will magically transform people. Instead, live in such a way that you don't have to change or convince anyone of your worthiness.
Faith Sullivan, Take Me Now|Katie, when I saw you again, there was nothing I wanted to do more than stand by your side for the rest of my life.
Anthony T. Hincks|The runner is coming to know, or will know if he runs enough...that the universe is the smallest divisible unit.
Parker Posey|Given the scale of issues like global warming and epidemic disease, we shouldn't underestimate the importance of a can-do attitude to science rather than a can't-afford-it attitude.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson|Short of hiring a new staff, consider giving subpar workers a chance to improve. Tell them why they're not measuring up and give them a set amount of time to make specific improvements.
Debasish Mridha|Don't worry about people, just love them.
The Notorious B.I.G.|Nothing is more dangerous to one's own faith than the work of an apologist. No doctrine of that faith seems to me so spectral, so unreal as one that I have just successfully defended in a public debate.
David Axelrod|Happy is the person who knows what to remember of the past, what to enjoy in the present, and what to plan for in the future.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Looking back on his adolescence from the vantage point of his mid-eighties, George H.W. Bush candidly admitted, "I might have been obsessed with bodies – boobs they are now called. But what seventeen-year-old kid was not? Guilty am I.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Christ is my model of leadership because he faced similar challenges we also face on earth today, but through it all He was victorious. To leaders are not overcome by challenges!
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|Don’t, Mom.” I begin walking toward her, but I can see the mist forming in her eyes. “No, no, no.” By the time I reach her, it’s too late. She’s bawling. If there’s one thing I can’t stand, it’s crying. Not because it makes me emotional, but because it annoys the hell out of me. And it’s awkward.
Ilaxi Patel, Guardian of Angels: A Practical Guide to Joyful Parenting|Childhood years are vital to our total existence. Overloading the child with too much memory oriented learning and formal writing can cripple a child’s sense of wonder. There should be creativity, a ‘Free Progress’ – each child developing and flowering in an absolutely spontaneous, inwardly centered and self directed process. A school makes a break through if it creates a learning environment but it is a parent to make an active choice for kids and to nurture their talents. It is in their hands to recognize their potentialities and offer them an Alternative Education, a commitment, hard work, responsibility, learning the basic skills of reading and writing at own pace with creativity and open minds in open surroundings in tune to environment, blooming naturally!
Dan Chaon, Ill Will|Their house was about a mile outside of town. The kids would play outdoors, in the backyard and the large stubble field behind the house. Dusk seemed to last for hours, and when it was finally dark they would sit under the porch light, catching thickly buzzing June bugs and moths, or even an occasional toad who hopped into the circle of light, tempted by the halo of insects that floated around the bare orange lightbulb next to the front door
Michael Grant, Gone|He makes a face and tosses the flower at me. It lands on my cheek, and I pick it up and twirl it between my fingers. I could lie out here all day, not moving an inch, feeling the sun above and the grass below. With a contented sigh, I stretch my arms wide, raking the grass with my fingers—and find myself brushing Aladdin’s hand with my own. I pull it away quickly, my cheeks warming. He laughs a little.“Sometimes,” he says, “I forget you’re supposed to be four thousand years old. You act as shy as a girl of sixteen.”“I do not!” I sit up and glare at him.He grins and shrugs, sliding his hands under his head. There are bits of grass stuck in his hair, and after a moment’s hesitation, I reach over and flick them away.Aladdin watches me silently, his throat bobbing as he swallows. I drop my gaze.
Leonard Nimoy|Our faith is stronger than death, our philosophy is firmer than flesh, and the spread of the Kingdom of God upon the earth is more sublime and more compelling.
John Stuart Mill|religion, the most powerful of the elements which have entered into the formation of moral feeling, having almost always been governed either by the ambition of a hierarchy, seeking control over every department of human conduct, or by the spirit of Puritanism.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|He that believeth that he believe, believeth himself and not God (333)[.]
Myles Munroe|Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others.
Joe Quirk, It's Not You, It's Biology.: The Science of Love, Sex, and Relationships|If we fail, the planet will grow sterile and your people will die in hunger, thirst and waves of plagues. Our people and the thrm's will die more slowly because the poisons here will render us unable to conceive. The skies will cease to be blue, the land will lose its verdure and the seas, well, the seas will be the first to go. Anything that does survive will be broken, mutant, discontinuous from us and mutually exclusive. It will be the new life of a shattered world, a world for chitinous, crawly things, not one for soft and tender emotion. I hope, child, I have answered your question."Meg said nothing. None of it made sense, but she still felt an urge to deny it, deny it, even though Ekaterina's strange, rolling words carried a ring of truth. Suddenly, the autumn chill cut through all her layers of bundling wraps. She could not stop shivering.
Audre Lorde|I feel, as never before, how justly, from the dawn of history to the present time, men have paid the homage of their gratitude and admiration to the memory of those who nobly sacrifice their lives, that their fellow-men may live in safety and in honor.
Leonardo DiCaprio|My guess is the great majority of teachers would welcome a system where innovation is embraced, where their hard work and their students' achievement are applauded and rewarded.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Every tomorrow is better because you opened your eyes, but still, memories from your past are meant to be shared and cherished
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|And he looked lonely enough that she said, 'If you like, you could be my friend'.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|To be loved but not known is comforting but superficial. To be known and not loved is our greatest fear. But to be fully known and truly loved is, well, a lot like being loved by God. It is what we need more than anything. It liberates us from pretense, humbles us out of our self-righteousness, and fortifies us for any difficulty life can throw at us.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|I must keep my head and not give in to desire, for desire is what causes women to drown.
John T. Chambers|If you are a superstar, or whatever you want to call yourself, a person who's had outrageous success, and you decide to go indie and tell the record companies to screw themselves? That takes a certain amount of courage. And bullheadedness, really.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Fundamentally, therefore, any man can, even under such circumstances, decide what shall become of him-mentally and spiritually. He may retain his human dignity even in a concentration camp. Dostoevski said once, "There is only one thing that I dread: not to be worthy of my sufferings."These words frequently came to my mind after I became acquainted with those martyrs whose behavior in camp, whose suffering and death, bore witness to the fact that the last inner freedom cannot be lost. It can be said that they were worthy of their sufferings; the way they bore their suffering was a genuine inner achievement. It is this spiritual freedom- which cannot be taken away- that makes life meaningful and purposeful.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot control the ocean, but you can guide the rivers that feed it.
Diriye Osman|I want you to know that life will try to crack you like an egg and your silence will eventually break. Someday you will spill some of those painful secrets and taste a modicum of much-needed freedom. You will lose a great deal as a result but the gains will outweigh every loss. You will love and be loved by a beautiful man in a place where your mutual passion won’t be a marker of shame but pride. You will be awkward and alone and alien for a long time but you will transform these qualities, which is to say yourself, into a work of art. You will wear your awkwardness, your aloneness and your alienness in your hair like gold thread. You will adorn your wonkiness on your wrist like a charm bracelet studded with stars.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|who are youreally?you are not a nameor a height, or a weightor a genderyou are not an ageand you are not where you are fromyou are your favorite booksand the songs stuck in your headyou are your thoughts and what you eat for breakfaston Saturday morningsyou are a thousand thingsbut everyone choosesto see the million thingsyou are notyou are not where you are fromyou arewhere you are goingand i'd liketo go theretoo
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|I never heard communism seriously propounded or argued; perhaps I was too deeply preoccupied with my own dissipations; and, as it turned out in the end it was a way of thought that I was denied or spared by a geographical fluke. From the end of these travels till the War, I lived, with a year's interruption, in Eastern Europe, among friends whom I must call old-fashioned liberals. They hated Nazi Germany; but it was impossible to look eastwards for inspiration and hope, as their western equivalents--peering from afar, and with the nightmare of only one kind of totalitarianism to vex them--felt able to do. For Russia began only a few fields away, the other side of a river; and there, as all her neighbours knew, great wrong was being done and terrible danger lay. All their fears came true. Living among them made me share those fears and they made stony ground for certain kinds of grain.
Ray Lamontagne|And baby, the way you move me it's crazy
Matthew Donnelly|The 'Mind' in it's nature is conditioned to 'label'. From people, to situations, and circumstances to everything in between. When we allow the mind to shut down we let things be as they are.
Sangu Mandanna, The Lost Girl|When I am working on a book or a story I write every morning as soon after first light as possible. There is no one to disturb you and it is cool or cold and you come to your work and warm as you write. You read what you have written and, as you always stop when you know what is going to happen next, you go on from there. You write until you come to a place where you still have your juice and know what will happen next and you stop and try to live through until the next day when you hit it again. You have started at six in the morning, say, and may go on until noon or be through before that. When you stop you are as empty, and at the same time never empty but filling, as when you have made love to someone you love. Nothing can hurt you, nothing can happen, nothing means anything until the next day when you do it again. It is the wait until the next day that is hard to get through.
Barbara R. Duguid, Extravagant Grace: God's Glory Displayed in Our Weakness|With all her finesse for cleaning, Snag sometimes felt that her biggest contribution to mankind was making a mess of things.
Steve Rasnic Tem|If you love someone, they leave you. But if you don't love someone, they leave you, too. So your choice isn't between loving and losing but only between loving and not loving.
Sara Douglass, The Crippled Angel|But...what makes you Nathan--what makes you so special--is that you are both White Witch and Black Witch, both dark and full of light. That's what I love about you. What I've always loved. And I love you still, Nathan, and I know I always will. But you're changing. And now...now what I fear is that you'll get the amulet and you'll hone the Gifts you took from your father. You'll be invulnerable and you'll kill more people, many, many more people. I fear you won't be able to stop and you'll lose yourself completely. And then I'll come to dread you too.
Julie Andrews|Afghanistan's borders are arbitrary, drawn to meet 19th-century political needs rather than to respect ethnic or religious patterns.
Hillary Wen|I’ve been lucky enough to cross paths with these angels who seem to brush the dust off my wings so effortlessly. These wonderful people I don’t and will never know. I want to be one of them. I want to be many of them. Radiating, resonating, finding lost souls and then exhaling magic.
Mary J. Blige|I don't know if the term 'liberation theology,' which can be interpreted in a very positive sense, will help us much. What's important is the common rationality to which the church offers a fundamental contribution, and which must always help in the education of conscience, both for public and for private life.
Stacey Jay, Dead on the Delta|There’s always been sadness hidden at the core of Hitch, but it’s never been big enough to taste. Occasionally, I’d get a whiff of it, salty on the wind, but it never pressed in between us like it does now, threatening to drown us both.
Tamara Hoffa, A Special Kind of Love|Death abides by no one's rules...it takes what pleases it without consciousness to its decisions. It destroys what it will. It took the pieces of perfection I once knew and shattered them. Now what remains are shards of a dream, drawing blood with every step.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Bright yellow leaves flowed swiftly upon the dark, almost-black water, making patterns as they went. To Mr. Segundus the patterns looked a little like magical writing. 'But then,' he thought, 'So many things do.
Joseph J. Thorndike Jr.|Fine art refers to an accomplished or advanced skill being used to testify and reveal the knowledge, ability, and wisdom of the creator. There is no art more exquisite than the work of the Master Artist Himself. Even those who choose to deny Him credit for His own creation are often engaged as an admirer of His work. Refusing to acknowledge the Source will never minimize His glory or extinguish the truth.With God’s loving guidance our life can be a great masterpiece filled with beauty, adventure, hope and purpose.
Meg Cabot, Twilight|Oh, that's just great. I come all the way back here, risking major brain cell burnout, and you don't even believe me? I'm basically guaranteeing myself a lifetime of heartbreak, and all you have to say is that you think I'm not right in the head?
James B. Lawrence, Cosmic Evolution|If it is now the belief of my fellow men, who call themselves the public, that their good requires victims, then I say: 'The public good be damned, I will have no part of it!
Megha Khare, Write like no one is reading 2|Why we love with close heartsWhy we love with souls apart Let the love flow from hearts to souls, Let the world glow
Nurudeen Ushawu|Throughout world history, all freedom has been no more than repetitious abolishment of what has already been abolished. There is no end to the killing of weeds.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|But Ilúvatar knew that Men, being set amid the turmoils of the powers of the world, would stray often, and would not use their gifts in harmony; and he said: 'These too in their time shall find that all that they do redounds at the end only to the glory of my work.
Cassandra Clare, The Lost Herondale|Tobias loved her more than he’d loved anything—his family, his duty, even himself. There, perhaps, the Herondale blood ran true.
Sarah Dunant, Blood & Beauty: The Borgias|Ah, he has too many ideas, that man da Vinci. His mind works faster than his hands.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I think I have a very good idea why it is that anti-Semitism is so tenacious and so protean and so enduring. Christianity and Islam, theistic though they may claim to be, are both based on the fetishizing of human primates: Jesus in one case and Mohammed in the other. Neither of these figures can be called exactly historical but both have one thing in common even in their quasi-mythical dimension. Both of them were first encountered by the Jews. And the Jews, ravenous as they were for any sign of the long-sought Messiah, were not taken in by either of these two pretenders, or not in large numbers or not for long.? I myself certainly hope that it will not. The Jews have seen through Jesus and Mohammed. In retrospect, many of them have also seen through the mythical, primitive, and cruel figures of Abraham and Moses. Nearer to our own time, in the bitter combats over the work of Marx and Freud and Einstein, Jewish participants and protagonists have not been the least noticeable. May this always be the case, whenever any human primate sets up, or is set up by others, as a Messiah.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|If you think you’re worthless, you’re not - but your limiting self-beliefs are. Change them.
Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good|Because I believe there is nothing so self-destroying, and no emotion quite so despicable, as jealousy.
Virginia Woolf, The Letters of Virginia Woolf: Volume Six, 1936-1941|One should be a painter. As a writer, I feel the beauty, which is almost entirely colour, very subtle, very changeable, running over my pen, as if you poured a large jug of champagne over a hairpin.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|A man's magic demonstrates what sort of person he is, what is held most deeply inside of him. There is no truer gauge of a man's character than the way in which he employs his strength, his power. I was not a murderer. I was not like Victor Sells. I was Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. I was a wizard. Wizards control their power. They don't let it control them. And wizards don't use magic to kill people. They use it to discover, to protect, to mend, to help. Not to destroy.
John-Talmage Mathis, For the (Soon) Unemployed: You Against Them|Brad Green, almost overnight, became the poster boy for the common Wall Street tale - proving once again that greed, most definitely, kills. Giving away about 99% of his fortune was also front page news, but Green barely blinked at having to scrape by with only $200 million. The government seized all five of his homes, his three boats, two jets, a helicopter, 14 cars, and all of his assets except the $200 million he stashed for a rainy day in an offshore bank account.
Julian Huxley, Essays of a Humanist|Being a bad guy was easy, being a hero was hard.
Alan Chains, Return to Island X|In the age of arms, a super warhead might be the most powerful for its destructiveness. In the age of farms, an irrigation system is most powerful, for it feeds lives. But how do you define power and advancement in the age of social engineering? It is the one that mimics human the best, isn’t it? We don’t need a warhead when there has been a drought. We don’t point at our enemy with sprinklers. It is about evolving. (Douglas Parsley)
Melania Trump|Adrian Clayborn is somebody that relentlessly brings that attitude, energy, and toughness.
Toba Beta|Smartass Disciple: Master, why God let human did sins in the beginning?Master of Stupidity: If the saviour must come, why should He prevent that?
Mark Lanegan|If tears were liquor, I'd have drunk myself sick.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Long before there were effective treatments, physicians dispensed prognoses, hope, and, above all, meaning. When something terrible happens-and serious disease is always terrible-people want to know why. In a pantheistic world, the explanation was simple-one god had caused the problem, another could cure it. In the time since people have been trying to get along with only one God, explaining disease and evil has become more difficult. Generations of theologians have wrestled with the problem of theodicy-how can a good God allow such bad things to happen to good people? Darwinian medicine can't offer a substitute for such explanations. It can't provide a universe in which events are part of a divine plan, much less one in which individual illness reflects individual sins. It can only show us why we are the way we are, why we are vulnerable to certain diseases. A Darwinian view of medicine simultaneously makes disease less and more meaningful. Diseases do not result from random or malevolent forces, they arise ultimately from past natural selection. Paradoxically, the same capacities that make us vulnerable to disease often confer benefits. The capacity for suffering is a useful defense. Autoimmune disease is a price of our remarkable ability to attack invaders. Cancer is the price of tissues that can repair themselves. Menopause may protect the interests of our genes in existing children. Even senescence and death are not random, but compromises struck by natural selection as it inexorably shaped out bodies to maximize the transmission of our genes. In such paradoxical benefits, some may find a gentle satisfaction, even a bit of meaning-at least the sort of meaning Dobzhansky recognized. After all, nothing in medicine makes sense except in the light of evolution.
Alice Koller, An Unknown Woman|But there is saying, and there is doing, and almost always people do something better than they can talk about it, as though the minded body defeats every attempt to select out only the mind part as deserving sole responsibility for the success.
Tarryn Tomlinson|When perseverance becomes a force of habit, success becomes a guarantee.
George Wallace|I don't have a strict diet; I keep it simple. I try to eat fish, meat, veg and carbs - potatoes and rice - but I'll try and pack it in because as I'm burning so much energy. I have to see food as an energy source.
Deyth Banger|Maturity turns out to be a question you can never answer with confidence, despite advanced age and wage.
Destiny Booze|Yes, if it is meant to be, it will be. In the meantime, create your own fate. Plan big and dream bigger.
Rick Wagoner|There's this classic car crash thing about 'Macbeth.' You can just see this car driving at 100 mph towards this brick wall, and you can't do anything about it, and the characters are desperately trying to stop it and can't.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|I heard a preacher say recently that hope is a revolutionary patience; let me add that so is being a writer. Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up.
Adam West|I'm fighting the label of 'Black' actress simply because it's very limiting in people's eyes, especially people who are making movies.
J.C. Ryle|Let there be no mistake in your mind as to the special character of the man who has come to Christ, and is a true Christian. He is not an angel, he is not a half-angelic being, in whom is no weakness, or blemish, or infirmity - he is nothing of the kind. He is nothing more than a sinner who has found out his sinfulness, and has learned the blessed secret of living by faith in Christ. What was the glorious company of the apostles and prophets? What was the noble army of martyrs? What were Isaiah, Daniel, Peter, James, John, Paul, Polycarp, Chrysostom, Augustine, Luther, Ridley, Latimer, Bunyan, Baxter, Whitefield, Venn, Chalmers, Bickersteth, M’Cheyne? What were they all, but sinners who knew and felt their sins, and trusted only in Christ? What were they, but men who accepted the invitation I bring you this day, and came to Christ by faith? By this faith they lived; in this faith they died. In themselves and their doings they saw nothing worth mentioning; but in Christ they saw all that their souls required. The invitation of Christ is now before you. If you never listened to it before, listen to it today. Broad, full, free, wide, simple, tender, kind, that invitation will leave you without excuse if you refuse to accept it. There are some invitations, perhaps, which it is wiser and better to decline. There is one which ought always to be accepted: that one is before you today. Jesus Christ is saying, “Come! Come unto Me.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|I wasn't sure if it was safe for me to be sharing time and space with other people, who all seemed so much gentler and safer and less of a secret to themselves than I felt I was.
Noreena Hertz|I know people think we drive around in these nice cars and we do whatever we want and our parents will pay our credit cards, but that's not the case. Sure, my parents were generous; I got a nice car at 16, but at 18 I was cut off. I've worked really hard. I opened the store myself.
Nicola An, The Universe at Heartbeat|I hear them say "Why do I miss someone I haven't even met?"How about not missing someone because it feels like they've been with you all along?
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|A book no more contains reality than a clock contains time. A book may measure so-called reality as a clock measures so-called time; a book may create an illusion of reality as a clock creates an illusion of time; a book may be real, just as a clock is real (both more real, perhaps, than those ideas to which they allude); but let's not kid ourselves - all a clock contains is wheels and springs and all a book contains is sentences.
Robert Brockway|Also unfortunately, Congress is far too busy asking if baseball players are really as strong as they seem and trying to choke bankers with wads of cash to grant more funds to such trifling matters as the avoidance of space bullets, so they won't give NASA the money
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|Also at times, on the surface of streams,Water?bubbles formAnd grow and burstAnd have no meaning at allExcept that they’re water?bubblesGrowing and bursting.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|My children, to the extent that they have found religion, have found it from me, in that I insist on at least a modicum of religious education for them.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Listen, O drop, give yourself up without regret,and in exchange gain the Ocean.Listen, O drop, bestow upon yourself this honor,and in the arms of the Sea be secure.Who indeed should be so fortunate?An Ocean wooing a drop!In God's name, in God's name, sell and buy at once!Give a drop, and take this Sea full of pearls.
Chuck Schumer|It's not only imagination, it's the distortion of the vision. You suddenly think, This person is idealistic, this person is strong, this person has dreams, when you know better most of the time. You put what you want to see on people.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When I wake up each morning, my first thought, is thanks be to God.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|. . .my dreams are the single unpredictable factor in my zoned days and nights. Nobody allots them, or censors them. Dreams are all I have ever truly owned.
Alice Dreger|When I ask my medical students to describe their image of a woman who elects to birth with a midwife rather than with an obstetrician, they generally describe a woman who wears long cotton skirts, braids her hair, eats only organic vegan food, does yoga, and maybe drives a VW microbus.
Samuel Beckett, Texts for Nothing and Other Shorter Prose 1950-1976|Name, no, nothing is namable, tell, no, nothing can be told, what then, I don't know, I shouldn't have begun.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Our social tools are not an improvement to modern society, they are a challenge to it.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|Someone can accept an impossible challenge because deep within they believe it possible. Possible and impossible can be assessed differently by a woman and a man.My possible may seem impossible to you, my limit may be your challenge. And vice-versa.
Savannah Stuart, Dangerous Craving|This was no figment of his imagination.	This was flesh, blood and pure sin in a dress.
Thomas Kohnstamm, Do Travel Writers Go to Hell?: A Swashbuckling Tale of High Adventures, Questionable Ethics, and Professional Hedonism|It is my hope that this book will help to demystify the origins of travel writing and show that when thousands of travelers follow a guidebook word-for-word, recommendation-for-recommendation, it not only harms contemporary international travel but can also do serious harm to places in developing countries.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|It's good to let your mind wonder, as long as you know where it's going
Wendell Berry, Given|the inletour friend looks as he didwhen we first knew him,and until I wake I believeI will die of grief, for I knowthat this boy grew into a manwho was a faithful friendwho died.
Maryln Schwartz, New Times In The Old South: Or Why Scarlett's in Therapy & Tara's Going Condo|The first thing the therapist asked me was, 'Are you here because you're depressed?' I said, 'Not at all--I'm here because I'm Southern.'" Anne Herndon
Julian Short, A Model for Living|Happiness requires a balance. If you feel rejected, you need to pursue love with dignity. If you feel put down you need to restore your dignity in an attractive fashion.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is a hook; the moment a man swallows it, a woman knows she has him forever.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|But it's hard to explain, Mitch. Now that I'm suffering, I feel closer to people who suffer than I ever did before. The other night, on TV, I saw people in Bosnia running across the street, getting fired upon, killed, innocent victims... and I just started to cry. I feel their anguish as if it were my own. I don't know any of these people. But--how can I put this?--I'm almost... drawn to them.
Geoffrey Wood|There is a fine line between friendship and parenting, and when that line is crossed, the result is often disastrous. A parent who strives to make a true friend of his or her child may well sacrifice authority, and though the parent may be comfortable with surrendering the dominant position, the unintentional result will be to steal from that child the necessary guidance and, more importantly, the sense of security the parent is supposed to impart. On the opposite side, a friend who takes a role as parents forgets the most important ingredient of friendship: respect.For respect is the guiding principle of friendship, the lighthouse beacon that directs the course of any true friendship. And respect demands trust.
Victoria Vane|Shh, mi amor. The neighbors will hear and call the police.
Cindy Crawford|You start out happy that you have no hips or boobs. All of a sudden you get them, and it feels sloppy. Then just when you start liking them, they start drooping.
Samuel Johnson|Once in Persia reigned a king Who upon his signet ring Graved a maxim true and wise  Which if held before the eyes Gave him counsel at a glance Fit for every change and chance. Solemn words  and these are they: "Even this shall pass away."
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the middle of tranquillity, think about the people inside the storms! In your happy times, remember the unhappy!
Elizabeth A. Reeves, How [Not] to Kiss a Prince|Within the magical community, most brides are virgins. Do you have any idea how many curses and other horrible things are associated with virginity and virgin bloodshed? For witches, having sex before marriage invites all sorts of evil magic in.
Melissa Keil, Life in Outer Space|I think, because…well, I like the idea of coming up with a story that never existed before, but I don’t really want to be in charge. I don’t want to be famous. I guess I like the idea of sitting in the dark and knowing that I created the thing on screen, that it’s my story, but, like, no-one else has to know it was me. Does that make sense?
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|On occasion we stumble upon what seems to be a truth. Compared to the surrounding blackness, it sparkles and dazzles our eyes. But are these actually truths? Are our eyes really feasting upon light? Or just patches of grey?
Toby Barlow, Babayaga|How old are you?""Ah that is a good one. I do not know.""Before cars?""Before trains, before guns. Before people stole the curves from the high clouds and the angles from the flying flocks to build all their little alphabets.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|For too long, information, opportunities, and resources have been constraints, they need to be the bridges.
Iris Murdoch|Language disguises the thought; so that from the external form of the clothes one cannot infer the form of the thought they clothe, because the external form of the clothes is constructed with quite another object than to let the form of the body be recognized.
Anthony Liccione|If you put a clock in a bottle, with time it will crack,as like money, as like love, as like a beautiful mind, empty of a soul.
Penelope Cruz|The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love gives you knees to crawl, feet to run, legs to sprint, and wings to soar.
Cornel West, Race Matters|In these downbeat times, we need as much hope and courage as we do vision and analysis; we must accent the best of each other even as we point out the vicious effects of our racial divide and pernicious consequences of our maldistribution of wealth and power. We simply cannot enter the twenty-first century at each other's throats, even as we acknowledge the weighty forces of racism, patriarchy, economic inequality, homophobia, and ecological abuse on our necks. We are at a crucial crossroad in the history of this nation--and we either hang together by combating these forces that divide and degrade us or we hang separately. Do we have the intelligence, humor, imagination, courage, tolerance, love, respect, and will to meet the challenge? Time will tell. None of us alone can save the nation or world. But each of us can make a positive difference if we commit ourselves to do so.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When fortune favors fools, it is to punish them for the sake of the wise.
Ursula K. Le Guin|His fame as an artist requires very tender care. Look what a mask of diplomacy is painstakingly formed by the whole of that fine profile; he is as wily as a cardinal. He has scented in Miss White a useful agent of celebrity, and he has come solely to harness her to the cause of his glory. It is himself that he courts by means of the salaams he offers to her; he only ever flirts with himself. He is the Narcissus of the inkpot...
Steven Johnson, How We Got to Now: Six Innovations That Made the Modern World|The garage is the space for the hacker, the tinkerer, the maker. The garage is not defined by a single field or industry; instead, it is defined by the eclectic interests of its inhabitants. It is a space where intellectual networks converge.
Lene Fogelberg, Beautiful Affliction|When I contemplate life as well as death, I am discovering what really matters to me now.
Chester A. Arthur|Much of my work over the years has developed the premise that women's styles of friendship and conversation aren't inherently better than men's, simply different.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Prepare yourself well by learning how to be more mindful in each interaction. The effort you put forth to gain insight will empower you to make a better impression on others, while enriching your opportunities to build enlightened, trusted relationships.
Shivam Singh, Best Friends|Friendship is that essence which have all flavor in it, when it is lost the taste of life becomes tasteless.
Robert Louis Stevenson, A Christmas Sermon|Happiness and goodness, according to canting moralists, stand in the relation of effect and cause. There was never anything less proved or less probable: our happiness is never in our own hands; we inherit our constitution; we stand buffet among friends and enemies; we may be so built as to feel a sneer or an aspersion with unusual keenness and so circumstanced as to be unusually exposed to them; we may have nerves very sensitive to pain, and be afflicted with a disease very painful. Virtue will not help us, and it is not meant to help us.
Austin Scott Collins, Dicing Time for Gladness|I do not run from beauty, my own or anyone else's. If it is a gift, I claim it and I use it. And if it is a curse, well...I claim it and use it." Victoria da Vinci
C. JoyBell C.|I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin...a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.
Julie Orringer, The Invisible Bridge|How astounding that the largest thing he'd ever seen was still no match for the diminishing effect of distance. It made him aware of his own smallness in the world, his insignificance in the face of what might come, and for a moment his chest felt light with panic.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Have you ever been in love? It's a question you're asked a lot as a kid from your friends, adults, anyone. They're curious. How do you know you're in love? Do we even really know what love means? It's just a word to define a feeling.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|Once upon a time, when women were birds, there was the simple understanding that to sing at dawn and to sing at dusk was to heal the world through joy. The birds still remember what we have forgotten, that the world is meant to be celebrated.
Monika Zands|I started living when I learnt to be patient with myself and others, I have learnt to forgive myself and others and I have learnt to continually cheer myself when the going gets tough.
Patrick Süskind|If my belief in the God-force-principle-thing had faltered from time to time, it was completely reaffirmed that morning when I considered how completely brilliant a creation was fermentation. From decay came a pleasure sublime enough to keep decay at bay. Only for a few minutes, perhaps, but some minutes are like no others.
Kate Chisman, Creep|From the short story (and anthology containing it) DONNY DOESN'T LIVE HERE ANYMORE :Donny acted like he didn’t hear me. “You can’t send your mom off into eternity looking like that, Artie. She wouldn’t like it.” He reached into my mother’s casket, shoved his fingers into her mouth like it was the most logical thing in the world. “Donny, you can’t --!” “I’m just making her look right, Artie. It’s what she would want.” He tugged hard at my mom’s lips. I knew they were cold because I had kissed them a few moments earlier, and for a moment I felt convinced my friend had completely lost his mind. But when I looked inside Mom’s casket I knew Donny had done something only a best friend would think to do. My mother was smiling again. And she looked just the way I remembered her, the way I would always want to remember her. I got so choked up I couldn’t talk for a few minutes.  Finally I managed, “My mother always told me you could make her smile.
Chuck Norris|I just got tired of being overweight and unfit, so I changed my diet from hamburgers to yogurt and muesli, and it seems to work.
Lou Duva|A young musician plays scales in his room and only bores his family. A beginning writer, on the other hand, sometimes has the misfortune of getting into print.
Jordan Finneseth, Manual for the Soul: A Beginner's Guide. Awaken to Your Enlightenment in Millennium 2.1|people around me, problem around me, depression around me, thieves around me this is not literature or poetry ! this is my insolvency ! you can solve them try try try until they die !
Anthony T. Hincks|In terms of "quiet" bourgeois democracy two fundamental possibilities are open to the industrial worker: identification with the bourgeoisie, which holds a higher position in the social scale, or identification with his own social class, which produces its own anti-reactionary way of life. To pursue the first possibility means to envy the reactionary man, to imitate him, and, if the opportunity arises, to assimilate his habits of life. To pursue the second of these possibilities means to reject the reactionary man's ideologies and habits of life. Due to the simultaneous influence exercised by both social and class habits, these two possibilities are equally strong. The revolutionary movement also failed to appreciate the importance of the seemingly irrelevant everyday habits, indeed, very often turned them to bad account. The lower middle-class bedroom suite, which the "rabble" buys as soon as he has the means, even if he is otherwise revolutionary minded; the consequent suppression of the wife, even if he is a Communist; the "decent" suit of clothes for Sunday; "proper" dance steps and a thousand other "banalities," have an incomparably greater reactionary influence when repeated day after day than thousands of revolutionary rallies and leaflets can ever hope to counterbalance. Narrow conservative life exercises a continuous influence, penetrates every facet of everyday life; whereas factory work and revolutionary leaflets have only a brief effect.
Daniel Gottlieb, Voices in the Family: A Therapist Talks About Listening, Openness & Healing|We parents are in the process of losing parts of ourselves, of waking up each morning to find ourselves changed by our children. We may fantasize that we are not really changed, that we can go back to poring over Wittgenstein, immersing ourselves in the latest movies, being beach bums- whatever it was that we were before the child or children came into our lives. But part of what we have lost is the part of our identity that is the person-without-children. The parent we are now has a life inextricably entwined not only without our past life and our private selves but also with the lives of our children.
Mark W. Boyer|What does it take to be a writer? 1) Foolhardily believing that someone might actually be interested in reading what you've written. 2) Spending an enormous amount of time writing it as well as you can. 3) Accepting that, at best, you'll probably be paid something around 25 cents an hour for your efforts.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Religion,” [some] argue, “may be all right for certain emotional people, but you can’t beat a man who believes in himself.” But this self-confident generation has produced more alcoholics, more dope addicts, more criminals, more wars, more broken homes, more assaults, more embezzlements, more murders, and more suicides than any other generation that ever lived. It is time for all of us to take stock of our failures, blunders, and costly mistakes. It is about time that we put less confidence in ourselves and more trust and faith in God.
Julia Cameron, The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life|Just as a good rain clears the air, a good writing day clears the psyche.
G.I. Gurdjieff, Views from the Real World: Early Talks Moscow Essentuki Tiflis Berlin London Paris NY Chicago as Recollecte|Knowledge can be acquired by a suitable and complete study, no matter what the starting point is. Only one must know how to 'learn.' What is nearest to us is man; and you are the nearest of all men to yourself. Begin with the study of yourself; remember the saying 'Know thyself.
Abraham Hicks|As a powerful creator, your potential success only awaits the genesis of thought.
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|I think I found your vampire,” Andrew said, except this time he wasn’t so amused.However, Gabriella was, her smile huge as she laughed, the sound a trill in the densely packed cold air.“You think this is funny?” The words came out surly, but Andrew couldn’t stop his lips from twitching over her amusement.“I thought they’d be bigger,” she said, stifling another round of giggles. “Are you okay?”“Just a flesh wound.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Going into a marriage,is like jumping into unknown river with a lot of fishes. It is better to study the characters ofthe fishes that habits the unknown river,before getting into it.When you get so encited to go into the unknown river because you love swimming,the fishes in the river might be hungry  PIRANHAS.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Scrawny? Baby, I invented scrawny. Scrawny is the new sizzling hot.
Cybill Cain, Haunted|You make me crazy in all the best ways, woman. You always have. I’m only me when I’m with you.
Lorna Sage, Bad Blood|We're celebrating our freedom. We're celebrating our ability to be kids when everything is trying to take that away from us. It's a choice, Ty. We can do whatever we want.
Jay Woodman|My power is everywhere propping up illusions, but I'm taking it back by letting go of them & just riding the stallion into wonderland. Let's see what you've got to say about the darkness in the mountains, I wonder if you know you can just turn it all to light. As we ride through the valley can you see the same water flowing that I do, or do dust clouds conceal it and block up your nose & throat? You're so thirsty for the end of the journey but I don't want you to miss the magic on the road.
Alin Sav|If you´re not ready to face death, you´re not ready to face life.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., While Mortals Sleep: Unpublished Short Fiction|We see the puppets dancing on their miniature stage, moving up and down as the strings pull them around, following the prescribed course of their various little parts. We learn to understand the logic of this theater and we find ourselves in its motions. We locate ourselves in society and thus recognize our own position as we hang from its subtle strings. For a moment we see ourselves as puppets indeed. But then we grasp a decisive difference between the puppet theater and our own drama. Unlike the puppets, we have the possibility of stopping in our movements, looking up and perceiving the machinery by which we have been moved. In this act lies the first step toward freedom. And in this same act we find the conclusive justification of sociology as a humanistic discipline
Andrew Klavan, Werewolf Cop|They'd put the anesthesia mask on him, and the next instant he was in the recovery room. It was a blackout so complete, it made him doubt the immortality of the soul.
Steve Prefontaine|It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and then do your best.
Graeme Sparkes|Foreign lands never yield their secrets to a traveller. The best they offer are tantalising snippets, just enough to inflame the imagination. The secrets they do reveal are your own - the ones you have kept from yourself. And this is reason enough to travel, to leave home.
Debra Dean, The Mirrored World|Her love of words is a private passion - one she would rather not share. In the house of her childhood though everything had to be shared. If she tried to hold anything back, they would search and find the hidden places. Her written words, discovered, read were just the source of more pain and punishment. This was why she loved poetry. They did not always understand it so they left it alone.
Nema Al-Araby|I'd rather be poor to my bones than be rich with your money, that is like a trigger, ready to be pulled in my face.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count Of Monte Cristo / Le Comte De Monte Cristo:  English French Parallel Text Edition|My friend, let us enjoy the present and give no thought to the evils of the future.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|Well what?” said Peter. He knew but had learned that if there was one advantage to the male sex it was that your obtuseness would never be underestimated; if you pretend you don’t know what the problem is, half the time it just goes away.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|It’s better not to hold your feelings inside too much and express them to a dear one freely, than to pay thousands of dollars to a psychiatrist for the same outburst of emotions later. Emotions are a bonding mechanism for humans. So, use ‘em, abuse ‘em and utilize ‘em.
Erin Gruwell|When I started learning the cello, I fell in love with the instrument because it seemed like a voice - my voice.
Harry Thompson|In inventing [General Juan Manuel de] Rosas’ self-justification, I have taken the liberty of drawing almost exclusively on the words of Tony Blair, and the various self-justifications he produced to defend his foreign policy adventures with George Bush in the Middle East and the Central Asia.
Andy Carrington, Self Service Check-Outs Have No Soul|What did journalists know of tech, anyway? Who gave a damn about the press? We were the Good Guys. Changing the World. Doing the Important Stuff.
Ed Lynskey, The Blue Cheer|Shouldering the duffel bag with the Marine Corps bulldog, Old Man knocked Jan's photo off the bed table. He turned to stone staring down at the photo. His face then splintered into hurt. Tears seeped into his eyes. He grappled for the nearest bedpost and slumped forward on extended arms. His shoulders jerked and head sagged a little while his heart broke. Old Man cried the mute cry of men of his generation.
Michael Poeltl, Rebirth|I loved Duncan and I loved being his mother but I wasn't sure I was prepared to be only his mother. Before we were even married, when Russell and I had gotten our dog, Humbert, I had walked him early one morning, and as I stood on a line for coffee, someone had offered him a dog treat. "I always ask the mommy first," she said, looking at him expectantly. "Oh, I'm not his mother," I said, "I'm just his...friend," and she looked at me with complete contempt. "You're his mother," she had scolded, "Poor dog.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|Yeah, but what if you went back and killed your own grandfather?"He stared at me, baffled. "Why the fuck would you do that?
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Offer yourself forgiveness as a gift. The word ‘give’ is the basic keyword in the word forgiveness, therefore it relays a meaning therein.
Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart|If time heals all wounds, and a book can hold a person's entire life, then you can speed up the process with a pulp time warp.
Kristen Stewart|Henry Miller is a famous writer whose work has fallen out of fashion, but I strongly recommend that readers who don't know his work pick up a book and experience this writer's zealous, crazy, inventive, funny, sexy, often delirious prose.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I will look at you in the darkness of the night, where there are no colours to fill my eyes and where there are no frames that would define your shape. In the silence, I will seek the warmth of the night in your memories and sleep holding tight those orphan dreams. O dear, amidst the cloudy skies, where did you disappear?
Novalis|Philosophy is really nostalgia, the desire to be at home.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Once you’re lost, you panic. You’re in total despair, not knowing what to do. I hate it when that happens. Sex can be a real pain that way, ‘cause when you get in the mood all you can think about is what’s right under your nose - that’s sex, all right.
Paul Manafort|Donald Trump was not asked by the leadership to change. And there's no reason for him to change. He's just won the primary process with a record number of votes, beating a field of 16 qualified candidates. So, there's no reason for Donald Trump to change.
J.G. Ballard, High-Rise|They thrived on the rapid turnover of acquaintances, the lack of involvement with others, and the total self-sufficiency of lives which, needing nothing, were never dissapointed.
Charles Wheelan, Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science|The problem with call-in shows is quite simple, if you only dare to admit it: Democracy is best when not everyone can be heard all the time. If we are constantly reminded of all the stupid things that people say and think, it becomes rather difficult to remember the good and noble arguments for everyone to be able to participate and decide.
Gary   Hopkins|When you take a moment to peel back the layers of time and space in your current state of perception, you soon begin to realize the true nature of the self and it's reality. Increasing your self-awareness naturally fosters compassion and integrity in all actions and attitudes towards oneself and others
Anne Sexton|Wanting to Die Since you ask, most days I cannot remember.I walk in my clothing, unmarked by that voyage.Then the almost unnameable lust returns.Even then I have nothing against life. I know well the grass blades you mention,the furniture you have placed under the sun.But suicides have a special language.Like carpenters they want to know which tools.They never ask why build.Twice I have so simply declared myself,have possessed the enemy, eaten the enemy,have taken on his craft, his magic.In this way, heavy and thoughtful,warmer than oil or water,I have rested, drooling at the mouth-hole.I did not think of my body at needle point.Even the cornea and the leftover urine were gone.Suicides have already betrayed the body.Still-born, they don't always die,but dazzled, they can't forget a drug so sweetthat even children would look on and smile.To thrust all that life under your tongue!—that, all by itself, becomes a passion.Death's a sad Bone; bruised, you'd say,and yet she waits for me, year after year,to so delicately undo an old wound,to empty my breath from its bad prison.Balanced there, suicides sometimes meet,raging at the fruit, a pumped-up moon,leaving the bread they mistook for a kiss,leaving the page of the book carelessly open,something unsaid, the phone off the hookand the love, whatever it was, an infection.
Usain Bolt|The second you think that all your good fortune is a product of your virtue, you become highly judgmental, lacking empathy, totally without self-awareness, arrogant, stupid - I mean, all the stuff that our ruling class is.
William Blake, The Complete Poems|Ring out, wild bells, to the wild sky,The flying cloud, the frosty light;The year is dying in the night;Ring out, wild bells, and let him die.Ring out the old, ring in the new,Ring, happy bells, across the snow:The year is going, let him go;Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|The three great elemental sounds in nature are the sound of rain, the sound of wind in a primeval wood, and the sound of outer ocean on a beach. I have heard them all, and of the three elemental voices, that of ocean is the most awesome, beautiful and varied.
Heather     James, Fire|They're terrified of us Firefly, all of them are.""Well, good," I replied, forming a tiny ball of flames in my fingertips, which were curled round the handle on the back of the bike. "They should be.
Rebecca O’Dwyer|Real love never fails, never fades, and the greatest expression of it is giving.
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|Love is the kind of thing that's already happening by the time you notice it, that's how it works, and no matter how old you get, that doesn't change. Except that you can break it up into two entirely distinct types -- love where there's an end in sight and love where there isn't.
Aretha Franklin|In my experience, those who make the biggest fuss about not spending much at Christmas are generally the ones who buy what they want and eat where they want 12 months a year.
Jansson, Tove|I want to go swimming," the child said. She waited for opposition, but none came. So she took off her clothes, slowly and nervously. She glanced at her grandmother -- you can't depend on people who just let things happen. She put her legs in the water."It's cold," she said."Of course it's cold," the old woman said, her thoughts somewhere else. "What did you expect?
James Joseph Sylvester|That just goes to show that you never can tell about a person by guessing," Frances informs her niece. "That's why language was invented. Otherwise, we'd all be like dogs, sniffing each other to find out where we stood.
Viktor E. Frankl|Looking back at my life's voyage, I can only say that it has been a golden trip.
José Cipriano de la Luz y Caballero|O Stranger, send the news home to the people of Sparta that here weAre laid to rest: the commands they gave us have been obeyed.Ὦ ξεῖν', ἀγγέλλειν Λακεδαιμονίοις ὅτι τῇδεκείμεθα, τοῖς κείνων ῥήμασι πειθόμενοι.[Epitaph of the 300 Spartans at Thermopylae]
George Santayana|There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know. Women do. Women want to learn. Men think, 'I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked.'
Derek Parfit, Reasons and Persons|To make a change, you must be: willing to commit, willing to change, willing to have an open mind, and willing to take action!
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|Hell was not a pit of fire and brimstone. Hell was waking up alone, the sheets wet with your tears and your seed, knowing the woman you had dreamed of would never come back to you.
Carlos Ghosn|When life was worrying about a car payment or a rent payment and a bill, you're so consumed with that, you really don't have time to know yourself. That's surviving and getting by.
David Louden, Lost Angeles|Wriggling around, two fingers deep in my back end like some teenage boy unsure what he should be tugging at inside his girlfriend’s nether region I wrestled a fifty free.
Irvin D. Yalom|People think it's funny that I enjoy dreaming so much. I just use it as a form of entertainment. It's very private. I don't see my dreams as separate. I mean, half the time I'm wandering around dreaming anyway.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|She still cared for me, and the best way I could make amends to her was to be happy.I do have a knack for finding great women.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Arise! Arise! Arise and shine!May Christ message of eternal life fill your heart with everlasting love, hope, happiness and new dreams.
Henry Mintzberg|Orrin Hatch is old enough to be my father, and I don't want my father running the United States Senate Finance Committee.
Jonah Books.com|Every destiny comes with a destiny activator or proof producer. Someone God will use to bring out he best in you. Elisha needed an Elijah, Joshua needed a Moses, Lot needed an Abraham, and Timothy needed a Paul
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|You’re a clever strategist, but not all battles require tricks. Sometimes the simplest way to kill something is to swim up to it and bite it in half.
Lisi Harrison, The Clique|Are you a female dog?""What?" Massie asked. 
Cindi Madsen, An Officer and a Rebel|He dipped his head to kiss her again. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he slowly lowered her back to the floor. He took his time tasting her lips, her tongue, memorizing the feel of her curves against him. He pulled back and looked into her eyes.She gripped the front of his shirt, holding him in place. "Don't stop." "No, no more stopping." He kissed her again, getting lost in the blur of clothes being tossed off, her skin under his fingertips, and the hum of his heart as he fully let himself fall.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron King|Oh, we're playing nice now? Shall we have tea first? Brew up a nice pot of kiss-my-ass?
Sheryl Sandberg|The Soul's knowledge is lovingly gifted, just as you are presented with gifts - from those you love.
David L. Conroy, Out of the Nightmare: Recovery from Depression and Suicidal Pain|When we criticize the suicidal for being selfish, we are actually criticizing them for not enduring their pain with grace and good manners. These are nice qualities; we may be correct to reproach average citizens for not having them. But to expect everyone in pain to have them is unrealistic. Bearing pain quietly is what moralists call a supererogatory act--an act that is above the call of duty. Expecting everyone to who is suicidal to behave in a way that is morally above average is simply abusive.
Robert H. Schuller|I do believe that it was through divine providence that the Founding Fathers drafted a document that created a government that didn't trust each other - hence the separation of powers. And then, to close the deal, the Bill of Rights was added to continue to protect individual rights and freedoms.
Nick Harkaway|Once my ears were open to hearing mentions of 'Shark Tank', I was surprised by how many people in our world, even in our industry, tech and finance, loved the show.
Phillips Brooks|Pray the largest prayers. You cannot think a prayer so large that God, in answering it, will not wish you had made it larger. Pray not for crutches but for wings.
Thomas Hardy|Her heart longed for some ark into which it could fly and be at rest. Rough or smooth she did not care, so long as it was warm.
Pam Houston, Waltzing the Cat|The lakes are something which you are unprepared for; they lie up so high, exposed to the light, and the forest is diminished to a fine fringe on their edges, with here and there a blue mountain, like amethyst jewels set around some jewel of the first water, - so anterior, so superior, to all the changes that are to take place on their shores, even now civil and refined, and fair as they can ever be.
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|Certain levels of human understanding cannot be attained, it is claimed, until the brain can work in more than one way.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God supply my needs, one day at a time.
Tom Cunningham|People only keep their eyes open out of habit. And, nothing more.
Julie de Lespinasse|You know that when I hate you, it is because I love you to a point of passion that unhinges my soul.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Discipline begins where you are, and the key to sustaining the level of discipline you need lies in developing daily habits and routines which mirror the life you want to have.
Jeni Dhodary, Jesus of Suburbia|Beloved mother and wife. Without you, all the light is gone.
Judith Guest, Ordinary People|Depending on the reality one must face, one may prefer to opt for illusion.
Carol S. Dweck, Mindset: The New Psychology of Success|I expected differences among children in how they coped with the difficulty, but I saw something I never expected.Confronted with the hard puzzles, one then-year-old boy pulled up his chair, rubbed his hands together, smacked his lips, and cried out, :I love a challenge!".I never though anyone loved failure.Not only weren't they discouraged by failure, they didn't even think they were failing. They though they were learning.
Graham Swift, Tomorrow|How quick and rushing life can sometimes seem, when at the same time it's so slow and sweet and everlasting.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Hold onto your creativity, that idealism that is rooted in some degree of innocence and a firm belief in something finer than the things we already have.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Children are angels in exile, so close to God. They haven't had time to separate from Him.Ali
Ross Douthat, Bad Religion: How We Became a Nation of Heretics|Among the tastemakers and power brokers and intellectual agenda setters of late-twentieth-century America, orthodox Christianity was completely déclassé.
Shannon A. Thompson, Death Before Daylight|Beautiful things were sometimes mixed up with treacherous things, they could even happen at the same time, or one could lead to the other, I thought.
Kara Martinelli, My Very Dearest Anna|Did you know, that one night; one moonless, clear, shining night; with the shadowy silhouettes of trees crisp against the star-filled sky – I, on the high, level terrace of my flat, stretched out my hand! Against all odds and possibilities of unbelief and grief – a life of searchings, discontent, and a nagging sense of unreality… A spider-web intuition of a spread-out, intricate illusion that wilfully withheld the truth from me.
David Gemmell, Shield of Thunder|We are tiny flames, Helikaon, and we flicker alone in the great dark for no more than a heartbeat. When we strive for wealth, glory and fame, it is meaningless. The nations we fight for will one day cease to be. Even the mountains we gaze upon will crumble to dust. To truly live we must yearn for that which does not die.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|If the characters are not wicked, the book is." We must tell stories the way God does, stories in which a sister must float her little brother on a river with nothing but a basket between him and the crocodiles. Stories in which a king is a coward, and a shepherd boy steps forward to face the giant. Stories with fiery serpents and leviathans and sermons in whirlwinds. Stories in which murderers are blinded on donkeys and become heroes. Stories with dens of lions and fiery furnaces and lone prophets laughing at kings and priests and demons. Stories with heads on platters. Stories with courage and crosses and redemption. Stories with resurrections.
Joan Bauer, Thwonk|Jealousy appears to be a redoubtable pitfall for love, on the toll road of self-absorption and unshareability. When love has to remain cloistered and ostentatiously exclusionary, envy may show its pernicious power, cause wounding harms and unchain emotional twisters. ("Why has Shé got stars in the sky?")
Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon|This too to remember. If a man writes clearly enough any one can see if he fakes. If he mystifies to avoid a straight statement, which is very different from breaking so-called rules of syntax or grammar to make an efffect which can be obtained in no other way, the writer takes a longer time to be known as a fake and other writers who are afflicted by the same necessity will praise him in their own defense. True mysticism should not be confused with incompetence in writing which seeks to mystify where there is no mystery but is really only the necessity to fake to cover lack of knowledge or the inability to state clearly. Mysticism implies a mystery and there are many mysteries; but incompetence is not one of them; nor is overwritten journalism made literature by the injection of a false epic qulaity. Remember this too: all bad writers are in love with the epic.
Stacey O'Brien, Wesley the Owl: The Remarkable Love Story of an Owl and His Girl|Of course, owls on the loose seemed strange to the uninitiated. One day an electrician came to work on the building's power supply, when, seemingly out of nowhere, an owl flew around a corner right at him. The poor guy let out an unearthly scream and hit the floor, covering his head and yelling in Spanish.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If God can be fully proved by the human mind, then He is no greater than the mind that proves Him.
Lao Tzu|Love is of all the passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart, and the senses.
Tristan Tzara, Seven Dada Manifestos and Lampisteries|Take a newspaper.Take some scissors.Choose from this paper an article of the length you want to make your poem.Cut out the article.Next carefully cut out each of the words that makes up this article and put them all in a bag.Shake gently.Next take out each cutting one after the other.Copy conscientiously in the order in which they left the bag.The poem will resemble you.And there you are -- an infinitely original author of charming sensibility, even though unappreciated by the vulgar herd.
Cynthia Hand, Boundless|Maybe I can learn to live in a way that makes it worth writing about, and maybe I can actually become something more than this empty shell.
Biju Paulose|Be happy, not contented.
Rebecca McNutt|So many people spend years (and money) studying to be doctors, lawyers, actors, dancers, business executives and scientists - when you're an author, you can be any of these things, and you don't need a degree or certificate; all you need is an imagination, a dream and an open mind.
Kim Jong-un|I had just left 'Saturday Night Live' when I came to 'The Daily Show,' and it just felt like Jon was on my side. I'll always be grateful to him for that. I just got the impression he wanted me to succeed, and then I wanted to succeed for him. I think that's good leadership.
Elizabeth SaFleur, Lovely|I always wondered. If…” Her mouth was on autopilot.“If what, Ella?”“If I crossed your mind wherever you were.”“You don’t cross my mind, Ella. You live in it.” He tugged her closer to him.
Donald J. Trump|. We are guided by outcomes, not ideology. We have a policy of principled realism, rooted in shared goals, interests, and values. That realism forces us to confront a question facing every leader and nation in this room. It is a question we cannot escape or avoid. We will slide down the path of complacency, numb to the challenges, threats, and even wars that we face. Or do we have enough strength and pride to confront those dangers today, so that our citizens can enjoy peace and prosperity tomorrow?
Ray Kroc|If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. Whatever good things we build end up building us.
Marissa Meyer, Cinder|She kept her head high, even as her eyes stung, even as panic filled her vision with warnings and precautions.It was not her fault he had liked her.It was not her fault she was cyborg. She would not apologize.
Libba Bray, Rebel Angels|We read privately, mentally listening to the author's voice and translating the writer's thoughts. The book remains static and fixed; the reader journeys through it.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|We may travel the world over to find a good spot,But if we are blind to search within, we find it not.
Yanan Melo, Naaalala Niyo Ba Ang Noli Me Tangere?|If bad things are happening in your country, remember, the first responsible person is your stupid government! But if you have supported that government, now, you are the first responsible person! So sit down and shut up!
José Saramago, All the Names|old photographs are very deceiving, they give us the illusion that we are alive in them, and it's not true, the person we are looking at no longer exists, and if that person could see us, he or she would not recognise him -- or herself in us, 'Who's that looking at me so sadly,' he or she would say.
Suzy Kassem|Eliminate the concept of division by class, skills, race, income, and nationality. We are all equals with a common pulse to survive. Every human requires food and water. Every human has a dream and desire to be happy. Every human responds to love, suffering and pain. Every human bleeds the same color and occupies the same world. Let us recognize that we are all part of each other. We are all human. We are all one.
Erin Hunter, A Dangerous Path|Children, language, lands: almost everything was stripped away, stolen when you weren’t looking because you were trying to stay alive. In the face of such loss, one thing our people could not surrender was the meaning of land. In the settler mind, land was property, real estate, capital, or natural resources. But to our people, it was everything: identity, the connection to our ancestors, the home of our nonhuman kinfolk, our pharmacy, our library, the source of all that sustained us. Our lands were where our responsibility to the world was enacted, sacred ground. It belonged to itself; it was a gift, not a commodity, so it could never be bought or sold. These are the meanings people took with them when they were forced from their ancient homelands to new places.
Max Barry, Lexicon|They knew that no one heard, that bloodless people cannot be made to bleed. So they blew what everyone had heard before, they reassured everyone that nothing terrible was happening.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|We have examined the universe in space and seen that we live on a mote of dust circling a humdrum star in the remotest corner of an obscure galaxy. And if we are a speck in the immensity of space, we also occupy an instant in the expanse of ages.
Debasish Mridha|When we overcome the fear of death, we become deathless, endless, and infinite.
Emma Thompson, The Sense and Sensibility Screenplay and Diaries: Bringing Jane Austen's Novel to Film|If two thousand five hundred languages are to be lost in the course of the twenty-first century, don’t be in any doubt about what that means for us: in each of those two thousand five hundreds cases a culture will be lost.
J. J. Watt|A retentive memory may be a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With 100% confident, courage and commitment, anything is possible.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|You can't argue with insanity. You can stare at it, gaping and incredulous, but arguing with it is futile.
Jane Espenson|DeWitt: Loneliness leads to nothing good, only detachment. And sometimes the people who most need to reach out are the people least capable of it.
Hubert H. Humphrey|When I feed the poor, they call me a saint, but when I ask why the poor are hungry, they call me a communist. Dom Helder Camara – one of the great prophets of Christian "Liberation theology".
Ross  Turner, Reaper|If this was what it meant to be human, for now she saw more clearly than she ever had done, she didn’t want to be.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|I could have done even better, miss, and I'd know a lot more, if it wasn't for my destiny ever since childhood. I'd have killed a man in a duel with a pistol for calling me low-born, because I came from Stinking Lizaveta without a father, and they were shoving that in my face in Moscow. It spread there thanks to Grigory Vasilievich. Grigory Vasilievich reproaches me for rebelling against my nativity: 'You opened her matrix,' he says. I don't know about her matrix, but I'd have let them kill me in the womb, so as not to come out into the world at all, miss.
Matt Wallace, Envy of Angels|Do you know where you were on Thursday evening at about eight o'clock last week, and who you were with, and what you were doing? Are you absolutely certain beyond any shadow of a doubt? Would you bet your life on it? If there is any possibility—no matter how slim or remote—that you could possibly be mistaken about such a thing, you are the kind of person who should never agree to talk to the police under just about any circumstances for as long as you live. And that includes practically everybody.
Preeti Shenoy, It Happens for a Reason|I had never felt great about my modelling career anyway. All of it was so fake, so make-believe. But look at the people here. How warm they are. How genuine. I have never had any of this before. I feel wealthier than when I was making all that money modelling in Mumbai, You are right about your observation. This life does give me my peace.
Alecia Whitaker, Wildflower|We are doing a disservice to our country when we keep on pushing the messages of miracles, signs and wonders.
Hanya Yanagihara|When I travel, which is most of the year, I live in TripIt.
Germaine Greer, The Whole Woman|Thirty years on, femininity is still compulsory for women—and has become an option for men—while genuine femaleness remains grotesque to the point of obscenity. Meanwhile, the price of the small advances we have made towards sexual equality has been the denial of femaleness as any kind of a distinguishing character.
Mark Steel|Never explain, never retract, never apologize. Just get the thing done and let them howl.
Loretta Livingstone|The day we met, frozen I held my breath. Right from the start, I knew that I found the home for my heart beats fast. Colors and promises. How to be brave? How can I love, when i'm afraid to fall. But watching you stand alone,all of my doubts, suddenly goes away somehow. One step closer. I have died every day waiting for you, darlin' don't be afraid, I have loved you for a thousand years, i'll love you for a thousand more ♛♥
Donna Grant, Dragon Fever|Dreagan is Scotland," Asher said. "The land draws you in a way you can no' begin to understand. You feel the majesty and magic of the ancient land. From the tallest mountain to the lowest valley, in the leaves of the trees and in the currents of the streams, you feel an overwhelming and unshakable need to want to be a part of such a place. To want to belong.It doesn't confine you. Instead, it cradles you, offering its beauty and solitude for those who answer its call. It's wild and free. It's fierce and unbreakable. It's home.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Most of Jesus’ life is told through the four Gospels of the New Testament, known as the Canonical gospels, written by Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. These are not biographies in the modern sense but accounts with allegorical intent. They are written to engender faith in Jesus as the Messiah and the incarnation of God, and not to provide factual data about Jesus’s life. This left the door of exaggeration open. And through that door all kinds of mystical non-sense crept in and made place right alongside the good philosophical teachings of Jesus.
Robin Sacredfire|Life is supposed to be fast, not slow. Spirits fly when worms are crawling; birds sing when the dead are moaning.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Letters of Dorothy L. Sayers. Vol. 1, 1899-1936: The Making of a Detective Novelist|The one thing which seems to me quite impossible is to take into consideration the kind of book one is expected to write; surely one can only write the book that is there to be written., 8 September 1935)
Yohji Yamamoto|For me, a woman who is absorbed in her work, who does not care about gaining one’s favour, strong yet subtle at the same time, is essentially more seductive. The more she hides and abandons her femininity, the more it emerges from the very heart of her existence.
Adam Sandler|If anybody wanted to photograph my life, they'd get bored in a day. 'Heres Matt at home learning his lines. Here's Matt researching in aisle six of his local library'. A few hours of that and they'd go home.
Ishmael Beah, A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier|The fact is that every war suffers a kind of progressive degradation with every month that it continues, because such things as individual liberty and a truthful press are simply not compatible with military efficiency.
Laura Hough, Allies in Healing: When the Person You Love Is a Survivor of Child Sexual Abuse|The most important thing in defining child sexual abuse is the experience of the child. It takes very little for a child’s world to be devastated. A single experience can have a profound impact on a child’s life. A man sticks his hand in his daughter’s underpants, or strokes his son’s penis once, and for that child, the world is never the same again.
Alaya Dawn Johnson, The Summer Prince|In the dark, I seem to stretch. Without a body to witness, I grow and grow with my pleasure. I feel like a constellation, a concept hung on a scattering of stars.
Reyoung, Unbabbling|-- all that you left behind when you signed up. when you dropped out of that world, went out on the plains with the thousands of other eager, nervous, frightened young men to push the arms of civilization farther into the darkness, and suddenly you had everybody together, raw-boned, freckle-faced crackers and big fucking spades and tough little beaners from the east side, who knows, maybe even some crazy howling ragheads from the desert, inscrutable yellow and red skins with slanted and almond and olive eyes. It didn't matter where you came from, everybody was together, you were all crazed, laughing and shouting all this bullshit jive with reefer and booze and crystal methedrine in your veins and Independence Day going off over your head. And then a shell lands right in the middle and suddenly you're sitting in the pile of smashed cherry pie and scattered limbs screaming AAAAHHHHH! AAAAHHHHH! AAAAHHHHH! over and over again because you alone were untouched, because all those other lives and all those other voices that were laughing and shouting around you a second ago stopped, and were gone forever, and you alone kept talking into the void.
Jeff Rice, The Night Stalker|Zach had once heard the president described as "the most dangerous narcissist alive, because the world really does revolve around him.
Ellen Hopkins, Impulse|I learned something important that night. You shouldn’t try to stop everything from happening. Sometimes you’re supposed to feel awkward. Sometimes you’re supposed to be vulnerable in front of people. Sometimes it’s necessary because it’s all part of you getting to the next part of yourself, the next day.
Nelson Mandela|I have wandered all my life, and I have also traveled; the difference between the two being this, that we wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.
Dada Bhagwan|When one decides that I want to get rid of the mistakes which are in me, he can become the Absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma).
Rudolph Herzog, Dead Funny: Humor in Hitler's Germany|Comrades, we are going to try to cheer you up, and our sense of humor will help us in this endeavor, although the phrase gallows humor has never seemed so logical and appropriate. The external circumstances are exactly in our favor. We need only to take a look at the barbed wire fences, so high and full of electricity. Just like your expectations.And then there are the watchtowers that monitor our every move. The guards have machine guns. But machine guns won’t intimidate us, comrades. They just have barrels of guns, whereas we are going to have barrels of laughs.You may be surprised at how upbeat and cheerful we are. Well, comrades, there are goods reasons for this. It’s been a long time since we were in Berlin. But every time we appeared there, we felt very uneasy. We were afraid we’d get sent to the concentration camps. Now that fear is gone. We’re already here.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|What was meaningful? What was meaningless? What did it mean, to amount to something? What type of life, was worth living? Was it better, to make a ton of money, and have a fucking goddamn Mercedes, or whatever the fuck kind of car it was, to be a lawyer with a ‘serious’ job, and to have ‘amounted to something,’ or was it better to just be a waiter, and work the evening shift, and have your days free to goof off with your roommates, your friends, to go to meditation, to take some time to reflect, and enjoy life, and to not always be in such a big goddamn rush to get somewhere?
Gregory Bateson|I think that obstacles lead to growth and ultimately, the most learning I've done in my life is between jobs.
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Cowboy|A man without fear, is a man I strive to be.
Janet Jackson|I feel like you can't get an audience to like your character if she's actually cool, but you can if she's trying to be cool and sometimes fails.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Empowerment comes from self-realization and recognition of our internal gifts, which we already have.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|To set yourself up for success, you need to be real about what you can commit to consistently.
Rosemary Sutcliff, Blue Remembered Hills: A Recollection|As I said before, I took to miniature painting without a completely whole heart, on the advice of my elders and betters. Generally speaking, I do not think that one should ever take another person's advice in the things of life that really matter, but follow the dictates of the still small something in one's innermost self. But 'they' advised, and I bowed to the advice; and in this particular instance it was a good thing I did, because the advice turned out to be so resoundingly wrong that it turned me into another direction altogether. If I had gone on working in oils I might very well have been a dedicated but unsuccessful painter to this day.
Plutarch|Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
Christian Donald Joseph Poulin|You don't ever heal your heart, you learn that your heart is the one that heals you, once you know to let it.
E. Lockhart, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks|So she did not replay, but played the strategist. She retained more power by withholding an answer.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|If her enemies were Brigan's friends and her friends were Brigan's enemies, then the two of them could walk through the world arm in arm and never be hit by arrows again.
Winston S. Churchill|Democracy is more vindictive than cabinets, the wars of peoples will be more terrible than those of kings.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Think of something, Oh yes! Think of something. Your life must not be in retardation so think of something! Think of growth for that is the whole essence of life!
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|Give me a moment, because I like to cry for joy. It's so delicious, John dear, to cry for joy.
Nina Ardianti, Restart|I don’t wanna be in a fake-perfect-relationship. Because, however, it will eventually turn to be a shitty relationship. And why on earth, I would put myself inside a shitty and tiring relationship while there are probabilities and chances to have a real happy relationship out there?
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|The smallest thing by the influence of eternity is made infinite and eternal. We pass through a standing continent or region of ages, that are already ebfore us, glorious and perfect while we come to them. Like men in a ship we pass forward, the shores and marks seeming to go backward, though we move and they stand still. We are not with them in our progressive motion, but prevent the swiftness of our course, and are present with them in our understandings. Like the sun we dart our rays before us, and occupy those spaces with light and contemplation which we move towards, but possess not with our bodies. And seeing all things in the light of Divine knowledge, eternally serving God, rejoice unspeakable in that service, and enjoy it all.
Billy Crystal|For me, the good food starts with good product.
Edith Wharton|A classic is classic not because it conforms to certain structural rules, or fits certain definitions (of which its author had quite probably never heard). It is classic because of a certain eternal and irrepressible freshness.
Cynthia Ozick|I think rap music is brought up, gangster rap in particular, as well as video games, every other thing they try to hang the ills of society on as a scapegoat.
Frank Norris|Democracy rests upon two pillars: one, the principle that all men are equally entitled to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness; and the other, the conviction that such equal opportunity will most advance civilization.
Victor Hugo|Not everyone gets to do what they love, be good at it, and get paid for it. If you do, you're lucky.
Jan Karon, Somewhere Safe with Somebody Good|Don’t spoil Christmas Day by anticipating how it will be. Let is unfold as it does, and be grateful for whatever comes.
Lana Parrilla|I love readings and my readers, but the din of voices of the audience gives me stage fright, and the din of voices inside whisper that I am a fraud, and that the jig is up. Surely someone will rise up from the audience and say out loud that not only am I not funny and helpful, but I'm annoying, and a phony.
James Dashner, The Death Cure|I am wishing of a memory, where you gave me everything you hadand where I offered you the pieces that were leftof me.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life is a barren field.
Michael Scott, The Magician|We're going nowhere, " Joan said grimly. Traffic on the narrow street was at a complete standstill.A chill settled in Sophie's stomach: it was the appalling fear that her brother was going to die."Sidewalk," Nicholas said decisively. "Take it.""But the pedestrians—""Can get out of the way. Use your horn.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|But what is real? In the Bible we are constantly being given glimpses of a reality quite different from that taught in school, even in Sunday school. And these glimpses are not given to the qualified; there's the marvel. It may be that the qualified feel no need of them.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|History did not demand Yossarian's premature demise, justice could be satisfied without it, progress did not hinge upon it, victory did not depend on it. That men would die was a matter of necessity; WHICH men would die, though, was a matter of circumstance, and Yossarian was willing to be the victim of anything but circumstance. But that was war. Just about all he could find in its favor was that it paid well and liberated children from the pernicious influence of their parents.
Paul Ryan|Nelson Mandela is physically separated from us, but his soul and spirit will never die. He belongs to the whole world because he is an icon of equality, freedom and love, the values we need all the time everywhere.
Sarah van Waterschoot|If we let go of the past, we will never learn from our mistakes.
Anonymous|When I'm with you, I can't keep my hands off of you. When I'm not with you, I can't keep my hands off of myself.
Tom Brady|Within our culture, every school has a swimming pool. We lived on the coast. People swam in the surf. It's a very sporty nation and at that particular time anyone who had an artistic bent was very much an outsider. So if you liked reading or ideas or playing the piano then your dad viewed you as a sissy, basically.
Jack Kornfield, A Path with Heart: A Guide Through the Perils and Promises of Spiritual Life|To learn to concentrate we must choose a prayer or meditation and follow this path with commitment and steadiness, a willingness to work with our practice day after day, no matter what arises.
Neel Mukherjee, The Lives of Others|Mollycoddling was the mother's duty; the father's lay elsewhere. As a consequence, his four older children feared and respected him, as they had been taught to do, and the love the professed to feel, had they been asked and had they answered truthfully or even had access to the truth, was of a duty-bound, obligatory kind too, a love issuing from commandment and tradition and the notion of family, not one from the tides of the heart or the unbridled, inexplicable pull of feelings. If painted, that love would take the form of a polite and manicured wash of pleasant colours, not the hurl-and-splatter of impastoed reds.
John of Kronstadt|The real difference in the believer who follows Christ and has mortified his will and died after the old man in Christ, is that he is more clearly aware than other men of the rebelliousness and perennial pride of the flesh, he is conscious of his sloth and self-indulgence and knows that his arrogance must be eradicated. Hence there is a need for daily self-discipline.
Wonder Bus|The wonder of life is infinite, yet most fail to comprehend this.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan|Life is short. I'm 47 years old. I've got 10 years to go where I can be the best I can be. I want those 10 years to be precious, not like before, cranking two or three movies a year. I've made a ton of movies in my life, but so what?
A.J. Garces|The only reason you should ever look down on someone, is to help them up.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|... the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future.
Arthur C. Clarke, Imperial Earth|For the last century, almost all top political appointments [on the planet Earth] had been made by random computer selection from the pool of individuals who had the necessary qualifications. It had taken the human race several thousand years to realize that there were some jobs that should never be given to the people who volunteered for them, especially if they showed too much enthusiasm. As one shrewed political commentator had remarked: “We want a President who has to be carried screaming and kicking into the White House — but will then do the best job he possibly can, so that he’ll get time off for good behavior.
Daniel Suarez, Kill Decision|But it would be broadcast, and in the great public theatre of his age; that unregulated market of braying narcissists, that Wild West of disinformation and fraud, that infinite sea of piracy, the great electorate where the constituency of billions voted their approval with a click of a mouse. The internet. It brought governments down and rewrote history...
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|I wish to be buried in Ireland, the country of my adoption a country which I loved, which I have dutifully served, and for which I believe I have sacrificed my life.
Justin Alcala| 'If life is pain, one could say that killing is an act of compassion. I look forward to my own death, you know. But dying is like losing you virginity. You can only do it once. I'm saving it for the right moment.' 
Richard Hayne|For me, it was important Wonder Woman wouldn't be a Goody Two-Shoes. She has a little bit of attitude, and when she fights, she has a smirk on her face. I didn't want her to be polished. I want people to relate to her.
Nikki Sex, Accuse|Find one person to trust—there need only be one. With them, share every shame, every secret and listen to theirs… with love. Bare hearts and souls until there is understanding. Of a certainty, such honest exposure is the first step toward happiness. — André Chevalier
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Last American Man|Ferbin's father had had the same robustly pragmatic view of religion as he’d had of everything else. In his opinion, only the very poor and downtrodden really needed religion, to make their laborious lives more bearable. People craved self-importance; they longed to be told they mattered as individuals, not just as part of a mass of people or some historical process. They needed the reassurance that while their life might be hard, bitter and thankless, some reward would be theirs after death. Happily for the governing class, a well-formed faith also kept people from seeking their recompense in the here and now, through riot, insurrection or revolution.
Ryan Galloway, Biome|Nerve endings. That’s what it all comes down to. Billions of rooted synapses, like trees entwined in erratic soil. Lightning strikes every millionth of a second, the charges scattering across the gaps and down a spinal braid.
Randy Neugebauer|True heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic. It is not the urge to surpass all others at whatever cost, but the urge to serve others at whatever cost.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|In too many instances, the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls. And that must change.
King Samuel Benson, Blood Tournament|No matter where you once were, no matter how dark your storm, God doesn't want you to remain there. Overcoming may not be easy, but it's possible when you ask your Father to battle for you.
Paul  Collins, Sixpence House: Lost in a Town of Books|I noticed you made a bee-line for their bookcases." It is the oldest and most incorrigible trait of the book-lover.
Mitt Romney|Peace is not the absence of war, but a virtue based on strength of character.
Alec Baldwin, Nevertheless: A Memoir|Once you've found some joy, you never want to be without it.
Erica Sehyun Song|Oscar always said that books are truly our best friends. He said that they never think poorly of us and that they always have a shoulder for us to cry on or relieve stress. They take our minds away from the real world by telling us captivating stories. When we look back at our choice of books, we can nostalgically recall our younger years.
Sergio Troncoso, The Last Tortilla: and Other Stories|And yet, wasn't the terrific thing about stories the fact that they joined readers together, that they made people realize they were not alone in their hopes, dreams, and fears?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|UN-Impressive ‘Compliments’ . . .•	When compliments are used as a passive-aggressive way to manipulate others for personal gain.•	Delivering a back-handed compliment which makes others feel bad.•	Dishonesty—you say it but really do not mean it.•	False bravado.•	Manufacturing the moment for your ulterior motives.•	Pandering to win affection, a vote, or approval.•	Exaggerating and being over-zealous.•	Being hypocritical.•	Expressing preferential treatment or making an unfair comparison.•	When it draws attention to a person’s weakness, disabilities, or shortcomings.•	When it is inappropriate and off-color.
Erica Goros|Emotions are like muscles. Most of them go highly unattended, it's usually the weaker, undefined ones that cause injury to the rest, and there is most certainly memory response in play.
Mary Roberts Rinehart|War is not two great armies meeting in the clash and frenzy of battle. War is a boy being carried on a stretcher, looking up at God’s blue sky with bewildered eyes that are soon to close; war is a woman carrying a child that has been injured by a shell; war is spirited horses tied in burning buildings and waiting for death; war is the flower of a race, battered, hungry, bleeding, up to its knees in filthy water; war is an old woman burning a candle before the Mater Dolorsa for the son she has given.
Jeff Sessions|Liberals tend to stress how marvelous education is, in and of itself, and also adore it as a vessel for genuine equality. (That's me, by the way: Hell, I think we should be spending $50 billion a year to make college education free).
Jacqueline E. Smith, Between Worlds|If you were a real professional, you'd build a bridge and get over it.
Mrs. Oliphant, The Gentlewomen of Evil: An Anthology of Rare Supernatural Stories from the Pens of Victorian Ladies|The Church acts as a sort of embassy for the government of the King. It is an outpost of the Kingdom of God surrounded by the kingdom of darkness. Just as an embassy is meant to showcase the life of a nation to the surrounding people, so the Church is meant to manifest the life of the Kingdom of God to the people around it.
Meir Soloveichik|With learning lines, before I had Alfie, I'd put it off and think, 'Oh, I'll just have a glass of wine and then do it later,' but when you've finally got a child to bed and you know you've only got an hour, then you achieve so much.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|And then I became aware of all the magnificent silk wrapped around my body, and had the feeling I might drown in beauty. At that moment, beauty itself struck me as a kind of painful melancholy.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|I'm fine," [her dad] said gently. "Back on the horse, Cath.''What's the horse?' she sighed, watching him pull on a South High hoodie. 'Jogging? Working too much?''Living,' he said, a little too loud. 'Life's the horse.
Seth Shostak|The mysteriousness and mystique of space is such, that science fiction attempts to tantalize you by telling you a story that could possibly be out there and that's the appeal of science fiction.
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|Lucian's father had warned him to fear idle men. Without the pride gained from a good day's work, they were left to their vices and the doubts that crowded their head. Their hatred. Their envy.
John Lothrop Motley, Diderot and the Encyclopaedists|The finger of the atheists' own divinity, Reason, wrote on the wall the appalling judgments that there is no God; that the universe is only matter in spontaneous motion; and, most grievous word of all, that what men call their souls die with the death of the body, as music dies when the strings are broken.
Dick Pirozzolo, Escape from Saigon|When I crawled down the rabbit hole into the pivotal event of my life--indeed the pivotal event of my generation--to write "Escape from Saigon - a Novel" I never expected it to be such an emotional journey into a life I left four decades ago.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney, Asha in Time|It is interesting how one word can spark memories that one believes she has buried beyond recognition. War reminded me of the sharp and bittersweet smell of burning homes, temples, and palaces. It made my eyes cloud over with a haze of dense smoke, kicked up dirt as people went running and careening around corners, and the flashing colors of different garments as citizens ran in all directions, their lives suddenly meaningless. The word war made me twelve years old again and frightened beyond sanity.
J.B. Phillips|If words are to enter men's minds and bear fruit, they must be the right words shaped cunningly to pass men's defenses and explode silently and effectually within their minds.
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|Bad boss? Fire him/her. When you're interviewing for a job, You're job is to interview them. You are an equal.
Francesca Lia Block, Pink Smog|Welcome Beauty, banish fear.
pirhana4|It was obvious that the woman was trying to turn over a new leaf, so we bought all her bowls. I got a gigantic stoneware one with a flat bottom, like you’d use if you were making bread for the whole army, and I knew I would have to change my whole life to have a use for this bowl.
Natalie Goldberg|Once you connect with your mind, you are who you are and you’re free.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|Dr. Peter Boghossian’s A Manual for Creating Atheists is a precise, passionate, compassionate and brilliantly reasoned work that will illuminate any and all minds capable of openness and curiosity. This is not a bedtime story to help you fall asleep, but a wakeup call that has the best chance of bringing your rational mind back to life.(Review of Dr. Peter Boghossian's book, 'A Manual for Creating Atheists')
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The Christian does not avoid sin to achieve salvation, but rather salvation brings him to a desire not to sin. The closer that one's spirit is synchronized with the holy knowledge of God, the more he comprehends how and why sin is destructive to himself and others in each and every circumstance. The dwindling desire for sin is a premature gift of Heaven - where there will be no sin, where all will, too, possess that full and complete wisdom; all will have perfect reasons not to sin. In this way, free will might still exist, but the shared wisdom of God will simply outwit all desires, impulses, and needs to sin.
Petra Hermans|Relinquish your ideology of control, for it is merely a mirage anyway.
Kevin O'Leary|The joy is in the getting there. The beginning years of starting your business, the camaraderie when you're in the pit together, are the best years of your life. So rather than being so focused on when you get big and powerful, if you can just get the juice out of that... don't miss it.
Mário de Sá-Carneiro, Mário de Sá Carneiro - Poesias|The endWhen I die bang on cansRomp around in leaps and boundsLet whips crack in the airCall in clowns and acrobats!I want my coffin to go on a donkeyDecked out in Andalusian styleYou can't refuse anything to a dead manAnd I want, by all means, go on a donkey
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|I was headed for an entire life spent alone, pitying myself for not being more, ignoring all those people who actually ask me to be more, because they see it in me.
Sacha Baron Cohen|Sex can lead to nasty things like herpes, gonorrhea, and something called relationships.
Harrison Scott Key, The World's Largest Man: A Memoir|But books were full of stories and stories were full of lies and lies hurt Jesus's feelings, so I didn't know what to think. I blamed my family. They were the ones who taught me so much about telling stories, and how not to do it, and then, in inspired moments of surprise, how to tell one so good you forgot what day it was, and I liked forgetting what day it was, so I made certain life choices that would allow me to get paid to forget what day it was and teach others to forget what day it was, which is, after all, what I think heaven probably is: the whole world, forgetting what day it is. You have to, I bet, with an endless supply of them.
Virgil Thomson|I've never known a musician who regretted being one. Whatever deceptions life may have in store for you, music itself is not going to let you down.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|All changes are positive, just look in the bright side, always and you find the pearl that lies beneath in the sand and a sunny way is there ahead for you!:)
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|It is time to have real conversations. Even in high crime areas – everybody in that area is not committing crimes. Everybody on the police force is not corrupt. Just like everybody in the hospital is not sick. Everybody in the jailhouse is not an inmate. What America and the media have to stop doing is painting the picture with such a broad stroke. We have to begin to deal with each incident and each individual as that – an individual incident. Until then, we will continue to have the needless loss of lives and unnecessary force.
Vonnie Davis, Bearing It All|Months ago, he'd told Effie, grandmother to his eldest brother's wife, that he was too busy to find a woman. He went on to brag he was quite happy being alone. That the only way he'd even consider a woman was if she dropped from the feckin' sky.He groaned and downed his first cup of coffee. Him and his big whisky loosened tongue.
Ivan Doig, This House of Sky: Landscapes of a Western Mind|Men and women are hard ore, we do not go to slag in a mere few seasons of forge.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Every second and minute that you are not sleeping should be converted, investing your life and your time into doing that thing that you were born to do.
John Hope Franklin|Own only what you can always carry with you: know languages, know countries, know people. Let your memory be your travel bag.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life.
Bruce Springsteen|I'm really an inner spirit that only makes itself known through the music. A lot of people think I'm an introvert, or quiet and moody. I've even heard some people say that there's a certain mystery or darkness about me. I'm not that way. I'm just really into what I do.
Alice Munro|I always had a philosophy which I got from my father. He used to say, 'Listen. God gave to you the gift to play football. This is your gift from God. If you take care of your health, if you are in good shape all the time, with your gift from God no one will stop you, but you must be prepared.'
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|Every interaction is an opportunity to learn, Only if we are interested in improving rather than proving.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|Not every artistic person should have to be a photographer, but every photographer should be artistic.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Redeem soul, resurrect spirit.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|Eventually, after much dreaming, the dream no longer suffices. You have to physically be there.
Edward Gorey, Floating Worlds: The Letters of Edward Gorey & Peter F. Neumeyer|Neither mine nor other people's prospects seem particularly pleasing just at the moment, and I have fantasies of going to Iceland, never to return. As it is, I tell myself not to remember the past, not to hope or fear for the future, and not to think in the present, a comprehensive program that will undoubtedly have very little success.
Davy Crockett|And now, once again, I bid my hideous progeny go forth and prosper. I have an affection for it, for it was the offspring of happy days, when death and grief were but words, which found no true echo in my heart.
Neil Postman, The End of Education: Redefining the Value of School|Educators may bring upon themselves unnecessary travail by taking a tactless and unjustifiable position about the relation between scientific and religious narratives. We see this, of course, in the conflict concerning creation science. Some educators representing, as they think, the conscience of science act much like those legislators who in 1925 prohibited by law the teaching of evolution in Tennessee. In that case, anti-evolutionists were fearful that a scientific idea would undermine religious belief. Today, pro-evolutionists are fearful that a religious idea will undermine scientific belief. The former had insufficient confidence in religion; the latter insufficient confidence in science. The point is that profound but contradictory ideas may exist side by side, if they are constructed from different materials and methods and have different purposes. Each tells us something important about where we stand in the universe, and it is foolish to insist that they must despise each other.
Martha Brockenbrough, The Game of Love and Death|Our kiss was electric and soft,and tentative and certain,terrifying and exactly right.I felt the love rush from me to Gat and from Gat to me.We were warm and shivering,and young and ancient,and alive.I was thinking, It's true. We already love each other.We already do.
Agnostic Zetetic|Good bye, proud world! I'm going home; Thou art not my friend, and I'm not thine
Emily Barr, The One Memory of Flora Banks|Time is a random thing. It is the thing that makes us older. Humans use it to organize the world. They have invented a system to try to make order from randomness. The other humans, all of them but me, live their lives by hours and minutes and days and seconds, but those things are nothing. The universe would laugh at our attempts to organize it, if it could be bothered to notice them. Time is the thing that makes our bodies shrivel and decay. That is why people are scared of it.
Dave Eggers, The Wild Things|Maybe he hadn't thought the war through. It had seemed like simple fun when he had first pictured it, with a glorious beginning, a difficult but valor-filled middle, and a victorious end. He hadn't accounted for the fact that there might not be much of a resolution to the battle, and he hadn't imagined what it would feel like when the war just sort of ended, without anyone admitting defeat and congratulating him for his bravery.
Anthony T. Hincks|If we fear failure, how then will we handle success?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As long as we desire to reach new heights, we will find the strength to climb the mountain.
Kimberly Lewis|There,” he said with a smirk. “Now I don’t have a swim suit either.”Andi bit her bottom lip and felt the heat begin to flood her cheeks. The sharp pinch on her arm snapped her out of her trance and she quickly swatted at the bug. “Okay, okay. Turn around and don’t peak.” The light from the moon made it easy for her to see his questioning glare. “What?”“Turn around?” Zane asked, trying to hold back a smile. “Need I remind you that I’ve seen you naked before, Miss Ford.”—Zane and Andi in, Zane: The McKades of Texas
Ansel Elgort|I met Patti Smith, which is not Hollywood, but that really blew my mind. I love her. We were at a very small party, too, on a boat, and I totally fanned out. I told her that I loved her, and wasn't cool at all.
Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry|The impoverished always try to keep moving, as if relocating might help. They ignore the reality that a new version of the same old problem will be waiting at the end of the trip- the relative you cringe to kiss.
Lupe Fiasco|When I was doing 'Smile,' I was looking back at pictures of myself and going, 'Thank goodness I couldn't do the sprayed-bangs thing! Everybody's so embarrassed by that hairstyle now, but I was never cool enough to pull it off!'
Nacho Figueras|Birds themselves are so interesting and intelligent, and they give so many cues without being verbal, so they say such great things. Feathers are superior to fur, even. They're so beautiful, and nature uses such amazing colors.
Kasey Michaels, The Return Of The Prodigal|We can talk about our dreams all night, Lisette. We can talk forever, for the rest of our lives, living one adventure after another, I promise. But not now, my darling Lisette. For now, all I can think of is the brilliance of yet another ancient Greek, Sophocles. He said, 'One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life-that word is love.' I love you, Lisette. You bring my life joy I've never known. Please, marry me.
C. JoyBell C.|Why do we always begin to think about people when they die? I think we should think about people while they're still alive! That way, they can know that we're thinking about them! I always tell people when I'm thinking about them, or that I thought about them, or that I have been thinking about them and it almost always scares them away, but so what, I am practicing the art of life and if that is frightening to them then maybe they need to start living while they're still alive!
Larry R. Lawrence|In these last days, what the world really needs is courageous parenting from mothers and fathers who are not afraid to speak up and take a stand.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|It's sad if people think that's (homemaking) a dull existance, [but] you can't just buy an apartment and furnish it and walk away. It's the flowers you choose, the music you play, the smile you have waiting. I want it to be gay and cheerful, a haven in this troubled world. I don't want my husband and children to come home and find a rattled woman. Our era is already rattled enough, isn't it?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you failure, do not give up. Find new strength to climb the stairway to success.
Kieran Jamie Lee, Igloos in the Summer|life is like a teabag; you end up dead, replaced and forgotten.
Vanessa Wu, Love Has No Limits|Perhaps writing a story or a novel was not something that should be done for money, or to win praise, but for the sheer sensual pleasure of it. I liked that idea. It made me want to write lots of stories, to give myself that pleasure.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|Readers understand that the books celebrate female power. In the romance novel, the woman always wins. With courage, intelligence and gentleness she brings the most dangerous creature on the earth, the human male, to his knees.
Noam Chomsky|That is what I have always understood to be the essence of anarchism: the conviction that the burden of proof has to be placed on authority, and that it should be dismantled if that burden cannot be met.
Jan Jansen|Some of my pleasantest hours were during the long rain-storms in the spring or fall, which confined me to the house for the afternoon as well as the forenoon, soothed by their ceaseless roar and pelting; when an early twilight ushered in a long evening in which many thoughts had time to take root and unfold themselves. In those driving northeast rains which tried the village houses so, when the maids stood ready with mop and pail in front entries to keep the deluge out, I sat behind my door in my little house, which was all entry, and thoroughly enjoyed its protection.
Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer|To be strong, and beautiful, and go round making music all the time. Yes, she could do that, and with a very earnest prayer Polly asked for the strength of an upright soul, the beauty of a tender heart, the power to make her life a sweet and stirring song, helpful while it lasted, remembered when it died.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|Every man is more than just himself; he also represents the unique, the very special and always significant and remarkable point at which the world's phenomena intersect, only once in this way, and never again. That is why every man's story is important, eternal, sacred; that is why every man, as long as he lives and fulfills the will of nature, is wondrous, and worthy of consideration. In each individual the spirit has become flesh, in each man the creation suffers, within each one a redeemer is nailed to the cross.
G.K. Chesterton, The Defendant|The fact remains that a certain combination of fragrances can captivate the opposite sex like the scent of an animal in heat. One kind of fragrance might attract fifty out of a hundred people. And another scent will attract the other fifty. But there also are scents that only one or two people will find wildly exciting. And I have the ability, from far away, to sniff out those special scents. When I do, I want to go up to the girl who radiates this aura and say, Hey, I picked it up, you know. No one else gets it, but I do.
Elizabeth Gaskell|If Molly had not been so entirely loyal to her friend, she might havethought this constant brilliancy a little tiresome when brought intoevery-day life; it was not the sunshiny rest of a placid lake, it wasrather the glitter of the pieces of a broken mirror, which confusesand bewilders.
Peter Bach Pulmonologist at Memorial Sloan-Kettering|You only have one day at a time to live, so live it and choose well!
Amy Tintera, Rebel|I still have the scars from when they captured me and beat me in the middle of the street.""You don't get scars.""Emotional scars then.
Lily King, Euphoria|We don't choose whom we love,” he told Maura, so gently that she knew he knew. If she wasn't going to be loved in return, she would have liked not to be pitied for it. She got neither of these wishes. “But people have this advantage over swans, to put their unwise loves aside and love another. Not me. I'm too much swan for that.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Whether your glass is half full or half empty, hope can fill it up.
Benedicta Ward|Sometimes, down in the subway, a train Maxine's riding on will slowly be overtaken by a local or an express on the other track, and in the darkness of the tunnel, as the windows of the other train move slowly past, the lighted panels appear one by one, like a series of fortune-telling cards being deal and slid in front of her. The Scholar, The Unhoused, The Warrior Thief, The Haunted Woman... After a while Maxine has come to understand that the faces framed in these panels are precisely those out of all the city millions she must in the hour be paying most attention to, in particular those whose eyes actually meet her own - they are the day's messengers from whatever the Beyond has for a Third World, where the days are assembled one by one under non-union conditions. Each messenger carrying the props required for their character, shopping bags, books, musical instruments, arrived here out of darkness, bound again into darkness, with only a minute to deliver the intelligence Maxine needs. At some point naturally she begins to wonder if she might not be performing the same role for some face looking back out another window at her.
Peter Abelard|Everyone who knows me will know the truth, which is that my children come first in my life and that I would never harm any child.
S. Alice Callahan, Wynema: A Child of the Forest|The very success of the internet itself is due to its openness, equality of opportunity and innovation. Platforms like Facebook itself would not have been created if Mr. Mark Zuckerberg was accessing the internet via free basics.
Mandy Hale|Until you get comfortable with being alone, you’ll never know if you’re choosing someone out of love or loneliness.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Until you go and grow ‎MAD‬ with and in your true passion and purpose, you cannot enter the realm of meteority which is enemical to mediocrity.
Charles Bukowski, War All the Time|some moments are nice, some arenicer, some are even worthwritingabout.
Sipporah Joseph, Spirit Tales Spirit Tale One: The Wheelwork: Don't You Know You're Not Alone!|In your country and mine we should have the privilege of making fun of this kind of morality, but it would be unkind to do it here.Many of these people have the reasoning faculty, but no one uses it in religious matters.
Stefan Molyneux|If you are for gun control, then you are not against guns, because the guns will be needed to disarm people. So it’s not that you are anti-gun. You’ll need the police’s guns to take away other people’s guns. So you’re very pro-gun; you just believe that only the Government (which is, of course, so reliable, honest, moral and virtuous…) should be allowed to have guns. There is no such thing as gun control. There is only centralizing gun ownership in the hands of a small political elite and their minions.﻿
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|There are miracles even reactivity can't pull off, Ender
Jonathan Sacks|I always have issues with trust. I'm a New Yorker... Really, I think trust is something that comes from the gut. And I think you have to - it's probably the worst advice to give people - but I think you gotta trust people from your gut.
Blake Lively|At age 12 or 13, I wanted to design for showgirls - for the theater!
Graham Greene, Our Man in Havana|I don't care a damn about men who are loyal to the people who pay them, to organizations...I don't think even my country means all that much. There are many countries in our blood, aren't there, but only one person. Would the world be in the mess it is if we were loyal to love and not to countries?
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Doubt is an uncomfortable condition, but certainty is a ridiculous one.
Nora Ephron, When Harry Met Sally|I love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out. I love that it takes you an hour and a half to order a sandwich. I love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you're looking at me like I'm nuts. I love that after I spend the day with you, I can still smell your perfume on my clothes. And I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night. And it's not because I'm lonely, and it's not because it's New Year's Eve. I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
Hayley Williams|Nay, could their numbers countervail the stars,Or ever-drizzling drops of April showers,Or wither'd leaves that autumn shaketh down,Yet would the Soldan by his conquering powerSo scatter and consume them in his rage, That not a man should live to rue their fall.
Michael Barakiva, One Man Guy|People like to say being gay isn't like skin color, isn't anything physical. They tell us we always have the option of hiding.But if that's true, why do they always find us?
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|Evolutionarily speaking, there is seldom any mystery in why we seek the goals we seek — why, for example, people would rather make love with an attractive partner than get a slap on the belly with a wet fish.
Magic Johnson|Living is no laughing matter: you must live with great seriousness like a squirrel for example - I mean without looking for something beyond and above living, I mean living must be your whole occupation.
Mark Rothko|It is really a matter of ending this silence and solitude, of breathing and stretching one's arms again.
Karl Lagerfeld|I never had to learn English, French and German because I was brought up as all three languages. I had a private French teacher before I even went to school. That helped a lot.
Eka Kurniawan, Man Tiger|An author’s operating charter is to unearth embedded symbols that reflect complementary and inconsistent relationships of our collective assemblage, combine harmonizing and contradictory conceptions that motivate us, and delve larger truths out of variable and erratic elements of human nature.
Malcolm Cowley, Exile's Return: A Literary Odyssey of the 1920s|I look to the right as I cross the bridge and smile to see the tip of the Eiffel Tower soaring over rooftops in the distance on the other side of the river. I've seen it in photographs a thousand times, but seeing it in person for the first time that reminds me that I'm really, truly here, thousands of miles away, across an ocean from home.
Montel Williams|If you've got a talent, protect it.
Brooklyn Ann, Wynter's Bite|I’m fine. I’m not even all that hungry. I’d much rather explore the book shop.”“Food first, books after,” he said sternly, not liking the dark shadows of fatigue beneath her eyes. Who knew when she’d last slept? “And then we should rest early.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, we trust the Saviour to be our strength.
E.B. White|That’s Manhattan today—all the money goes up top, while the infrastructure wastes away from neglect. The famous skyline is a cheap trick now, a sleight-of-hand to draw your eye from the truth, as illusory as a bodybuilder with osteoporosis.
Mahershala Ali|My dad used to say, 'Just be yourself and you'll be fine,' but it's really, really true.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|Men from the mountains always dream of the sea, and above all things I love to travel.
Norman Schwarzkopf|You can never stop and as older people, we have to learn how to take leadership from the youth and I guess I would say that this is what I'm attempting to do right now.
Lisa Diamond, Sexual Fluidity: Understanding Women's Love and Desire|The younger a religious person is when she gets married, the less she understands and knows about her sexuality. Add to this the incredible fear of talking about sexual fantasies, masturbation, experimentation and pornography, and a young adult enters a marriage with a serious handicap that can inhibit sexual development for life.Such people have no template for communication except through their guilt-based training.
Rick Riordan, The Sword of Summer|I just came from Bunker Hill,’ I told Sam. ‘Hel offered me a reunion with my mother.’I managed to tell her the story.Samirah reached out as if to touch my arm, then apparently changed her mind. ‘I’m so sorry, Magnus. But Hel lies. You can’t trust her. She’s just like my father, only colder. You made the right choice.’‘Yeah … still. You ever do the right thing, and you know it’s the right thing, but it leaves you feeling horrible?’‘You’ve just described most days of my life.’ Sam pulled up her hood. ‘When I became a Valkyrie … I’m still not sure why I fought that frost giant. The kids at Malcolm X were terrible to me. The usual garbage: they asked me if I was a terrorist. They yanked off my hijab. They slipped disgusting notes and pictures into my locker. When that giant attacked … I could’ve pretended to be just another mortal and got myself to safety. But I didn’t even think about running away. Why did I risk my life for those kids?’I smiled.‘What?’ she demanded.‘Somebody once told me that a hero’s bravery has to be unplanned – a genuine response to a crisis. It has to come from the heart, without any thought of reward.’Sam huffed. ‘That somebody sounds pretty smug.’‘Maybe you didn’t need to come here,’ I decided. ‘Maybe I did. To understand why we’re a good team.
Clare Mulley, The Spy Who Loved: The Secrets and Lives of Christine Granville|A cult is a group of people who share an obsessive devotion to a person or idea. The cults described in this book use violent tactics to recruit, indoctrinate, and keep members. Ritual abuse is defined as the emotionally, physically, and sexually abusive acts performed by violent cults. Most violent cults do not openly express their beliefs and practices, and they tend to live separately in noncommunal environments to avoid detection.Some victims of ritual abuse are children abused outside the home by nonfamily members, in public settings such as day care. Other victims are children and teenagers who are forced by their parents to witness and participate in violent rituals. Adult ritual abuse victims often include these grown children who were forced from childhood to be a member of the group. Other adult and teenage victims are people who unknowingly joined social groups or organizations that slowly manipulated and blackmailed them into becoming permanent members of the group. All cases of ritual abuse, no matter what the age of the victim, involve intense physical and emotional trauma.Violent cults may sacrifice humans and animals as part of religious rituals.They use torture to silence victims and other unwilling participants. Ritual abuse victims say they are degraded and humiliated and are often forced to torture, kill, and sexually violate other helpless victims. The purpose of the ritual abuse is usually indoctrination. The cults intend to destroy these victims' free will by undermining their sense of safety in the world and by forcing them to hurt others.In the last ten years, a number of people have been convicted on sexual abuse charges in cases where the abused children had reported elements of ritual child abuse. These children described being raped by groups of adults who wore costumes or masks and said they were forced to witness religious-type rituals in which animals and humans were tortured or killed. In one case, the defense introduced in court photographs of the children being abused by the defendants[.1] In another case, the police found tunnels etched with crosses and pentacles along with stone altars and candles in a cemetery where abuse had been reported. The defendants in this case pleaded guilty to charges of incest, cruelty, and indecent assault.[2] Ritual abuse allegations have been made in England, the United States, and Canada.[3]Many myths abound concerning the parents and children who report ritual abuse. Some people suggest that the tales of ritual abuse are "mass hysteria." They say the parents of these children who report ritual abuse are often overly zealous Christians on a "witch-hunt" to persecute satanists.These skeptics say the parents are fearful of satanism, and they use their knowledge of the Black Mass (a historically well-known, sexualized ritual in which animals and humans are sacrificed) to brainwash their children into saying they were abused by satanists.[4] In 1992 I conducted a study to separate fact from fiction in regard to the disclosures of children who report ritual abuse.[5] The study was conducted through Believe the Children, a national organization that provides support and educational sources for ritual abuse survivors and their families.
Erin McCarthy, True|Listen, I know you just got back, and you’re exhausted, but I need a favor.” Not again… I was looking forward to going home and sleeping for a day, or several. “I have a date tonight?” “A date?” He choked. I didn’t date, and he knew it. “Yeah, with my bed. We were totally going to sleep together.” I said sarcastically.
Madeleine L'Engle, The Summer of the Great-Grandmother|I get glimmers of the bad nineteenth-century teaching which has made Mother remove God from the realm of mystery and beauty and glory, but why do people half my age think that they don't have faith unless their faith is small and comprehensible and like a good old plastic Jesus?
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|I’m a Texas girl, with a California soul.
Avery Flynn, Betting the Billionaire|Trav smiled his sweetest, most charming smile. "Of course I'll play your husband on TV."Daisy blew out a breath of relief. "Great! Thank you. I knew you'd understand."She reached for the ignition to shut off the car. He placed his hand on hers. They weren't done quite yet."As long as you play my wife in real life.
Ceronetti|A psychiatrist on the Baader-Meinhof gang: „They seek salvation in a paranoia that blinds them to reality, because they believe everything that surrounds them is an evil machination”. On this point they are not blind. Man cannot, however, look upon the underlying evil and thus cannot escape the punishment of total blindness and corruption meted out to all except inspired seers, and especially those athletes who have overcome evil and been immunized before approaching the vision. For Arjuna the sight of God in his terrifying aspect is cathartic; he remains a warrior and a righteous man. For a Baader, a glimpse behind the veil produces mental upheaval.
Amy B. Scher|A little known fact: I read all the time. books were the one thing that got me out of Gatlin, even if it was only for a little while.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our worldly wisdom has made us calloused and hard. Our natural wisdom, as the Scriptures teach, comes not from God, but is earthly, sensual, and devilish.
Israelmore Ayivor|If the problems you have this year are the same problems you had last year, then you are not a leader. You are rather a problem on your own that must be solved.
Oscar Wilde|There are only two kinds of people who are really fascinating: people who know absolutely everything, and people who know absolutely nothing.
Neil Gaiman, The Doll's House|We read about you to be with you, to walk in someone else's shoes, to experience another life. Some of those lives are hard, and others are easy, but we're with you every step of the way. We read about people in impossible situations because we're dealing with horrible things ourselves, in our lives. And you going through your story helps us with ours, no matter how yours ends.
W.G. Sebald, The Rings of Saturn|Was it all put into words, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it?
Brent Schlender, Becoming Steve Jobs: The Evolution of a Reckless Upstart into a Visionary Leader|Failure isn't the end of the world, nor is it a sign that you won't be capable of going on to do other things.
Pico Iyer|And if travel is like love, it is, in the end, mostly because it’s a heightened state of awareness, in which we are mindful, receptive, in dimmed by familiarity and ready to be transformed. That is why the best trips, like the best love affairs, never really end.
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|Havin to make all the rules, all the time, wasn’t never my idea of a party.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|Your roots aren't to be found in your childhood so much as in your child. It's he who provides your link to the world, and home is wherever he is.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: The Complete Edition|Sethian began, sounding thoughtful. “As I said, last night was more than a night of pleasure. When I brought you into my bed, you became my wife.
Gerald Edelman|Memory results from a process of continual re-categorization which, by its nature, must be procedural and involve continual motor activity and repeated rehearsal.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Force your kids to pursue success and they shall be drowned into the abyss of characterlessness, but let them pursue excellence and they shall rise as glorious Gods.
Kay Larson, Where the Heart Beats: John Cage, Zen Buddhism, and the Inner Life of Artists|Suffering builds character and impels you to penetrate life’s secrets. It’s the path of great artists, great religious leaders, great social reformers. The problem is not suffering per se, but rather our identification with our own ego: our divided, dualistic, cramped view of things. ‘We are too ego-centered,’ Suzuki tells Cage.’ The ego-shell in which we live is the hardest thing to outgrow. We seem to carry it all the time from childhood up to the time we finally pass away.
Shana Alexander, Shana Alexander's State By State Guide To Women's Legal Rights|When two people marry they become in the eyes of the law one person, and that one person is the husband.
P. J. O'Rourke|I certainly don't want a child of mine to be famous, or anyone I was very close to who isn't yet... It's the worst thing to be trapped in your house not be able to leave.
Woally Mandzanga|The power of positive thinking is vital for maintaining happiness, goodhealth and longevity.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Faith is universal. Our specific methods for understanding it are arbitrary. Some of us pray to Jesus, some of us go to Mecca, some of us study subatomic particles. In the end we are all just searching for truth, that which is greater than ourselves.
Penelope Douglas, Punk 57|I bite my bottom lip, trying not to cry. I never cry in front of them.
J.K. Rowling|HARRY: "Oh, Draco . . . we can’t. We can’t use it."Draco looks up at Harry, and for the first time — at the bottom of this dreadful pit — they look at each other as friends.DRACO: "We have to find them — if it takes centuries, we must find our sons —
Kristen Casey, Finding Home|Upon their meeting in New York in 1958: “We didn’t want to live together. We didn’t have any examples of what a good love relationship between two men could be. And there was always the problem of hiding so no one would know we were gay. There was no question that if I were known to be gay, living with another man, it would make it more difficult for me to get work as an actor.” - Alan Shayne, co-author, Double Life
Jolie Booth, The Girl Who'll Rule the World|But look after yourself - there will be great dangers on the way. Remember, the right road is never the easy road.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God has hewn out a hidden path more glorious, tantalizing and adventuresome than the path trod by most, and it is a path seen only through the eyes of our wounds, felt solely through the heart of our losses, and singularly traversed by those with a limp in their step.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|Book means fly in the sky,cross the desert, without wing without water.
Josh Groban|There's no half-singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera diva
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If I ask God to punish my enemy with vengeful prayers,then He is fair to allow the enemy to do the same for me.
Eugène Ionesco, Fragments of a Journal|I read a page of Plato's great work. I can no longer understand anything, because behind the words on the page, which have their own heavenly brightness, to be sure, there shines an even brighter, an enormous, dazzling -why- that blots out everything, cancels out, destroys all meaning. All individual intelligence. When one has understood, one stops, satisfied with what one has understood. I do not understand. Understanding is far too little. To have understood is to be fixed, immobilized. It is as though one wanted to stop on one step in the middle of a staircase, or with one foot in the void and the other on the endless stair. But a mere why, a new why can set one off again, can unpetrify what was petrified and everything starts flowing afresh. How can one understand? One cannot.
Clarence Thomas|I was fortunate to play for Pete Rose and have teammates like Ken Griffey Sr., Tony Perez and Dave Concepcion. I grew up in the game with a mature attitude. I've always known it was better to be seen and not heard.
Anthony Liccione|As dogs return to their vomit, some men return to their wives.
Kathy Bryson, Restless Spirits|They're ghosts, surely, and Rabbit absolutely believes in them. There are things in the world, strange machinations of physics and chemistry,queer intersections of biology and theology, that Rabbit hasn't the slightest interest in assuming he'll ever understand or be able to solve. They're simply there to be believed in, and Rabbit is a born believer. He wants to believe. He has always thought of life as pregnant with possibility-- a freak twister or wardrobe the only thing separating him from another world-- so ghosts, spirits, aliens and supreme beings coexist within Rabbit with ease. There's a kind of beauty in accepting the possibility, if not the plausibility, of everything imaginable.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Help me to understand, what my grief has prevented me from seeing - within.
Matt K. Turner, GENESIS|All this, I suspect, has been little more than the operation known as the pilgrimage from the cradle to the grave, but I have had a comfortable feeling that, however ordinary my enterprises may have been, they had at any rate the advantage of containing, for me, an element of sustained unfamiliarity. I am one of those persons who begin life by exclaiming they've "never seen anything like this before" and die in the hope that they may say the same of heaven.
Kahlil Gibran|Imagination sees the complete reality, - it is where past, present and future meet... Imagination is limited neither to the reality which is apparent - nor to one place. It lives everywhere. It is at a centre and feels the vibrations of all the circles within which east and west are virtually included. Imagination is the life of mental freedom. It realizes what everything is in its many aspects ... Imagination does not uplift: we don't want to be uplifted, we want to be more completely aware.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|I am an expression of the divine, just like a peach is, just like a fish is.
Karen Horney|If it's true that men are such beasts, this must account for the fact that most women are animal lovers.
Janice Galloway, The Trick Is to Keep Breathing|I already read everything. I read poems and plays and novels and newspapers and comic books and magazines. I read tins in supermarkets and leaflets that come through the door, unsolicited mail. None of it lasts long and it doesn't give me answers. Reading too fast is not soothing.
Harrish Sairaman|Fear produces action, but would never create followers
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Every woman who chooses--joyfully, thoughtfully, calmly, of her own free will and desire--not to have a child does womankind a massive favor in the long term. We need more women who are allowed to prove their worth as people, rather than being assessed merely for their potential to create new people. After all, half of those new people we go on to create are also women--presumably themselves to be judged, in their futures, for not making new people. And so it will go on, and on...While motherhood is an incredible vocation, it has no more inherent worth than a childless woman simply being who she is, to the utmost of her capabilities. To think otherwise betrays a belief that being a thinking, creative, productive, and fulfilled woman is, somehow, not enough. That no action will ever be the equal of giving birth.
Connie Kerbs|Three, 300, or 3,000 - these are the number of unknown days, each far too little and yet too much at the same time, to see an irrevocably declined loved one languish and suffer, with that bittersweet release lingering in the doorway, but never quite being sent all the way in, to comfort and carry our loved one to that Better Place.” ― Connie Kerbs
Jean Douchet|In all of its operations, cinema ceaselessly strives, and fails, to make present a world hopelessly beyond grasp. For this reason cinema is, in its very nature, a nihilistic medium.
Alice Brown|I was afraid, sheer afraid, and wondered at myself. You see, I've no more pluck than any man of my inches but I'd been about a good bit. I'd seen adventure and heard other fellows talk it over, and I knew you're pretty sure to get out of everything with a whole skin till that last particular time that you don't - so what's the use of grizzling? ("Golden Baby")
from a letter in the Works of John Wesley|To think outside the box, first you need to know what YOU & OTHERS are thinking inside.
William Wordsworth|Lines Written In Early SpringI heard a thousand blended notes,While in a grove I sate reclined,In that sweet mood when pleasant thoughtsBring sad thoughts to the mind.To her fair works did Nature linkThe human soul that through me ran;And much it grieved my heart to thinkWhat man has made of man.Through primrose tufts, in that green bower,The periwinkle trailed its wreaths;And 'tis my faith that every flowerEnjoys the air it breathes.The birds around me hopped and played,Their thoughts I cannot measure:--But the least motion which they madeIt seemed a thrill of pleasure.The budding twigs spread out their fan,To catch the breezy air;And I must think, do all I can,That there was pleasure there.If this belief from heaven be sent,If such be Nature's holy plan,Have I not reason to lamentWhat man has made of man?
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|Greater than a sage is the one who taught him; God is the teacher, and the wise are all His students.
Fulton J. Sheen, Characters of the Passion: Lessons on Faith and Trust|Even though Christ Himself would not deliver us from the power of the Totalitarian State, as He did not deliver Himself, we must see His purpose in it all. Maybe his children are being persecuted by the world in order that they might withdraw themselves from the world. Maybe His most violent enemies may be doing His work negatively, for it could be the mission of totalitarianism to preside over the liquidation of a modern world that became indifferent to God and His moral laws.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|his mother, who had never been able to manage him, sent him to school to get rid of him, lamented his absence till he returned, then writhed and fretted under his presence until again he went.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is the greatest love,it is the healing touch,it is the light of our soul,it is a message from the heart.
Pooja Ruprell|Practice unfettered living from the heart, abandoning all self-imposed limitations to emerge a new, creativity unleashed, giving of yourself like never before.
Keigo Higashino, The Devotion of Suspect X|There's only one way of escaping trouble; and that's killing things." Henry Higgins, Act V, Pygmalion, George Bernard Shaw
Stephen King|She was young and alive, untouchable. Why did she want to go?
Bonnie Friedman, Writing Past Dark: Envy, Fear, Distraction and Other Dilemmas in the Writer's Life|While the goal of a book is to create a positive emotional experience for the reader, the goal of the opening is to set the stage, to pull the reader in.
Indrajit Garai, The Seeker of Well-Being|External conflicts we can avoid, resolve, or manage. But, when it comes to internal conflicts, there is only one viable option: resolve. Whatever internal conflict, major or minor, we don't resolve will grate within us nonstop. Fortunately, we can resolve all our internal conflicts with one simple strategy: Act the way it feels right, no matter how inconvenient the consequences are.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|It's crazy to me that in this world of electronic medical records Walmart has so much information about how we shop, but no one has that information about our health. Why can't my doctor say, 'Wow, Anne, based on your lifestyle and behavior, you're five years from being diabetic.' But I can go to Target, and they know exactly what I'm going to buy.
Sheryl Sandberg|Most women don't like good men. They say they want a good buy, but most women always wind up with the bad boy.
Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi|A worshipper perceives that he is near to God because he is awake all night worshipping God. But after worship, your prayers are for health, long life, wealth, and for the damsels and slaves of the Paradise. Ponder! Did you ever pray to God, ‘O’ God, I desire from Thee nothing but Thee’?
James     Baldwin|Some moments in a life, and they needn't be very long or seem very important, can make up for so much in that life; can redeem, justify, that pain, that bewilderment, with which one lives, and invest one with the courage not only to endure it, but to profit from it; some moments teach one the price of human connection: if one can live with one's own pain, then one respects the pain of others, and so, briefly, but transcendentally, we can release each other from pain.
Sebastian Barry|If you're not parenting on purpose, don't be surprised when you get chaos from the children.
Sunday Adelaja|The truly wealthy don't often pursue status. They don't need to. They have already made it. The pursuit of Rolex watches and $100,000 vehicles is for wannabes like you and me. Why pursue status when you've already achieved it?
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|There's healing in your hand, in your voice, in your heart, in your eyes! YOU ARE A HEALER!
Kate McGahan|You can't play "How will you do it... if you are on my place..." - Now you feel comfortable from that side... you feel that it's right from your side... so you put that as a peace in the recipe and some extra ingredients you add and look you just created the best lie as being in my state.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|Tell me what you listen to, and I'll tell you who you are.
Larissa Qat|What is the price of freedom! I'm not talking about the physical restraining kind, but the spiritual, mental, emotional kind! If we glance at a tiny bird, it represents the ultimate freedom, the ability to fly, to rise above all, to look down on earth while getting tickled by clouds of cotton candy. But the price of this bird's freedom is living off scrapes of food & sippes of water!I guess the price of freedom is all about living in content. If u need to spread ur wings wide and fly off into the horizon, you need to learn that what you already have can certainly set you FREE!
Jane Fonda|There's a freshness to the approach of teen chefs. They're lighthearted, and they're not afraid to take risks.
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|At a time like this with damage and disorder everywhere, no tale is too absurd to be believed and even decent people seek something on which to vent their anger.
Sunday Adelaja|Even if you know where you are going and what problems you have to solve, you may only know the nearest tasks and you may not understand completely all of your tasks
Irvin D. Yalom, The Schopenhauer Cure|The freedom of an unscheduled afternoon brought confusion rather than joy. Julius had always been focused. When he was not seeing patients, other important projects and activities-writing, teaching, tennis, research-clamored for his attention. But today nothing seemed important. He suspected that nothing had ever been important, that his mind had arbitrarily imbued projects with importance and then cunningly covered its traces. Today he saw through the ruse of a lifetime. Today there was nothing important to do, and he ambled aimlessly down Union Street.
Sunday Adelaja|4. If you don’t know the Word of God concerning your problem, then worship Him.
الحبيب عمر بن حفيظ - Habib Umar bin Hafiz|If Layla and Majnoon had seen Rasoolallah and Sayyiduna Abu Bakr, they would have bowed their heads and admitted they knew nothing about love and sacrifice.
Gustavo Dudamel|Special operations are small, highly specialized. They do amazing work when they're put into the fight, but it's a limited resource. And so if we become overly dependent on an organization that's designed for a very specific mission and expect them to solve all problems around the world, you're naturally going to overextend it.
Asa Don Brown, Interpersonal Skills in the Workplace, Finding Solutions that Work|Don’t talk to people you don’t want to talk to, and don’t talk about stuff you don’t want to talk about.
Debasish Mridha|Education shouldn’t be the prison of known knowledge, but it should be the bridge to find the yet unknown universe of knowledge.
Pamela Moore Scott, As The Rain Falls|When we kissed, the skies had never appeared more heavenly, nor the seas a more brilliant shade of sapphire blue.
Françoise Sagan, Dans un mois, dans un an|He was stabbed by memory, that tyrant which impinges upon our dreams and leaps at out throat as soon as we awaken.
Lukas Haas|I'm so fascinated by the concept of teen pregnancy for some reason. Not that I condone it or promote it, but it's just a very real thing in our country and culture.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|The physical body itself is continually vibrating and resonating with other energies in the environment. While Western medicine has developed few interventions that are based in the recognition that energy is at the foundation of, or at least intimately intertwined with, physical matter, scientists from many other disciplines are working within this perspective. They are, for example, recognizing the potential explanatory power of fields that are 'totally unlike any of those presently known' in the ways they hold and transmit information, display quantum properties such as nonlocal influence, and interact with consciousness.
Robert Musil, The Man Without Qualities: Vol. 1|Chances are if you find yourself caught up in a political foofaraw at work, or in some family squabble at home, it's because someone else is succeeding in convincing you that his problem is your problem. The non-self-destructor recognizes this and as soon as possible, gives the sleepless night back to the person to whom it belongs.
Peggy Toney Horton|Whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul, I shall recall the memory of warm, sunny, late summer afternoons like this one, and be comforted greatly.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives. The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time.
Beatrix Campbell, Stolen Voices: The People And Politics Behind The Campaign To Discredit Childhood Testimony|We are all hostages of time. We each have the same number of minutes and hours to live within a day, yet to me it didn't feel equally doled out. My illness brought me such an abundance of time that time was nearly all I had. My friends had so little time that I often wished I could give them what time I could not use. It was perplexing how in losing health I had gained something so coveted but to so little purpose.
Bianca Jagger|Of all the many leaders I have met in the course of my life, none made a deeper impression on me than Nelson Mandela. His courage, compassion, humility and wisdom were without parallel on the world stage, and he himself was an enduring source of inspiration.
Richard Dawkins|The very large brain that humans have, plus the things that go along with it - language, art, science - seemed to have evolved only once. The eye, by contrast, independently evolved 40 times. So, if you were to 'replay' evolution, the eye would almost certainly appear again, whereas the big brain probably wouldn't.
Gillian Elizabeth|When we encounter sorrow and betrayal stay present and learn. There is a lesson waiting to unfold, allow yourself to soften into the experience.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|(Taft's mother's) losing her firstborn had convinced her that children are treasures lent not given and that they may be recalled at any time. Parents, she firmly believed, could never love their children too much.
Jeff Dunham|I started writing when I was 9 years old. I was like this weird kid who would just stay in my room, typing little funny magazines and drawing comic strips.
Richard Armour|It is possible that librarians will be robots, controlled by Master Minds having mastery of a master computer at the Library of Congress.Or there will be no libraries and librarians, flesh-and-blood or otherwise. The onetime library patron will press a button and turn a dial on his TV, whereupon the requested book, in the desired language, will appear on the screen, the pages turning at the designated speed.
Emmanuel Aghado, 101 Short Love Poems|Christmas is a time of sharing, and joy and grace. There's no better time to entertain family and friends than now.
James Joyce|The artist, like the God of creation, remains within or behind or beyond or above his handiwork, invisible, refined out of existence, indifferent, paring his fingernails
Colleen Hoover, November 9|I kiss her long and deep and hard until I feel like I’m running on the fringes of my emotions; they’re tearing away at me like hands in Hell reaching out for me as I leap over the flames, trying to pull me down with them into sin, and as hard as I try to get away, a part of me wants them to take me. I want to sin. I want to kiss her.And so I do.And I don’t stop.
Cherríe L. Moraga|Then too, motherhood is broken because in this place, to be a good mother is to give yourself completely. It is to erase yourself. This is what I refused to do.
J. Matthew Nespoli|He was in a fairy kingdom where everything was possible.He looked up at the sky. And the sky was a fairy realm like the earth. It was clearing, and over the tops of the trees clouds were swiftly sailing as if unveiling the stars.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|We who make stories know that we tell lies for a living. But they are good lies that say true things, and we owe it to our readers to build them as best we can. Because somewhere out there is someone who needs that story. Someone who will grow up with a different landscape, who without that story will be a different person. And who with that story may have hope, or wisdom, or kindness, or comfort. And that is why we write.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Mingle•	Be the connector—introduce people to each other who may not otherwise connect.•	Be a conversation fire starter; point out what people have in common as you are introducing them.•	Seek out the folks who may appear to be shy, or awkward, or wallflowers. Find ways to build trust and comfort. Engage them with a kind word to pull them out of their shell.•	Arrive early and stay late; connect with people before and after your event.•	Stretch beyond your comfort zone to speak with, sit with, and start conversations with people whom you do not know.•	Offer to refill someone’s drink or clear their plate.•	Encourage introductions: “There is someone whom I would love for you to meet . . .
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|Lorenzo: In such a night stood Dido with a willow in her hand upon the wild sea-banks, and waft her love to come again to Carthage Jessica: In such a night Medea gathered the enchanted herbs that did renew old Aeson.  Lorenzo: In such a night did Jessica steal from the wealthy Jew, and with an unthrift love did run from Venice, as far as Belmont. Jessica: In such a night did young Lorenzo swear he lov'd her well, stealing her soul with many vows of faith, and ne'er a true one.  Lorenzo: In such a night did pretty Jessica (like a little shrow) slander her love, and he forgave it her. Jessica: I would out-night you, did nobody come; but hark, I hear the footing of a man.
Scott Klusendorf, The Case for Life: Equipping Christians to Engage the Culture|How can a man be still if he sees such a great wrong being instigated?''It's difficult, but it's necessary,' Professor While insisted. 'Science must go on unhindered, and if we bring politics into our work we will cease to be scientists.''Will we cease being human?' MacGregor demanded with the rudeness of justifying himself. 'Should we hand over our affairs to men we despise?''I suppose that is unanswerable.' Professor White was an deep into it now as MacGregor. 'But when we dabble in politics we suffer what you are suffering now, and it isn't worth it. Is it?''I don't know,' MacGregor said morosely.'Then why destroy yourself?' 'I don't believe a man has much choice any more,' MacGregor said. 'There seems to be some kind of a battle going on for any existence, science and all.''You may be right,' the Professor said. 'We are certainly facing a situation of terrible choice. Only yesterday the physicist chaps back from America brought in a petition to sign against control and secrecy of information and research in nuclear physics. Once they start on this secrecy business there is no telling where it will end. It was bad enough when we were working at Tennessee. We cannot have those ignorant politicians telling us what we must do.''They are already telling us what we must do,' MacGregor argued. 'The military control so much research that the phyusicist are becoming straight-out weapon makers and nothing else.''It's not the physicists' fault...''Then why don't they stop working for the military. Now they are talking about radio-active dust clouds and the biologists are producing concentrates of bacteria for wholesale disease-making. What's the matter with them? Have the Generals got them so scared that they meekly do as they are told?''Weapons are a part of life,' the Professor commented sadly, 'and since the politicians refuse to be peaceful, at least they ask for weapons and give us a chance we would not otherwise have of making enormous strides in costly research.''Perhaps. But don't we care how the products of our research are used?''You are looking for logic where there isn't any,' the Professor said. 'It isn't science which shapes the world, young man.''No sir, but we are part of it.''Really a very small part of it. The ultimate decision on human affairs lies outside science. We may be part of it, but if you are looking for the deciding factor in the shape of existence then I don't know where you'll find it.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|The stems stood tall and straight, one series arranged in a single line, the other in a crudely shaped heart, the final one in the shape of the letter U. I love you.
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Sword|Wherever it is you may be, it is your friends who make your world.
The Muppet Movie (1979)|Only criminals and madmen walk into Central Park after midnight...or, occasionally, an actor. (Dark City Lights)
Marlene Steinberg, Structured Clinical Interview for Dsm-Iv(r) Dissociative Disorders|...when different identity states convey contradictory information and then have amnesia for what the other identity states said, the patient may be thought to be lying. This can appear to be characterological mendacity when it is not.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Love is the only bow on Life’s dark cloud. It is the morning and the evening star. It shines upon the babe, and sheds its radiance on the quiet tomb. It is the mother of art, inspirer of poet, patriot and philosopher.It is the air and light of every heart – builder of every home, kindler of every fire on every hearth. It was the first to dream of immortality. It fills the world with melody – for music is the voice of love.Love is the magician, the enchanter, that changes worthless things to Joy, and makes royal kings and queens of common clay. It is the perfume of that wondrous flower, the heart, and without that sacred passion, that divine swoon, we are less than beasts; but with it, earth is heaven, and we are gods.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Her maternal instinct told her Natasha had too much of something, and because of this she would not be happy
Justin David Nevins|A mistake does not make a shadow. The people who you hurt through the mistake and what they decide to say about it is what leaves a shadow. The only way to erase that shadow is to shed light on it. If that is not possible, moving on to somewhere brighter is always an option.
Michael P. Spradlin|Laisha had got a glimpse of the vast ocean that lay before her. She could either eatch it recede from her sight or plunge into it. It was not possible to take the risk of plunging headlong into the ocean. No one viewed the ocean to be drowned into it. Everyone caught only a glimpse of it, exulted in having got this farand returned home with renewed zest. The knowledge that the ocean existed was overwhelming enough. One could wallow in the idea that there was indeed a further possibility, but one merely desisted. it was not right to acknowledge that one was also frightened of it.
Robert Brault|We each appear only one time in history. Whatever occurs in our life will never occur again. Our life is significant and worthy of living if we are brave, love fearlessly, and remain optimistic regardless of our earthly hardships.
Youngme Moon, Different: Escaping the Competitive Herd|I often must sacrifice my own needs and desires for the purpose of giving my children what they need and modeling for them the depths of Christ's love."...make myself available in the routine tasks and myriad interruptions of daily life b/c I believe it is God's will for me to serve my family through them.
Margaret George, Mary, Called Magdalene|...Jesus saw the eternal in the everyday. Your last day on earth should be spent as you spent all your others-- doing your daily tasks with love and honesty... An ordinary day is, perhaps, the most holy of all.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Flow (book 2)|She wondered what it would be like to fly, to feel the air, cold and bracing on your face, to be able to spread wings whenever you felt cornered, to have the power to distance yourself at will, weightless, and safely out of reach.
Slavoj Žižek|Experts are by definition the servants of those in power: they don't really THINK, they just apply their knowledge to problems defined by the powerful.
Emma Cameron, Cinnamon Rain|I'm all alone,fuming at myself,waving a great flagof failure.
Rube Goldberg|I don't really go on diets because when I go on a diet, my brain stops working. I mean, really, that's all I think about: what I can eat, what I can't eat. I sort of decided that's not what I want to do with my time on this planet. It's not it.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Getting there isn't half the fun, it's all the fun.
Rhonda Louise Robbins|When you are clearly-defined, deliberate with intention and operating at your highest level, your brilliance cannot be hidden, diminished or overshadowed.
Francesca Lia Block, Love in the Time of Global Warming|They were laughing and their hair was shining like leaves in moonlight, their limbs long as saplings. I thought, Girls are magical at this phase, girls are invincible, nothing can touch them. I didn’t think ‘us’ because I didn’t feel that; I felt other, on the outside, watching them.
Brenna Yovanoff, Paper Valentine|I do what I want, when I feel like it ; now I'm not the same...
Charles Eames|Art is about building a new foundation, not just laying something on top of what's already there.
Micheal Joseph Murano|My father used to say that when hunting a shark, we should either kill it or let it go. To cage a shark is sheer cruelty, and I cannot live like a shark in a cage any longer.
Terry Pratchett|You don't pity a warrior for her scars, because scars are proof of survival and victory.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Spontaneously, without any theological training, I, a child, grasped the incompatibility of God and shit and thus came to question the basic thesis of Christian anthropology, namely that man was created in God's image. Either/or: either man was created in God's image - and has intestines! - or God lacks intestines and man is not like him.The ancient Gnostics felt as I did at the age of five. In the second century, the Great Gnostic master Valentinus resolved the damnable dilemma by claiming that Jesus "ate and drank, but did not defecate."Shit is a more onerous theological problem than is evil. Since God gave man freedom, we can, if need be, accept the idea that He is not responsible for man's crimes. The responsibility for shit, however, rests entirely with Him, the creator of man.
shivangi lavaniya|Dear smokers, when you burn one stick you not only burnrelationships but also burn your one and only life.
Oie Osterkamp|The world is a much more beautiful and incredible place than you think, and each of us has a great deal of power to make it more so.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide|Sometimes I hear the world discussed as the realm of men. This is not my experience. I have watched men fall to the ground like leaves. They were swept up as memories, and burned. History owns them. These men were petrified in both senses of the word: paralyzed and turned to stone. Their refusal to express feeling killed them. Anachronistic men. Those poor, poor boys.
Katharine Graham|Youth does not require reasons for living, it only needs pretexts.
Debasish Mridha|Be compassionate, be kind and, above all, be loving.
Jason Sudeikis|My father was always telling himself no one was perfect, not even my mother.
Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives|I didn't hit her, man, what happened was that Maria was obsessed with the Marquis de Sade and wanted to try the spanking thing," said Luscious Skin. "That's very Maria," said Pancho. "She takes her reading seriously.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|She never had much in this life, but with the simplest things, she made her corner of the world as beautiful as any king's palace. We may lack riches, but the greatest fortune is what lies in our hearts.
Mary Jo  Putney|Those who are attached only to the result of their effort will not have any chance to appreciate it, because the result will never come.
Noam Chomsky|As President Trump quickly moved to limit immigration, civil rights, and environmental protections, I felt fear for my young children, and guilt, too - as if I'd somehow betrayed the unspoken contract all parents make to give our children a better life than ourselves.
Kate Moses, Cakewalk: A Memoir|[The book, Anna Karenina, is] a mirror held up to the real, grimy, quotidian interactions of married life, of which romance is little more than a passing mood: marriage, that slippery social contract that, if it works at all, depends more on indulgent disconnection than on some kind of sacred accord.
Sherwood Smith, Crown Duel|Memory warps time, as it does the sights and sounds and smells of reality; for what shapes it is emotion, which can twist what seems clear, just as the surface of a pond seems to bend the stick thrust into the water.
|The Japanese had no idea what elements of Western culture and institutions where the crucial ones, so they ended up copying everything, from western clothes and hair styles to the European practice of colonizing foreign people. Unfortunately, they took up empire-building at precisely the moment when the cost of imperialism began to exceed the benefits.
Jussi Adler-Olsen, Disgrace|Carl Mørck, am I disturbing you? said a voice at the door, which made his blood boil and turn to ice at the same time. His spinal cord sent five commands through his infrastructure: get rid of the eraser, cover the last line, put away the cigarette, drop the stupid facial expression, close your mouth!
Janet Fitch|Choices are abundant, it is the right decision which is the rare one!
Mehmet Murat ildan|As a legacy, most world leaders leave huge amounts of money to their children and only few leave an honourable surname!
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|Many of us are destined to be alone, while most of us sentence ourselves to it.
Buddy Holly|In America, life is introverted, self-absorbed - and so is their music.
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|I drank from the crisp mountain stream, tasting filtered sky with a mossy undertone. I’ve never understood how being loved fully could change your entire perspective of the world. I only ever understood the wistfulness of it, and the longing and the frothy, violent bits. The mixed up, rained on parts. The escaped bits that smudge and bleed through. Slowly, I am coming to terms with how vulnerable I am to you, flat on my back like a submissive wolf pup. Daisy petals line your eyelashes, juice of a nectarine flavors your tongue. The side of your mouth twitches, hazy dreamscapes overtaking your mind while we bathe in the glorious autumn devastation.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Red Mars|It was a world of acts, and words had no more influence on acts than the sound of a waterfall has on the flow of the stream.
William J. Clinton|If you're not willing to work hard, let someone else do it. I'd rather be with someone who does a horrible job, but gives 110% than with someone who does a good job and gives 60%.
Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found|People come and go in our lifetime, but we hold onto the ones worth keeping, the ones who have touched our lives in such a way that changes everything we thought we knew or felt; life itself changes.” -Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found (Vol. #1)
John Maynard Keynes|I have tried to be a man of letters in love with ideas in order to be a wiser and more loving person, hoping to leave the world just a little better than I found it.
Robert Wright, The Moral Animal: Why We Are the Way We Are: The New Science of Evolutionary Psychology|The aim of far too many teachings these days is to make people "feel good," and even some Buddhist masters are beginning to sound like New Age apostles. Their talks are entirely devoted to validating the manifestation of ego and endorsing the "rightness" of our feelings, neither of which have anything to do with the teachings we find in the pith instructions. So, if you are only concerned about feeling good, you are far better off having a full body massage or listening to some uplifting or life-affirming music than receiving dharma teachings, which were definitely not designed to cheer you up. On the contrary, the dharma was devised specifically to expose your failings and make you feel awful.
Jessica Werner, Sra'kalor|The Hermit is an important tarot card with much to tell us, but he tends not to be so welcome around the bonfire.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|I've never been thrown out of a pub, but I've fallen into quite a few
Mona Simpson, My Hollywood|Too many times I'd left him reaching for me, from a babysitter's arms. "Am I still a mother?" I asked myself... What parts of the day could I cut out and still give him enough? Paul never asked himself that. He thought he was a great dad.
Fawzi Ibrahim|But he didn't have to listen to his father. Taking after your father was optional, wasn't it?
John Rucyahana, The Bishop of Rwanda: Finding Forgiveness Amidst a Pile of Bones|I knew that to really minister to Rwanda's needs meant working toward reconciliation in the prisons, in the churches, and in the cities and villages throughout the country. It meant feeding the hungry, sheltering the homeless, caring for the young, but it also meant healing the wounded and forgiving the unforgivable.I knew I had to be committed to preaching a transforming message to the people of Rwanda. Jesus did not die for people to be religious. He died so that we might believe in Him and be transformed. I'm engaged in a purpose and strategy that Jesus came to Earth for. My life is set for that divine purpose in Jesus Christ. I was called to that--proclaiming the message of transformation through Jesus Christ.
Jaron Lanier|Communication between band-mates is imperative. Communication is the key to any healthy relationship. If I need to be checked, I expect to hear it put in plain words what my faults are, and give my band-mates the ultimate consideration by shutting up and listening, then acting on the advice given. Same goes for anyone else in any band.
Henri Frederic Amiel|The drawing teacher has this problem of communicating how to draw by osmosis and not by instruction, while the physics teacher has the problem of always teaching techniques, rather than the spirit, of how to go about solving physical problems.
F.C. Yee, The Epic Crush of Genie Lo|People can always say I don't look impressive enough, but they can't argue over how strong I am once I punch them in the face.
Manuel J. Smith, When I Say No, I Feel Guilty: How to Cope - Using the Skills of Systematic Assertive Therapy|A BILL OF ASSERTIVE RIGHTSI: You have the right to judge your own behavior, thoughts, and emotions, and to take the responsibility for their initiation and consequences upon yourself.II: You have the right to offer no reasons or excuses for justifying your behavior.III: You have the right to judge if you are responsible for finding solutions to other people’s problems.IV: You have the right to change your mind.V: You have the right to make mistakes—and be responsible for them.VI: You have the right to say, “I don’t know.”VII: You have the right to be independent of the goodwill of others before coping with them.VIII: You have the right to be illogical in making decisions. IX: You have the right to say, “I don’t understand.”X: You have the right to say, “I don’t care.”YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO SAY NO, WITHOUT FEELING GUILTY
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|Are you an artist?""I'm a mess is what I am," he says, holding on to the building for support. "A bloody mess. You 're the artist, mate." Then he's gone.
Stephen L. Burns, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, 2012 December|In the world everyone knows enough to pursue what he does not know, but no one knows enough to pursue what he already knows. Everyone knows enough to condemn what he takes to be no good, but no one knows enough to condemn what he has already taken to be good.
Aleister Crowley, Eight Lectures on Yoga|Health is a state of complete harmony of the body, mind and spirit. When one is free from physical disabilities and mental distractions, the gates of the soul open.
George Pataki|We also have a program in place for low income people. A family of four making $26,000 a year can receive medical coverage, irrespective of citizenship or what documents.
Michael Moore|Generation after generation, there is this never-ending, contemptuous, condescending attitude to the next generation or the next way of thinking: music, art, politics, whatever. And I have never been like that.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|Thoreau: ‘The West of which I speak is but another name for the Wild; and what I have been preparing to say is, that in Wildness is the preservation of the world.’ That is why walking leads to a total loss of interest in what is called – laughably no doubt – the ‘news’, one of whose main features is that it becomes old as soon as it is uttered. Once caught in the rhythm, Thoreau says, you are on the treadmill: you want to know what comes next. The real challenge, though, is not to know what has changed, but to get closer to what remains eternally new. So you should replace reading the morning papers with a walk. News items replace one another, become mixed up together, are repeated and forgotten. But the truth is that as soon as you start walking, all that noise, all those rumours, fade out. What’s new? Nothing: the calm eternity of things, endlessly renewed.
Diana Gabaldon, Voyager|And Clifford the same. All that talk! All that writing! All that wild struggling to push himself forwards! It was just insanity. And it was getting worse, really maniacal.Connie felt washed-out with fear. But at least, Clifford was shifting his grip from her on to Mrs Bolton. He did not know it. Like many insane people, his insanity might be measured by the things he was not aware of, the great desert tracts in his consciousness.
Lafcadio Hearn|Over the past years, I have lectured many times on the Cuban missile crisis, most provocatively to 200 senior officers of the former Soviet army in Moscow in 1991, among them KGB generals. There, my knowledge of Penkovsky's role was thoroughly confirmed, and so was the Soviet military men's residual sense of humiliation at Khrushchev's 'blink'.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|It was the first time she'd discovered something she really didn't want to find, and she didn't know what to do once she'd found it.
Eugene B. Sledge, With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa|To the non-combatants and those on the periphery of action, the war meant only boredom or occasional excitement, but to those who entered the meat grinder itself the war was a netherworld of horror from which escape seemed less and less likely as casualties mounted and the fighting dragged on and on. Time had no meaning, life had no meaning. The fierce struggle for survival in the abyss of Peleliu had eroded the veneer of civilization and made savages of us all.
Carmela Dutra|When you find that one book, that one that makes you tingle. It's almost like you found a little piece of magic.
Michael J. Fox|One minute was enough, Tyler said, "A person had to work hard for it, but a minute of perfection was worth the effort. A moment was the most you could ever expect from perfection.
Kellie Elmore, Jagged Little Pieces|She had hope in her heart but after a while, with each step forward, hope stepped back. And for the first time in months, the first time ever, she began to weep, and as she did she knew that with the retreat of hope her heart had finally caught up with her head. And as each tear spilled over she let them go, she was letting go.
RVM|People are like pistachios. Some of them open up easily, but there are others who need to be really broken to get into.
Carrie Ryan, The Dark and Hollow Places|Here is the secret to surviving one of these [airplane] crashes: Be male. In a 1970 Civil Aeromedical institute study of three crashes involving emergency evacuations, the most prominent factor influencing survival was gender (followed closely by proximity to exit). Adult males were by far the most likely to get out alive. Why? Presumably because they pushed everyone else out of the way.
Carolyn J. Rasmus, Simplify: A Guide To Caring For The Soul|we sulked and, in the finest tradition of bored soldiers, sat around throwing stones at each other.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Simon turned to Jordan, who was lying down across the futon, his head propped against one of the woven throw pillows. "How much of that did you hear?""Enough to gather that we're going to a party tonight," said Jordan. "I heard about the Ironworks event. I'm not in the Garroway pack, so I wasn't invited.""I guess you're coming as my date now." Simon shoved the phone back into his pocket. "I'm secure enough in my masculinity to accept that," said Jordan. "We'd better get you something nice to wear, though," he called as Simon headed back into his room. "I want you to look pretty.
Carolyn Brown|He returned in a moment with a phone, a high-end model that probably cost way more than hers. His cell phone wallpaper was an abstract artwork with lots of colorful circles and blots—Kandinsky, maybe, or Miro? She always got thosetwo confused. She gave him points for not having a picture of some scantily-clad woman thrusting her boobs at the camera, like Steve had on his phone. Tacky. Nude-woman wallpapers were the cell phone equivalent of silver naked-lady mud flaps, in her opinion.
Jean Little, Brothers Far from Home: The World War I Diary of Eliza Bates|Wasn't that the way of the world, though? Only the strong survived, and the weak perished.
Rachel Gibson|She wasn’t his kind of woman, and she didn’t want to fall in love with a man who would break her heart like a Dorito.
John William Tuohy, No Time to Say Goodbye: A Memoir of a Life in Foster Care|The shadows along the streets were personal, and, every passing day, they seemed to grow longer and hungrier
Slavoj Žižek|You are a real hermaphrodite, Mafouka,’ I said. 'That is what our age is supposed to have produced because the tension between the masculine and the feminine has broken down, people are mostly half of one and half of the other. But I have never seen it before—actually, physically. It must make you very unhappy.
Neal Shusterman, Unwind|The small wad of burning paper drew down to a wisp of flame and then died out leaving a faint pattern for just a moment in the incandescence like the shape of a flower, a molten rose. Then all was dark again.
Ndiritu Wahome, The Sad Artist and Other Fairytales|It does not matter where one comes from, one can achieve even the greatest of things in life.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Life is beautiful and this earth is heaven, but your mind is capable enough to create hell for you, on this very earth, if you go on living your life, without understanding.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Love is not primarily a relationship to a specific person; it is an attitude, an orientation of character which determines the relatedness of a person to the world as a whole, not toward one "object" of love. If a person loves only one other person and is indifferent to the rest of his fellow men, his love is not love but a symbiotic attachment, or an enlarged egotism.
Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects|Miroku: Kagome, are you worrying about me?Kagome: I guess so.Miroku: In that case, I have a favor to ask of you: please bear my child.
Kate Atkinson, Started Early, Took My Dog|(…)man holds the remedy in his own hands, and lets everything go its own way, simply through cowardice- that is an axiom.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices|Things in life have no real beginning, though our stories about them always do.
Andy Warhol|After being alive, the next hardest work is having sex.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|It's only in drugs or death we'll see anything new, and death is just too controlling.
Patti Davis|Here's my theory: If a person gets worldwide fame at a young age, they're emotionally frozen at that moment. For me, that's 15 to 18, so you find yourself in your mid-20s being a glorified 15-year-old. What could possibly go wrong?
James Behrens|It was Christmas Day and Danny the Car Wiper hit the street junksick and broke after seventy-two hours in the precinct jail. It was a clear bright day, but there was warmth in the sun. Danny shivered with an inner cold. He turned up the collar of his worn, greasy black overcoat.  This beat benny wouldn't pawn for a deuce, he thought.
Laura Lee Guhrke, No Mistress Of Mine|We’re your friends. Our job is to tease you mercilessly about your foibles, rag you about your upright, honorable nature, and point out to you when you’re being a complete dolt.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|Time moved for you not in quotidian beats, but in the slow rhythm the ages keep –
Dean Koontz, Ashley Bell|People hide truths about themselves from themselves. Such self-deception is a coping mechanism, and to one extent or another, most people begin deceiving themselves when they're children.
Max Winkler|But if we get to the point where more people do not believe in a God than who do believe in God, we will have a hollow legal system - we will have something without heart.
Miuccia Prada|As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker.
Bret Harte|that great condenser of moral chaos, The City.
Denis Johnson, Train Dreams|There was a time—until very recently in the scheme of things—when there were no wild animals, because every animal was wild; and humans were few. Animals, and animal presence over us and around us. Over every horizon, animals. Their skins clothing our skins, their fats in our lamps, their bladders to carry water, meat when we could get it.
Morgan Rhodes, Rebel Spring|There was no hope in death, only an end.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|She didn't know any better. Nobody had ever told her that she couldn't. Because of this, she moved through the city like some faerie creature. She walked roads no one else could see, and it made her music wild and strange and free.
Avijeet Das|We must believe in love, always!
Stephanie Hudson, The Triple Goddess|What was it about the Draven brothers that had you doing anything they wished of you. It wasn't just their voice,it was everything, every tiny little supernatural molecule they possessed had you jumping to whatever beat they set. It was their sheer strength. Their inbuilt authority and their never ending power to use at will. And I was hooked like a junkie.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|You never know what will last."He said that earlier, about accidents, about never knowing which one is just a kink in the road and which one is a fork, about never knowing your life is changing until it's already happened."I think sometimes you do know," I say, my voice filling with emotion.
Ashṭāvakra|Bondage is when the mind longs for something, grieves about something, rejects something, holds on to something, is pleased about something or displeased about something.
J. Richard Lessor|I am a happy camper so I guess I’m doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.
Mlungisi Simelane|Feed your faith with the word of God..starve your doubts by remaining positive in a negative environment...when we operate in faith we are over-comers. Faith is God's method of changing the world,to overcome all obstacles
Adeagbo Caleb Adewumi|It’s perhaps more laudable to simply keep heading out into the world, than always tilting to leave one’s mark on it.
Christian Bale|We were alone. Where, I could not say, hardly imagine. All was black, and such a dense black that, after some minutes, my eyes had not been able to discern even the faintest glimmer.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|If you are where I was before my process began, you can't imagine the place of victory, the place you can be free from the dominating desire for sexual stimuli. I am here to tell you that there is a place of freedom that you can know--a place where your desire for purity will subdue the lust of the flesh.
Anton Chekhov|Once a man gets a fixed idea, there's nothing to be done.
Lucy H. Pearce, The Rainbow Way: Cultivating Creativity in the Midst of Motherhood|When we have the courage to claim space for ourselves. When we risk creativity. When we relish our sensuality. When we honor our lives and their experiences as valuable. When we create from a female body, expressing ourselves in a woman’s voice, using a woman’s language. We begin to bloom.
Gudjon Bergmann, Living in the Spirit of Yoga: Take Yoga Off the Mat and Into Your Everyday Life|The only thing that seems to differ between the major schools of meditation is the point of concentration. Some traditions use mantras, others follow the breath, some have their eyes open, others have their eyes closed, some use simple words, others use prayers and the list can go on. Despite extravagant claims to the contrary, modern research has found no significant difference between the points of concentration at the beginning stages of meditation, which means it doesn’t really matter which mantra, word or phrase you choose to begin with. The main thing is to practice whatever meditation method that you have chosen; sit still and let the mind settle.
Christopher Hitchens|If you say you're a unifier, you expect and usually get applause. I'm a divider. Politics is division by definition, if there was no disagreement there would be no politics. The illusion of unity isn't worth having, and is anyways unattainable.
Chief Black Elk|Everything an Indian does is in a circle, and that is because the power of the World always works in circles, and everything tries to be round . . . The sky is round and I have heard the earth is round like a ball, and so are all the stars. The wind in its greatest power whirls, birds make their nest in circles, for theirs is the same religion as ours. The sun comes forth and goes down again in a circle. The moon does the same and both are round. Even the seasons form a great circle in their changing, and always come back again to where they were. Our teepees were round like the nests of birds. And they were always set in a circle, the nation’s hoop.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Let's do everything that we can, and let the good Lord do everything else that we can't.
Tahir Shah, Beyond The Devil's Teeth|What am I doing here, Reena? Why am I dancing to the tunes of that old hag?’‘You are saving your family.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Hound of the Baskervilles|...Recognising, as I do, that you are the second highest expert in Europe--""Indeed, sir! May I inquire who has the honour to be the first?" Asked Holmes, with some asperity."To the man of precised, scientific mind the work of Monsieur Bertillon must always appeal strongly.""Then had you not better consult him?""I said, sir, to the precisely scientific mind. But as a practical man of affairs it is acknowledged that you stand alone. I trust, sir, that I have not inadvertently--""Just a little," said Holmes.
Christian Ekström|But, ladies and gentlemen, we will also be asked to make sacrifices in matters that are not our affair and that do not concern us, sacrifices that would leave our people bleeding or wounded, or even dead, from battle. There is no equality for us in this lifetime.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|The lengths to which you’re prepared to go to please a housekeeper make me wonder about the servant situation in Scotland. Good help must be thin on the ground.” Vale widened his eyes and took a drink.“She’s more to me than a housekeeper,” Alistair growled.“Wonderful!” Vale slapped him on the back. “And about time, too. I was beginning to worry that all your important bits might’ve atrophied and fallen off from disuse.”He felt unaccustomed heat climb his throat. “Vale…
Tony Dovale|To create extraordinary results, you must first have or ReThink an extraordinary Mindset to start.
Michael K. Simpson|I've always backed energy independence policies, but I've heard from people on this issue like no other. The energy interests of Illinois are far broader and deeper than my North Shore district.
Augustine of Hippo, The Enchiridion on Faith Hope and Love|Among us, on the other hand, 'the righteous man lives by faith.' Now, if you take away positive affirmation, you take away faith, for without positive affirmation nothing is believed. And there are truths about things unseen, and unless they are believed, we cannot attain to the happy life, which is nothing less than life eternal. It is a question whether we ought to argue with those who profess themselves ignorant not only about the eternity yet to come but also about their present existence, for they [the Academics] even argue that they do not know what they cannot help knowing. For no one can 'not know' that he himself is alive. If he is not alive, he cannot 'not know' about it or anything else at all, because either to know or to 'not know' implies a living subject. But, in such a case, by not positively affirming that they are alive, the skeptics ward off the appearance of error in themselves, yet they do not make errors simply by showing themselves alive; one cannot err who is not alive. That we live is therefore not only true, but it is altogether certain as well. And there are many things that are thus true and certain concerning which, if we withhold positive assent, this ought not to be regarded as a higher wisdom but actually a sort of dementia.
Florence Welch|There was a docudrama that was made, called 'The Death Of A Princess,' which was about a true story in Saudi Arabia. It was about a public execution for adultery. And when the movie was aired on British television, the Saudi government threatened to cut off oil exports and to cut off diplomatic relations.
Angie karan|Grace and beauty originates from within. It is the spirit's light that glows out and make every-thing beautiful, no mater what those things are, they all have their beauty gracefully when they come from a place within.﻿
J.P. Donleavy, The Lady Who Liked Clean Restrooms: The Chronicle Of One Of The Strangest Stories Ever To Be Rumoured About Around New York|Kazu, now that she thought of it, realized that for all her headstrong temperament, she had never loved a man younger than herself. A young man has such a surplus of spiritual and physical gifts that he is likely to be cocksure of himself, particularly when dealing with an older woman, and there is no telling how swelled up with self-importance he may become. Besides, Kazu felt a physical repugnance for youth. A woman is more keenly aware than a man of the shocking disharmony between a young man's spiritual and physical qualities, and Kazu had never met a young man who wore his youth well. She was moreover repelled by the sleekness of a young man's skin.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|Sonya, as a scientist, it's never just about the logistics of life. One must always be optimistic, or else you'll never discover or learn anything new. Though of course, you might also find that such a mentality should never be restricted to such an occupation as mine.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|There is no greater service than that rendered to one’s nation, no greater glory one can seek than that in the name of one’s people.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|Thank God for immigrants. They're the only ones who have any personality left. They still allow themselves emotions, judgments, and all those qualities that we are "evolving" past. I don't know what they're saying, but I can tell they're speaking honestly.
Allan Amanyire|In such an admirable position of the New World, man has no other enemy than himself.
Jenny Eclair|I came of age believing that, no matter what happened, I would always be able to support myself.
H. Rider Haggard|So they crucified their Messiah? Well can I believe it. That He was a Son of the Living Spirit would be naught to them, if indeed He was so.... They would care little for any God if he came not with pomp and power.
Amber Ward|Keep thinking back about what Mum said about being real and the Velveteen Rabbit book (though frankly have had enough trouble with rabbits in this particular house). My favorite book, she claims of which I have no memory was about how little kids get one toy that they love more than all the others, and even when its fur has been rubbed off, and it's gone saggy with bits missing, the little child still thinks it's the most beautiful toy in the world, and can't bear to be parted from it.That's how it works, when people really love each other, Mum whispered on the way out in the Debenhams lift, as if she was confessing some hideous and embarrassing secret. But, the thing is, darling, it doesn't happen to ones who have sharp edges, or break if they get dropped, or ones made of silly synthetic stuff that doesn't last. You have to be brave and let the other person know who you are and what you feel.
S. Kelley Harrell, Real Wyrd : A Modern Shaman's Roots in the Middle World|A Seer dreams of all kinds of endings, but never a happy one for herself.
Cherise Sinclair, The Dom's Dungeon|There's always someone who cares. Someone whose life would simply stop. You just don't know it yet, or you haven't found them yet.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|She had needed kindness before, and had received none. Now it was too late, and she did not know what to do with it.
