Emilyann Girdner|If you're stuck in a puddle, it means there's higher ground all around you, you just have to step onto it.
Michael Kelahan, The World's Greatest Love Letters|In a man's letters, you know, madam, his soul lies naked. His letters are only the mirror of his heart. Whatever passes within him is there shown undisguised in its natural progress; nothing is invented, nothing distorted; you see systems in their elements, you discover action in their motives. Samuel Johnson to Mrs. Thrale (1777)
Katie MacAlister, Even Vampires Get the Blues|Honest to god, Clare, you act like the dress is more important than you being shot!”Of course it is! It’s a Versace, you idiot! Bring help! I’m going to save this dress at all costs.” - Sam to Clare
Alice James, The Diary of Alice James|It's hard to not worry, because trying not to worry reminds me that I should be worried
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|It will be impossible to catch all the rats, my love,” he says. His hand brushes against mine. “Sooner or later, one will squeeze through the cracks. You need to be more careful.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As long as I live, I can only be grateful.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Weeping is not the same thing as crying. It takes your whole body to weep, and when it's over, you feel like you don't have any bones left to hold you up.
Albert Einstein|I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|...I stood there, inexpressibly grateful that my life, for all its terrors, is so filled with moments of grace.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Exceed, succeed, outdo, overdo, all with a smile.
Piper Caleb, Shattered Perfection: The Diary of an Eating Disordered Mind|Maybe we choose to stay in a constant state of ignorance as a protective instinct — maybe I was just in denial. I just don’t get how you can be completely in love with someone one day, and then all of a sudden you just aren’t. I will never forget that day...the day where I became numb.
Mahatma Gandhi|Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.
Carl von Clausewitz|War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|During your struggle society is not a bunch of flowers, it is a bunch of cactus.
Jackie Kennedy|Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them. Adolescence is not about letting go. It's about hanging on during a very bumpy ride.
Dada Bhagwan|People do not know what good deeds are. It is udaya karma,unfolding effects of past karma; that makes them do the deeds. The prakruti, the relative self, forces them to do them. What is your own thing [effort] in that? Doing good deeds; that too is mandatory (farajiyat)!
William Paul Young, The Shack|All I want from you is to trust me with what little you can, and grow in loving people around you with the same love I share with you. It's not your job to change them, or to convince them. You are free to love without an agenda.
Paul Johnson|There's only one requirement of any of us, and that is to be courageous. Because courage, as you might know, defines all other human behavior. And, I believe - because I've done a little of this myself - pretending to be courageous is just as good as the real thing.
Jessica Ennis|You have to experience life, make observations, and ask questions.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|Life is amazingly simplified,” she wrote in her journal, “now that the recalcitrant forsythia has at last decided to come and blurt out springtime in petalled fountains of yellow. In spite of reams of papers to be written, life has snitched a cocaine sniff of sun-worship and salt air, and all looks promising.” She already adored New York.
George MacDonald, The Marquis' Secret|I fear you will never arrive at an understanding of God so long as you cannot bring yourself to see the good that often comes as a result of pain. For there is nothing, from the lowest, weakest tone of suffering to the loftiest acme of pain, to which God does not respond. There is nothing in all the universe which does not in some way vibrate within the heart of God. No creature suffers alone; He suffers with His creatures and through it is in the process of bringing His sons and daughters through the cleansing and glorifying fires, without which the created cannot be made the very children of God, partakers of the divine nature and peace.
Parker J. Palmer, A Hidden Wholeness: The Journey Toward an Undivided Life|The soul is like a wild animal—tough, resilient, savvy, self-sufficient and yet exceedingly shy. If we want to see a wild animal, the last thing we should do is to go crashing through the woods, shouting for the creature to come out. But if we are willing to walk quietly into the woods and sit silently for an hour or two at the base of a tree, the creature we are waiting for may well emerge, and out of the corner of an eye we will catch a glimpse of the precious wildness we seek.
Michael  Grant, Silver Stars|We were girls, you see, not even women, just girls, most of us when we started. And the boys were just boys, not men, most of them. We’d only begun to live life, we knew little and understood less. We were unformed, incomplete. It’s funny how easy it is to see that now. If you’d called me a child three years ago when this started I’d have been furious. But looking back? We were children just getting ready to figure out what adulthood was all about.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Jack's marketing books had been a part of her life for so long that she had ceased to register their presence, simply moving them from the couch to the coffee table, from the bed to the nightstand. How to Sell Everything to Anybody. Eight Great Habits of CEOs. They all seemed to involve numbers, as if you could simply count yourself to riches, like following sheep to sleep.
Don Polson|Pray that you are in the right place, at the right time, to meet the right person, that together you may help one another.
Debasish Mridha|We become great, not by changing the world, but by loving the world and changing ourselves.
Jasper Sole|It is clear enough that not every something can be elevated to the rank of a thing - otherwise everything and everyone would be speaking once more, and the chatter would spread from humans to things. Rilke privileges two categories of 'entities' [Seienden), to express it in the papery diction of philosophy, that are eligible for the lofty task of acting as message-things - artifices and living creatures - with the latter gaining their particular quality from the former, as if animals were being's highest works of art before humans. Inherent to both is a message energy that does not activate itself, but requires the poet as a decoder and messenger.
Debasish Mridha|Always remember that we are here to be kind, loving, and forgiving. We are here to enjoy the abundant ecstasy of life.
Debasish Mridha|Where a mediocre mind finds adversity, a great mind finds great opportunity.
Maria Montessori|As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|A battle is won by the side that is absolutely determined to win. Why did we lose the battle of Austerlitz? Our casualties were about the same as those of the French, but we had told ourselves early in the day that the battle was lost, so it was lost.
William Walker Atkinson, Thought Vibration or the Law of Attraction in the Thought World|to succeed at anything, you must want it very much. Desire must be in evidence in order to attract
Tyler Knight, Burn My Shadow: A Selective Memory of an X-Rated Life|Many seasoned porn whores develop an ability to check out at will. The girl, on her back has unlit vacancy signs where her eyes once were.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Help is not in the sky, help is within you, in your mind; help is your reason! Turn your face to your reason not to the sky!
Melinda Salisbury, The Sin Eater’s Daughter|I’ve learned that being alone and being lonely are not the same thing. Once I was surrounded by people and lonely for it, but now I’m alone and I’ve never been so content.
Kylie Scott, Skin|I am a vicious and unrepentant killer who should be locked up. With him, my idiot boyfriend.
Bethany Hamilton, Soul Surfer: A True Story of Faith, Family, and Fighting to Get Back on the Board|Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That's what little girls are made of; the heck with sugar and spice.
Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman|Rather than allowing a book's intelligence to speak through our mouths, we replace it with our own intelligence as we talk about it. Rather than acting as emissary for the book, we become guardians of the temple, boasting of its wonders in the very words that slam shut it's doors: Reading matters! Reading matters!
Zhuangzi, The Book of Chuang Tzu|Choose not to prove how wrong others are, but choose to show them on how to be right
Jhonen Vásquez, Johnny the Homicidal Maniac: Director's Cut|The whole thing is quite hopeless, so it's no good worrying about tomorrow. It probably won't come.
David Icke|If architecture is, as is sometimes said, music set in concrete, then football and basketball may be said to be creativity embodied in team sports.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Don't care too much about life, in time you'll learn to know yourself better and better.
Sun Yat-sen|Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Shallu Jindal|-while beyond the barrier Maurice wandered, the wrong words on his lips and the wrong desires in his heart, and his arms full of air.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|I have always hated crowds. I like deserts, prisons, and monasteries. I have discovered, too, that there are fewer idiots at 3000 meters above sea level than down below.
Jina Bacarr|Katie shook her head in dismay. “I thought being poor was the worst thing that could happen to a girl.”“No, Katie,” the countess said in a clear voice. “The worst thing is to be in love with one man and have to marry another.”Katie O'Reilly to the Countess of Marbury in "Titanic Rhapsody
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|I know what you are. I've always known from the beginning, Kushiel's Chosen. It is folly, to make claim on one whom the gods have marked for their own. And unlike the others, I am no fool, to grasp at that which burns to the touch. What you have given..." she raised one hand, palm upward, the garnet seal dangling at her wrist, "... I hold in an open hand.
Emma Tennant|The English may love gardening and fishing, but they have never struck me as being close to nature. Their way of expression is 'the hollyhocks are awfully good' sort of thing, all done in very good taste. The savagery of nature is something they don't dwell upon.
Susan Lendroth|Ever poised on that cusp between past and future, we tie memories to souvenirs like string to trees along life’s path, marking the trail in case we lose ourselves around a bend of tomorrow’s road.
Giselle Simlett, Girl of Myth and Legend|Friend. Before Mark, I’d known its definition. Now I knew its meaning.
Dave Barry, Big Trouble|Kakimi chertyami oni viigrali holodnuyu voinu?"This translates roughly to: "How the hell did these people win the Cold War?
Terry Pratchett, The Truth|The public thinks big, sensible, measured thoughts while people run around doing silly things
Lana Del Rey|Who belonged to no one, who belonged to everyone.Who had nothing, who wanted everything.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When night comes do not despair; rejoice instead and say to yourself, “At least now I can see the stars.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|A lie was something you told because you were mean or a coward. A story was something you made up out of something that might have happened. Only you didn't tell it like it was, you told it like you thought it should have been.
Hubert Martin|In a way, she became the sand to my hourglass... she made watching that trickling sand a little more bearable. I no longer worried about what would happen when the sand ran out. I began to see the spark each grain held as it fell.
Anthony Burgess|A work of fiction should be, for its author, a journey into the unknown, and the prose should convey the difficulties of the journey.
Osiri Wisdom|Wisdom is indispensable in the fulfillment of purpose".
Nikki Giovanni|[Olive’s] left foot was bleeding through a wide swath of bandages onto the tarp it was resting on. The bowl next to her was full of blood.Olive looked a little pale. “I don’t think I should move,” she said.“What are you doing?” Roger shut the door behind him and stood with his back to it.“I decided I might try to eat my toes,” Olive said, closing her eyes. “But now that I’ve started, I don’t think I should move.”Roger pushed himself off the wall and knelt down next to her. He unbuckled her silver belt and reached with it under her dress. He looped the belt around the top of her leg and tightened it. His hands were not shaking. “Sit on the loose end,” he said, pushing it under her. “I hope that works.”“You brought flowers,” she said, blinking.“Olive,” he said. “You cut off your toes.”She looked down at the bowl. “Are they still toes?” she asked.
Bob Goff, Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World|I don't think anyone aims to be typical, really. Most people even vow to themselves some time in high school or college not to be typical. But still, they just kind of loop back to it somehow. Like the circular rails of a train at an amusement park, the scripts we know offer a brand of security, of predictability, of safety for us. But the problem is, they only take us where we've already been. They loop us back to places where everyone can easily go, not necessarily where we were made to go. Living a different kind of life takes some guts and grit and a new way of seeing things.
Edith Hamilton|And the sad truth is that nobody wants me to write comedy. The Exorcist not only ended that career, it expunged all memory of its existence.
Ann Landers|Someone said: "“Tell me what you read and I'll tell you who you are"or "tell me who is your friend and I'll tell you who you are" ...etc..My life experience oppose the above mentioned sayings.I would say, "Tell me how do you respond to gossip and I will tell you who you are" "Tell me how do you solve your problems and I'll tell you who you are
Angela ShahAnwar|Doctors says it is impossible to live without a heart, but is extremely unbelievable to see how many heartless humans are living in this strange world. Humans proved it once again that nothing is IMPOSSIBLE, even living without a heart.
Adam Schlesinger|I fell in love with Erica Kane the summer before my freshman year of high school. Like all red-blooded teen American boys, I'd come home from water polo practice and eat a box of Entenmann's Pop'Ems donut holes in front of the TV while obsessively fawning over 'All My Children' and Erica, her clothes, and her narcissistic attitude.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Her body was tense, her small teeth sunk into her upper lip. Her eyes flashed upward at Aloysius, and he started at what he saw in them. Pain. It was normal to feel some pain at the bestowing of a Mark, but what he saw in Adele's eyes- was agony.
Jonas Salk|In the beginning, God created human beings, which is to say God put the ingredients together, embedded the instructions for building on the template, and put it all into four separate eggs marked 'Some Assembly Required.
Gavin Edwards, Last Night at the Viper Room: River Phoenix and the Hollywood He Left Behind|It's always been the love of the music for me, the rawness of the notes vibrating through my body, the honesty of the sound I create that blocks out all the other shit. If you don't let all that, the music, its impact, become a part of you, then it doesn't matter how good you are, how successful. I don't care who you are, if you don't surrender to the power of the music, you are just playing a role.
Madison, James|Well, banks are the biggest mafia, you know, except for the government of course.
Lindsey Kelk, I Heart New York|Life is you master, or death is.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things. They are but improved means to an unimproved end, an end which it was already but too easy to arrive at; as railroads lead to Boston or New York. We are in great haste to construct a magnetic telegraph from Maine to Texas; but Maine and Texas, it may be, have nothing important to communicate.
David Lat, Supreme Ambitions|Nippers was a whiskered, sallow, and, upon the whole, rather piratical-looking young man of about five and twenty. I always deemed him the victim of two evil powers — ambition and indigestion.
Abraham Lincoln|If you age with somebody, you go through so many roles - you're lovers, friends, enemies, colleagues, strangers; you're brother and sister. That's what intimacy is, if you're with your soulmate.
Tara Janzen, On the Loose|You’re staring at my ass.”“Yes, I am.” It’s what he did in the mornings, when she woke up and spent the first hour lying around in bed.
William James|There is no doubt that healthy-mindedness is inadequate as a philosophical doctrine, because the evil facts which it positively refuses to account for are a genuine portion of reality; and they may after all be the best key to life's significance, and possibly the only openers of our eyes to the deepest levels of truth.
Nicola Sturgeon|We can create a new kind of politics: kinder, more respectful, but courageous, too.
Scott Stabile|Do you ever feel this way?It's usually a tough realization, but it makes moving on that much easier. And it creates more space in your life for those who do get you.Oh, my love, you never really got me, did you?
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|They go on to this better place, you know, which is what they wanted all along. But you and me, we're still left behind with all the questions they couldn't answer.
Francis Bacon, The Essays|Where a man cannot fitly play his own part; if he have not a friend, he may quit the stage.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|Darkness as well as light. Or do I mean darkness, another kind of light? Lucifer would say so, and I have a weakness for fallen angels.
Elisabeth Elliot|We want to avoid suffering, death, sin, ashes. But we live in a world crushed and broken and torn, a world God Himself visited to redeem. We receive his poured-out life, and being allowed the high privilege of suffering with Him, may then pour ourselves out for others.
Virginia Woolf|On the third day God created the beautiful Earth, and on the fourth day his favorite and dearest of all, your gorgeous smile.
Aprilynne Pike, Wings|If your clothes are enough to drive would-be friends away, they're not the kind of friends you want." Typical mother advice. Sweet, honest, and completely useless.
Jalaluddin Rumi|In the slaughterhouse of love, they kill only the best, none of the weak or deformed. Don't run away from this dying. Whoever's not killed for love is dead meat.
Tim Liwanag, Why Jesus Came To Hell|Because Christ's life-story tells us about God and His complete work, let us learn the meaning of God's appearance "in the flesh" so that we could know Him better (1 Timothy 3:16).
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|If a woman tells you she's twenty and looks sixteen, she's twelve. If she tells you she's twenty-six and looks twenty-six, she's damn near forty.
Farid Huseynli|Universe is nothing, but human thought.
Dwight L. Moody|The assumption that we are infallible can we justify the suppression of opinions we think false. Ages are as fallible as individuals, every age having held many opinions which subsequent ages have deemed not only false but absurd.
Courtney Carola, Where We Belong|She was supposed to be happy... why couldn't she just be happy for a few moments? Why couldn't she just forget everything bad going on her life, and just be happy?
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|He was afraid to pick up the baby. If he touched it, it might bond with him or something. Or he might leave fingerprints all over it.
Anthony T. Hincks|When I hold you in my arms, I live inside your rainbow and you live inside mine.
Ada Lovelace|Science is the father of knowledge, but opinion breeds ignorance.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|We live, I regret to say, in an age of surfaces
Marilyn Monroe|When you have a good friend that really cares for you and tries to stick in there with you, you treat them like nothing. Learn to be a good friend because one day you're gonna look up and say I lost a good friend. Learn how to be respectful to your friends, don't just start arguments with them and don't tell them the reason, always remember your friends will be there quicker than your family. Learn to remember you got great friends, don't forget that and they will always care for you no matter what. Always remember to smile and look up at what you got in life.
Criss Jami, Healology|You have heard that evil is a perversion of the good. The greatest goods can be perverted into the greatest evils. The poor man has not the opportunities for covetousness and self-indulgence which the rich man enjoys. The unlettered man has not the opportunities for intellectual pride and arrogance which the scholar may succumb to. An irreligious man may prostitute the flesh; but it takes a 'religious' man to prostitute the things of the Spirit and the Church of God. Every gift, every insight, ever vision, every talent brings its demand for self-forgetfulness in sanctified service: each brings its opportunities for richer worship or for more damnable self-love. The slum labourer may pervert beer and steak to the sole end of abusing an indulged body. It takes a bishop to pervert episcopacy to the service of self-indulgence; it takes a monk to pervert the religious life to the service of pride.
Vito Fossella|Women like myself, CEOs, can pave the way for more women to get to the top.
Akshay Vasu|It looks like you’ll be dying in Hellfire after all, Captain!” Slaughter shouted. “Just like your family in that Georgia shack did. Ha! Oh yes, I heard their screams inside! It was music to my ears!”	Tom shouted back across the flames. “Whether you die by my hands today or not, you’ll be the one in Hell, with your twin Lucifer, you MURDERING BASTARD!
Catherine Coulter, Beyond Eden|Words or fists, it didn't matter. The soul was still shattered.
Darnell Lamont Walker|If you had the option to pray for me or fight with me, you better choose the fight.
Nikki Rowe|You believe the sun will reappear after a stormy day, so why is it so hard to believe, you'll experience happiness after every heartache.
Sarah Churchwell|Considering our history, I can think of nothing more American than an immigrant.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|Names aren't loners, they're connected, even in real life. You name your kids for someone dead or what you hope they will become or what you wish you were and your parents did the same to you and that big, glittering net of names tells the story of the whole world. Names are load-bearing struts. Names are destiny.
Aida Jacobs, Dragon Guardian: Water|That’s what it means to be in love, Marin. It means doing everything in your power to ensure that the one you love lives to see another day, because the world would be that much darker without them.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Together we agree that there are few tableaus more pathetic than a woman poring over a plethora of self-help books, while in a small café across town her husband is sharing a bottle of Pouilly-Fuissé and fettucini Alfredo with a beautiful woman, fondling her fishnet knee and making careful plans to escape his life.
Dada Bhagwan|Dharma (function or properties) of the mind, dharma of the intellect, dharma of the chit, dharma of the ego – when all these dharma and the dharma of the Self (Soul) come into their own dharma (functions); that is known as Gnan (Knowledge of Self). And if we (self) insist upon any one’s dharma; it becomes ignorance (agnan).
Alexia Casale, House of Windows|...there was something in the texture of the weave that felt happy: theecho of a memory so far down in his soul it was all emotion, aburst of colour and warmth, adrift from time and place.
Alyssa Milano|Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Diana Wynne Jones, Black Maria|I think it was then that it dawned on me that Mum wasn't going to notice Chris was missing. She has been made so that she thinks Chris is just round the corner all the time. She doesn't realise that she never sees him. I don't know why I didn't understand earlier. If Aunt Maria can turn Chris into a wolf, she's surely strong enough to do this to Mum- except that it seems a different kind of thing, much more natural and ordinary, and I didn't really think she could do both kinds.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Faith and Hope are spiritual graces from God; therefore, to look at a situation and to say that ‘it is hopeless’; or to look at one’s self, and to say that ‘I am hopeless’, is closing the door in the face of God.
Glenn Beck|I'm not a big fan of romantic comedies, believe it or not.
Debasish Mridha|A man is wise not because of his intelligence, but because of his understanding and kindness.
Pawan Mehra|It's a rotten job, but somebody's got to do it.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|It does not matter that the 'intentions' of individual educators were noble. Forget about intentions. What any institution, or its agents, 'intend' for you is secondary. Our world is physical. Learn to play defense - ignore the heat and keep your eyes on the body. Very few Americans will directly proclaim that they are in favor of black people being left to the streets. But a very large number of Americans will do all they can to preserve the Dream. No one directly proclaimed that schools were designed to sanctify failure and destruction. But a great number of educators spoke of 'personal responsibility' in a country authored and sustained by a criminal irresponsibility.
Criss Jami|For a great many skeptics are put to waste. But this is meant in the sense that which they vainly focus their energy on ridiculing a certain tiny denomination of Biblical fundamentalism, a denomination seated just one chair away from unbelief; they, the skeptics, cannot believe because they are the most literal of fundamentalists: of those that which must interpret Scripture only by means of a sort of obsolete and dead script of intellectual incompetence. By all means, this is supposed to happen - Scripture states of itself that all thought and interpretation is folly without the Holy Spirit - but on the other hand, it seems, ironically, that if one thinks that the Bible is, in its true essence, an outdated text, he doesn't know much about the world around him nor those who live in it. Either that, or he doesn't know much about what it says in relation to the world around him nor to those who live in it. It's as though he, too, is dead to the world and it to him. He has no spirit: he can only possibly understand Scripture as deceased rather than the modern world's very living narrative.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|How do we change the way science is taught?Ask anybody how many teachers truly made a difference in their life, and you never come up with more than the fingers on one hand. You remember their names, you remember what they did, you remember how they moved in front of the classroom. You know why you remember them? Because they were passionate about the subject. You remember them because they lit a flame within you. They got you excited about a subject you didn't previously care about, because they were excited about it themselves. That's what turns people on to careers in science and engineering and mathematics. That's what we need to promote. Put that in every classroom, and it will change the world.
Tariq Ramadan|I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life.
T.F. Hodge|The 'magic' is the known and unknown quiet, spiritual, invisible thread which links and reveals harmonic elements to a universe of high vibrational sensory. And our beloved Bro. Maurice David knew it's undeniable creative power, from within.
Shay Dawkins, iSin: Upgrade To Life Version 2.0|I'm avoiding tomorrow, by spending more time in today.
Mavis Leno|If you want to make a difference, the next time you see someone being cruel to another human being, take it personally. Take it personally because it is personal.
J. Saman, Start Again|I guess we put ourselves out there hoping for the best, hoping that the person you say your vows to will be an even better person when you are both old and grey. We hope that they will still be there, sitting in a rocking chair with you on the porch, sipping on coffee with your toothless gums
Neil M. Gunn|Here were we wretched creatures of men making for each other's throats, and outraging the good earth which God had made so fair a habitation.
Anatole France|Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|Kropp on the other hand is a thinker. He proposes that a declaration of war should be a kind of popular festival with entrance-tickets and bands, like a bull fight. Then in the arena the ministers and generals of the two countries, dressed in bathing-drawers and armed with clubs, can have it out on themselves. Whoever survives the country wins. That would be much simpler and more than just this arrangement, where the wrong people do the fighting
Justin Gustainis, Hard Spell|My name is Markowski. I carry a badge. Also a crucifix, some wooden stakes, a big vial of holy water, and a 9mm Beretta loaded with silver bullets.I was never a Boy Scout but "Be Prepared" is still a good motto to live by. Especially if you plan to keep living.
Rupert Brooke, The Old Vicarage, Grantchester|In my photographic work I was always especially entranced, said Austerlitz, by the moment when the shadows of reality, so to speak, emerge out of nothing on the exposed paper, as memories do in the middle of the night, darkening again if you try to cling to them, just like a photographic print left in the developing bath too long.
Andrew Roberts|Actually, it's nature itself that creates the most beautiful pictures, I'm only choosing the perspective.
Sarah Rayner, One Moment, One Morning|Ben wore the same goofy smile as in the photo. Take that, new guy! I can make him happy too!
Tyne O'Connell, Latest Accessory|People keep asking what I do for a living and I keep saying that I don’t believe in making a living. That it’s a concept that has been twisted. I tell them I believe in making a life and money is a distracting object if there’s anything left at the end of the day and I just want to go on well. Make it through the day. So I smile and raise my glass and they laugh and take my hand, saying ”here’s to the youth”, pointing at me. And I might just be youngand naivefor I still believe in the freedom of choiceof how to spend your life.So they toast to the youth, who still think she’s free, and that’s all fine by me.
Barry Commoner|Ideas are the great warriors of the world, and a war that has no idea behind it, is simply a brutality.
Donald Hall|Sound had always been my portal to poetry, but in the beginning, sound was imagined through the eye.
Amit Kalantri|People are crazy about food, smoking, drinking, girls but not about their dreams.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|How I want to see the mountains, rivers, sunshine, and ruined fortresses! Let the wind course over us until we become beautiful
Heather McVea, Fallen Elements|Then a soft air, a simple melody, rose to the ears of the suddenly hushed court; and for me, it was May Day again, and I was no longer cold, for the sun burned bright and the grass smelled of its sour-sweet bruisings and an old man fashioned a ballad for the Nut-Brown maid, who would ever be true to her lover. I leaned towards the brightness and, in an abandonment of joy and because there was none to see, tore off my henin and let my nut-brown hair fall to my knees. For I would be a child again, for five minutes, and remember the time when men stopped to gaze at me, with my chaplet of flowers crowning that at which they all marvelled, and longed to touch and stroke and possess.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Remember, there are cookies waiting here for you.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|Son. Everyone dies alone. That's what it is. It's a door. It's one person wide. When you go through it, you do it alone. But it doesn't mean you've got to be alone before you go through the door. And believe me, you aren't alone on the other side.
Rudyard Kipling|No matter what happens, always Keep your childhood innocence. It's the most important thing.
Natasha Pulley, The Watchmaker of Filigree Street|Where there is loyalty, weapons are of no use.
Dr. Karan M Pai|When a self-evident truth is presented, don't surprised when self-centeredness fights back...
Emmanuel Moore Abolo|Indeed, I have observed one ingredient, somewhat necessary in a man’s composition towards happiness, which people of feeling would do well to acquire; a certain respect for the follies of mankind: for there are so many fools whom the opinion of the world entitles to regard, whom accident has placed in heights of which they are unworthy, that he who cannot restrain his contempt or indignation at the sight will be too often quarrelling with the disposal of things to relish that share which is allotted to himself. 
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Is it folly to believe in something that is intangible? After all, some of the greatest intangibles are Love, Hope, and Wonder.Another is Deity.The choice to be a fool is yours.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every day is an opportunity to stand in awe when witnessing the overpowering presence of nature, an apt time to pay reverence for the inestimable beauty of life. I must remain mindful to live in an ethical manner by paying attention to the threat of injustice towards other people and resist capitulating to the absurdity of being a finite body born into infinite space and time. I am part of the world, a spar in a sacred composition, a body of energy suspended in the cosmos. I seek to create a poetic personal testament to life. When I pivot and turn away from fixating upon the cruel artifices of my encysted orbit to face and outwardly embrace the cleansing swirl of heaven’s windmill, I feel gusting in the shank of my marrow the thump of onrushing primordial truths, the electric flush of those ineffable couplets of life that one may not utter.
Lord Byron|Democrats are so spineless, so afraid to go against the tide... but dissension is the greatest form of patriotism.
Jan Valtin, Out of the Night: The Memoir of Richard Julius Herman Krebs alias Jan Valtin|After a week he was moved to a different wing and into a shared six-by-eight with a grizzled old con called Alf. He had faded tattoos that stained most of the visible skin on his hands, arms and neck a dull blue, sharp eyes and a thick beard that made his mouth look like an axe wound on a bear.
Debasish Mridha|There is no true reality. It is just an interplay of your consciousness, awareness, thoughts, and actions.
Dietrich Mateschitz|For many sports fans, the onset of fall only means one thing: It's football season!
Marcel Béalu, The Experience of the Night|Kindly permit me to tell you, sir, that I hate you. I hate you and your child, as I hate the life of which you are the representative: cheap, ridiculous, but yet triumphant life, the everlasting antipodes and deadly enemy of beauty. I cannot say I despise you - for I am honest. You are stronger than I. I have no armour for the struggle between us, I have only the Word, avenging weapon of the weak. Today I have availed myself of this weapon. This letter is nothing but an act of revenge - you see how honourable I am - and if any word of mine is sharp and bright and beautiful enough to strike home, to make you feel the presence of a power you do not know, to shake even a minute your robust equilibrium, I shall rejoice indeed. -
Hope Bradford, Beneficial Law of Attraction: The Manifestation Teachings|The division in human religion has always been between those who see the fall of man as a fall into freedom and those who see it as an act of defiance against the tyranny of an all-powerful father. But Adam and Eve were never in heaven; they were in the mud, and had to leave the only home they had ever known behind. And why? For choosing love and freedom over perpetual infancy and slavery of the will. Their sin was moral responsibility. Their reward is clear: "They have becomes gods--knowing good and evil." And for that, they were condemned to live in a world of discovery and choices.
Shannon L. Alder|Love, is a Bloody Razor BladeLove came like fire from aboveand disappeared like a wet dream,underneath a leaky kitchen sinkFor weeks it went drip, drip, drip…until it could be, eventually fixedIt took a long time to depreciateall the things I never had to sayBut there are only so many things that make sense at the endThe rest is merely X-Acto knife love, andLove, is a bloody razor blade
William Shakespeare|He unclenched his fists and dropped her worries, unable to catch them for her. But she picked them back up and dusted them off. She wants to be able to hold them herself now.
Atalina Wright, Alchemical Love: Poems, Thoughts and Stories for the Heart and Soul|Love's alchemical power is nevermore clear than in the moments when we least expect it to grace our lives; for love transforms, love transcends, love awakens.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|Poetry is, among other things, a criticism of language.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|The wind is blowing hard around me, the sound is rising in my chest again, and I feel I can fly.And then the branch has shifted under my feet, the deep furrows of the bark have left my back, and I have no time to spread my arms. I am not flying. I am falling.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|You need editors, not brand managers,who will push the envelope to make [a brand media property] go forward.
Mackenzie Crowne - To Win Her Smile|She reeked of respectability and sophistication, and he went hard on a helpless surge of lust.
David Grossman, Falling Out of Time|The passing time is painful. I have lost the art of moving simply, naturally, within it. I am swept back against its flow. Angry, vindictive, it pierces me all the time, all the time with its spikes.
Emmeline Pankhurst, My Own Story|Believe me, you're going to have to do much worse than this--in the pursuit of freedom, the innocents will suffer--and at your hands.
Taylor Swift|There are no rules when it comes to love. I just try to let love surprise me because you never know who you’re going to fall in love with. You never know who’s going to come into your life – and for me, when I picture the person I want to end up with, I don’t think about what their career is, or what they look like. I picture the feeling I get when I’m with them.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|Perhaps nothing so accurately characterizes dysfunctional families as denial. The denial forces members to keep believing the myths and vital lies in spite of the facts, or to keep expecting that the same behaviors will have different outcomes.Dad's not an alcoholic because he never drinks in the morning, in spite of the fact that he's drunk every night.
Abbott L. Lowell|My mother always wanted to be an actress. She was an extra in movies and stuff. I have a feeling this is the classic story: The mother wants to be an actress, and the child ends up doing it. But it was never a jealousy thing between us. It was like - well, I was making my mom happy.
Cindy Martinusen Coloma, Caleb + Kate|I've been a Christian since I was a little girl. But my Christianity is a muddy mess of thoughts and opinions and making God into what works for me-like going shopping at the mall and picking out whatever I want, putting together faith like I would an outfit. Somehow I don't think the Creator, the I AM, the savior of the world is something we can mix and match to out liking.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Schopenhauer and the Wild Years of Philosophy|I have not yet spoken my last word about women. I believe that if a woman succeeds in withdrawing from the mass, or rather raising herself from above the mass, she grows ceaselessly and more than a man.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|People are beautiful. All people, of all shapes and sizes. The fact that we are living, breathing organisms that happen to have opposable thumbs, allowing us to pick up our phones and be on it for the entire damn day, is nothing short of brilliant. What makes us even more magnificent as a species is that we are lucky enough to be uniquely different - and it's THAT individuality we must each harness and celebrate.
Michael Pollan|I think cooking is really key because it's the only way you're going to take back control of your diet from the corporations who want to cook for us. The fact is, so far, corporations don't cook that well. They tend to use too much salt, fat, and sugar - much more than you would ever use at home.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|You make your son out to be to be almost an idiot; well let me tell you something, Mrs Loan, if he were a complete idiot, drooling at the mouth, he'd still be a better person then you.
Jorge P. Guerrero|Sometimes, failure uppercuts those who look down on other people.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Roots cannot grow into trees if there are no supernatural elements in the soil. Man cannot grow wealthy and famous if he doesn't contribute to either, the good or evil.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|While Christians in America have worshipped without the fear or threat of physical abuse for their beliefs, thousands of their brothers in Christ throughout the world have been tortured and martyred for confessing the name of Christ.
Holly Madison, Down the Rabbit Hole: Curious Adventures and Cautionary Tales of a Former Playboy Bunny|Marriage and family are certainly beautiful parts of life, but I believe those things can truly be appreciated only when we find, love, and respect ourselves first.
David Easton, The Rammed Earth House|Our ancestors have much to answer for.Why? What did they do?....Long ago, they used machines and drugs to keep the unhealthy and unfit ones of us alive. In that past time it was believed that all persons must have children. It was a right deemed so precious that it was forced upon even those who did not value it or should not have had it. If one of our people became pregnant, our people used all their knowledge to assure the young would be born, no matter how sick or disabled. Then, if the young lived, they injected them and dosed them and radiated them and transfused and transplanted them, to keep them alive, and then, when they were grown, they used all their skills in assisting them to have children of their own.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is appointed for man to die once, Live life to the fullness.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|Want to play hangman? asks Theophile, and I ache to tell him that I have enough on my plate playing quadriplegic. But my communication system disqualifies repartee: the keenest rapier grows dull and falls flat when it takes several minutes to thrust it home. By the time you strike, even you no longer understand what had seemed so witty before you started to dictate it, letter by letter. So the rule is to avoid impulsive sallies. It deprives conversation of its sparkle, all those gems you bat back and forth like a ball-and I count this forced lack of humor one of the great drawbacks of my condition.
Hilarie Burton|In every aspect of life, have a game plan, and then do your best to achieve it.
Moheen Reeyad|The 'one book' which hasn't been written yet, even thenpersistent a book is being written by me, and might never end!While, I survive inside my brain with someone.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The secret to attracting guys is not just being beautiful, as it definitely requires more than that..
Srividya Srinivasan|If you know me based on who I was a year ago, You don't know me at all. My growth game is strong. Allow me to reintroduce myself..!!
Emil M. Cioran|To live entirely without a goal! I have glimpsed this state, and have often attained it, without managing to remain there: I am too weak for such happiness.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|You put your soul into those paintings, and nothing in this world is more beautiful to me than that soul of yours.
Buffy Andrews|There is only one thing that you write for yourself, and that is a shopping list.
Marieke Stoop|Customers want to make informed decisions based on useful information, valuable engagements and brand affinity.
Frédéric Chopin|Kalkbrenner has made me an offer; that I should study with him for three years, and he will make something really - really out of me. I answered that I know how much I lack; but that I cannot exploit him, and three years is too much. But he has convinced me that I can play admirably when I am in the mood, and badly when I am not; a thing which never happens to him. After close examination he told me that I have no school; that I am on an excellent road, but can slip off the track. That after his death, or when he finally stops playing, there will be no representative of the great piano-forte school. That even if I wish it, I cannot build up a new school without knowing the old one; in a word : that I am not a perfected machine, and that this hampers the flow of my thoughts. That I have a mark in composition; that it would be a pity not to become what I have the promise of being...
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|In order to be irreplaceacle, one must always be different.
Betty Gilpin|Women get the attention when we get into the men's arena, and that's sad.
Oleh Lysheha, The Selected Poems|Suddenly, I was stopped by a quiet song . .Somebody stood, swaying slowly on the road,In the darkest shadow by a puddle,And low above it a small tree grew . .It might’ve been a wild cherry tree . .He kept singing, watching the puddle fill . .I dragged the pine through the water,And with my other hand steadied my sack,Where a bottle of red vino dangled . .He didn’t move, but kept on singing . .Should I have stopped thereAnd joined his singing? . .Had he foundThe one happy tree? . .No one knows where it grows—Or what it looks like . .And who is allowed to recognize it? . .I never stood under it,Even to wait for rain to passOr watch between the dropsThe silent froth appear . .Swaying, he kept on singing . .Otherwise, he would have fallenAnd the rain stopped . .He danced his own rainUnder that tree . .I can’t do such things . .Perhaps it was a wolf? . .
Mary Renault, The Last of the Wine|What is democracy? It is what it says, the rule of the people. It is as good as the people are, or as bad.
Philip Reeve, Cakes in Space|I hope you know that you are not alone, and in those hours when you feel that you are, just know there are other people out there — singing the same melodies of wanderlust, climbing over mountains in the dark, and waking in the night to stare at the moon, thinking of this large world and dreaming — just like you
Margaret Cho|Whenever anyone has called me a bitch, I have taken it as a compliment. To me, a bitch is assertive, unapologetic, demanding, intimidating, intelligent, fiercely protective, in control — all very positive attributes. But it’s not supposed to be a compliment, because there’s that stupid double standard: When men are aggressive and dominant, they are admired, but when a woman possesses those same qualities, she is dismissed and called a bitch.These days, I strive to be a bitch, because not being one sucks. Not being a bitch means not having your voice heard. Not being a bitch means you agree with all the bullshit. Not being a bitch means you don’t appreciate all the other bitches who have come before you. Not being a bitch means since Eve ate that apple, we will forever have to pay for her bitchiness with complacence, obedience, acceptance, closed eyes, and open legs.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|I tell you, Richard, if you ever get ready to sell your soul, don’t bother to sell it to another human being. It’s bad business to even consider such a thing.
David Brewster|It is therefore scientifically correct to say that 'natural selection has been proved to be an agent of evolutionary change' - we can, in fact, prove it by doing. But it is totally illegitimate to claim that the discovery of this mechanism - natural selection - proves that the cause of evolution 'was automatic with no room for divine guidance or design'.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the knowledge of God ,we perish.
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|It's best to be like water,nurturing the ten thousand thingswithout competing,flowing into places people scorn,very like the Tao.Make the earth a dwelling place.Cultivate the heart and mind.Practice benevolence.Stand by your word.Govern with equity.Serve skillfully.Act in a timely way,without contentiousness,free of blame.
Laura A. Freberg, Discovering Psychology: The Science of Mind|Because of language, the thoughts we record today might reach into the future to influence the thinking of people not yet born.
F. Sionil José, Ermita: A Filipino Novel|The obscenities of this country are not girls like you. It is the poverty which is obscene, and the criminal irresponsibility of the leaders who make this poverty a deadening reality. The obscenities in this country are the places of the rich, the new hotels made at the expense of the people, the hospitals where the poor die when they get sick because they don't have the money either for medicines or services. It is only in this light that the real definition of obscenity should be made.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|Personal truth differs from one person to the next, so how can truth itself be a constant? At least we can listen to each other in truth.
Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human|People mess up, you know? But you can’t see past it. It’s like you choose one thing about them—the worst thing—and say, ‘That’s who they are,’ and ignore the rest of it. Why not choose the best thing about them instead? Or the thing they do the most?
Steven D. Greydanus|Movies were movies, whether they were old or new. They always captivated me, pulled me into worlds where anything was possible. Worlds where there were adventures and surprises, and life was never dull. The only thing I didn't like about movies was when the credits rolled and returned me to real life.
Paula Dickerson, Glory Came in Amber Rays: A Mother's Spiritual Journey Into the Heavenlies|One can memorize all words written about Christ but without a heart connection to Him, one does not know Him, and they will not be saved by Him.
David Baldacci, Memory Man|Dark, cool, musty, smoky, where light fell funny and everyone looked like someone you knew or wanted to know. Or, more likely, wanted to forget.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|Letting your guard down, even for a moment, invites death.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|People are likely to act based on their emotions and then backward-rationalize. Because women have highly developed emotional circuits, they are especially susceptible to this.
Jeff Kinney|I'm not really sure what makes a book a 'classic' to begin with, but I think it has to be at least fifty years old and some person or animal has to die at the end.
Carolyn V. Hamilton|I married my first husband for love, my second husband for adventure, and my third husband for laffs.
Ayrton Senna|I am not designed to come secondor third, I am designedto win.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|The majority of people don't want to plan. They want to be free of the responsibility of planning. What they ask for is merely some assurance that they will be decently provided for. The rest is a day-to-day enjoyment of life. That's the explanation for your Father Divines; people naturally flock to anyone they can trust for the necessities of life... They are the backbone of a community--solid, trust-worthy, essential.
Barack Obama|For us, they packed up their few worldly possessions and traveled across oceans in search of a new life.
Paul Nash|I am a messenger who will bring back word from the men who are fighting (WWI) to those who want the war to go on forever. Feeble, inarticulate will be my message, but it will have a bitter truth and may it burn their lousy souls.
Ryukapplez|When I think about you with him, it guts me. I feel like you ripped open my chest and tore out my damn heart. Do you even realize that? I know I should want you to be happy, but I can’t wish it for anyone else other than me. I belong to you, and that’s never going to change.
Soman Chainani, The School for Good and Evil|Everyone will think I'm ugly."Tik Tok smiled. "That's true. But we are a small village. We have narrow tastes. There's no telling who else in the world would think you're beautiful.
Nancy Madore, Enchanted: Erotic Bedtime Stories For Women|ANDAKI:	EFFORT IS NOT EFFORT WITHOUT ZAMAN, MAKAN, IKHWAN (RIGHT TIME, RIGHT PLACE, RIGHT PEOPLE).
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Don´t let egos get in the way to ruin your day. If someone holds their inflated ego, blow it away!
Pope John Paul II|I love everything about the holidays: the decorations, the parties, and spending time with friends and family. What I love most is that feeling of giving back. Every bit counts.
Abby Geni|My apologies to chance for calling it necessity. My apologies to necessity if I'm mistaken, after all. Please, don't be angry, happiness, that I take you as my due.May my dead be patient with the way my memories  fade. My apologies to time for all the world I overlook each second.
Habeeb Akande|All our religion is but a false religion, and all our virtues are mere illusions and we ourselves are only hypocrites in the sight of God, if we have not that universal charity for everyone--for the good, and for the bad, for the poor and for the rich, and for all those who do us harm as much as those who do us good.
GirlDrawsManga|But as Max tugged him out the door a different feeling stole over him, something strange, behind the regret, deeper than the mourning. It wasn't until much later that he was able to identify it.Excitment.
Roger Stone|I have to be out there to sell these fights; it's not because I really enjoy getting made up and going to work every day. It's cool, it's an awesome job, but it's still a job. I'm doing it because it helps me make a living and not because I'm so extremely vain that I want to see my face everywhere.
Carla H. Krueger|I’m an old man, now. I’ve been alone since my 17th birthday. I’d wanted to marry, have a bunch of kids, and maybe be a grandpa. The big family around the Thanksgiving table, laughing and pouring wine and cracking jokes and harmlessly teasing the missus—I wanted that. I wanted to do something good with my life—something right. I didn’t want what happened to Danny, my best childhood friend, to be the only mark I’d ever make in this world. But I thought it best not to fancy such hopes and dreams: a family, love. I’d been cursed by my best friend, and I thought it right not to inflict that curse on anyone who’d be foolish enough to love me.
Orhan Pamuk|The greatest moment of your life is now. Not because it's pleasant or happy or easy, but because this moment is the only moment you've got. Every past moment is irretrievably gone. It's never coming back. If you live there, you lose your life. And the future is always out there somewhere. You can spend an eternity waiting for tomorrow, or worrying about tomorrow. If you live there, you likewise will lose your life. This moment is God's irreplaceable gift to you.
John Berger, Ways of Seeing|A wise man does not give quick answers to complex questions – he observes, analyzes and contemplates.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|Laser beams slid around them, spurts of light sinking through the darkness, eventually touching the stars or lighting the water for a moment on their death ride to the murky bottom.
Sara Nelson, So Many Books, So Little Time: A Year of Passionate Reading|And now if you'll excuse me, I should like to finish my book, alone, without the presence of a single ringleted girl to disrupt me. If you should come for me at dinner and find me in my chair, gone to the angels at last, you shall know that I died alone, which is to say in a state of utter bliss.
Steve Bruce, Politics and Religion|It is undoubtedly true that religion is often socially conservative. By binding a people together under a shared God, a common cosmology and a common morality, religion creates order and stability and its rituals create social cohesio...n. By promising to the pious poor rewards in the next life, it reconciles them to their fate in this one and thus discourages them from rebelling against their condition...[also] religion [is] an inspiration to radicalism and rebellion. religion is a potential threat to any political or social order because it claims an authority higher than any available in this world. pp. 10-11
Stephen Mansfield|There is the prophetic ministry of promise born of the will of the Father and there is the prophetic ministry born of flesh and the will of man. Though both are conceived through a genuine desire to fulfil God's plan and promise, the one birthed by flesh must be maintained by flesh while the one birthed by the Spirit will be sustained by the Spirit. Flesh reproduces flesh and therefore speaks directly to the desires of man. Spirit reproduces spirit and therefore speaks forth the desire of God.
Scott Russell Sanders, A Private History of Awe|What laid me low was no mystical vision, no message from God, but a blow of compassion. In a wakeful mind, no force is more terrible, or precious.
Shannon Jaeger, The Zed Spire|I did what I had to do. Now he's motivated.""Yeah, sure, motivated to s**t his pants maybe," Luke pointed out.
Charles Wheelan, Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science|ethanol may actually make some kinds of air pollution worse. It evaporates faster than pure gasoline, contributing to ozone problems in hot temperatures. A 2006 study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences concluded that ethanol does reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 12 percent relative to gasoline, but it calculated that devoting the entire U.S. corn crop to make ethanol would replace only a small fraction of American gasoline consumption. Corn farming also contributes to environmental degradation due to runoff from fertilizer and pesticides.But to dwell on the science is to miss the point. As the New York Times noted in the throes of the 2000 presidential race, ―Regardless of whether ethanol is a great fuel for cars, it certainly works wonders in Iowa campaigns. The ethanol tax subsidy increases the demand for corn, which puts money in farmers‘ pockets. Just before the Iowa caucuses, corn farmer Marvin Flier told the Times, ―Sometimes I think [the candidates] just come out and pander to us, he said. Then he added, ―Of course, that may not be the worst thing. The National Corn Growers Association figures that the ethanol program increases the demand for corn, which adds 30 cents to the price of every bushel sold.Bill Bradley opposed the ethanol subsidy during his three terms as a senator from New Jersey (not a big corn-growing state). Indeed, some of his most important accomplishments as a senator involved purging the tax code of subsidies and loopholes that collectively do more harm than good. But when Bill Bradley arrived in Iowa as a Democratic presidential candidate back in 1992, he ―spoke to some farmers‖ and suddenly found it in his heart to support tax breaks for ethanol. In short, he realized that ethanol is crucial to Iowa voters, and Iowa is crucial to the presidential race.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|For Restoration Of Mankind To Be Fulfilled, A Terrible Sacrifice Was Necessary
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Love, whether newly born or aroused from a deathlike slumber, must always create sunshine, filling the heart so full of radiance, that it overflows upon the outward world.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|The ultimate obscenity is not caring, not doing something about what you feel, not feeling! Just drawing back and drawing in, becoming narcissistic.
Rolly Lavapie|Life in Christ is like traveling on a metro link train, with a predetermined destination. You are not the driver, Jesus is, and God provided the route on this one time trip. He plotted everything, the date and the time of your travel and arrival. There will be stops and delays along the way, but remember this, at the bottom of a traffic light is always a green light.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|You're beautiful, but you're empty...One couldn't die for you. Of course, an ordinary passerby would think my rose looked just like you. But my rose, all on her own, is more important than all of you together, since she's the one I've watered. Since she's the one I put under glass, since she's the one I sheltered behind the screen. Since she's the one for whom I killed the caterpillars (except the two or three butterflies). Since she's the one I listened to when she complained, or when she boasted, or even sometimes when she said nothing at all. Since she's my rose.
Anonymous|Every time you smoke a cigarette, God takes an hour off your life and gives it to Keith Richards
Jonathan Talat Phillips, The Electric Jesus: The Healing Journey of a Contemporary Gnostic|Why build entirely new systems for connecting to Christ consciousness when the institutions—whether Methodist, Lutheran, or Baptist—have already been created?
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|How marvellously lie our anxieties, in filmy layers, one over the other! Take away that which has lain on the upper surface for so long—the care of cares—the only one, as it seemed to you, between your soul and the radiance of Heaven—and straight you find a new stratum there. As physical science tells us no fluid is without its skin, so does it seem with this fine medium of the soul, and these successive films of care that form upon its surface on mere contact with the upper air and light.
Katelyn Beaty, A Woman's Place: A Christian Vision for Your Calling in the Office, the Home, and the World|If mainstream culture thinks gender roles are unimportant, church culture makes them too important.
Charlotte Brontë|When we look back, it becomes clear that the acts and accomplishments of human beings are the signatures of history. Human signatures have created an enormous chasm between the joyeous light of the age of the Renaissance to the dark shadow of September 11, 2001. Those of us living on that fateful day experienced the lower depths of mankind. As an author, avid reader, world traveler, and person of enormous curiosity, my life experiences have taught me that discord often erupts from a lack of knowledge and education. To discourage future dark moments, I believe we must nourish the minds of our young with learning that creates understanding between ethnic and religious groups. Perhaps understanding will lead to a marvelous day when we take a last fleeting look at violence so harmful to so many. I sincerely believe that nothing will further the cause of peace more than the education of our young. I would like for readers to know that a percentage of the profits from the sale of this book will be devoted to the cause of education.May all roads lead to peace.
Connie Willis|When you're a writer, the question people always ask you is, "Where do you get your ideas?" Writers hate this question. It's like asking Humphrey Bogart in The African Queen, "Where do you get your leeches?" You don't get ideas. Ideas get you.
Shel Silverstein, A Light in the Attic|If we meet and I say, "Hi,"That's a salutation.If you ask me how I feel,That's a consideration.If we stop and talk awhile,That's a conversation.If we understand each other,That's communication.If we argue, scream and fight,That's an altercation.If later we apologize,That's a reconciliation.If we help each other home,That's cooperation.And all these ations added upMake civilization.(And if I say this is a wonderful poem, Is that exaggeration?)
James  Prescott, Mosaic Of Grace: God's Beautiful Reshaping Of Our Broken Lives|Grace isn't meant to be fair, grace is meant to be good
G.S. Jennsen, Relativity|I had thought Chicago was inevitable, like diarrhea.
David Hopper, In Spirit & Truth|Moron, your bus is leaving-from Groundhogs Day Bill Murray
A. Ashley Straker, Connected Infection|Ask no guarantees, ask for no security, there never was such an animal.And if there were, it would be related to the great sloth which hangs upside down in a tree all day, every day, sleeping its life away.
M.A. George, Aqua|All kidding aside…” I focus back on Pyke, genuine sincerity in my tone.“Thank you…for everything. For dragging my ‘clueless ass’ through the ocean, andover hill and vale, when you knew it was futile and stupid—but that I’d still try to do it, with or without your help. Thanks for tracking me down when I was alone and helpless; and for giving me a voice when I thought all hope was lost—”“Ugh, for crying out loud…Enough already,” Pyke squirms, a nauseatedgrimace twisting his hairy face. “Now you’re going way overboard with thegratitude…That kind of gushy crap is meant to be dished out in small doses,” he gripes. “Please make it stop…before I have to snap my own neck, just to end the suffering.” He backs away into the crowd, giving Tristan’s shoulder one more slap with a sly wink. “Hurry up, Man, and do something. Kiss her, muzzle her…shove a sock in her mouth—
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Take off your shirt."Jace raised his eyebrows. "I'm not going to attack you," she said impatiently. "I can take the sight of your naked chest without swooning.""Are you sure?" he asked, obediently sliding the shirt off his shoulders. "Because viewing my naked chest has caused many women to seriously injure themselves stampeding to get to me.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Everything in life is a blessing, however, sometimes we have to work through a lesson or challenge to earn it.
Hyacil Han, Dropshipping Ultimate Guide: The Expeditive and Accessible Scheme to Earn a Substantial Revenue at Home|Don't find customer for your products,find products for your customers.
Muditha Champika, Theories of Nature and the Universe: Comparison of Pure Buddhist Philosophy and Science|Science is great for us. But for someone who see the human evaluation for more than one million years, science is a just a one instant and younger than a baby.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|In these times where it has seemed dark indeedwhere integrity appears solely buried in legend and lore, it is an opportunity in contrast to the shadows, to create miracles...by choosing first courage, then diligence, standing, opening our mouth and speaking the truth that in rare moments, may ignite the light.
Josh McDowell|But now ask the beasts, and let them teach you; And the birds of the heavens, and let them tell you. Or speak to the Earth, and let it teach you; And the fish of the sea declare to you. Who among all these does not know that the hand of the Lord has done this,In whose hand is the life of every living thing,And the breath of all mankind?
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|When we spend time with people who live in extreme poverty, and we listen to their stories, it creates dignity and connectedness - something they usually lack.
Ruby Wax|I'll say it again - mental illness is a physical illness. You wouldn't consider going up to someone suffering from Alzheimers to yell, "Come on, get with it, you remember where you left your keys?" Let us shout it from the rooftops until everyone gets the message; depression has and nothing to do with having a bad day or being sad, it's a killer if not taken seriously.
Mohammad Badrul Ahsan|If he (George Keenan)felt on occasion more than a little uncomfortable when being listened to, then he was truly unhappy when not being listened to.
Sarah Schulman, Empathy|Lots of talk lately about the GREAT AMERICAN NOVEL that seems to be exclusively masculine. And how many of the characters in the GENIUS BOOKS are likable? Is Holden Caulfield likable? Is Meursault in The Stranger? Is Henry Miller? Is any character in any of these system novels particularly likable? Aren’t they usually loathsome but human, etc., loathsome and neurotic and obsessed? In my memory, all the characters in Jonathan Franzen are total douchebags (I know, I know, I’m not supposed to use that, feminine imagery, whatever, but it is SO satisfying to say and think). How about female characters in the genius books? Was Madame Bovary likable? Was Anna Karenina? Is Daisy Buchanan likable? Is Daisy Miller? Is it the specific way in which supposed readers HATE unlikable female characters (who are too depressed, too crazy, too vain, too self-involved, too bored, too boring), that mirrors the specific way in which people HATE unlikable girls and women for the same qualities? We do not allow, really, the notion of the antiheroine, as penned by women, because we confuse the autobiographical, and we pass judgment on the female author for her terrible self-involved and indulgent life. We do not hate Scott Fitzgerald in “The Crack-Up” or Georges Bataille in Guilty for being drunken and totally wading in their own pathos, but Jean Rhys is too much of a victim.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|There are some things in this world that can be done over, and some that can't. And time passing is one thing that can't be undone. Come this far, and you can't go back.
Barack Obama|My life is part humor, part roses, part thorns.
James Jean-Pierre|Have and the have nots. Why do people say that, it’s stupid? I think it should be the gets and the get nots; that makes more sense.
Elizabeth Grace Saunders, The 3 Secrets to Effective Time Investment: Achieve More Success with Less Stress: Foreword by Cal Newport, Author of So Good They Can't Ignore You|Had history been democratic in its ways, there would have been no farming and no industrial revolution. Both leaps into the future were occasioned by unbearably painful crises that made most people wish they could recoil into the past.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Only he who believes is obedient, and only he who is obedient believes.
Richard Yates|If my work has a theme, I suspect it is a simple one: that most human beings are inescapably alone, and therein lies their tragedy.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|A quiet but indomitable voice behind me said, “I believe this is my dance.” It was him. I could feel his presence. The warmth of him seeped into my back, and I quivered all over like spring leaves in a warm breeze.
Miguel de Unamuno, Tragic Sense of Life|She came and she went, in sorrow for the death of dreams, and she came no more.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I lost my way in the darkness. But at dawn of a bright light, I find my path.
Jo Baker|Work, Mrs. Hill knew, might not be a cure for all ailments, but it was a sovereign remedy against the more brooding kinds.
Steven Herrick, Cold Skin|Is there an answer to the question of why bad things happen to good people?...The response would be…to forgive the world for not being perfect, to forgive God for not making a better world, to reach out to the people around us, and to go on living despite it all…no longer asking why something happened, but asking how we will respond, what we intend to do now that it has happened.
Rex Curry|Third Reich was a term that was never used by Adolf Hitler. The term 'Third Reich' is used by so-called scholars and news journalists (and Wikipedia posters) to hide the fact that Hitler called his regime 'Socialism.' Scholars, journalists (and wakipedia) cite no example of Hitler ever using the term 'Third Reich.' Other writers use the terms 'Nazi' and 'Fascist' and 'Third Reich' as if Hitler tossed them around all the time. Those terms were not used as self-identifiers by the self-avowed socialist Hitler.
Betty White|At their core, when things really matter, people see a need to turn to God for strength and protection.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam / The Forerunner|When you were a wandering desire in the mist, I too was there, a wandering desire. Then we sought one another, and out of our eagerness dreams were born. And dreams were time limitless, and dreams were space without measure.
Gabriel García Márquez|She was crude, but loyal. He began to understand her even better than before. A pity she was so old; it was too late to try to make a human being of her.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|Bhikkus, all is burning. And what is the all that is burning?The eye is burning, visible forms are burning, eye-consciousness is burning, eye-contact is burning; also whatever is felt as pleasant or painful or neither-painful-nor-pleasant that arises with eye-contact as its condition, that too is burning. Burning with what? Burning with the fire of greed, with the fire of hate, with the fire of delusion, with birth, ageing and death, with sorrow, with lamentation, with pain, grief and despair it is burning.
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|Maybe a holiday miracle will change Mearth’s awful behavior,” Mandy suggested with optimism.“The only holiday miracle around here is that Mearth hasn’t murdered us both yet,” said Alecto, lighting another cigarette, his hands shaking erratically. He looked exhausted and terrified, his gray eyes soulless.“Do you know what Mearth likes, Alecto?” Mandy questioned.“Vegetables, she likes celery a lot, and lettuce,” Alecto responded in a quiet monotone. “I don’t know what else she likes. I’ve never asked her.”“Well, she has to like something… doesn’t everyone?”“Not her, Mandy Valems.
Tracie Puckett, Breaking Rules|If you want things to change, then you have to change them.
Candace Bushnell|He had done nothing on Christmas day, just wandered around outside in the frozen woods. Hard ground, chill winds and bare branches that looked like they'd been dipped in sugar. None of it seemed real, like walking around in a desolate dream, but one he didn't want to wake up from.
Euginia Herlihy|Stop confusing yourself and wasting your time doing everything you see or hear from other people. The core is to make time to find your niche, embrace it and run with it before your confusion create envy that will lead to resentment. Wake up! The whole situation undermines your your worth on this planet. Your divine calling and your divine purpose are both patiently waiting for you to come to senses.
James Blunt|The human body and mind are tremendous forces that are continually amazing scientists and society. Therefore, we have no choice but to keep an open mind as to what the human being can achieve.
Ezekiel Emanuel|To study the phenomena of disease without books is to sail an uncharted sea, while to study books without patients is not to go to sea at all.
Evelyn Waugh|Grits are hot; they are abundant, and they will by-gosh stick to your ribs. Give your farmhands (that is, your children) cold cereal for breakfast and see how many rows they hoe. Make them a pot of grits and butter, and they’ll hoe till dinner and be glad to do it.
C.S. Lewis, The Case for Christianity|Reality, in fact, is always something you couldn't have guessed. That's one of the reasons I believe Christianity. It's a religion you couldn't have guessed.
Jennifer   Wilson, New World: Rising|There was no point in the gods trying to separate us. Whether we were on Earth or in hell, we'd spend the rest our days look for the other.
Joost A.M. Meerloo|Freedom and respect for the individual are rooted in the Old Testament, which convinced man that he makes his own history, that he is responsible for his history. Such freedom implies that a man throws off his inertia, that he does not cling arbitrarily to tradition, that he strives knowledge and accepts moral responsibility. The fear of freedom is the fear of assuming responsibility.Freedom can never be completely safeguarded by rules and laws. It is as much dependent on courage, integrity, and responsibility of each of us as it is on these qualities in those who govern. Every trait in us and our leaders which points to passive submission to mere power betrays democratic freedom.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|An entrepreneur is not deterred by his lack of perfection, he knows no one else is
Simon Callow|The poetry of a people comes from the deep recesses of the unconscious, the irrational and the collective body of our ancestral memories.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|You need to belong to yourself, and let others belong to themselves too. You need to be free and detached from things and your surroundings. You need to build your home in your own simple existence, not in friends, lovers, your career or material belongings, because these are things you will lose one day.
Gerald G. Jampolsky, Love Is Letting Go of Fear|Inner peace can be reached only when we practice forgiveness. Forgiveness is letting go of the past, and is therefore the means for correcting our misperceptions.
Howard Rheingold|This is a man who was 23 years old when he theorized the idea of creating a programmable machine, and in that way, Turing foresaw computers and artificial intelligence. These were revolutionary ideas at that time.
R.M. Webb, Speak|No. I don’t want to set the speed. I don’t like being in control. I want him to set the pace. I’m not good at this kind of stuff. I’m stunned. I think I’m just staring at him with my mouth hanging open. How could he be so perfect in so many ways and then do something like this to me? Can’t he see that I’m about as aggressive as a water lily?Webb, R. M. (2015-09-01). Speak (Witches & Warlocks Book 1) (p. 36). . Kindle Edition.
Sunday Adelaja|There are three blessings which God has prepared for those who serve Him with faith and in truth; Material, physical and victory over enemies
JohnA Passaro|Two weeks. Everything you love, own, and cherish, can be gone, liquidated, and lost forever in two weeks. Give or take a day.
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|I stayed with him for three days, and he then asked: ‘Do you know any craft by which to make your living?’ I told him: ‘I am a lawyer, a scientist, a scribe, a mathematician and a calligrapher.’ ‘There is no market for that kind of thing here,’ he replied. ‘No one in this city has any knowledge of science or of writing and their only concern is making money.’ ‘By God,’ I said, ‘I know nothing apart from what I have told you.
Richard Feynman, Six Easy Pieces: Essentials of Physics By Its Most Brilliant Teacher|If one cannot see gravitation acting here, he has no soul.
Kenneth Eade, Predatory Kill|On a basic level, he had seen first-hand how his government used the element of fear to accomplish its objectives; the same element of fear that had been used as an excuse to engage its huge war machine in conflicts for the profits of America’s oligarchy.
Louise Lawrence, Children of the Dust|Treacherous people do not last only memories of their treason last.So will it last with emotions mixed, of love and hate for treacherous ones.
Robert D. Crassweller|I went to Russia a Communist; but contact with those who have no doubts has intensified a thousandfold my own doubts, not as to Communism in itself, but as to the wisdom of holding a creed so firmly that for its sake men are willing to inflict widespread misery.
Debasish Mridha|If anyone controls your feelings, emotions, and thoughts—she or he controls you. Even if you are longing for love, think of yourself with love.
Kiran Bisht|Why are you so restless? what are you looking for? happiness is right there, yes, in front of you.
Paballo Seipei|But now the train had finally begun to move, and Albie had switched the fearless truth-telling eye of his camera lens from his untied laces to the walls of the tunnels under east London, because you can never have enough pictures of dirty concrete.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Percy was getting tired of water.If he said that aloud, he would probably get kicked out of Poseidon’s Junior Sea Scouts, but he didn’t care.
Jessica O'Toole, The Price of Sanctuary|He spun round under her grip. She smelled so good, her touch so soft as she unhooked the buttons on his tunic. Pushing the shirt apart she frowned, her hands running over the thin scars through his tattoos. ‘And you belong to him, too.
Simon Sinek|I just love coming to Vegas. There is always a good energy here; the minute you get off the plane, it is happy. Every experience I have had here is fun, and everyone is in a good mood; they are happy, and they let it go. I like that. It is refreshing to me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water your dreams with fear, and they will wilt; with doubt, and they will wither; with hope, and they will grow; with faith, and they will flourish.
Keri Arthur, Full Moon Rising|I intend to make you scream for me, Riley.
Hari Kondabolu|There is a real sense of anger among many people who are married that the government, any government, thinks it has the ability to change the definition of an institution like marriage.
Tom Hodgkinson|A conclusion I’ve come to at the Idler is that it starts with retreating from work but it’s really about making work into something that isn’t drudgery and slavery, and then work and life can become one thing.
Tom Wolfe, The Bonfire of the Vanities|London is speared by the tube map of fashion zone: zone one is classic-edgy, zone two is edgy-dowdy while the counties do a classic, edgy, dowdy hotch potch - epitomised so beautifully by Kate Moss.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|...the cab of the truck heated up nicely, its windows fogging. I felt like a Dickens character. I thought about explaining that to Mouse, just to occupy my thoughts, but he was suffering enough without being forced to endure Dickens, even by proxy.
John   Kramer, Blythe|Public awareness is the equinox of tyranny’s rise; once one man learns of another’s captivity, he will act to free him. It is the best and most certain part of man’s nature.
Anatole France|The average man, who does not know what to do with his life, wants another one which will last forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we mediate on the Scriptures, our minds shall be on Christ Jesus, the Saviour.
Karl Wiggins, Self-Publishing In the Eye of the Storm|When I am writing a novel, the setting, the characters, the action is clear in mind when I start -- so I believe. But it is only when these imaginings are written down, passing it seems almost physically from my brain down the arm to my moving hand that they begin to live and move and have their being and assume a different kind of truth.
Leon Wieseltier, Kaddish|Surely it is foolish to hate facts. The struggle against the past is a futile struggle. Acceptance seems so much more like wisdom. I know all this. And yet there are some facts that one must never, never accept. This is not merely an emotional matter. The reason that one must hate certain facts is that one must prepare for the possibility of their return. If the past were really past, then one might permit oneself an attitude of acceptance, and come away from the study of history with a feeling of serenity. But the past is often only an earlier instantiation of the evil in our hearts. It is not precisely the case that history repeats itself. We repeat history—or we do not repeat it, if we choose to stand in the way of its repetition. For this reason, it is one of the purposes of the study of history that we learn to oppose it.
Monks of New Skete, In The Spirit of Happiness: A Book of Spiritual Wisdom|Now is the time to recall the enthusiasm of our first fervor, the determination to offer ourselves unreservedly, and at the same time to let go of the craving for emotional consolation,
Gabriel García Márquez, Collected Stories|In the final analysis, our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this small planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children's future. And we are all mortal.
Auliq-Ice|We are some combination of strengths and weaknesses, virtues and less-than-virtuous inclinations. Greed, selfishness and pride are often co-conspirators planning their return just beyond the surface of our consciousness.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Red Mars|What was to be the value of the long looked forward to,Long hoped for calm, the autumnal serenityAnd the wisdom of age? Had they deceived usOr deceived themselves, the quiet-voiced elders,Bequeathing us merely a receipt for deceit?The serenity only a deliberate hebetude,The wisdom only the knowledge of dead secretsUseless in the darkness into which they peeredOr from which they turned their eyes. There is, it seems to us,At best, only a limited valueIn the knowledge derived from experience.The knowledge imposes a pattern, and falsifies,For the pattern is new in every momentAnd every moment is a new and shockingValuation of all we have been. We are only undeceivedOf that which, deceiving, could no longer harm.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Don’t complain against life, it may hear you and double your suffering
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Like playing cards in the hands of an unprofessional player, the school activities papers are scattered lacking the connection between them and the upper educational goals.And like the playing cards scatter all around the place when played by amateurs who don’t know the rules of the game, the school activities spread in time and place leaving behind them a crowded painting full of colors and lines that don’t show the watcher that it was painted by a professional drawer who mastered the lines and colors in his complicated piece.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Feminism's failings do not mean we should eschew feminism entirely. People do terrible things all the time, but we don't regularly disown our humanity. We disavow the terrible things. We should disavow the failures of feminism without disavowing its many successes and how far we have come.
Robert A. Heinlein|Longbottom, if brains were gold, you'd be poorer than Weasley, and that's saying something.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|You see, we cannot draw lines and compartments and refuse to budge beyond them. Sometimes you have to use your failures as stepping-stones to success. You have to maintain a fine balance between hope and despair.' He paused, considering what he had just said. 'Yes', he repeated. 'In the end, it's all a question of balance.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Poetry is sane because it floats easily in an infinite sea; reason seeks to cross the infinite sea, and so make it finite. The result is mental exhaustion. To accept everything is an exercise, to understand everything a strain.
Hunter S. Thompson|Is it ever thus, at the end of things? Does any woman ever count the grains of her harvest and say: Good enough? Or does one always think of what more one might have laid in, had the labor been harder, the ambition more vast, the choices more sage?
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|Any failure we could suffer throughout our lives, will turn into little successes if we take the right path, keep walking.
|I don't know what tomorrow brings, but I strongly believe that my mind is fully capable of dealing with whatever it shows up with.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We encountered many hardships. With hope, we find the strength to endure.
RuPaul, Lettin it All Hang Out: An Autobiography|Love is like the human appendix. You take it for granted while it's there, but when it's suddenly gone you're forced to endure horrible pain that can only be alleviated through drugs.
Neal A. Maxwell|There are certain mortal moments and minutes that matter. Certain hingepoints in the history of each human. Some seconds are so decisive they shrink the soul, while others are spent, so as to stretch the soul.
Iain Banks|it is an ocean of burning oil I am cast adrift upon, no sea’s repose; I pass from waking agonies… to the semiconscious trance of torment in which the smaller, earlier, deeper rings of the brain know only that the nerves scream, the body aches, and there is no one to turn crying to for comfort.
Courtney Kirchoff, Jaden Baker|Ah, yes. That. The sin of being happy or excited. According to my father, we must guard carefully against such things. According to my father, these emotions are the equivalent of dancing on out fifth-floor window ledge. Clearly inviting a nasty fall.
Deepak Ranjan, An Eclipse of Yesteryear|It was painful. Still, I saw heaven while making love to you. You've completed me. You are special to me. But how did you resist so long…, making love!' Alishan asked.‘I heard your sweet moan, while I was inside you… I desired to listen more, and this desire to hear you more and more, held me to act accordingly.
Alexis  Hall, Glitterland|I'd wasted so much of my life. So many of my days, and all of my promise, all of my dreams, lost to hospitals, to depression, to wanting to die. This wasn't how it was supposed to be. This is not who I am.Except, of course, it was. It was all there was left to be.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above.’James 1:17If your vision in life is to become as rich as possible, hoard every penny you make, and indulge your every whim - your vision is not from God. But if your vision is to succeed, use your success to bless others, and fulfil the purposes of God in the earth, your vision is from God.
Hazrat Inayat Khan|Love is the divine Mother's arms; when those arms are spread, every soul falls into them.The Sufis of all ages have been known for their beautiful personality. It does not mean that among them there have not been people with great powers, wonderful powers and wisdom. But beyond all that, what is most known of the Sufis is the human side of their nature: that tact which attuned them to wise and foolish, to poor and rich, to strong and weak -- to all. They met everyone on his own plane, they spoke to everyone in his own language. What did Jesus teach when he said to the fishermen, 'Come hither, I will make you fishers of men?' It did not mean, 'I will teach you ways by which you get the best of man.' It only meant: your tact, your sympathy will spread its arms before every soul who comes, as mother's arms are spread out for her little ones.
Napoléon Bonaparte|Courage is like love, it must have hope for nourishment.
Lois Greiman, One Hot Mess|Sex is all right, but a hot fudge sundae don't never ask if the baby's really his.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|Tired, tired with nothing, tired with everything, tired with the world’s weight he had never chosen to bear.
RVM|Don’t Live Life as if you are meant to exist, many people do so. Instead, choose to Live as if Life is a Celebration.
M. Night Shyamalan|I always try to describe making movies like summer camp, or some holiday where you spend all day, every day with a new group of people whom you kind of love and then never see again.
A. White, 25 Things Moms hope don't happen for the Holidays|Nothing makes sense, not that much of the world ever did."  Quote from the book: "UnHoly Pursuit: The Devil on My Trail.
Sappho|A demon seduced an angel in the middle of the nightand they gave the stars a glimpse.There was nothing casual about it, it was tender skin and battle scars breathless passion under storm clouds a rapid river stream mirroring the moon light. Until one day, he left her with nothing, just a bruised heart and carved memories iridescent wings chipped on the edges heat under her skin, like an ember burning low.I asked her, "What do you do after a love like that?"She laughed.And madness danced behind her eyes.But she flew so high the world was jealous.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When I had to leave she kissed me on both cheeks - a thing she had never done before - and said, 'There's just one thing to remember; whatever happens, it does no good to be afraid.' So I promised not to be afraid, and may even have been a fool enough to think I could keep my promise.
Amanda Lovelace|Besides, what's in a name? Actually, a lot. Whether taken from a parent or grandparent, some saint, or even the late great Elvis, your name insists another person's dream of what you should have been. The portrait of some ancestral ideal lingers through heirloom names. Gender specific names imply all sorts of expectations. More than just a signifier used to summon, instruct, address, accuse, sometimes praise us, our names define and thereby limit us. They put us in a cage.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Captive|Bailey went quiet, her expression softening. "You're right," she finally said. "It wouldn't have been smart.""Well, fuck me -- are you actually admitting that I was right about something?""It's like an eclipse," she muttered. "Happens every so often.
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|Commerce with all nations, alliance with none, should be our motto.
Maurice Mességué, Of People and Plants: The Autobiography of Europe's Most Celebrated Healer|But it is my understanding that the health of the planet is affected by the health of every individual on it. As long as even two souls are locked in conflict, the whole of the world is contaminated by it.
Natalie Cole|A little bit of sun does wonders! With good protection, of course. Vitamin D is just so good for your hair and your nails. I also love coconut water and coconut oil from Whole Foods. It's amazing. You can cook with it, shower with it... you come out of the shower like a slippery seal, but it works.
Lydia Kang, Control|Trust no one, I scold myself. Even if they smell good.
Lynn Good|When terrorism strikes, divisive anger is a natural response.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|This “I” was made in the image of God for fellowship with God. Without God it is miserable, empty, confused, and frustrated. Without God life has no meaning; but with God at its center there is life, an inner strength and peace, a deep satisfaction, an unfading joy known only to those who know Jesus Christ.
Chloe Thurlow, Being a Girl|They had kissed so often in lust, in passion, but never like this.This felt like a renewal, a pledge… A beginning.
Kendal Rob|When your bright future, becomes a dull regret of the past, take a deep breath and move on.
Robert B. Reich|It turns out that what money buys has rapidly diminishing emotional returns ... As long as we're not destitute, happiness depends less on getting what we want than appreciating what we already have.
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters|What do you know of my heart? What do you know of anything but your own suffering. For weeks, Marianne, I've had this pressing on me without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature. It was forced on me by the very person whose prior claims ruined all my hope. I have endured her exultations again and again whilst knowing myself to be divided from Edward forever. Believe me, Marianne, had I not been bound to silence I could have provided proof enough of a broken heart, even for you.
John Wyndham, Chocky|Would you like to stand next to me and introduce yourself to the class?'' Smiled Mr Zimmerman, the English teacher.Nope, I would rather turn into bat! Leave me the heck alone. Ughh, why is it teachers ask ' Would you like to?' No teen ever wants to stand in front of strangers and be forced to talk about them. - Lenore Lee from Whitby After Dark
Charles R. Swindoll|Jesus said the weeds would grow with the wheat until the Judgement," Dietrich answered, "so one finds both good men and bad in the Church. By our fruits we will be known, not by what name we have called ourselves. I have come to believe that there is more grace in becoming wheat than there is in pulling weeds.
Michael Bunker, The WICK Omnibus Edition|Perhaps our dreams are there to be broken, and our plans are there to crumble, and our tomorrows are there to dissolve into todays, and perhaps all of this is all a giant invitation to wake up from the dream of separation, to awaken from the mirage of control, and embrace whole-heartedly what is present. Perhaps it is all a call to compassion, to a deep embrace of this universe in all its bliss and pain and bitter-sweet glory. Perhaps we were never really in control of our lives, and perhaps we are constantly invited to remember this, since we constantly forget it. Perhaps suffering is not the enemy at all, and at its core, there is a first-hand, real-time lesson we must all learn, if we are to be truly human, and truly divine. Perhaps breakdown always contains breakthrough. Perhaps suffering is simply a right of passage, not a test or a punishment, nor a signpost to something in the future or past, but a direct pointer to the mystery of existence itself, here and now. Perhaps life cannot go 'wrong' at all.
|I hear a lot of people say, 'teenagers of this generation are so lost.' But I always wonder what they have been doing to help them discover themselves.
Israelmore Ayivor|If it must be enjoyed, then it must be done. And if it must be done, then it must be done well. If it is done well, it is enjoyed well.
John Greenleaf Whittier|One of our defects as a nation is a tendency to use what have been called "weasel words." When a weasel sucks eggs the meat is sucked out of the egg. If you use a "weasel word" after another there is nothing left of the other.
Jason Micheal Ratliff|Alone.Yes,that's the key word, the most awful word in the English tongue. Murder doesn't hold a candle to it and hell is only a poor synonym.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Stretched by an idea,   we can aspire to new heights,     new ways of thinking.
Poppet, Sveta|m possessed, gripping her head and looking at the deep crimson bruise on her neck, fading to black at the edges. Her wrists are banded with yellow-green bruises, and when I turn her I spot the finger marks left on her thigh.“Did he do this to you?
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|Couples tended to be of roughly equivalent personal attractiveness, though of course factors such as money often seemed to secure a partner of significantly better looks than oneself.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|You count the hours you could have spent with your mother, it's a lifetime in itself.
Ronald Reagan|If politics were a musical, it would be "Promises, Promises".
David Kipper, The Addiction Solution: Unraveling the Mysteries of Addiction through Cutting-Edge Brain Science|Powerlessness implies inactivity, like an appliance that is not plugged into its electrical current. Empowerment is about plugging into responsible choices and then acting upon them to your fullest capacity.
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|It is not what happens to us that causes our pain and suffering, it is our thinking pattern and perception of our experiences that create our reality and contribute to our well-being or suffering
Mia Hollow|The truth, the all moving magic, the single handed spark of it all wasI found art. And this saved my life.
Alexander Schmemann, The Eucharist: Sacrament of the Kingdom|The Purpose of the Eucharist lies not in the change of the bread and wine, but in the partaking of Christ, who has become our food, our life, the manifestation of the Church as the body of Christ. This is why the gifts themselves never became in the Orthodox East an object of special reverence, contemplation, and adoration, and likewise an object of special theological 'problematics': how, when, in what manner their change is accomplished.
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|My mother says it can't stay like this, but I believe it will. The Pants are like an omen. They stand for the promise we made to one another, that no matter what happens, we stick together. But they stand for a challenge too. It's not enough to stay in Bethesda, Maryland, and hunker down in air-conditioned houses. We promise one another that someday we'd get out in the world and figure some stuff out.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you cannot see the rainbow because your face is down, don't argue that no rainbow is up there. Lift up your passion and take your dreams off the ground!
Bryan Oftedahl|Maggie had learned a long time ago that each day with a child was filled with two kinds of battles: those that won the war, and those that did not.
Ramakrishna, Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna|God has made different religions to suit different aspirants, times, and countries. All doctrines are only so many paths; but a path is by no means God himself. Indeed, one can reach God if one follows any of the paths with whole-hearted devotion...One may eat a cake with icing either straight or sidewise. It will taste sweet either way.
Maxim Gorky, Literary Portraits|The illness of a doctor is always worse than the illnesses of his patients.The patients only feel, but the doctor, as well as feeling, has a pretty good idea of the destructive effect of the disease on his constitution.This is a case in which knowledge brings death nearer.
Lysander Spooner|Many rabble-rousers for libertarianism, liberty and freedom are unwitting pawns of controllers they have never even considered.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Could mankind declare it was truly wise? Did man know everything on earth, or would he ever? Certainly not!
Margaret Kennedy, The Constant Nymph|He became so gloomy that she asked him, at last, if he was worried about anything. He assured her, instantly, that he was the happiest man in the world. And he was. At times he was almost bewildered by his own bliss in being there, with Tony, so terribly dear, beside him; really his own for the rest of his life. It was not her fault if the insatiable sorrows of an unequal love tormented him, the hungry demand for more, for a fuller return, for a feeling which it was not in her nature to give. As she leaned forward, absorbed in the passions staged beneath her, he felt suddenly that their box contained just himself and a wraith, a ghost; as if the real Antonia, whom he loved, was an imagined woman living only in his sad fancy.
Simon Mashalla|It is not nice to play for marriage, whether your own or that of someone else, as a soda stopper. The result is the unclean of the human dignity. Respect your marriage to take care of your dignity.
Vishwanath S J|Not everyone can decode a dream! Dreamers are those abled minds that can read the intent of the dream in terms of energy, frequency & vibration...!
Sunday Adelaja|When we relate with people, we indirectly relate with God
Robert Frost, Collected Poems of Robert Frost|For, dear me, why abandon a beliefMerely because it ceases to be true?Cling to it long enough, and not a doubtIt will turn true again, for so it goes.Most of the change we think we see in lifeIs due to truths being in and out of favor.As I sit here, and often times, I wishI could be monarch of a desert landI could devote and dedicate foreverTo the truths we keep coming back and back to.––from "The Black Cottage
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|When humility is exercised, people begin to realise that they do not, as it were, exist at all.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|But ... but what if I hit you?”A snort. “You’re not going to hit me.”“How do you know?” I bristled at his amused tone. “I could hit you. Even master swordsmen make mistakes. I could get a lucky shot, or you might not see me coming. I don’t want to hurt you.”He favored me with another patient look. “And how much experience do you have with swords and weapons in general?” “Um.” I glanced down at the saber in my hand. “Thirty seconds?”He smiled, that calm, irritatingly confident smirk. “You’re not going to hit me.
Debbie Howells, The Beauty of the End|The question is, would you rather keep your secrets or keep her?
Frank Stella|The ancient Romans built their greatest masterpieces of architecture, their amphitheaters, for wild beasts to fight in.
Shaynee Gokool|Beauty is truth's smile,when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Christina Brooke, London's Last True Scoundrel|Angela turned in her chair. Resting her chin on folded hands, the mirror reflected the look of a girl in love. ‘Oh, what a blessing fate has bestowed on me.
Kemi Sogunle|A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.
Teal Ceagh, Kiss Across Time|You did it, Taylor! You did it! You got yourself a backstage pass!" He was screaming in her ear."I did?" Great. Now the last thing on earth she wanted to do was face that Brody Gallagher backstage. She never wanted to look him in the eye again.
Erin Watt, Paper Princess|One thing I’ve learned, my friend, is every person you meet has different needs, and when we wish to be a valuable part of the person’s life, we must learn them.” His mouth quirked in a wry grin. “I suppose that’s the trick, isn’t it? Caring for a person in the way they require, even when it’s not how we’d wish to. from Miss Whitaker Opens Her Heart
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|I so desperately wanted to be his gravity, to hold him on this earth and keep him from leaving me.
Marvin Sapp|It was gross enough for fast food restaurants to ban, but apparently our government wants so-called pink slime to be a staple in your kids' lunches.
T.S. Joyce, Air Ryder|There’s no blade sharper than the truth under the Sun, it’s enlightens the mind, releases the captives, condemns the guilty and spares the innocent; it’s the only weapon a hero ever needs to fight a war, the one which is conducted without a need of any Iron blade!
Kiese Laymon|They are not American super-women, but they are the best of Americans. They have remained responsible, critical, and loving in the face of servitude, sexual assault, segregation, poverty, and psychological violence. They have done this hard, messy work because they were committed to life and justice, and so we all might live more responsibly tomorrow.
Joel Dinerstein, The Origins of Cool in Postwar America|Much of what animated me in those days I now recognize as the romantic yearnings of an idealistic, alienated, and aimless young man. I endowed these strange, exotic people, about whom I knew little, with all the virtues that my own culture seemed to lack.
David McRaney, You Are Not So Smart: Why You Have Too Many Friends on Facebook, Why Your Memory Is Mostly Fiction, and 46 Other Ways You're Deluding Yourself|Capable psychonauts who think about thinking, about states of mind, about set and setting, can get things done not because they have more willpower or drive, but because they know productivity is a game played against a childish primal human predilection for pleasure and novelty that can never be excised from the soul. Your effort is better spent outsmarting yourself than making empty promises through plugging dates into a calendar or setting deadlines for push-ups.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Adventures of Elizabeth in Rügen|[Walking] is the perfect way of moving if you want to see into the life of things. It is the one way of freedom. If you go to a place on anything but your own feet you are taken there too fast, and miss a thousand delicate joys that were waiting for you by the wayside.
Thomas Wolfe, You Can't Go Home Again|He said it was better to belong where you don't belong than not to belong where you used to belong, remembering when you used to belong there.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|Is this how it goes? You fall in love, and nothing seems truly scary anymore, and life is one big possibility?
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|In the space between yes and no, there's a lifetime. It's the difference between the path you walk and the one you leave behind; it's the gap between who you thought you could be and who you really are; its the legroom for the lies you'll tell yourself in the future.
Claire North, The Sudden Appearance of Hope|Heartache is so physically real that it needs to be recognized as a sickness, an ailment, a cancer of love. A broken heart is a sad, angry, powerful thing that shakes you by the collar and demands your respect, and it's pummeling me into the mattress, shattering me to pieces. It's as real as the actual heart in my chest. In some ways, it's more real because it flows throughout your whole body, wrapping around your bones and your organs and your blood. It's in everything you do, every breath you take.
Ivan Goncharov, Oblomov|If there is meaning in life at all, then there must be meaning in suffering.
Robert Wrigley|She was mined for the childrenin her, one daughter, then another, a short seam, quick to clay, and not a single son to save them.
C.S. Lewis|The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|There is no elegance in this existence, nor grace in our lives. There is nothing poetic about feasting on blood that spills from torn flesh...
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|When I reach out, you take my hand. When I smile, you mirror the expression.When I triumph, you glory as if it were your own.When I fail, you point to the light at the end.When I need, you tenderly provide.When I cry, you kiss away my tears.When I suffer,  you bleed.And you wonder why I love you?
Osasumwenfrank|When you become too special in life and death comes, you are only given an expensive burial, follow remembrance if too special, nothing more. Life just continue being expensive than you think with each generation.
Ressha|Sincerity like this staggers me; I've seen too little and too much of it one way and another; I've valued it so highly that when someone hands it to me as directly as you have, I'm not sure whether I should jump for joy or burst into tears. — Gwendolyn MacEwen to Milton Acorn, 1960 (age 19)
Jeannie Lin, The Lotus Palace|My knee struck a tree root as my vision went black. Suddenly, I was in a building at Haven Crest, kneeling on the floor. Blood, thick and clotted like canned cherries, crept down the walls. The lights above my head flickered off then on with a menacing hum.
Rick Yancey|My nose is broken," I said. Damn that Dumbo. Made me self-conscious."My ankle's broken," he said."Then I'll come to you.
Virginia Woolf, Moments of Being|Human relations, at least between the sexes, were carried on as relations between countries are now - with ambassadors, and treaties. The parties concerned met on the great occasion of the proposal. If this were refused, a state of war was declared.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We grew up on the same street,You and me.We went to the same schools,Rode the same bus,Had the same friends,And even shared spaghettiWith each other's families.And though our roots belong toThe same tree,Our branches have grownIn different directions.Our tree,Now resembles a thousandOther treesIn a sea of a trillionOther treesWith parallel destiniesAnd similar dreams.You cannot envy the branchThat grows biggerFrom the same seed,And you cannotBlame it on the sun's direction.But you still compare us,As if we're still those twoKids at the parkSlurping down slushies andEating ice cream.Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Our passion, even our insult, could be turned into a blessing.
Austin Grossman, Crooked|We've become a superficial nation obsessed with fluff. Americans may be hard-pressed to name their two senators or find Afghanistan on a map, but they know everything about the loopy Kardashians and Brad and what's-her-name. I worry about our country's future when critical issues take a backseat to the inane utterings of illiterate athletes and celebrity twits.
Alexander Freed, Rogue One - A Star Wars Story|He saw a figure in white robes near the bridge entrance and turned the tape over in his hand. He approached the woman and said, his tone respectful, "Your Highness. The transmission we received...", seemed younger every day, even as her responsibilities grew and grew.He held out his hand. Childlike fingers took the tape."What is it they've sent us?" he asked.Prince Leia Organa looked at him as if he'd placed another burden on her shoulders - another responsibility to add to a count of thousands - and she was proud to bear it."Hope," she said.Raymus believed her.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Mention but the word "divinity," and our sense of the divine is clouded.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We cannot turn back the clock and relive cherished pastimes. We move beyond our origins. A person must make their way in an evolving social, political, and economic world order. We must not be too quick writing off the influence of our prior experiences, because the long tentacles the past remain vibrant strands within us. While the past does not cast our future in stone, its durable mold shapes our present. The ingrained strumming of our personal histories, sentimental or otherwise, also portents what might come along in our future.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't run around looking for someone who can sexually satisfy you, run around and look for the book which will intellectually satisfy you.
Lars Peter Hansen|I don't think I was funny until college. I lived with some Harvard MD/PhD students - they were so smart, and what I contributed to the house was, I was the funny one.
Debasish Mridha|THoughts have unique beauties, you will never be able to express it in words.
James Wan|I use myself as the barometer to gauge what is scary. I like to think if something scares me, then there's a very good chance an audience will feel the same way.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|What I want is to be needed. What I need is to be indispensable to somebody. Who I need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. Somebody addicted to me. A mutual addiction.
James Iha|Every company that made computers when we started the Mac, they're all gone.
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|No matter how old you are, there’s no cozier feeling than to have your mom take care of you.
Chelsea M. Cameron, My Favorite Mistake|You're not untrustworthy, you're not cold and you're not a bitch. You have... issues. I get that. We all have issues. But once I realized you were lying to me, I began to understand why. You think you never gave yourself away with me. You think you have time to backpedal and pretend nothing happened between us, because that way if anything ever happens to me, you can tell yourself you don't care, and you don't feel the pain.
Pramukh Swami Maharaj|In the joy of others, lies our own.
Sai Marie Johnson, Simply Scarlet|From now until eternity meets its end, you will walk by faith and not by sight...
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most people do not mind dying, as long as that does not happen today.
Charlotte Bunch|My Cape women are generally true to type - big hearted, motherly women who love the sea. My other characters, with the exception of the Portuguese, who I occasionally mention as Cape dwellers, are obviously drawn from the city types one sees in everyday life.
Orlando Bloom|If you are a reader of 'Harper's Bazaar,' to me, you are a woman who loves fashion, but not just fashion; you love fashion, you love travel, you love art, you love music.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Open your mind. See the world in all its splendid color. Truly look at the uniqueness of the people around you and cherish the nuances. Before you make judgments of others and their lifestyles, always remember that there are a million ways to live and love and be loved, and no one way is right or wrong.
John Titor Foundation, John Titor A Time Traveler's Tale|Time isn’t a line or a circle or any 2-D object, Aisling had written. It’s more like you’re standing inside of a sphere of constantly flowing energy. When you find that center, you can reach out and touch any part of your life.
Warren W. Wiersbe|Left to itself, a heart will run riot with sin. But if a heart responds to the ministry of the Word, there can be fruit and beauty.
Anne Killigrew|I willingly accept Cassandra's fateTo speak the truth, although believed too late.
Steve Jobs|So if I design it and then go away, it's still living somewhere and it still exists by itself without me.
Bruce Springsteen|When I was 13, I had my first job with my dad carrying shingles up to the roof. And then I got a job washing dishes at a restaurant. And then I got a job in a grocery store deli. And then I got a job in a factory sweeping Cheerio dust off the ground.
Kristen Stewart|Before movies, memory unspooled differently in the mind, trailing off in dust-blasted fade-out rather than spliced-together flashback; before photography, memory rippled like a reflection on water's surface, less precise but more profoundly true.
Benjamin Franklin|Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.
Dan Gable|In contrast, fear societies are societies in which dissent is banned.
Mehmet Murat ildan|At last, I came to the Lost Dog's Home which my map told me marked teh turnoff to Shelly Beach.You could hear some of the dogs barking, calling out for their owners to come and get them away from there...I hated going to those places because I always wanted to take all the dogs home or let them go free, even though I knew most of them would go straight out and be hit by a car or starve to death. I sometimes wished I could have a place where I could take those dogs and let them live. The Phantom had this sanctuary called Eden and all the animals there lived together, even tigers and baby deer, because they'd never learned it's kill or be killed. The maneaters ate fish out of the lagoon and the island was protected by the Bandar poison pygmies and by the piranha fish in the lagoon. I would have liked there to be such a place for pets who had been dumped of abandoned. They could feed the owners to the piranha.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|To the militant, identity is everything.
Thomas  Moore, Care of the Soul: A Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|We need people in our lives with whom we can be as open as possible. To have real conversations with people may seem like such a simple, obvious suggestion, but it involves courage and risk.
Lester Holt|A large amount of constant activity will get things going. For example, training in the morning will have everything, all the juices flowing by the time you actually get to work. So, when you're at work, you've been already up for an hour or so or two hours, and you're raring to go where everyone else is still wiping sleep out of their eyes.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|Lincoln bore down or anything he handled, mastering both the details and the principles.
|Your journey might seem very long and hard, but bear in mind that sooner or later your struggles would become the past, and your rewards would become the present.
Karsten Knight, Wildefire|The thing is, if you're an ugly goon when you're 15, you're an ugly goon for the rest of your life — until the day you die. You're always a goon, even if lots of years go by, even if you get married and have a kid, even if you're more successful than you ever thought you'd be in your wildest dreams. You're still that same goon who everybody laughed at. It never changes.
Nelson Mandela|If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner. -Nelson Mandela, activist, South African president, Nobel Peace Prize (b. 1918)
Joyce Rachelle|As a child, I was very careful not to erase my mother's writing on the chalkboard because I would miss her.
John M Sheehan|Pushing and passing to find my way to you my Lord, holding you in my prayers is feeling you and to feel you is to lose all fear
Auliq Ice|Don’t you find it striking? The personality is constantly dying and it feels like continuity. Meanwhile, we panic about death, which we cannot ever experience. Yet it is this illogical fear that motivates our lives. We gore each other and mutilate ourselves for victory and fame, as if these might swindle mortality and extend us somehow. Then, as death bears down, we agonize over how little we have achieved.
Idries Shah, Reflections|None should say : 'I can trust,' or 'I cannot trust' until he is a master of the option, of trusting or not trusting.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|For after all, the best thing one can do when it is raining is let it rain.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|Distance was a dangerous thing, she knew. Distance changed people.
Kait Ballenger, Midnight Hunter|She pointed a finger at him. "Smart men don't comment on a woman's eating habits, regardless of how many brownies she can shove in her mouth at one time."	He laughed. "In that case, I guess I'm not as smart as you think I am.
Carolyn Spring, Living with the Reality of Dissociative Identity Disorder: Campaigning Voices|But my thoughts were more like poisons. I had so many, they made me sick.
Ratan Tata|People are getting more active and living healthier in San Antonio, whether it's walking, cycling, or using our parks. We now have concrete evidence that our investments are paying off and positively impacting the health of our families and the overall quality of life in San Antonio.
Inspiracreatiflife|When you walk into your memories, you are opening a door to the past; the road within has many branches, and the route is different every time.
Steve Jobs|Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward. They may be beaten, but they may start a winning game.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|That, in my opinion, was the most diabolical aspect of those old-time big brains: They would tell their owners, in effect, 'Here is a crazy thing we could actually do, probably, but we would never do it, of course. It's just fun to think about.' And then, as though in trances, the people would really do it--have slaves fight each other to death in the Colosseum, or burn people alive in the public square for holding opinions which were locally unpopular, or build factories whose only purpose was to kill people in industrial quantities, or to blow up whole cities, and on and on.
Kid Rock|Many are observing Ferguson and witnessing the anger, demonstrations, looting and vandalism and calling for quiet. But quiet isn't enough. The absence of noise isn't the presence of justice - and we must demand justice in Ferguson and the other 'Fergusons' around America.
John Steinbeck|Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.
Michael Schenker|Every music - except dance music, which is for dancing, I suppose - is for the spirit of the human being, and not for the body.
James M. Lang, Cheating Lessons: Learning from Academic Dishonesty|You will be doing your students a much greater service by reducing the amount of material that you are covering and actually ensuring that students are learning it, rather than making sure that you are ticking off everyone checkpoint in your ideal syllabus. Learning comes from practice, and you have to help and teach your students to practice just as you help and team them the basic knowledge and skills of your discipline.
Douglas Rushkoff|Before computers, telephone lines and television connect us, we all share the same air, the same oceans, the same mountains and rivers. We are all equally responsible for protecting them.
Tsunetomo Yamamoto|Meditation on inevitable death should be performed daily. Every day when one’s body and mind are at peace, one should meditate upon being ripped apart by arrows, rifles, spears and swords, being carried away by surging waves, being thrown into the midst of a great fire, being struck by lightning, being shaken to death by a great earthquake, falling from thousand-foot cliffs, dying of disease or committing seppuku at the death of one’s master. And every day without fail one should consider himself as dead
Winston Graham, Ross Poldark|Lord, please protect me from Your people.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|But if I make an observation, what is to determine which state I am in? This means that someone else has to observe me to collapse my wave function.
Albert Payson Terhune|Soon or late, every dog's master's memory becomes a graveyard; peopled by wistful little furry ghosts that creep back unbidden, at times, to a semblance of their olden lives.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|If I have forfeited the ability to wonder so as not to offend the tenets of the culture, and if I have sacrificed warm dreams on the cold altar of conformity, it is likely because I have somewhere traded the marvel of the infinite for the malaise of the finite.
Nawal El Saadawi|Even at age 10, I already knew that I was different from most people. My anxiety disorder was still years from being diagnosed, but it affected me quite deeply. I was too afraid to speak out in class, too nervous to make real friends.
Jada Pinkett Smith|On campuses, where Liberal softies still rule with an iron fist, feminism is as safe as a city with no women drivers. That is the only thing I support about Saudi Arabia, by the way.
Alexander Strauch, Leading with Love|Always have a book to read, instead of indulging in vain conversation. Strive to learn English....Remember this, that you cannot commit some loved sin in private, and perform the work of the ministry in public, with facility and acceptance.
D.J. MacHale, The Black|Damon Scares me,' Maggie said. 'Maybe you should do what he wants.''Can't.''Why not?''Because he killed me. That kind of pisses me off
Amit Kalantri|And oft the blessed time foretellsWhen all men shall be free;And musical, as silver bells,Their falling chains shall be.
Dr. Dre|It is not the style of clothes one wears, neither the kind of automobile one drives, nor the amount of money one has in the bank, that counts. These mean nothing. It is simply service that measures success.
Judith-Victoria Douglas, Ariel's Cottage|I live precariously through my characters - so I want them to be loved passionately, live vibrantly, love unconditionally. Make friends they would die for - Explore unimaginable possibilities from all warps of life. And to never forget those that held their hands when life got scary. Wiped their tears away after a broken heart. Helped them back on their feet when others let them down. I want my characters to have family and friends - just like mine :)
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|He was Death, and he'd ridden in on a pale horse...
Dianne Feinstein|A film like 'Good Night And Good Luck,' you make that for $7 million because you know it's a black-and-white film, and it's not an easy sell. If you make it for $7 million, then everybody can have a chance to make a little bit of money, and you get to make the film you want to make.
Ashleigh Z., Louisiana Sky|With a heavy heart, I pulled out my own pocket knife, and carved three little words beneath Archer’s. A plea and a wish, in a form I could never take back. Return to me.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I should have learned mindfulness, and it’s too late now because it’s no good learning it when you’re already in crisis: you have to start when things are good. But only the very, very oddest would think, Hey, my life is perfect. I know! I’ll sit and waste twenty minutes Observing My Thoughts without Judgement.
Steven Wright|There is a different future that is available to North Korea, if they choose differently.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|If sex were food, Rhage would haven been morbidly obese.
Julia Quinn, What Happens in London|It’s absolutely stupid that we live without an ozone layer. We have men, we’ve got rockets, we’ve got saran wrap – FIX IT!!!
E. Mellyberry, I Won't Break|People say that scars are the sign of victory; the winning marks against what broke them. But how about the wound that never heals? What would that make you? A winner, a loser, a survivor?
Randy Newman|In the 1950s, the average person saw science as something that solved problems. With the advent of nuclear weapons and pollution, the idealistic aura around scientific research has been replaced by cynicism.
George Steiner|when a language dies, a way of understanding the world dies with it, a way of looking at the world. 
Iris Murdoch, The Bell|I know how much you grieve over those who are under your care: those you try to help and fail, those you cannot help. Have faith in God and remember that He will is His own way and in His own time complete what we so poorly attempt. Often we do not achieve for others the good that we intend but achieve something, something that goes on from our effort. Good is an overflow. Where we generously and sincerely intend it, we are engaged in a work of creation which may be mysterious even to ourselves - and because it is mysterious we may be afraid of it. But this should not make us draw back. God can always show us, if we will, a higher and a better way; and we can only learn to love by loving. Remember that all our failures are ultimately failures in love. Imperfect love must not be condemned and rejected but made perfect. The way is always forward, never back.
Ernie Banks|If we depend for our happiness on another, on society or on environment, they become essential to us; we cling to them, and any alteration of these we violently oppose because we depend upon them for our psychological security and comfort.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|She points to where he went and looks to the neutral Baumen. “He—he did that to me on purpose! He’s insane. Literally, insane!”The munchkin just shrugs. “Welcome aboard!” and returns unconcerned to his work.
Dalai Lama XIV|The creatures that inhabit this earth--be they human beings or animals--are here to contribute, each in its own particular way, to the beauty and prosperity of the world.
Ron Currie Jr., Flimsy Little Plastic Miracles|I don't think most people would like my personality. There might be a few -- very few, I would imagine- who are impressed by it, but rarely would anyone like it.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|I was born to make mistakes, not to be perfect.
Kevin O'Leary|Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent - not with how things are but with how they might be - in short, with design.
Alan C. Martin, Tank Girl|He gathered enthusiasm when he thought of the goal, and not the means by which he had accomplished it.
RVM|Life has taught me that money is important, but it's not everything. For, if I have all the money in the world, but no time to enjoy, of what use is it?
Maya Angelou|Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Henri Matisse|... my early writing was a silent fury - at what or whom, I had no idea - but I shut it in until it burned my bones and now, I've let it out...
Debasish Mridha|When I try to make other people happy, I become happy.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|St. Paul said it is better to marry than to burn, but my mother taught me it is better to burn than to marry.
Debi Mazar|I was born with an extremely negative attitude. I was the kid who wouldn't smile in Christmas photos, was a poor sport, and hated a lot of things. I eventually grew out of my negativity when I matured.
Laura     Miller, Butterfly Weeds|It was Will who broke the silence. "Very well. You have me alone in the corrider-""Yes, yes," said Tessa impatiently,"and thousands of women all over England would pay handsomely for the privilege of such an opportunity. Can we put aside the display of your wit for a moment? This is important.
Travis Bradberry|I think America is in trouble, but it's not beyond repair. But it's going to take leadership who sees the greatness of this country and who believes that, once again, we can be one nation under God.
Ruchi Sanghvi|A world community can exist only with world communication, which means something more than extensive short-wave facilities scattered; about the globe. It means common understanding, a common tradition, common ideas, and common ideals.
B.H. Liddell Hart, The Revolution in Warfare|Your highest patriotism today is to respect the memory of those who have died in the uniform of their country by vowing that it will never happen again. The basest treason is to permit yourself to shamefully and cowardly follow the false patriots into another war, one surely bringing in its wake even greater disasters for our beloved America than any before.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|When God does not answer His children according to the letter, He does so according to the spirit. If thou askest for coarse meal, wilt thou be angered because He gives thee the finest flour? If thou seekest bodily health, shouldst thou complain if instead thereof He makes thy sickness turn to the healing of spiritual maladies?
Jean-Paul Sartre|He was free, free in every way, free to behave like a fool or a machine, free to accept, free to refuse, free to equivocate; to marry, to give up the game, to drag this death weight about with him for years to come. He could do what he liked, no one had the right to advise him, there would be for him no Good or Evil unless he thought them into being.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|They may not know each other to say it, but it was never hidden. How much ever they hated each other, fate ties them together.
Ryszard Legutko, Triumf czÅ‚owieka pospolitego|In vain will the world seek for equality until it has seen all men through the eyes of faith. Faith teaches that all men, however poor, or ignorant, or crippled, however maimed, ugly, or degraded they may be, all bear within themselves the image of God, and have been bought by the precious blood of Jesus Christ. As this truth is forgotten, men are valued only because of what they can do, not because of what they are.
Goldie Hawn|So, you know that feeling just before you're gonna laugh? That thing when you get all bubbled up and there's this beautiful sort of... it's like a bubble of laughter but it hasn't come out yet? I said, that's the feeling I would say that... that's what God feel like. It's a feeling of joy and love and well-being.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Poems from the Book of Hours|No waiting the beyond, no peering toward it,but longing to degrade not even death;we shall learn earthliness, and serve its ends,to feel its hands about us like a friend's.
Christina Hoff Sommers|Stalin was the most audible and powerful spokesman in the campaign against what he contemptuously called uravnilovka (leveling). His hostility - voiced in sarcastic and dismissive terms - was so deep and so clearly enunciated that it rapidly became state policy and social doctrine. He believed in productive results, not through spontaneity or persuasion, but through force, hierarchy, reward, punishment, and above all differential wages. He applied this view to the whole of society. Stalin's anti-egalitarianism was not born of the five-year plan era. He was offended by the very notion and used contemptuous terms such as "fashionable leftists", "blockheads", "petty bourgeois nonsense" and "silly chatter," thus reducing the discussion to a sweeping dismissal of childish, unrealistic, and unserious promoters of equality. The toughness of the delivery evoked laughter of approval from his audience.
Kate Griffin, The Midnight Mayor|I know you think I should be home taking care of my family. That maybe I’d be distracted or I wouldn’t be as committed as the rest of you, but who’s more committed: the person with something to lose, or the people who’ve got nothing left?
Padmasree Warrior|When you live life connected to purpose, you don't have to chase opportunities, they come to you.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Being a team player will help you climb the ladder of success. Furthermore, a successful team player can rise to the level of team leader in the future.
Les Dawson|I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?
Bill Collins|I am a product of two worlds and each world has given me a reason to love, be kind and grow strong.
Kieran Revell, The Unstoppable Power Within: Imagine the Possibilities|I know I should be reassuring him that everything's all right, that he needn't worry, but I can't. Instead I'm talking to someone I don't know who isn't even there. Thank you, I'm saying. Thank you for Lucy, thank you for Claire and for Daniel, thank you for this cold and this blood and this pain. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Vince Lombardi|The American Dream is still alive out there, and hard work will get you there. You don't necessarily need to have an Ivy League education or to have millions of dollars startup money. It can be done with an idea, hard work and determination.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Self-confident people are mindful about spending their time, energy, and interests on things that truly matter.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you drop your beliefs, you drop your success. God's mighty people begin to fall even as achievers when they begin to drop the beliefs they pursue at first.
Yehuda Berg|There are big problems that change the world. If we are working together, that will make us understand each other, appreciate each other, help each other.
Fernando Torres|I don't smoke, don't drink much, and go to the gym five times a week. I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great. I can run a marathon, you know.
Verlyn Klinkenborg|I look at the books on my library shelves. They certainly seem dormant. But what if the characters are quietly rearranging themselves? What if Emma Woodhouse doesn’t learn from her mistakes? What if Tom Jones descends into a sodden life of poaching and outlawry? What if Eve resists Satan, remembering God’s injunction and Adam’s loving advice? I imagine all the characters bustling to get back into their places as they feel me taking the book down from the shelf. “Hurry,” they say, “he’ll expect to find us exactly where he left us, never mind how much his life has changed in the meantime.
Françoise Sagan, Dans un mois, dans un an|...she'll cry, and if she does, I probably will, and then she'll have found a way in, and I will not let her pierce my walls in a Trojan horse of sympathy.
Pat Chambers|The essence of leadership is not to portray yourself as some sort of know-it-all, but your ability to develop the people you are working with so they themselves can take the initiative and do the organizational drive.
Khalil Gibran|Marriage is almost as old as dirt, and it was defined in the garden between Adam and Eve. One man, one woman for life till death do you part. So I would never attempt to try to redefine marriage. And I don't think anyone else should either. So do I support the idea of gay marriage? No, I don't.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe|A man goes to a foreign country and kills somebody who's not aggressing against him; in a Hawaiian shirt he's a criminal, in a green costume he's a hero who gets a parade and a pension. So that, as a culture, we remain in a state of moral insanity. To point out these contradictions to people in society is to be labeled insane. This is how insane society remains, that anybody who points out logical opposites in the most essential human topic of ethics, is considered to be insane.
Emma Mildon, The Soul Searcher's Handbook: A Modern Girl's Guide to the New Age World|Spirituality is a universal currency. It is part of every religion, every faith, and every person. Everybody has a belief system.
Maurice Wilkins|I am suggesting here that organisms have a built-I capability of adapting to their environment. I am suggesting that to the extent that evolution occurs, it occurs at the level of the organism. This suggestion differs sharply from the thesis of the NDT, which holds that evolution occurs only at the level of the population. Organisms contain within themselves the information that enables them to develop a phenotype adaptive to a variety of environments. The adaptation can occur by a change in the genome through a genetic change triggered by the environment, or it can occur without any genetic change.
Deyth Banger|Please get off me, please, I don't wanna to have something with you" (Well said, by a woman (The Wolf of Wall Street) ), as far as I can see I really like how is made everything, unfortunately what happens is just incrediable from one point of a view. How business man, goes will go in jail for 20 years, his wife have fuck with some kind a Swedish man, who works for her husband,.. everyone should check out this film. That's how everything goes, that's what happens backstage!Anger and agressive stuff, that's the truth, don't run from it, what I saw isn't for first time, one stuff goes in silence then in shouting other go in shouting and in shouting. To have hot chick to have everything to get so devastated??It's fucking suicide, as for me!
Leo Tolstoy|My life came to a standstill. I could breathe, eat, drink and sleep, and I could not help doing these things; but there was no life, for there were no wishes the fulfilment of which I could consider reasonable. If I desired anything, I knew in advance that whether I satisfied my desire or not, nothing would come of it. Had a fairy come and offered to fulfil my desires I should not have known what to ask. If in moments of intoxication I felt something which, though not a wish, was a habit left by former wishes, in sober moments I knew this to be a delusion and that there was really nothing to wish for. I could not even wish to know the truth, for I guess of what it consisted. The truth was that life is meaningless.
Mark Ravenhill|The purpose of life is to fall in love, and never get caught.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Extreme anxiety, fear, exhaustion, and lack of other viable options are what cause a person to surrender everything. Desperation is also the raw material of drastic change. Crisis spurs critical, dramatic shifts in a person’s psyche. Only a person who is willing to lose everything will transform himself or herself. Only by moving outside our comfort zone of the past – letting go of a former being – will a person expand their state of conscious awareness. Now that I am desperate, I am dangerous. I am also ripe for transformation.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|As a mother you have thoughts. You get interrupted. You forget.You are distracted. Your thoughts and ideas become fragmented,diluted, or simply evaporate. You must have faith that you willagain have a thought. Creativity is the string uponwhich you hang the pearls of your identity,your authentic presence.—Suzi Banks Baum
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|I became convinced that I was being watched.Because self was still leaking everywhere, a part of me began to think it was Mizuko rather than a stranger. I hoped that there might still be a reunion. I hoped it in the shy, sly way hope comes out of the jar, the mistranslated box, last—after everything and everyone else has escaped.
Joan Cusack|I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
N.K.David|It is impossible for those that tried and kept trying to fail. How can they fail when they have not given up in the task?" N.K.David
Brigid Lowry, Guitar Highway Rose|But the truth is, it's not the idea, it's never the idea, it's always what you do wit
Leonard Cohen, Beautiful Losers|I've forgotten most of what I've read and, frankly, it never seemed very important to me or to the world.
P. J. O'Rourke|Congressional Republicans are dismantling the limited environmental protections initiated by Richard Nixon, who would be something of a dangerous radical in today's political scene.
Brandon Notch, Sacred Saint: American Dreamer|cadavers' intestines hanging like a parade streamers off the sides of tables, skulls bobbing in boiling pots, organs strewn on the floor being eaten by dogs.....
Vishwas Chavan|When you stop comparing yourself with others, you begin respecting your own uniqueness.
Renita D'Silva, Monsoon Memories|There’s a great drought in my village. People are dying. The price of rice and pulses has rocketed. There is no water anywhere. And here, people are complaining about the rain...
Vinod Pande|Was it a moment of indecision or was it a moment of redemption. Redemption long overdue and long unacknowledged? They didn’t know. He suddenly went at her mouth and she claimed it as if it was never supposed to be elsewhere. It was stormy. It was fierce. His manhood shafted through his loose night pajamas challenging her even beyond the thickness of her bath robe, which was cast aside in one unsparing sweep of his hand, revealing the quavering ripeness of her fulsome breasts. After a moment of awe, he went at them with unquenched ferocity.First he devoured her there itself, against the wall, on the carpet. Within moments their frenzied hands tore away each other’s underpants with unapologetic fury and then in one smooth motion of a dancer’s lucidity, he lifted her and like a great performer of an opera, placed her on the bed. The inviting altar of desire and passion and longing. Now as they claimed each other, there was unhurried fluidity in their motion. Tears of pain and love in their eyes. Ecstasy of carnal compatibility in their fusion. Symphony of sensuality in their strokes and when he finally exploded inside her, she had gone aflame with matching uncontrollability. It was a heavenly union which in one go had robbed them of their beings, their earth, their universe, their past, their present, their future. In one instant, they had undone what was done and had done what was ‘not done’.
Nutan Bajracharya|Better in Hell with me, than alone in Heaven.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|I ate them like salad, books were my sandwich for lunch, my tiffin and dinner and midnight munch. I tore out the pages, ate them with salt, doused them with relish, gnawed on the bindings, turned the chapters with my tongue! Books by the dozen, the score and the billion. I carried so many home I was hunchbacked for years. Philosophy, art history, politics, social science, the poem, the essay, the grandiose play, you name 'em, I ate 'em.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|With the gentle force of their words, the dogged warmth of their embrace, and the assuring touch of souls softly bared, mothers are silently shaping whole societies and authoring entire cultures that sit poised on the horizon of the future. And although we ignorantly relegate such roles to some lower caste status, we would be wise to understand that the role of a mother sets the cadence of the future.
James Russell Lowell, Anthology of American Literature, Volume 1: Colonial through Romantic|Sometimes or most of the times, we need to remind ourselves that we're not a KID anymore.
Julie Buxbaum, What to Say Next|we match,” I say, and as soon as the words are out I already know that tomorrow will come and I will remember this moment and wince. We match?? And so, even through this drunken haze, I feel relief when he doesn’t laugh at me. Instead he squeezes me a little tighter, brings me a tiny bit closer so my edges are against his edges, and it’s all warm. Our bodies fit. I secretly sniff him, and get rewarded with his fresh lemony scent
Lizzie K. Foley, Remarkable|It's one thing if your hobby is to put ships inside a bottle, but a deer in the headlights!... That's a real talent
GoodQuotes|Probably in a parallel universe not far from here, I'm working for Nintendo.
Sebastian Junger, War|Society can give its young men almost any job and they'll figure how to do it. They'll suffer for it and die for it and watch their friends die for it, but in the end, it will get done. That only means that society should be careful about what it asks for. ... Soldiers themselves are reluctant to evaluate the costs of war, but someone must. That evaluation, ongoing and unadulterated by politics, may be the one thing a country absolutely owes the soldiers who defend its borders.
Andrea Walker|In times of adversity Satan will seek to plant the thought in our minds that God is angry with us and is disciplining us out of wrath. Here is another instance when we need to preach the gospel to ourselves. It is the gospel that will reassure that the penalty for our sins has been paid, that God's justice has been fully satisfied. It is the gospel that supplies a good part of the armor of God with which we are to stand against the accusing attacks of the Devil (see Ephesians 6:13-17).
Gary Young, No Other Life|I would live forever if I could, but not like this.
Amby Burfoot|This isn't a drill, sir!""What d'you mean this isn't a drill?" It couldn't be! It wasn't possible. Things like that only happen in blockbuster sci-fi movies, not in real life!"It's not a drill, sir! This is the real thing! You'd better get up here right away sir! Sir? Sir!"But Commander Ortez was already on his way -- and he was running.When he eventually made his theatrical entrance on the bridge, nothing had happened yet. He wheezed."Well?" He appealed, ready for anything. After that, this had better not be a drill. Or else.
Lailah Gifty Akita|But God demonstrates His own love towards us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5:8
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|Sometimes even a "Yes" can be fatal for our Souls
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|Q: What is a fundamental mistake of man's?A: To think that he is alive, when he has merely fallen asleep in life's waiting-room.
John    Rogers, Local Money: What Difference Does It Make?|Maybe you care deeply about the environment or other global issues, or you feel strongly about your local region or community, but you just don't see how local money can help. I hope that this pamphlet will show you connections between what you care about and 'the money problem'.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|In the end, your past is not my past and your truth is not my truth and your solution - is not my solution.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|The Rusty Ruins were the remains of an old city, a hulking reminder of back when there'd been way too many people, and everyone was incredibly stupid. And ugly.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|When someone loves you for who you are (completely) without judgment, impossible conditions or pretense...your heart awakens, your soul comes alive, your senses are stimulated and you know true happiness.
Chester Elijah Branch, Lecture Notes|It seems ironic, expecting the unexpected, like she had fabricated pieces of her story to make it more interesting. Considering my boredom with the current version, I can't imagine the first draft.
James     Baldwin|He didn’t see a man with hopes and dreams, with disappointments and accomplishments. All he saw in front of him was just another nigger.
Sunday Adelaja|Goldie was a believer in the imperial project, which is to say, in the civilising power of social progress.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|If only you would go to the university," he said. "Only enlightened and holy people are interesting, it's only they who are wanted. The more of such people there are, the sooner the Kingdom of God will come on earth. Of your town then not one stone will be left, everything will he blown up from the foundations, everything will be changed as though by magic. And then there will be immense, magnificent houses here, wonderful gardens, marvellous fountains, remarkable people.... But that's not what matters most. What matters most is that the crowd, in our sense of the word, in the sense in which it exists now -- that evil will not exist then, because every man will believe and every man will know what he is living for and no one will seek moral support in the crowd. Dear Nadya, darling girl, go away! Show them all that you are sick of this stagnant, grey, sinful life. Prove it to yourself at least!
Doug E. Fresh|'Rabbi' means 'teacher,' and I see the role of chief rabbi as chief teacher.
Kelly Curry, Happily Ever Afton|Then his lips caress mine. It’s only a brush, but the warmth overheats every part of me. Leaning back, my elbow bumps into the power button on the dryer and the old appliance starts moving. Spinning. Spinning like my head. Like my heart.
Timothy Noah|There has never been, and there will never be, another human who will be more successful than the humble Teacher, Jesus Christ.
Darshana Suresh, Howling at the Moon|In life, you have to take the pace that love goes. You don’t force it. You just don’t force love, you don’t force falling in love, you don’t force being in love – you just become. I don’t know how to say that in English, but you just feel it.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|Seth turns to Laney and I. "Three months ago, I'm in Detroit protesting a free trade conference, right? Some pig shoves me, I go flying into another, next thing I know I'm on the ground with a Taser in my back. I get thrown in city jail, no money and one phone call. So I call Jake. You know what this fucker did? He dropped everything, drove up and bailed me out, no questions.""Like I could just leave you," Jake says. "You're too pretty. You're a delicate flower. They would've ripped you apart in there.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Silver Woods|Jonquil went by with a full plate of food, and Petunia reached out and tried to snag a small cream puff from it. Jonquil lifted it over Petunia's head before she could, and clucked her tongue. "These are for Lily," she said."Oh really?" Petunia gave her a look."And possibly some are for that Analousian duke Jacques invited," Jonquil said with a sparkle in her eye. "But none are for you." Then she flipped one to Oliver. "You can have one, my lord earl," she said, and twirled away."These are excellent," Oliver said, eating half of it in one bite. He fed Petunia the other half so she wouldn't get cream on her knitting. Oliver was just leaning in to steal a kiss - "I hope this means you're planning on marrying her, boy," barked King Gregor.Oliver leaped to his feet. "Sire! Yes! I mean ... I ... sire!""I didn't pardon you and restore your earldom so that you could loll around my gardens flirting with my daughters," King Gregor said. Then he bent down and gave Petunia a kiss on the cheek. "I like him," he whispered loudly in her ear."Me too," she whispered back, blushing.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you want a fried fish to fly and enter your mouth, you must keep waiting till the unending time ends. Dead fish doesn't fly. If you want to eat it, your own hands must carry it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|All is in a man's hands and he lets it all slip from cowardice, that's an axiom. It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of. Taking a new step, uttering a new word is what they fear most… .
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Girls do not dress for boys. They dress for themselves and, of course, each other. If girls dressed for boys they’d just walk around naked at all times.
Katherine Easer, Vicious Little Darlings|A few weeks ago I had a dream. I dreamed I was back at the house, in the red room, reading my microeconomics textbook. Maddy outside playing with Hope, and Agnes was preparing dinner. It was just like old times. I was elated. I knew all along that they weren't really dead. It was all just a terrible mistake. Maddy joined me in the library. Strangely, she didn't smell like anything. Not her usual crème brulee or green apples or candy. That's when I realized she was dead, though I didn't know I was dreaming. She apologized for everything and then proceeded to explain why things had turned out the way they had. Her story made complete sense. It was what I needed to hear. Finally I had an answer. Finally I could let go. And then she vanishedWhen I woke up, in a pool of sweat, I couldn't remember a thing Maddy had said.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Consider the fact that maybe…just maybe…beauty and worth aren’t found in a makeup bottle, or a salon-fresh hairstyle, or a fabulous outfit. Maybe our sparkle comes from somewhere deeper inside, somewhere so pure and authentic and REAL, it doesn’t need gloss or polish or glitter to shine.
Marcus Buckingham, First, Break All the Rules: What the World's Greatest Managers Do Differently|A baseball manager recognizes a nonphysical talent, hustle, as an essential gift of great players and great teams. It is the characteristic of running faster than necessary, moving sooner than necessary, trying harder than necessary. It is essential for great programming teams, too.
Sira Masetti|If you lose one battle, don’t give up. Get up again, you have a war to win.
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|While a common reaction to seeing a thing of beauty is to want to buy it, our real desire may be not so much to own what we find beautiful as to lay permanent claim to the inner qualities it embodies.Owning such an object may help us realise our ambition of absorbing the virtues to which it alludes, but we ought not to presume that those virtues will automatically or effortlessly begin to rub off on us through tenure. Endeavouring to purchase something we think beautiful may in fact be the most unimaginative way of dealing with the longing it excites in us, just as trying to sleep with someone may be the bluntest response to a feeling of love.What we seek, at the deepest level, is inwardly to resemble, rather than physically possess, the objects and places that touch us through their beauty.
Amit Kalantri|What I say is misdirection, what you see is an illusion and what results is magic.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|If desire causes suffering, it may be because we do not desire wisely, or that we are inexpert at obtaining what we desire. Instead of hiding our heads in a prayer cloth and building walls against temptation, why not get better at fulfilling desire? Salvation is for the feeble, that's what I think. I don't want salvation, I want life, all of life, the miserable as well as the superb. If the gods would tax ecstasy, then I shall pay; however, I shall protest their taxes at each opportunity, and if Woden or Shiva or Buddha or that Christian fellow--what's his name?--cannot respect that, then I'll accept their wrath. At least I will have tasted the banquet that they have spread before me on this rich, round planet, rather than recoiling from it like a toothless bunny. I cannot believe that the most delicious things were placed here merely to test us, to tempt us, to make it the more difficult for us to capture the grand prize: the safety of the void. To fashion of life such a petty game is unworthy of both men and gods.
Angela Monique Crudupt|Subjective truth is an oxymoron; objective truth is redundant. Subjective truth is feathers in a wind tunnel, blowing anywhere and everywhere. Objective truth is an anvil, bolted to the floor of the wind tunnel. Subjective truth is your truth and my truth; objective truth is Jesus Christ—immovable, immutable.
Maxwell Maltz, The New Psycho-Cybernetics: The Original Science of Self-Improvement and Success That Has Changed the Lives of 30 Million People|It is common knowledge among psychologists that most of us underrate ourselves, short-change ourselves, sell ourselves short. Actually, there is no such thing as a superiority complex. People who seem to have one are actually suffering from feelings of inferiority; their "superior" self is a fiction, a coverup, to hide from themselves and others their deep-down feelings of inferiority and insecurity.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Prowled Darkness|Time changed in an instant. One minute, you’re drinking a beer with your friends, talking about the increasingly scary storm outside; the next, you’re flying through the air with your body slamming into the nearest wall when lightning strikes. Or rather, when lightning strikes inside the room and hits you and six of your friends dead center.Eliana Sawyer’s life changed the moment she felt the energy of the gods ricochet through her body. The world as she knew it became grey, and the things that went bump in the night became all too real. The paranormal world wasn’t that of fiction anymore; now, she lived it. The way she saw the world, the way she saw life and fate changed. She couldn’t plan a future the same way she had. She couldn’t fall in love the way she’d thought to in the past.After the lightning strike, six of her friends had found out the hard way what happened when they fell in love with someone paranormal—they became paranormal themselves.Now, years later, here Eliana was—alone, all too human, and on the outside looking in.Of course, she wasn’t that alone anymore. She never would be again. While her friends had fallen for angels, demons, dragons, and wolves, she’d fallen for a mere human. A human that had taken her heart and shattered it into a thousand pieces, all the while leaving her with nothing but an echo of what he had once been, what they had once been together.That wasn’t the only thing he’d left her with.He’d also left the life currently growing in her womb.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|I remember an answer which when quite young I was prompted to make to a valued adviser who was wont to importune me with the dear old doctrines of the church. On my saying, What have I to do with the sacredness of traditions, if I live wholly from within? my friend suggested--'But these impulses may be from below, not from above.' I replied, 'They do not seem to me to be such; but if I am the devil's child, I will live them from the devil.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|And then I wondered if as soon as he came to like me he would sink into ordinariness, and if as soon as he came to love me I would find fault after fault, the way I did with Buddy Willard and the boys before him.... The last thing I wanted was infinite security and to be the place an arrow shoots from. I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the coloured arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.
Sunday Adelaja|God is faithful, He will fulfill His word
Erich Neumann, The Fear of the Feminine and Other Essays on Feminine Psychology|There is no religion and no philosophy that can give us a comprehensive answer to the whole of our problems, and the abandonment and isolation of the individual who is given no answer, or only inadequate answers, to his question lead to a situation in which more and more cheap, obvious solutions and answers are sought and provided. As, everywhere and in all departments of life, there are contradictory schools and parties, and an equal number of contradictory answers, one of the most frequent reactions is that modern man ceases to ask questions and takes refuge in a conception that considers only the most obvious, superficial aspects, and becomes skeptical, nihilistic, and egocentric. Or, alternatively, he tries to solve all his problems by plunging headlong into a collective situation and a collective conviction, and seeks to redeem himself in this way.
Heather Westhoven|I will be successful. May be not right away, but some day for sure.
Michael Reisman, Simon Bloom, The Gravity Keeper|Curiosity is a good thing, like onion soup. But too much onion soup makes your breath smell terrible. And too much curiosity can make your whole body smell terrible, if it causes you to be dead. 
Dave Eggers|I've always been scared of advertising folk. I've met them at parties and I've been to their offices and I've always found them intimidatingly cool. At one company I visited, they held their meetings in a caravan that had somehow been installed in the place, a rather more exotic place to gather than the typical BBC glass box.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Remember, Little Ones, everything is not important all the time. Only living is important all the time. Not things. Not money. Not more things and more endless money. Spend well the quality of your time. And yes, be greedy with your hours. If only to then give those hours away as the most precious gifts you have to offer to yourself, your family, and your friends.
Roger Ebert|Gene [Siskel] often mentioned something François Truffaut once told him: the most beautiful sight in a movie theater is to walk down to the front, turn around, and look at the light from the screen reflected on the upturned faces of the members of the audience.
John Ringo, A Hymn Before Battle|With him I couldn’t be anything but myself and that scared the crap out of me, because I had never existed like that before.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|Some people spend their whole lives in a fantasy world, and that’s not a good thing!
Russell Hoban, The Lion of Boaz-Jachin and Jachin-Boaz|Who can know anybody?' said the bookshop owner. 'Every person is like thousands of books. New, reprinting, in stock, out of stock, fiction, non-fiction, poetry, rubbish. The lot. Different every day. One's lucky to be able to put his hand on the one that's wanted, let alone know it.
Sergei Eisenstein, The Battleship Potemkin|It's tough, man. Unless it's a tentpole, sequel, remake, or over-the-top comedy, that's all the studios are even doing. They've kind of admitted they're not in the business of doing anything else. The slightest level of irony or intelligence and, boom, you're out of the league, you're done.
Christina Rasmussen|You can do the impossible, because you have been through the unthinkable.
Marty Rubin|My teachers told me: Question everything; take nothing for granted. I question nothing, I take everything for granted.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|The Smile for some is an expression of joy, but for others it's a whole world of hope.
Jorge Amado|He owned a whole world full of memories, of lovely moments relived and happy recollections. I'm not saying he was happy or that he didn't suffer. He suffered very much, but he did not despair; he still drew nourishment from what he had been given. But the sadness never left him. Happiness needs more than memories of the past to feed on; it also needs dreams of the future.
Katherine Reay, Dear Mr. Knightley|How can I not believe that there is a God who exists and loves, when the people before me are infused with that love and pour it out daily?
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|We are all ghosts," Morris Klapper said at last. "We are conceived in a moment of death and born out of ghost wombs, and we play in the streets with other little ghosts, chanting ghost-rhymes and scratching to become real. We are told that life is full of goals and that, although it is sadly necessary to fight, you can at least choose your war. But we learn that for ghosts there can only be one battle: to become real. A few of us make it, thus encouraging other ghosts to believe it can be done.
Molly Harper, The Care and Feeding of Stray Vampires|Vampires used to be the Dracula types, but in the last ten years most of them have become weak, brooding androgynes that only go after teenagers. A friend of mine took the opportunity to rid his whole city of them after the forth Mormon Vamps book hit and the sparkle meme was at its strongest.""So does that make Ms. Mormon Sparkle Vamp a hero?""Of a sort. Before they started to sparkle, there were a lot of vamps who were tortured antiheroes, thanks to Rice and Whedon."Ree grimaced. "Do you know if she was clued in?"Eastwood shrugged. "She's very secretive, no one in the Underground has been able to say for sure. It's all rumor. My guess is she lost someone to a vampire and decided the greatest revenge she could inflict was to turn them into a laughing stock.
Akshay Vasu|And she called him a stranger. Whose name still echoed in her mind like a war cry. Who had seen each bit of her naked soul and knew how scarred her soul is. Whose reflection still stood, smiling at her every time she stood in front of the mirror.
Max Lucado, Max on Life: Answers and Insights to Your Most Important Questions|We see a hearse; we think sorrow. We see a grave; we think despair. We hear of a death; we think of a loss. Not so in heaven. When heaven sees a breathless body, it sees the vacated cocoon & the liberated butterfly.
Muhammad Asad|Jesus, the son of Mary, peace be upon them, was accustomed to say, "O my God, surely I have entered into the morning unable to neither forestall what I fear nor hasten what I hope for. The whole affair is in another’s hand. I have arisen bound to my deeds. There is no one poorer than me. Do not make me the cause of my enemies being cursed, nor make me the reason any harm should come to a friend. Do not place tribulation in my spiritual path, nor empower anyone over me who shows me no mercy.""Walk on Water: The Wisdom of Jesus"From Traditional Arabic sources, translated by Shaykh Hamza Yusuf.
Alexis M. Smith, Marrow Island|A fire needs three things: a dry bed, fuel, and room to breathe.
Ted Bell|I'm more frightened than interested by artificial intelligence - in fact, perhaps fright and interest are not far away from one another. Things can become real in your mind, you can be tricked, and you believe things you wouldn't ordinarily. A world run by automatons doesn't seem completely unrealistic any more. It's a bit chilling.
Katie Kiesler, Because I Love You|If [we] have a good, miserable day once in a while, or several in a row, stand steady and face them. Things will straighten out. There is great purpose in our struggle in life.
Thomas Hardy|I know women are taught by other women that they must never admit the full truth to a man. But the highest form of affection is based on full sincerity on both sides. Not being men, these women don't know that in looking back on those he has had tender relations with, a man's heart returns closest to her who was the soul of truth in her conduct. The better class of man, even if caught by airy affectations of dodging and parrying, is not retained by them. A Nemesis attends the woman who plays the game of elusiveness too often, in the utter contempt for her that, sooner or later, her old admirers feel; under which they allow her to go unlamented to her grave.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|There are two levels of vampirism: one is the regular vampire, which is just like it has always been; and then there's the super vampires, which are a new breed we've created.
Parker Blue, Bite Me|What are you?” he demanded. “A slayer?" I rolled my eyes. “The name's Val, not Buffy. Do I look like a blond cheerleader with questionable taste in men?
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|The names they gave were false ones, though the vows they made were true.
Peter Enns, The Sin of Certainty: Why God Desires Our Trust More Than Our "Correct" Beliefs|The Sermon on the Mount seems dangerous. It challenges the whole underlying conception on which modern society is built. It would replace it by a new conception, animate it with a new motive, and turn it toward a new goal.
Paul karan|These people all fling themselves at me. Because I am uneasy and sad they all fling themselves at me larger than life. But I can put my arm up to avoid the impact and they slide gently to the ground. Individualists, completely wrapped up in themselves, thank God. It's the extrovert, prancing around, dying for a bit of fun - that's the person you've got to be wary of.
Dean Koontz, Tick Tock|Everyone thinks his family is strange," Del said, scratching Scootie behind the ears, "but it's just that... because we're closer to the people we love, we tend to see them through a magnifying glass, through a thicker lens of emotion, and we exaggerate their eccentricities.
Sharon Biggs Waller, A Mad, Wicked Folly|Without any warning, tears filled my eyes. No one had ever given me such a kind and thoughtful gift before. I pictured Will going into the shop, looking over the books, and then discovering the very one he knew I would love. I even pictured him watching as the clerk wrapped the volume in brown paper. I wondered if the clerk had tied the green bow on it or if Will had gone into a notion shop and chosen it himself. These were all small things, but kindness was built of small things.
Virginia Woolf, Night and Day|She would not have cared to confess how infinitely she preferred the exactitude, the star-like impersonality, of figures to the confusion, agitation, and vagueness of the finest prose.
Florenz Ziegfeld|When everything else physical and mental seems to diminish, the appreciation of beauty is on the increase.
James A. Garfield|If you don't keep moving, you'll never get anywhere.
Marilynne Robinson|This generation - it's almost a religious thing now. The millennium, the end days, no need to be responsible anymore to the future. A burden has been lifted from them. The Baby Jesus is managing the portfolio of earthly affairs, and nobody begrudges Him the carried interest...
Ashleigh Brilliant|According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|Thought and language are to the artist instruments of an art.Vice and virtue are the artist’s materials for an art. From the point of view of form, the type of all the arts is the art of the musician. From the point of view of feelings, the actor’s craft is the type. All art is at once surface and symbol. Those who go beneath the surface do so at their peril.Those who read the symbol do so at their peril. It is the spectators, and not life, that art really mirrors.
Sia|I have an ambivalent relationship with Margaret Thatcher. She came to power in May 1979 - a month before my 11th birthday. I was far too young to have developed a great deal of political awareness. I remember it, though - my mother excited at the dinner table because Britain had its first female prime minister.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|Perhaps one of the most powerful things the contemporary church could do is to confess our sins to the world, the humbly get on our knees and repent for the terrible things we have done in the name of God.
Bethany Griffin, Masque of the Red Death|Across that threshold I had been afraid to cross, things suddenly seemed so very simple. There was but a single vision, God, who was all in all; there was but one will that directed all things, God's will. I had only to see it, to discern it in every circumstance in which I found myself, and let myself be ruled by it. God is in all things, sustains all things, directs all things. To discern this in every situation and circumstance, to see His will in all things, was to accept each circumstance and situation and let oneself be borne along in perfect confidence and trust. Nothing could separate me from Him, because He was in all things. No danger could threaten me, no fear could shake me, except the fear of losing sight of Him. The future, hidden as it was, was hidden in His will and therefore acceptable to me no matter what it might bring. The past, with all its failures, was not forgotten; it remained to remind me of the weakness of human nature and the folly of putting any faith in self. But it no longer depressed me. I looked no longer to self to guide me, relied on it no longer in any way, so it could not again fail me. By renouncing, finally and completely, all control of my life and future destiny, I was relieved as a consequence of all responsibility. I was freed thereby from anxiety and worry, from every tension, and could float serenely upon the tide of God's sustaining providence in perfect peace of soul.
Andrea Cremer, Invisibility|Maybe it's better this way-that we keep our darknesses close, hidden in our minds, protected by our hearts.
Slavoj Žižek|I think boredom is the beginning of every authentic act. (...) Boredom opens up the space, for new engagements. Without boredom, no creativity. If you are not bored, you just stupidly enjoy the situation in which you are.
Debasish Mridha|Don't try to touch the love, it may burn, just try feel it with your heart.
John Corey Whaley, Where Things Come Back|Not only had my brother disappeared, but--and bear with me here--a part of my very being had gone with him. Stories about us could, from them on, be told from only one perspective. Memories could be told but not shared.
Sunday Adelaja|If a person seeks after the knowledge of God, he will certainly be a conqueror.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Shamrocks And roses In an ever green flock Now Up to your noses Turning into a high stock! People nice and seen All around you green! These lucky streams Realizing major dreams. In strives, when in pain Call oh call up my name, Know it isn't in vain...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Too much study leads to worn out,
Erin McCarthy, Hot Finish|Then don't. I can't help you. They say that women dream of danger to those in their care and men of danger to themselves. But I don't dream at all. You say you can't? Then don't do it. That's all. Because I am done with my own whorish heart and I have been for a long time. You talk about taking a stand but there is no stand to take. My heart was ripped out of me the night he was born so don't ask for sorrow now. There is none. Maybe you'll be good at this. I doubt it, but who knows. The one thing I can tell you is that you won't survive for yourself. I know because I would have never have come this far. A person who had no one would be well advised to cobble together some passable ghost. Breathe it into being and coax it along with words of love. Offer it each phantom crumb and sheild it from harm with your body. As for me my only hope is for eternal nothingness and I hope it with all my heart.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|At age 43, when I decided to run again, I realized that the images used to describe runners didn't fit me. I wasn't a rabbit. I wasn't a gazelle or a cheetah or any of the other animals that run fast and free. But I wasn't a turtle or a snail either. I wasn't content anymore to move slowly through my life and hide in my shell when I was scared.I was a round little man with a heavy heart but a hopeful spirit. I didn't really run, or even jog. I waddled. I was a Penguin. This was the image that fit. Emperor-proud, I stand tallto face the elements of my life. Yes, I am round. Yes, I am slow. Yes, I run as thought my legs are tied together at the knees. But I am running. And that is all that matters.
Walter Kirn|No one's going to be able to operate without a grounding in the basic sciences. Language would be helpful, although English is becoming increasingly international. And travel. You have to have a global attitude.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics & Orthodoxy|Morality did not begin by one man saying to another, "I will not hit you if you do not hit me"; there is no trace of such a transaction. There IS a trace of both men having said, "We must not hit each other in the holy place.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Your value and self-worth is not found in your former lover, not in the loving words of they spoke, not in the gentle ways that they held you, not in the sweetness of their kiss; but found in the love that you have for yourself.
David Brooks|We all would like to know more and, at the same time, to receive less information. In fact, the problem of a worker in today's knowledge industry is not the scarcity of information but its excess. The same holds for professionals: just think of a physician or an executive, constantly bombarded by information that is at best irrelevant. In order to learn anything we need time. And to make time we must use information filters allowing us to ignore most of the information aimed at us. We must ignore much to learn a little.
Avital Ronell|Now, what if Others were encapsulated in Things, in a way that Being towards Things were not ontologically severable, in Heidegger's terms, from Being towards Others? What if the mode of Dasein of Others were to dwell in Things, and so forth? In the same light, then, what if the Thing were a Dublette of the Self, and not what is called the Other? Or more radically still, what if the Self were in some fundamental way becoming a Xerox copy, a duplicate, of the Thing in its assumed essence?
Haritha Velpureddy|Human endurance fascinates me, probably too much because more often than not, I think of life in terms of enduring instead of living.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I don't have what it takes to inspire someone to become a "worldly" musician or rapper! I can't use the power God gave me yesterday to work against the Kingdom God set up many years ago!
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|I do not know about you. But, I prefer a life spent making mistakes than a life making none.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|By the way, you have a fine ass. Sir.
Saga Valsalan|Love always flows. When we hinder it's path, it gets flooded, destroys everything around it.
Leonardo da Vinci|Our individual lives cannot, generally, be works of art unless the social order is also.
Winston Churchill|An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
Amit Kalantri|Every child gets a good mother, but not every mother gets a good child.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Soul-to-soul contact sweeps through, like a tsunami, leaving in its wake just this: unconditional surrender and overwhelming gentleness.
Phoef Sutton, Fifteen Minutes to Live|Does 'submissive' mean 'baby' in your language, Master Mason? Because I'll have you know ----...."No, but Dominant does mean lover, caretaker, disciplinarian, and whatever else the situation warrants.
James Elroy Flecker|O friend unseen, unborn, unknown,Student of our sweet English tongue,Read out my words at night, alone:I was a poet, I was young.Since I can never see your face,And never shake you by the hand,I send my soul through time and spaceTo greet you. You will understand.
Emanuel Swedenborg, Heaven and Hell|... love is something you do; something not just to be said, but also to be shown. Let your love flow through your actions.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|Then he pulled out a handgun and shot me in the chest. I was standing on the lawn and I fell. The bullet hole opened wide and my heart rolled out of my rib cage and down into a flower bed. Blood gushed rhythmically from my open wound,then from my eyes,my ears,my mouth.It tasted like salt and failure. The bright red shame of being unloved soaked the grass in front of our house, the bricks of the path, the steps of the porch. My heart spasmed among the peonies like a trout.
Gwenda Bond, Double Down|We dropped our hands, both embarrassed by the sincerity of the moment. But I was learning, Sometimes you had to put it all out there, no matter how hard it felt to do so. When the people in your life were worth it, so was the risk.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Before you rush off trying to see everything you can, educate yourself.
Melina Marchetta, Froi of the Exiles|Lucian was beginning to get used to hearing her small observations at night. More than anything, he realized he liked her voice in the dark. It made him feel less lonely.
Mary Jane Walker, A Maverick Traveller|Being a maverick traveller, one would like to place oneself in the place of a local; just listen without judgement.
Lynette Willows|Beautiful people are blessed by god and those who love them.Beautiful people are loved by everyone.Beautiful people love and Forgive.Beautiful people don't Sin by heart.Beautiful people are beautiful from within.I am Beautiful, Strong and Proud Forever..!
Maya Angelou|Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|We must not confuse dissent with disloyalty. When the loyal opposition dies, I think the soul of America dies with it.
John Marsden, Everything I Know About Writing|Light is important to us humans. It influences our moods, our perceptions, our energy levels. A face glimpsed among trees, dappled by the shadows and the green-tinged light reflected from the forest, will seem quite different to the same face seen on a beach in hard, dry, sunlight, or in a darkening room at twilight, with the shadows of a venetian blind striped across it like a convict’s uniform.
Tool|This body, this body holding me. Be my reminder here that I am not alone in this body, this body holding me. Feeling eternal. All this pain is an illusion.
Jennifer DeLucy|All that you have been is but a small part, a very mere bit of the potential of your life.
James Miller|Such a principled disregard of ad hominem evidence is a characteristically modern prejudice of professional philosophers. For most Greek and Roman thinkers from Plato to Augustine, theorizing was but one mode of living life philosophically. To Socrates and the countless classical philosophers who tried to follow in his footsteps, the primary point was not to ratify a certain set of propositions (even when the ability to define terms and analyze arguments was a constitutive component of a school's teaching), but rather to explore 'the kind of person, the sort of self' that one could elaborate as a result of taking the quest for wisdom seriously.
Alison Croggon, The Naming|You have a great heart, but will only find it to be so through great pain. This is the wisdom of love, and its doubtful gift. . . . I have endured much suffering and still remain unbitter and unclosed.
Christopher Hitchens, Ancient Gonzo Wisdom: Interviews with Hunter S. Thompson|Detroit is just like everywhere else, only more so--a lot more so.
Nelson Mandela|Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|No matter how much youcare about someone,you can’t take responsibilityfor their happiness.
Jose A. Aviles, Peer Mentorship in High School: A Comprehensive Guide to Implementing a Successful Peer Mentorship Program in Your School|It became my mission to work with young people to help show them the way, not save them! But help them understand that there are choices that can be made that will make the difference for the rest of their lives.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Perhaps the most striking feature of the west European Upper Palaeolithic, one on which many writers comment, is a sharp increase in the rate of change. Compared with the preceding Middle Palaeolithic, a great deal happened in a comparatively short time.
Norman Fischer, Sailing Home: Using the Wisdom of Homer's Odyssey to Navigate Life's Perils and Pitfalls|In a Zen retreat we have a format for working with these quicksilver changes: we sit with them, we pay attention to them... Being steady with mindfulness as an anchor for all the changes we go through is the way we practice forbearance. And you can employ this same method anywhere anytime: just pay close attention to the details of what is going on internally and externally. Don't flinch, don't run away. Trust what happens. Take your stand there." (71)
RVM|If we can be Glad .........But we choose to be Sad, we are MAD! ! !- RVM
Kitt Weagant, Each Day a New Beginning: Daily Meditations for Women|If a player won’t shoulder responsibility, he won’t work on his weaknesses, which means he won’t improve. He’ll be constantly on the prowl for a fall guy or a scapegoat, and his teammates becomes epidemic.
Ali Smith|Unfortunately we find systems of education today that have departed so far from the plain truth that they now teach us to be proud of what we know and ashamed of ignorance. This is doubly corrupt. It is corrupt not only because pride is in itself a mortal sin, but also because to teach pride in knowledge is to put an effective barrier against any advance upon what is already known, since it makes one ashamed to look beyond the bounds imposed by one’s ignorance.To any person prepared to enter with respect into the realm of this great and universal ignorance, the secrets of being will eventually unfold, and they will do so in a measure according to his freedom from natural and indoctrinated shame in his respect of their revelation.
Elyse Draper, Ladies and Gentlemen of Horror 2013|Strange, how in all those apocalyptic movies, when their society breaks down into lawlessness and anarchy, Canada is always the haven of safety, the place people want to escape to.
Bernard Crick, Democracy: A Very Short Introduction|It was not, however, to these Fascist groups, numerically unimportant as they were, that the Third Republic owed its collapse. On the contrary, the plain, if paradoxical, truth is that their influence was never so slight as at the moment when the collapse actually took place. What made France fall was the fact that she had no more true Dreyfusards, no one who believed that democracy and freedom, equality and justice could any longer be defended or realized under the republic.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, I don’t need a fairytale.I need you to tell me the truth. Master of Stupidity: It is not funny if you just found it. No drama if no lost at first.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Ii do not walk with alienation everywhere I go in the world. I have been to small taverns in rural Ohio, big city bars, San Francisco bath houses, and in all these have felt welcome and happy. But walking through that sunglassed throng, I felt like a Martian. I didn't hate the feeling - indeed, being a black woman in the academy, it wasn't new to me - but it was interesting. I kept wondering: where is the performance? When will the performance start? Is this the performance - me walking through this space without sunglasses with all these Nordic quasi-hipster white people in multi-colored, motorcycle cop sunglasses?
Eric Metaxas, Miracles: What They Are, Why They Happen, and How They Can Change Your Life|If we are talking about a loving God, we are talking about a God who asks us to trust him, whether we get what we ask for or don’t. But he will never force us to trust him. That is entirely up to us. We have free will and we can accept his love or reject it, or claim it doesn’t exist at all. We can trust him or distrust him as we like. But if he really and truly is the God of the Bible, who loves me with an unchanging and self-sacrificial love (agape), then I really and truly can trust him in all circumstances, which is tremendously freeing. In fact, I can go one step further than trusting him. To use a biblical phrase, I can rejoice in him. But is only possible if we really do know that God has our best interests at heart at all times. Of course, we have to decide on our own whether we believe that. But if we come to see that, that is true and do allow ourselves to believe it, we are precisely where he created us to be: in his loving hands.
Marianna Olszewski|Each one of us holds the promise of greatness within our heart, minds, and souls. Our potential and where it leads us are as unique as our fingerprints, yet the way to access what is possible is universal. Affirm your life; find joy every day, even in the mundane; and embrace your strengths and use them better yourself and the world.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|The wise learn from their own mistakes, the smart from others mistake, but the great learn from others people's success. What are you?
Fritz Leiber|Honey, you worry too much. Nothing is going to happen, I mean come on, you’re in the house of Mr. Hausefalle, the guru of home security! You’re probably safer over there than here."- House Trap, ch. 4: A Grave Mistake.
Elizabeth Garbee|...and if this samskara has taught me anything, it's that only when you've opened your heart to the love that already surrounds you can you begin to see it elsewhere
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Words could be quite enough for magic to occur, when the night was warm enough and the moon waxing.
Albert Einstein|When you trip over love, it is easy to get up. But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again.
Richie Norton|If you want control, loosen your grip. You're strangling your employees. Letting go is actually holding on.
Mena Suvari|There's sadness to anyone that dies before their time, and specifically ones that seem to affect people in a positive way. It doesn't matter if it's Whitney Houston or a nameless, faceless person on the street. That's just as big of a tragedy for me.
Patrick Rothfuss|If you fall, you fall," Elodin shrugged. "Sometimes falling teaches us things too." In dreams you often fall before you wake.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey: An unusual free verse poetry collection|Identity is not the face,Identity is not the trait,Neither is it the success pace,Nor is it the personality grace.Let alone it being your cliché phrase,Or did you think,It’s some religious faith?My child, it’s alarming that it’s none,It’s even not tongue,Then how can it be, what problems you have overcomeAnd the person you have become!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When the way is not clear, there is absolutely no way. "Wrong choices" are unarguably "no choices".
Patricia C. Wrede, Dealing with Dragons|Then they gave me a loaf of bread and told me to walk through the forest and give some to anyone who asked. I did exactly what they told me, and the second beggar-woman was a fairy in disguise, but instead of saying that whenever I spoke, diamonds and roses would drop from my mouth, she said that since I was so kind, I would never have any problems with my teeth.”“Really? Did it work?”“Well, I haven’t had a toothache since I met her.”“I’d much rather have good teeth than have diamonds and roses drop out of my mouth whenever I said something
Loretta Girzaitis|If someone listens, or stretches out a hand, or whispers a kind word of encouragement, or attempts to understand a lonely person, extraordinary things begin to happen.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|When Millennials face turmoil, they don’t just need answers from God, they need God.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|We have responsibilities for others, not just across space but across time. We have responsibilities to people who came before us. They left us a world of institutions, ideas or possibilities for which we, in turn, owe them something. One of the things we owe them is not to squander them.
R.A. Salvatore, Sojourn|There is a wide world out there, full of pain, but filled with joy as well. The former keeps you on the path of growth and the latter makes the journey tolerable.
Kate Atkinson|Numinous," Ursula said, breaking the silence eventually. "There's a spark of the divine in the world -- not God, er'er done with God, but something. Is it love? Not silly romantic love, but something more profound...""I think it's perhaps something we don't have a name for," Teddy said. "We want to name everything. Perhaps that's where we've gone wrong.""'And whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.' Having dominion over everything has been a terrible curse."Afterwards -- because it turned out there was an afterwards for Teddy -- he resolved that he would try always to be kind. It was the best he could do. It was all that he could do. And it might be love, after all.
Nathaniel Branden|While self-esteem touches virtually every aspect of our existence, there are two aspects to which it is related in very distinct and powerful ways: work and love. Through work and through love, we act out the level of our confidence and our sense of personal worth. The drama of our life is the external reflection of our internal vision of ourselves. The higher the level of our self-esteem, the more likely it is that we will find a work and a love through which we can express ourselves in satisfying and enriching ways.
Mother Angelica|I learned so much from 'Iron Chef' about ingredients, about the courage to put yourself out there.
W.N.P. Barbellion|Suffering does not only insulate. It drops its victim in an ocean desert where he sees men as distant ships passing. I not only feel alone, but very far away from you all.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You feed the requisite substance through personal development efforts and position yourself strategically to allow the forces around you to create the path for your relevance and significance. You are not lifted by air, but by the substance inside you hitting the springboard of opportunity.
CrimethInc., Days of War, Nights of Love: Crimethink for Beginners|Liberty is not an end, but a means. Whoever mistakes it for an end does not know what to do once he attains it.
Debasish Mridha|You should always be thankful and express gratitude for your love, beauty, family, and everything in your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With much prayer, more grace abounds for every good work.
Chuck Norris|You may not know your complete family history, but the reality is everyone has something, and as you get older, you start to worry about these things more. Health is not sort of like a 6-month project. Health is a lifetime accumulation of behaviors.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|It is often very useful for others to think you less intelligent than you are," Benedict said, his tone amused. "It works particularly well against those who aren't as intelligent as you in the first place.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|Cat doesn’t have to work. She’s a woman of independent means. I settled enough money on her to allow her the freedom to do anything she wished. She went to boarding school for four years, and stayed to teach for another two. Eventually she came to me and said she’d accepted a position as a governess for the Hathaway family. I believe you were in France with Win at the time. Cat went for the interview, Cam and Amelia liked her, Beatrix and Poppy clearly needed her, and no one seemed inclined to question her lack of experience.”“Of course not,” Leo said acidly. “My family would never bother with something so insignificant as job experience. I’m sure they started the interview by asking what her favorite color was.
Lord Byron|But an old age serene and bright, and lovely as a Lapland night, shall lead thee to thy grave.
Akshay Vasu|Your memories are like the air I breathe. I don't have to keep checking on it every now and then to make sure whether I am doing it or not. It happens all by itself. But the moment I try to stop it and hold it back forcefully, I start craving for it more and before I could even know I will be fighting to get more of it so that I could survive.
Dew Platt, Failure&solitude|To be communal is to be something fallacious. It is to be something more or less than being, a subjugation or propagation of the self to exist within the external condition.
Jerry Spinelli|From early morning to late at night, it's such an interesting life, and I'm healthy and free, and that's not so easy with a family.
Eileen Anglin|No problem is trivial to the angels. They want to help you with problems big and small. You are worthy and you are loved. And bottom line, is your problem is important to you, it's important to them.
Jimi Hendrix|Change brings opportunities. On the other hand, change can be confusing.
Saul Bellow, The Adventures of Augie March|If you know you need to take some kind of risk, then get your relationship with God strong and go for it. You will never know what you could have or experience in life unless you try. God made you an original. That means you are really special, and He has a really special plan for your life. You may have to risk something that currently feels secure in order to go after that plan, but with God's help, you may end up in an awesome situation if you'll just take the chance.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|This woman was consuming him, bit by bit. She was becoming the reason and the reward of his existence, and if he did not shield himself, everything he did not have to give would belong to her.
Anthony T. Hincks|A president should be approachable; understanding of people's problems and needs; he should be fair and equitable; he should listen with an open mind and a closed mouth; he shouldn't make a decision without all the facts and above all else, he must be honest to the people.Anything else and he shouldn't be president.
Anonymous|The perishableness of life...imparts value, dignity, interest to life.
Mariah Carey|Young men, trust God, and make the future bright with blessing. Old men, trust God, and magnify him for all the mercies of the past.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|What do you think my chances might be of finding a soul mate in the group of you? I'll be lucky if I can just find someone who'll be able to stand me for the rest of our lives. What if I've already sent her home because I was relying on some sort of spark I didn't feel? What if she's waiting to leave me at the first sign of adversity? What if I don't find anyone at all? What do I do then, America?
A.A. Milne, When We Were Very Young|If you were a bird, and lived on high,You'd lean on the wind when the wind came by,You'd say to the wind when it took you away:"That's where I wanted to go today!
Debasish Mridha|You are not a human being living your life, but you are a spiritual being longing for life.
Jori Nunes, Chocolate Flowers|So, a word to all you Femin-Idi-Amins: Stop “liberating” moms by trying tomake them join the workforce. They’re already doing the job that God putthem here to do: Everything.
Alan Bradley, Speaking from Among the Bones|I did not elaborate, nor did I need to. The human imagination is capable of anything when left on its own to fill in the blanks.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Most of the time, we see only what we want to see, or what others tell us to see, instead of really investigate to see what is really there. We embrace illusions only because we are presented with the illusion that they are embraced by the majority. When in truth, they only become popular because they are pounded at us by the media with such an intensity and high level of repetition that its mere force disguises lies and truths. And like obedient schoolchildren, we do not question their validity and swallow everything up like medicine. Why? Because since the earliest days of our youth, we have been conditioned to accept that the direction of the herd, and authority anywhere — is always right.
Anthony T. Hincks|Our Sun is not Earth’s true “mother.” Although many peoples of Earth have worshipped the Sun as a god that gave birth to Earth, this is only partially correct. Although Earth was originally created from the Sun (as part of the ecliptic plane of debris and dust that circulated around the Sun 4.5 billion years ago), our Sun is barely hot enough to fuse hydrogen to helium.This means that our true “mother” sun was actually an unnamed star or collection of stars that died billions of years ago in a supernova, which then seeded nearby nebulae with the higher elements beyond iron that make up our body. Literally, our bodies are made of stardust, from stars that died billions of years ago.
Benazir Bhutto|The European wars of religion were more deadly than the First World War, proportionally speaking, and in the range of the Second World War in Europe. The Inquisition, the persecution of heretics and infidels and witches, they racked up pretty high death tolls.
Jared Alexander|Falling in love... how could he have made such light of it? Sneered even. As if it was trivial for us, a frill, a whim. It was, on the contrary, heavy going. It was the central thing, the way you understood yourself.
Robert B. Reich|We are born, we grow up, we live our lives as best we can. If we are thoughtful we are good parents and good partners. If we are wise we strive for integrity and intimacy. If we are fortunate we discover love and joy. If we are able, we make the world a little better than we found it. That is all there is for any of us.
The Sinking of the Titanic and Great Sea Disasters|To get a lot money, it's a lot of shit you sacrifice.
Eddie Vedder|This is our history - from the Transcontinental Railroad to the Hoover Dam, to the dredging of our ports and building of our most historic bridges - our American ancestors prioritized growth and investment in our nation's infrastructure.
kamil Toume|She actually said with an emotion that she seldom let appear, "Let me come with you," and he laughed. He meant yes or no - either perhaps. But it was not his meaning - it was the odd chuckle he gave, as if he had said, Throw yourself over the cliff if you like, I don't care. He turned on her cheek the heat of love, its horror, its cruelty, its unscrupulosity. It scorched her...
William Barrett, Irrational Man: A Study in Existential Philosophy|This capacity for living easily and familiarly at an extraordinary level of abstraction is the source of modern man's power. With it he has transformed the planet, annihilated space, and trebled the world's population. But it is also a power which has, like everything human, its negative side, in the desolating sense of rootlessness, vacuity, and the lack of concrete feeling that assails modern man in his moments of real anxiety.
Albert Brooks|It's usually a big kind of vent of frustration or anger or sadness that puts me in the right frame of mind to write. It's such a cliche to say that artists write when they're down, but it's true for me. It's a relief to get out what's eating away at my heart or my soul or my head.
Buzz Aldrin|Space architectures capable of supporting a permanent human presence on Mars are extraordinarily complex, with many different interdependent systems.
Maureen Johnson, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|... We are Nephilim; we fight our own battles." "That's not precisely true, is it?" said a velvety voice. It was Magnus Bane, wearing a long and glittering coat, multiple hoops in his ears, and a roguish expression. Clary had no idea where he'd come from. "You lot have used the help of warlocks on more than one occasion in the past, and paid handsomely for it too." Malachi scowled. "I don't remember the Clave inviting you into the Glass City, Magnus Bane." "They didn't," Magnus said. "Your wards are down." "Really?" the Consul's voice dripped sarcasm. "I hadn't noticed." Magnus looked concerned. "That's terrible. Someone should have told you." He glanced at Luke. "Tell him the wards are down.
Brom|Magic?" What did magic have to do with breaking into someone's store and stealing their stuff?"Don't you get it?" Peter said. "You're free now. You don't have to live by their rules anymore." Peter pointed into the inky blackness of the basement. "The darkness is calling. A little danger, a little risk. Feel your heart race, listen to it. That's the sound of being alive. It's your time, Nick. Your one chance to have fun before it's all stolen by them, the adults, with their cruelty and endless rules, their can't-do-this, and can't-do-that's, their have-tos, and better-dos, their little boxes and cages all designed to break your spirit, to kill your magic.
Jessie J|In spite of the huge diversity in Malaysia in terms of religion, culture, race, ethnicity and so forth, we've really gone very far in developing this country.
Bill Flores|A lot of these guys come up and say, 'Man, you were my influence, the way you thrashed the drums.' They don't seem to understand I was thrashing in order to hear what I was playing. It was anger, not enjoyment - and painful.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|If you want to appear more confident—speak slowly, articulately, clearly, and deliberately. Communicating with clarity will not only help you build more confidence in yourself, but it will inspire respect from others.
Mohammed Hanif, Our Lady of Alice Bhatti|WHAT ARE THE CONSEQUENCES when we go against our instincts? What are the consequences of not speaking out? What are the consequences of guilt, shame, and doubt?
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Walking is a virtue, tourism is a deadly sin.
Sean Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens: The Ultimate Teenage Success Guide|I like how Mother Teresa put it: "Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, in your eyes, in your smile." If you approach life this way, always looking for ways to build instead of to tear down, you'll be amazed at how much happiness you can give to others and find for yourself
George Gordon Byron, Childe Harold's Pilgrimage|There exist words of mediocrity, songs of mediocrity, and life lessons of mediocrity. Advice of mediocrity, books of mediocrity and companions of mediocrity are also available.One may also meet songs of purpose that can make us ponder to wonder and advice filled with authority to dare in life. We may also hear life lessons that can challenge and change us. What do you listen to? If what you listen to will not make you, it will mar you.
Kenneth E. Hagin, The Believer's Authority|We receive the authority when we are born again. As we are made new creatures in Christ Jesus, we inherit the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and we can use it in prayer against the enemy.
Charlotte Eriksson|I haven’t been very impressed lately.By people,or places,or the way someone said he loved me and then slowly changed his mind.
Samuel Johnson|During a very busy life I have often been asked  "How did you manage to it all?" The answer is very simple: it is because I did everything promptly.
Artur Davis|If I had learned more about business ahead of time, I would have been shaped into believing that it was only about finances and quality management.
John Bloomfield Jervis|If you fail to plan, you plan to fail
Warren Ellis, Gun Machine|The elevator doors opened to reveal a very large man brandishing a bloodstained antique phone receiver in a plastic bag and proclaiming, "I found this up him!""You know," said Tallow, "I really have no response to that.
Jacques Prévert|Adrijene, nemoj da se duriš!Vrati se!U redu grešila samduge godine nisam se vracala kuci,ali sam ti uvek krilada je to zato što sam bila u zatvoru!Grešila sam priznajemcesto sam tukla psa,ali sam te volela!Adrijene, nemoj da se duriš!Vrati se!
Ruthanna Emrys, Winter Tide|If magic violates the fundamental laws of nature, they clearly weren't all that fundamental.
Cailee Francis, A Cascade of Moments|Secundus might lie rotting in his grave, but his relatives and followers yet lived. They believed the lies that held Gwenwhyfar responsible for the death of their relative. For the sake of his own family’s safety, Marcus had not sought to correct that error.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|We never truly "get over" a loss, but we can move forward and evolve from it.
George Pólya, How to Solve It: A New Aspect of Mathematical Method|The world is in sore need of good listeners. And in our own lives, it’s amazing to recognize just how valuable listening can be for us. How many mistakes have you made because you didn’t listen well? Personally, I’ve made many—and I’ve missed out on some wonderful opportunities because I was more interested in sharing what I had to say than I was in listening to what someone else had to say.
Harry Blamires, The Devil's Hunting Grounds|Others are not born bad or good... and neither are people, by the way.
Rebecca McKinsey, Sydney West|My point is this — you don't know. When I was first here, people looked at my hair, noticed apples on my tray, and thought 'hippie.' Then, from 'hippie' they thought 'druggie.' From there it went to 'will get me in trouble' and 'not worth my time,' and then they stopped thinking at all. No one bothered to find out if what they thought about me was true. No one wanted to hear what I thought. No one cared what I believed in. No one cared about talking to me or asking what my plans were for the day or night. And then came you. Don't let what you think you know make him into what I could have been. Don't become someone who doesn't think, just because you don't like him for some reason. Because, quite frankly, I like how you think. Except for now, of course.
Jez Morrow, Force of Law|Tom leaned in and spoke in a low, confidential voice, "Sir. You have a little something..." He lifted his forefinger surreptitiously to his own upper lip. Harrison brought his hand to his mustache to brush something off it, his eyes questioning. "What is it?""Carpet remnant?" Tom suggested.
Stacy Reid, The Duke's Shotgun Wedding|This was now officially the most inane conversation in which Griff had ever been a participant—and that included a drunken debate with Del over ostrich racing.“The color isn’t too awful?” She twisted a fold of the skirt. “The draper called it ‘dewy petal,’ but your mother said the shade was more of a ‘frosted berry.’ What do you say?”“I’m a man, Simms. Unless we’re discussing nipples, I don’t see the value in these distinctions.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Don’t be deceived; who they say you are, is not who you become. You become who you think you are. You take the chair in your own programmings!
Ethel Barrymore|You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.
Ben van Berkel|I've always seen architecture as a healing art, not just as a beautification art.
Kristen Ciccarelli, The Last Namsara|You could die," she whispered. "Everything dies," he whispered back. "I'm afraid of so much more than dying.
Gordon Sinclair|When my young men began the killing, my heart was hurt.
Norton Juster|Ice skating is very difficult. It takes a lot of discipline and a lot of hard work. It's fun, but you are there on the ice every morning freezing and trying to do these moves and these tricks.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel|Propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue.
David L. Lloyd|In the future system, you will decide how your bodies look and feel, but only til then will you have the choice.
Samar Sudha|The subjects range from the pastoral (sniffing of the butt of a melon to tell if it's ripe. and almost romantically lush descriptions of lightening storms sweeping across fields on summer nights) to elaborations on the value of man's having a life of his own, apart from whatever life he has with his family, a private life that no one knows anything about, "a place he can be himself without concern of disappointment or rejection".
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Author points out in Woodrow Wilson the flipside of the positive we might call big picture vision. He observes that as college president Wilson resorted to the language of a national crusade when he met resistance in a local, academic issue.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|US Constitution is unconstitutional.” – Circuit Judges Alfred T. Goodwin and Stephen Reinhardt, Federal Appeals Court, San Francisco, 2002 (overturned)“US Constitution is unconstitutional.” – The United States Supreme Court, 2079
Leslie Austin, A Fox Called Woff|Another day without no rain, is another day of sorrow.And if it doesn't rain today, I hope it rains tomorrow.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|There are few things better than losing yourself in a book. And if you're lucky enough to have that adventure continue in a series, it's like chocolate ganache on the icing on the cake.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life is worthless.
Amanda Clark, Emma's Alpha|Emma felt a compulsion to run her hands through it. To step into his arms and never leave. Desire shot to her knickers and an aching throb began between her thighs Shit, I didn’t come here for this.
Anton Chekhov|For God's sake, have some self-respect and do not run off at the mouth if your brain is out to lunch.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|I know that you are wise. When you hear a true story, there is a part of you that responds to it regardless of art, regardless of evidence…You believe that the story is true, because you responded to it from that sense of truth deep within you. But that sense of truth does not respond to a story's factuality...[rather] to a story's causality - whether it faithfully shows the way the universe functions.
Mary Kate|The beauty of a morning glory, is that of its patient wait for the sun to rise in the morning!
Tahir Shah|Do you want to die, or do you want to die trying? Give up or give it a shot.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|If music is food for the soul, lessons are food for knowledge what feeds the heart..... Love
Finn Mackay, Radical Feminism: Feminist Activism in Movement|Forget the myths you have heard about radical feminism, for only some of them are true. Instead, prepare to think about why so many lies are told about this particular brand of feminism, how it acts as a scapegoat for all that is most threatening about our social movement and how any revolutionary movement for change could really ever be anything but threatening. These are the women you were warned about; you can be too.
Shannon Messenger|We tend to be unaware that stars rise and set at all. This is not entirelydue to our living in cities ablaze with electric lights which reflect back at us from our fumes, smoke, and artificial haze. When I discussed the stars with a well-known naturalist, I was surprised to learn that even a man such as he, who has spent his entire lifetime observing wildlife and nature, was totally unaware of the movements of the stars. And he is no prisoner of smog-bound cities. He had no inkling, for instance, that the Little Bear could serve as a reliable night clock as it revolves in tight circles around the Pole Star (and acts as a celestial hour-hand at half speed - that is, it takes 24 hours rather than 12 for a single revolution).I wondered what could be wrong. Our modern civilization does not ignorethe stars only because most of us can no longer see them. There are definitely deeper reasons. For even if we leave the sulphurous vapours of our Gomorrahs to venture into a natural landscape, the stars do not enter into any of our back-to-nature schemes. They simply have no place in our outlook any more. We look at them, our heads flung back in awe and wonder that they can existin such profusion. But that is as far as it goes, except for the poets. This is simply a 'gee whiz' reaction. The rise in interest in astrology today does not result in much actual star-gazing. And as for the space programme's impact on our view of the sky, many people will attentively follow the motions of a visible satellite against a backdrop of stars whose positions are absolutely meaningless to them. The ancient mythological figures sketched in the sky were taught us as children to be quaint 'shepherds' fantasies' unworthy of the attention of adult minds. We are interested in the satellite because we made it, but the stars are alien and untouched by human hands - therefore vapid. To such a level has our technological mania, like a bacterial solution in which we have been stewed from birth, reduced us.It is only the integral part of the landscape which can relate to the stars.Man has ceased to be that. He inhabits a world which is more and more his own fantasy. Farmers relate to the skies, as well as sailors, camel caravans,and aerial navigators. For theirs are all integral functions involving the fundamental principle - now all but forgotten - of orientation. But in analmost totally secular and artificial world, orientation is thought to be un- necessary. And the numbers of people in insane asylums or living at home doped on tranquilizers testifies to our aimless, drifting metaphysic. And to our having forgotten orientation either to seasons (except to turn on the air- conditioning if we sweat or the heating system if we shiver) or to direction (our one token acceptance of cosmic direction being the wearing of sun-glasses because the sun is 'over there').We have debased what was once the integral nature of life channelled by cosmic orientations - a wholeness - to the ennervated tepidity of skin sensations and retinal discomfort. Our interior body clocks, known as circadian rhythms, continue to operate inside us, but find no contact with the outside world.They therefore become ingrown and frustrated cycles which never interlock with our environment. We are causing ourselves to become meaningless body machines programmed to what looks, in its isolation, to be an arbitrary set of cycles. But by tearing ourselves from our context, like the still-beating heart ripped out of the body of an Aztec victim, we inevitably do violence to our psyches. I would call the new disease, with its side effect of 'alienation of the young', dementia temporalis.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|He wrote me a note to say we would create art together and we would make it, with or without the rest of the world.
James Martineau, Tides of the Spirit: Selections from the Writings of James Martineau|The scepticism which men affect towards their higher inspirations is often not an honest doubt, but a guilty negligence, and is a sign of narrow mind and defective wisdom.
|When positive attitudes meet with faith, courage, consistency and perseverance, miracles tend to happen.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Before you examine the body of a patient, be patient to learn his story. For once you learn his story, you will also come to know his body.
Haruki Murakami|I myself, as I’m writing, don’t know who did it. The readers and I are on the same ground. When I start to write a story, I don’t know the conclusion at all and I don’t know what’s going to happen next. If there is a murder case as the first thing, I don’t know who the killer is. I write the book because I would like to find out. If I know who the killer is, there’s no purpose to writing the story.
Chris Dee|I am not a fan of the magical quick fix in any fiction, including fantasy, scifi and comic books. Unless Dr. Who is involved, and then only because we get to use the phrase 'Timey-wimey wibbliness' which, I'm sure you'll agree, there are not enough occasions to drop into ordinary adult conversation.
Stephen Fry, The Hippopotamus|Nobody seems to understand that in such matters the tact and sympathy should come from the one who is about to die, not the poor bugger who has to take the news.
Michael Treanor|If I go a little over the top sometimes, don’t worry; That’s where all the sunshine is.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Joy is the goal of existence, and joy is not to be stumbled upon, but to be achieved, and the act of treason is to let its vision drown in the swamp of the moment’s torture.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|He was a boy, she was a girlCan I make it any more obviousHe was a punk, and she did ballet,What more can I sayHe wanted her,she wouldn't tell, but secretly she wanted him as well,All of her friends stuck up their nose,They didn't like his baggy clothesHe was a sk8er boi, she said see you later boy,he wasn't good enough for her
Lisa Kleypas, Blue-Eyed Devil|I had to admit the man looked amazing in jeans. The ancient denim clung lightly to his hips and followed the long lines of some remarkable thigh muscles. And although I made a point of not checking out his rear view, my peripheral vision was having a very good day.” ~ Haven Travis on Hardy Cates
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|If you lose someone, you feel a loss, then after a while you fill in the hole in your life and the loss gradually gets smaller and smaller and eventually goes away. There's a point to the pain. There's a reason and a direction.
Fulton J. Sheen, Fulton Sheen's Wartime Prayer Book|If we could only learn to look on evil as evil, whether it's clothed in filth or monotony or magnificence.
Jeffrey Gitomer|Introverts are more effective leaders of proactive employees. When you have a creative, energetic work force, an introvert is going to draw out that energy better.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|I start to follow her, and Alex grabs my hand."I'll find you," he says, watching me with the eyes I remember. "I won't let you go again."I don't trust myself to speak. Instead I nod, hoping that he understands me. He squeezes my hand."Go," he says.
David M. Felten and Jeff Procter-Murphy|If you haven’t been made uncomfortable by the teachings of Jesus, you probably haven’t understood them.
Michael  Metzler, Carpe College! Seize Your Whole College Experience|For this very short time in your life, and possibly never again, you will be given a very unique gift: a supremely rich environment with ample time, space, safety and people to explore whatever interests you intensely, to push yourself, to make mistakes and recover from them, and to live as deeply as you'd like in the hope of finding yourself or, at least, the beginnings of yourself.Such an opportunity may never present itself again. So, embrace it and.... Carpe College!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Open the curtains of your mind! If there is light outside, it will come in; if there is light inside, it will go out! Keep the curtains open!
Frank L. DeSilva, Tales of Love and LIght Here, Now, and All Ways|She was remembering His gaze, those deep pools of blue, crystalline in nature, peering deep into her soul. She remembered the first night she had looked into that darkness – no, into that light in his eyes – they were level and straight, kind and compassionate, without any ado, Her hands in His, offerings of comfort and concern for Her station, the concern she felt for those close to Her, each to their own heaven or hell, and the law of attraction began to build.
Amy McAuley, Violins of Autumn|I'm sure lovely girls such as yourselves need not worry about this"—Madame LaRoche begins, and I have a hunch we're about to be cautioned against something we enjoy
Unarine Ramaru|Failure for one is a source of creativity, build on it and a different story will puzzle itself.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|If you let fear dictate your decisions, you will live defensively, reactively, cautiously. Living by faith is playing offense with your life.
Ian Mckellen|I don't care about age very much. I think back to the old people I knew when I was growing up, and they always seemed larger than life.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|And what is I was only supposed to burn for a certain amount of time?" I whispered. "What if I was only meant to shine for a while?""Then you truly don't know what stars are meant to do."I looked at him in wonder."They are meant to give us hope in the face of infinity".
Nina Power|for the disproportionate fear that the statistically and historically minimal group of women who were both angry and had hairy legs have inculcated both in their detractors and in their wannabe-successors, we should salute them as often as possible
Ivica Dacic|I've always been a person with patience, and I don't like to force things.
Norman Cousins, Anatomy of an Illness: As Perceived by the Patient|Illness is always an interaction between [mind and body]. It can begin in the mind and affect the body, or it can begin in the body and affect the mind, both of which are served by the same bloodstream. Attempts to treat most mental diseases as though they were completely free of physical causes and attempts to treat most bodily diseases as though the mind were in no way involved must be considered archaic in the light of new evidence about the way the human body functions.
Elton Pope|You...are...a...fridge...with wings,' Fang ground out, punching an Eraser hard with every word. 'We're...freaking...ballet...dancers.
C.S. Lewis, Poems|When Adam ate the irrevocable apple, ThouSaw'st beyond death the resurrection of the dead
Angie Thomas, The Hate U Give|There are fundamentally two ways you can experience the police in America: as the people you call when there's a problem, the nice man in uniform who pats a toddler's head and has an easy smile for the old lady as she buys her coffee. For others, the police are the people who are called on them. They are the ominous knock on the door, the sudden flashlight in the face, the barked orders. Depending on who you are, the sight of an officer can produce either a warm sense of safety and contentment or a plummeting feeling of terror.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|You can deny him, he thought, watching his father across the table. You can hate him, love him, pity him, never speak to or look at him in the eye again, never deign even to be in his crabbed and bitter presence, but you're still stuck with the son of a bitch. One way or another he'll always be your daddy, not even all-powerful death was going to change that.
Jen Kirkman, I Can Barely Take Care of Myself: Tales From a Happy Life Without Kids|Credit Repair Companies feed off your frustrations, and your funds!!! - The Credit Repair Book: The Credit Repair Company's Secret Weapon.
Mohadesa Najumi|Need is what tears people apart. When you want someone, you never really need them. But as soon as you start need someone, they no longer want you.
H. Rider Haggard, Allan Quatermain|Women love the last blow as well as the last word, and when they fight for love they are pitiless as a wounded buffalo.
Dalai Lama|You can't have a university without having free speech, even though at times it makes us terribly uncomfortable. If students are not going to hear controversial ideas on college campuses, they're not going to hear them in America. I believe it's part of their education.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Stubbornness is a weapon.People tend to draw it out when a sensitive part of their identity is threatened—be it dignity, honor, pride, desires, etc. If loaded with righteous resolve, stubbornness can assist in overcoming obstacles and achieving great feats; however, more often than not it is loaded with anger, used as a means of destruction for both the possessor and those whom he turns his weapon upon. It is best utilized by wise individuals who are able to dispassionately perceive if their stubbornness will accomplish good, or if it should be put away and replaced by a humble substitute to spare the lives of everyone affected.
Clint Emerson, 100 Deadly Skills: Survival Edition: The SEAL Operative's Guide to Surviving in the Wild and Being Prepared for Any Disaster|If you don't have the physical conditioning necessary to get your self out of trouble, the skills in this book won't do you much good.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|When people support you when you have done something wrong. It doesnt mean you are right, but it means those people are promoting their hate , bad behavior or living their bad lives through you.
John Lahr|Identity is memory; when memory disappears, the self dissolves and love with it.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|They had an ordinary life, full of ordinary things-if love can ever be called that.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|You and a select few of your ancestors, including your mother, are special protectors of your realm, here on earth. You are here to keep balance between what is right and wrong, good and evil. You and you alone are the Keeper of a deadly sword, known as the Ferryman. You must learn to wield the Ferryman and protect your world from destruction.
Jo Brand|I'm not this callous clown walking around laughing at life all the time. I've had some serious, serious problems in my life. But I've come out with a smile.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus Christ spoke frankly to His disciples concerning the future . . .In unmistakable language He told them that discipleship means a life of self-denial, and the bearing of a cross.
Gary D. Schmidt, The Wednesday Wars|You can't just skip the boring parts.""Of course I can skip the boring parts.""How do you know they're boring if you don't read them?""I can tell.""Then you can't say you've read the whole play.""I think I can live a happy life, Meryl Lee, even if I don't read the boring parts of The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.""Who knows?" she said. "Maybe you can't.
Adriano Bulla, New Age Spirit|We have the resources to allow everybody to live with dignity,; we have the technology to do it; what we don't have is yet another excuse!
Elliot Mabeuse, The Moth's Song: And Other Stories|Tamlin let out a low snarl of approval, and I bit my bottom lip as he removed his pants, along with his undergarments, revealing the proud, thick length of him. My mouth went dry, and I dragged my gaze up his muscled torso, over the panes of his chest, and then—“Come here,” he growled, so roughly the words were barely discernable.I pushed back the blankets, revealing my already naked body, and he hissed.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Perhaps we just need little reminders from time to time that we are already dignified, deserving, worthy. Sometimes we don't feel that way because of the wounds and the scars we carry from the past or because of the uncertainty of the future. It is doubtful that we came to feel undeserving on our own. We were helped to feel unworthy. We were taught it in a thousand ways when we were little, and we learned our lessons well.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Mind of the Maker|It will be sent that, although the writer's love is verily a jealous love, it is a jealousy for and not of his creatures. He will tolerate no interference either with them or between them and himself.
Steve   Neal|Be informed, also, that this good and savoury Parish is the home of Hectors, Trapanners, Biters who all go under the general appelation of Rooks. Here are all the Jilts, Cracks, Prostitutes, Night-walkers, Whores, Linnen-lifters, who are like so many Jakes, Privies, Houses of Office, Ordures, Excrements, Easments and piles of Sir-reverence: the whores of Ratcliffe High-way smell of Tarpaulin and stinking Cod from their continuall Traffick with seamen's Breeches. There are other such wretched Objects about these ruined Lanes, all of them lamentable Instances of Vengeance. And it is not strange (as some think) how they will haunt the same Districts and will not leave off their Crimes until they are apprehended, for these Streets are their Theatre. Theft, Whoredom and Homicide peep out of the very Windows of their Souls; Lying, Perjury, Fraud, Impudence and Misery are stamped upon their very Countenances as now they walk within the Shaddowe of my Church.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|To brim with hope, to cultivate just one small kernel of faith, to sport a touch of confidence, and to have one’s innate material embedded with layers of feisty are all that makes for the plucky kind of courage that means anything in the end.
Emily Brontë|Then dawns the Invisible; the Unseen its truth reveals;My outward sense is gone, my inward essence feels:Its wings are almost free--its home, its harbour found,Measuring the gulph, it stoops and dares the final bound,"Oh I dreadful is the check--intense the agony--When the ear begins to hear, and the eye begins to see;When the pulse begins to throb, the brain to think again;The soul to feel the flesh, and the flesh to feel the chain.
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|For the Lord touched all parts of creation, and freed and undeceived them all from every deceit.
Shampa Sharma|Jealousy is a normal human emotion. When people act on that emotion, they then become a hater.
Jon Acuff, Start: Punch Fear in the Face, Escape Average and Do Work that Matters|In order to survive, I came up with a five-step secret to getting it all done. If you're busy too, feel free to use it:1. Admit that you can't possibly get it all done.
Erik Wecks, How to Manage Your Money When You Don't Have Any|Of what use is money, if not spent on charityOf what use is prayer, if it is not for someone elseOf what use is your body, if it not to help someone Of what use is your intellect, if it is not for teaching othersOf what use is your smile, if it does not light up others livesAndof what use is your life, if it is not to transform others' lives!
Robert Breeze, 2083|The point is as long as it doesn’t affect others in a negative manner then just do what you enjoy doing as often as possible, it’s simple. That philosophy should underpin society and it’s something that nanny states just don’t get – that life’s about enjoying yourself and if what you find enjoyable isn’t harming anyone else then it should be of no interest to the state
Homer|And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
Michael Dell|In many spheres of human endeavor, from science to business to education to economic policy, good decisions depend on good measurement.
Northrop Frye, The Well-Tempered Critic|What the critic as a teacher of language tries to teach is not an elegant accomplishment, but the means of conscious life. Literary education should lead not merely to the admiration of great literature, but to some possession of its power of utterance. The ultimate aim is an ethical and participating aim, not an aesthetic or contemplative one, even though the latter may be the means of achieving the former.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Far more often [than asking the question 'Is it true?'] they [children] have asked me: 'Was he good? Was he wicked?' That is, they were far more concerned to get the Right side and the Wrong side clear. For that is a question equally important in History and in Faerie.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|The rule: when energy, 'negative' as it may be, moves without resistance, it easily sublimates and becomes raw energy of power and presence; resistance to it makes it freeze in its current state. For this reason, morality not only does not help our sexuality develop but also forces it to stay as it is.
Bertrand Russell|Mothers, stay close to your daughters. Earn and deserve their love and respect. Be united with their father in the rearing of your children. Do nothing in your life to cause your daughters to stumble because of your example.
J. Michael Straczynski|Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today - but the core of science fiction, its essence has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all.
Henri Bergson|A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.
Amani Abbas|You must make the Journey along the road, nobody is able to do it for you!
Suzie Burke, Wholeness: My Healing Journey from Ritual Abuse|At cocktail parties, I played the part of a successful businessman's wife to perfection. I smiled, I made polite chit-chat, and I dressed the part. Denial and rationalization were two of my most effective tools in working my way through our social obligations. I believed that playing the roles of wife and mother were the least I could do to help support Tom's career.During the day, I was a puzzle with innumerable pieces. One piece made my family a nourishing breakfast. Another piece ferried the kids to school and to soccer practice. A third piece managed to trip to the grocery store. There was also a piece that wanted to sleep for eighteen hours a day and the piece that woke up shaking from yet another nightmare. And there was the piece that attended business functions and actually fooled people into thinking I might have something constructive to offer.I was a circus performer traversing the tightwire, and I could fall off into a vortex devoid of reality at any moment. There was, and had been for a very long time, an intense sense of despair. A self-deprecating voice inside told me I had no chance of getting better. I lived in an emotional black hole.p20-21, talking about dissociative identity disorder (formerly multiple personality disorder).
Kemi Sogunle|What breaks you down is not the amount of pressure you feel at one time, but it’s the way you perceive and handle it.
Michelle M. Pillow|Advice from a Romance Writer: Guys, make your woman feel pretty even on an 'off' day. Trust me, good things will come of it.
Matthew D. Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "New Year" For a kid, the ultimate source of confusion. They say it's a new year, but after the break, you realize you are still in the same class, with the same lousy people.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|Words, Natasha thinks, should behave more like units of measure. A meter is a meter is a meter. Words shouldn't be allowed to change meanings. Who decides that the meaning has changed, and when? Is there an in-between time when the word means both things? Or a time when the word doesn't mean anything at all?
Mark Twain|Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
Debasish Mridha|I never argue with a person; with love, I listen in deep silence.
Joel N. Ross, The Lost Compass|A spoken language is a body, a living creature, whose physiognomy is verbal and whose visceral functions are linguistic. And this creature's home is the inarticulate as well as the articulate.
Diane Kruger|The No. 1 best-selling Christmas album of all time is from Kenneth Bruce Gorelick, the Jewish smooth-jazz legend Kenny G. American Jews have always produced a lot of holiday music, just not Hanukkah music.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|[People] ask themselves, what is suitable for my position? What is usually done by persons of my station and percuniary circumstances? Or (worse still) what is usually done by persons of a station and circumstances superior to mine? I do not mean that they choose what is customary in preference to what suits their own inclinations. It does not occur to them to have any inclination, except for what is customary. Thus the mind itself is bowed to the yoke: even in what people do for pleasure, conformity is the first thing thought of; they like in crowds; they exercise choice only among things that are commonly done: peculiarity of taste, eccentricity of conduct, are shunned equally with crimes: until by dint of not following their own nature they have no nature to follow: their human capacities are withered and starved: they become incapable of any strong wishes or native pleasures, and are generally without either opinions or feelings of home growth, or properly their own.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|One thing, all things: move among and intermingle, without distinction. To live in this realization is to be without anxiety about non-perfection. To live in this faith is the road to non-duality, because the non-dual is one with the trusting mind.
Kate Wilhelm, Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang|There are ruins all over the world, testaments of the atrocities, and burial chambers of the lost souls. But the facts are always misinterpreted. History is inaccurate.
Andrea Lochen|I have no idea how long Quisser was gone from the table. My attention became fully absorbed by the other faces in the club and the deep anxiety they betrayed to me, an anxiety that was not of the natural, existential sort but one that was caused by peculiar concerns of an uncanny nature. What a season is upon us, these faces seemed to say. And no doubt their voices would have spoken directly of certain peculiar concerns had they not been intimidated into weird equivocations and double entendres by the fear of falling victim to the same kind of unnatural affliction that had made so much trouble in the mind of the art critic Stuart Quisser. Who would be next? What could a person say these days, or even think, without feeling the dread of repercussion from powerfully connected groups and individuals? I could almost hear their voices asking, "Why here, why now?" But of course they could have just as easily been asking, "Why not here, why not now?" It would not occur to this crowd that there were no special rules involved; it would not occur to them, even though they were a crowd of imaginative artists, that the whole thing was simply a matter of random, purposeless terror that converged upon a particular place at a particular time for no particular reason. On the other hand, it would also not have occurred to them that they might have wished it all upon themselves, that they might have had a hand in bringing certain powerful forces and connections into our district simply by wishing them to come. They might have wished and wished for an unnatural evil to fall upon them but, for a while at least, nothing happened. Then the wishing stopped, the old wishes were forgotten yet at the same time gathered in strength, distilling themselves into a potent formula (who can say!), until one day the terrible season began. Because had they really told the truth, this artistic crowd might also have expressed what a sense of meaning (although of a negative sort), not to mention the vigorous thrill (although of an excruciating type), this season of unnatural evil had brought to their lives.("Gas Station Carnivals")
Daniel D. Maurer, Sobriety: A Graphic Novel|At both school and at home, I lost myself in books.
Francis A. Schaeffer, How Should We Then Live? The Rise and Decline of Western Thought and Culture|For we, when we feel, evaporate: oh, webreathe ourselves out and away: from ember to ember,yielding us fainter fragrance.
Judith Ivory, Untie My Heart|Particularly nauseous were the blank expressionless faces of people in trains and omnibuses; they seemed no more my fellow-creatures than dead bodies would be, so that I did not dare to travel unless I was assured of being alone.
Jimmy Buffett|Forget that blind ambition, and learn to trust your intuition.
John le Carré, The Honourable Schoolboy|Some people are agents from birth, Monsignors -- he told them -- appointed to the work by the period of history, the place, and their own natural dispositions. In their cases, it was simply a question of who got to them first, Your Eminences: 'Whether it's us, whether it's the opposition, or whether it's the bloody missionaries.
Peter Diamandis|Yeah, yeah, yeah, time travel's a nightmare. Don't go down that path.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|Dreaming big is very easy, but the anticipation one feels when the dream is almost fulfilled, is unsettling. It is like starving for the cake which you can see on the table, but an unknown fear makes you feel sick and prevents you from taking it
Jim Rohn, Leading an Inspired Life|Here's a good phrase for you to jot down: wherever you are, be there! Be there to absorb it. Take a picture if you can. Take pictures in your mind; let your soul and heart take pictures. Get it, capture it, absorb it. And don't be casual in getting it. Casualness leads to casualties.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|Don’t just act with kindness, think with kindness.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|Baba always used to say that as we age, things change, we become more rigid, and then eventually, most of us, become forgiving again. He called it the cycle of life.
Alan VanMeter|Always look outside of the box, unless there is something exceedingly dangerous outside of the box in which case it might be wiser to stay inside.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|She screamed. Her screaming was beautiful. But, truth be told he missed the crying.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Hardships are hills of mountains, which must be overcome for the highest accomplishments.
Courtney Brandt, The Queen of England: Coronation|Iâ€™ve lived for nothing and might soon die for less. My Life, Part One will be cancelled midway through the first season
Rachel  Morgan, The Faerie Prince|Rootlessness," I opine, "is the twenty-first century norm.""You're not wrong and that's why we're in the shit we're in, mate. If you belong nowhere, why give a tinker's toss about anywhere?
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|There's no need to clarify my finger snap," said Magnus. "The implication was clear in the snap itself.
Jaeda DeWalt|When we are self-aware, we are able to reach beyond ourselves and objectively assess others... allowing us to meet them where they are at, seeing into their needs and struggles, so we can understand the way they experience life, even if it is vastly different from the way we experience, our own.
Stephen R. Covey|Every new form of communication brings with it a perennial angst about what it is doing to our brains. We are not the first to feel that everything is changing too quickly around us, and we won't be the last. Throughout history, communication technologies have been catalysts of societal and cultural change that upset the status quo.
William Shakespeare|In most gardens", the Tiger-lily said, "they make the beds too soft-so that the flowers are always asleep.
Jean Edward Smith, Eisenhower in War and Peace|My world burns severe.Pockets of sweltering air attack every inch of me exposed, heated by fire spewed forth from the lungs of dragons. For defense I raise a glowing sword that shines by virtue of powers contrary to those I fight against. It is a battle that rages on and on for as long as any man can endure. But there are days I feel I cannot―drained and weary unlike these monsters that lash at me as if sustained by an abiding fervor in their bellies. The battle is harsh and my weapons 
Immaculee Ilibagiza|The principle that certain sins should not receive the Church's testimony of forgiveness was probably no novelty at all, but had been applied in various churches; perhaps, however, with no strict consistency.
Gary Snyder, Pharmako/Poeia: Plant Powers, Poisons, and Herbcraft|The Buddha taught that all life is suffering. We might also say that life, being both attractive and constantly dangerous, is intoxicating and ultimately toxic. 'Toxic' comes from toxicon, Pendell tells us, with a root meaning of 'a poisoned arrow.' All organic life is struck by the arrows of real and psychic poisons. This is understood by any true, that is to say, not self-deluding, spiritual path.
Eoin Colfer, The Last Guardian|If you cannot lie, tell a different truth.
Omondi Ochuka|The only social change presented by most SF has been towards authoritarianism, the domination of ignorant masses by a powerful elite—sometimes presented as a warning, but often quite complacently. Socialism is never considered as an alternative, and democracy is quite forgotten. Military virtues are taken as ethical ones. Wealth is assumed to be a righteous goal and a personal virtue. Competitive free-enterprise capitalism is the economic destiny of the entire Galaxy. In general, American SF has assumed a permanent hierarchy of superiors and inferiors, with rich, ambitious, aggressive males at the top, then a great gap, and then at the bottom the poor, the uneducated, the faceless masses, and all the women.
Alan Alda|I am an atheist, a rationalist and a humanist.
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|Love is a condition. There are many circumstances in life that can affect this condition. So it falls on you and I to insulate love from the things that would cause it harm. We, the protectors of love, are responsible if the condition of our love becomes critical. Yes, broken fences can be mended, but love on life support should be left to die. So our earthly desire should be to strengthen the condition of love daily.
Frank Wanderer|If you cannot reach a state of utter oneness with each other, how do you expect to solve anything? Separate the world will crumble; together the world will thrive.
Adam Berlin, The Number of Missing|Her grief has not so much changed her as stripped her down, stripped her body and her face.
Scott Stabile|She shot out of her seat, tired of waiting, at last ready to create her future.
Heikki Kovalainen|The first thing I ever rode when I was a kid was a motorcycle, so I knew how to drive a motorcycle before a car.
Bryan Islip|The bible doesn't say Jesus had a power to command, only to recommend, which leaves each one of us with an individual freedom of choice. Maybe it's just that there are too many of us making too many bad choices for the good of the whole." He took a bite out of his apple. "Too many people and none of us wanting or able to hear the harmony.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|It’s not what happens, it’s what you do that makes the difference to how things turn out. Change your perspective in the way that serves you best.
Elizabeth of the Trinity|Ecclesiastes would be quite unbearable were it not for Heavens eternity and its citizens". ~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Your soul is your connection to the Divine. Sacred sex is an activity of joining souls in holy, celestial creation, expressing your appreciation for the gift of life, of sharing your body’s vitality with another.
Joe Haldeman|Bad books on writing tell you to "WRITE WHAT YOU KNOW", a solemn and totally false adage that is the reason there exist so many mediocre novels about English professors contemplating adultery.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|And your will shall decide your destiny," he said: "I offer you my hand, my heart, and a share of all my possessions." You play a farce, which I merely laugh at." I ask you to pass through life at my side--to be my second self, and best earthly companion." For that fate you have already made your choice, and must abide by it." Jane, be still a few moments: you are over-excited: I will be still too." A waft of wind came sweeping down the laurel-walk, and trembled through the boughs of the chestnut: it wandered away--away--to an indefinite distance--it died. The nightingale's song was then the only voice of the hour: in listening to it, I again wept. Mr. Rochester sat quiet, looking at me gently and seriously. Some time passed before he spoke; he at last said - Come to my side, Jane, and let us explain and understand one another." I will never again come to your side: I am torn away now, and cannot return." But, Jane, I summon you as my wife: it is you only I intend to marry." I was silent: I thought he mocked me. Come, Jane--come hither." Your bride stands between us." He rose, and with a stride reached me. My bride is here," he said, again drawing me to him, "because my equal is here, and my likeness. Jane, will you marry me?
Sheldon Vanauken, A Severe Mercy: A Story of Faith, Tragedy and Triumph|To believe with certainty, somebody said, one has to begin by doubting.
R.A. Mathis, Falling Down: Part 1 of the Homeland Series|It was hidden in things Adam already knew, half-glimpsed behind a forest made of thoughts.
Lisa Mantchev, So Silver Bright|See the mountains kiss high HeavenAnd the waves clasp one another;No sister-flower would be forgivenIf it disdained its brother;And the sunlight clasps the earth,And the moonbeams kiss the sea -What is all this sweet work worthIf thou kiss not me? 
Nalini Singh, Tangle of Need|Now it was just the two of us, Max and me. And about a thousand other people around us.
William Wordsworth|Win, lose or draw, you're all my cousins and I love you.
SANDEEP|There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved
Fall Out Boy|Anything you say can and will be used against you, so only say my name.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|This isn’t Soviet Russia. This is America we’re talking about. For God’s sake, this is New York City.
Earl Chinnici, Maybe You Should Move Those Away From You|Find a strong glue and stick yourself to honesty! You shall feel like a wind, so light and so free!
Ariel Dorfman, Armand Mattelart|We dabble in many things; but the one great real idea of our age, not copied from any other, not pretended, not raised to life by any conjuration, is the Much Making of Things – not the making of beautiful things, not the joy of spending living energy in creative work; rather the shameless, merciless driving and over-driving, wasting and draining of the last bit of energy, only to produce heaps and heaps of things – things ugly, things harmful, things useless, and at the best largely unnecessary.
Agatha Christie, Five Little Pigs|We sat there smiling at each other, shimmied to a standstill, thinking about all the boys that had wanted us that day, and how none of them had got us, not for a minute; how we'd let them pay for drinks and candyfloss and then run away laughing, their cries of 'Slags!' and 'Bitches' ringing in our ears like respect rather than derision.
Talon P.S., A Place for Cliff|You're the hero my young romantic heart settled on so long ago, you're an absolute tiger at times, you're devious and not above playing a few tricks. I love you whatever you are all the time. I've loved you for ten years without stopping. I'll love you for as long as I have breath in my body. I'm committed to one man and I'm ready to face real life with him.
OfficialBarbieMichelle|Unhappiness is such a heavy burden, those who carry it, when ever possible, unload it onto those around them.
Larry Wilcox|The rainbow is a part of nature, and you have to be in the right place to see it. It's beautiful, all of the colors, even the colors you can't see. That really fit us as a people because we are all of the colors. Our sexuality is all of the colors. We are all the genders, races, and ages.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Wonderful music like this was the worst hurt there could be. The whole world was the symphony, and there was not enough of her to listen.
E.J. Squires, Savage Run|Oh my God. I didn't. I couldn't have. No. no, no. Holy Crap, I did. I just shot Jason Pierce in the chest with a taser.
G.A. Aiken, What a Dragon Should Know|Humans don’t make sense.”“If you’re only now learning that,” Kaladin said, “then you haven’t been paying attention.
R.S. Burnett, Bet Me|While we are living, our lives are like that of an open book, still being written. Eventually, our book closes for us, and to others, it will be as if we never existed at all. Those of us who write down our life story, will leave a little piece of us behind when we're gone.” -Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found (Vol. #1)
Stephenie Meyer|I love romantic comedy, but I think you have to have another idea that you're chasing along with romantic comedy.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|This sound, which like all music--indeed, like all pleasure--I had been numbly unresponsive to for months, pierced my heart like a dagger, and in a flood of swift recollection I thought of all the joys the house had known: the children who had rushed through its rooms, the festivals, the love and work, the honestly earned slumber, the voices and the nimble commotion, the perennial tribe of cats and dogs and birds, "laughter and ability and Sighing, And Frocks and Curls." All this I realized was more than I could ever abandon, even as what I had set out so deliberately to do was more than I could inflict on those memories, and upon those, so close to me, with whom the memories were bound. And just as powerfully I realized I could not commit this desecration on myself.
A.D. Orbit|My earnest desire for you has brought me to a point, where the life I've imagined we shall have, seems like a distant memory.
Amit Kalantri|I don't waste food, water, money, time and talent.
Aiysha Abbas|Life of a man revolves around happiness and sadness, love and hatred, crime and justice, riddles and solutions, positives and negatives, and then there’s an ultimate end; death.
Meik Wiking, The Little Book of Hygge: The Danish Way to Live Well|We were silent, tired, and happy, and it was pure hygge.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|If you always want to have whatever you want any time you want it with no delays, and denial of self, you would end up ruining your life.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|If I lose it now, I will lose you, too. I know that. I hate it.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|To hear these defenders of democracy talk, one would think that the people deliberate like a committee of wise men, whereas in truth judicial murders, foolhardy undertakings, wild choices, and above all foolish and disastrous wars are eminently the prerogatives of this form of government."Study on Sovereignty.
Steve Goodier|The idea of our own rationality...was convincing to us only because we so wished to be convinced. To any impartial observer, could such a thing exist, the sham was patent. Emotion and instinct were the basis of all our decisions, our actions, everything we valued, the way we saw the world. Reason and rationality were a thin coat of paint on a ragged surface.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|There was five golden rules. My dad made me write them over and over until I knew them like I knew my own name...Number five: never have a fire in the daytime, 'cause people could see the smoke and come and get us.Number four: if I ever see anyone other than my dad, I run, and keep running.Number three: always say my prayers, so as God don't get mad at me and decide to come make me sick too.Numer two: never forget to pray for my momma, 'cause she was the best and prettiest lady God ever made.Number one: never, ever leave the woods.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!|Human beings are incredibly slow, Cosmic Ordering is incredibly fast!
Lindsay Chamberlin, The Shoreline|Is it possible to love forever, she asked. Don't you know what forever means? It means now, he answered. Oh then we are in love forever.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|I was diamond on the outside, and I would not break.Inside, though, I was already broken.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|‎"But you're the toughest son of a b!&€# i've ever seen.You never let anybody get near you.You never let anybody know what you really think.
Franzie Gubatina|Catti-brie continued to stare at the drow as the wizards walked up. The woman did not know what to make of Drizzt's cryptic answers. Drizzt had let Tarnheel win, she figured, or at least had allowed the man to fight to a draw. For some reason the young woman did not understand, she didn't want to think that Tarnheel had actually beaten Drizzt; she didn't want to think that anyone could beat Drizzt.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|A Tennyson garden, heavy with scent, languid; the return of the word swoon.
Peter Singer, Animal Liberation|Philosophy ought to question the basic assumptions of the age. Thinking through, critically and carefully, what most of us take for granted is, I believe, the chief task of philosophy, and the task that makes philosophy a worthwhile activity.
Rachel Vincent, Prey|Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.
Karl Pilkington|Just getting from the airport straight to the gym is gonna be your best bet to knock off that rust and wake yourself up and get that blood flowing. You sit in a car or a plane cramped up, you lose a lot of blood flow and get that swelling in your legs. There are all kinds of dangers in sitting still too long.
Truman Capote|I know it's become fashionable to depict the police as sadistic Cossacks riding down innocent citizens, but I've become well enough acquainted with law-enforcement agencies across the country to know that's just not the case. Of course, a certain small percentage of policemen are irresponsible...but that doesn't justify the current unjust barrage of propaganda against a tribe of men who are hard-working, underpaid and daily risking their lives to protect us. I'm sure there are isolated instances of police brutality, but the rising crime rate and urban violence constitute a far, far more pressing problem.
J.G. Farrell|He is a good and a great man; but he forgets, pitilessly, the feelings and claims of little people, in pursuing his own large views. It is better, therefore, for the insignificant to keep out of his way, lest, in his progress, he should trample them down.
Guru Nanak|Another savage trait of our time is the disposition to talk about material substances instead of about ideas. The old civilisation talked about the sin of gluttony or excess. We talk about the Problem of Drink--as if drink could be a problem. When people have come to call the problem of human intemperance the Problem of Drink, and to talk about curing it by attacking the drink traffic, they have reached quite a dim stage of barbarism. The thing is an inverted form of fetish worship; it is no sillier to say that a bottle is a god than to say that a bottle is a devil. The people who talk about the curse of drink will probably progress down that dark hill. In a little while we shall have them calling the practice of wife-beating the Problem of Pokers; the habit of housebreaking will be called the Problem of the Skeleton-Key Trade; and for all I know they may try to prevent forgery by shutting up all the stationers' shops by Act of Parliament.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|Through him speaks a shrewd and magnanimous people, a people who have woven together into one wisdom a profound, old, terrible, and unimaginably various experience of life. But he himself is young: impatient, inexperienced. He stands higher than we stand, seeing wider, but he is himself only the height of a man.
Stormie Omartian, 30 Days to Becoming a Woman of Prayer|The fact that our traditional method of extracting doctrine from Scripture does not work well on narrative does not mean that Bible stories do not send clear messages. Instead, it suggests that the way we apply our traditional method of interpretation is inadequate because we are ignoring too much of God’s Word.
John Marshall|. . . a constitution, intended toendure for ages to come, andconsequently, to be adapted to thevarious crises of human affairs.
Avijeet Das|As Conor McGregor says he is the best and it is not out of arrogance. When confidence oozes from every inch of you, you know you have it in you! Go ahead! Smash the obstacles! Be the best in whatever you do!
George Savile|I'm generally quite an angry person, and I like to channel my anger toward something creative.
Patience W. Smith, Plant Seeds. Grow Roots. Know Happiness:  Words of Wisdom from Meditations with God|Gratitude is a divine emotion. It fills the heart, not to bursting; it warms it, but not to fever. I like to taste leisurely of bliss. Devoured in haste, I do not know its flavor.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Be wary of any man who intentionally ignores another man's record of deeds or work history simply to impose their own agenda. Such a man's judgment lacks merit and should be disregarded immediately. Without a conscience, there is no truth in them.
James Beattie|It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.
Kelly Sue DeConnick, The Secret Loves of Geek Girls|Writing is hard. Writing that is good, writing that is powerful enough to evoke a change or an authentic emotion or even just an idea in another human being is about as mysterious as an alchemical recipe, but there are a few known ingredients. Craft? Yes, absolutely. Devotion? A load - yes! Humility? Not vital, I suppose, but all my favorites include at least a dash. Before those can be added to the cauldron though, you must have a base of Honesty. Honesty is difficult to find in public spaces these days (and getting harder every goddamn day) but if you're quiet, and patient, you can usually find some hidden in your room somewhere. (It helps to turn off the lights, for some reason.) Problem is, Honesty is invariably bound to Vulnerability and the only thing that cuts the bitterness of Vulnerability is Courage. And Courage? Well. Courage is the hardest thing of all.
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|As the world confronts the challenges of globalisation, theentertainment Industry and a web saturated with explicit sexualcontent, is increasingly making it difficult for young people to makeinformed decisions about sex
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|If we can’t feel into the heart of grief, we can’t truly move on to experience hope and joy. We can’t be present to what is now, and what is next, because we are bound by the loss and sorrow that holds us to the past. Grief has to flow. It has to be carried, not just by you, but by the others with you, by your community, until it transforms to the next rightful calling of your heart to action.
Robert Schumann|If, while at the piano, you attempt to form little melodies, that is very well; but if they come into your mind of themselves, when you are not practising, you may be still more pleased; for the internal organ of music is then roused in you. The fingers must do what the head desires; not the contrary.
Graham Moore, The Sherlockian|Meditation is the way to be with ourselves and to learn to accept our own aloneness. In aloneness, I experiment with being consciously alone as a door to be egoless. In conscious aloneness, the ego can not function. In aloneness, you are not. I have always been comfortable with my own aloneness as an inner source of love, joy, truth, silence and wholeness. When we depend on other people, it becomes a bondage - instead of a freedom. I took this sunday as a meditation to be consciously alone, and to accept all feelings of pain, of not being loved and the fear of being nobody that would come up during the meditation. This meditation goes up and down during the day: at certain moments, I can totally accept my aloneness. It feels fine to accept that I am alone and that I am nobody. At other moments, I feel the pain of not being loved, when the meditation brings up how dependence on other people is a barrier to totally accept my aloneness. I take a coffee at a restaurant. I am the only person that sits alone in the restaurant, while the other guests are couples and families eating sunday dinner. It brings up painful feelings of not being loved and wanting to be needed by other people, when I see how much people cling to each other in the couples and the families. Escaping your aloneness through relationships and needing other people's attention through being a teacher, a politician or by being rich or famous, are ways of escaping the pain of aloneness. But then the relationships are not really love. Only when you are capable of being alone, you can really love. When we can be alone, we discover the inner source of love, which is our true nature. When we can be alone, it open the door to be one with the Whole.
Jeff Bridges|The thing is, it's not uncool to worry about people who seem like they're going on the wrong path. There's nothing cool about being self-destructive.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|The better organized the state, the duller its humanity.
Linda Poindexter|Life was such a precious thing, easily broken.
Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty|Like navigation markings in unknown waters, definitions of poverty need to be distinctive and unambiguous. A definition that is not precise is as bad as no definition at all.
Nancy Venable Raine, After Silence: Rape & My Journey Back|A misleading perception or false belief is increasingly being perpetuated that the unconscious or the intuitive is all that really matters in any spiritual endeavor, and that the conscious, rational, logical, analytical mind is the mortal enemy of spiritual awareness and soul growth.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Every dictator is a mystic, and every mystic is a potential dictator. A mystic craves obedience from men, not their agreement. He wants them to surrender their consciousness to his assertions, his edicts, his wishes, his whims—as his consciousness is surrendered to theirs. He wants to deal with men by means of faith and force—he finds no satisfaction in their consent if he must earn it by means of facts and reason. Reason is the enemy he dreads and, simultaneously, considers precarious; reason, to him, is a means of deception; he feels that men possess some power more potent than reason—and only their causeless belief or their forced obedience can give him a sense of security, a proof that he has gained control of the mystic endowment he lacked. His lust is to command, not to convince: conviction requires an act of independence and rests on the absolute of an objective reality. What he seeks is power over reality and over men’s means of perceiving it, their mind, the power to interpose his will between existence and consciousness, as if, by agreeing to fake the reality he orders them to fake, men would, in fact, create it.
Nikki Grimes, Garvey's Choice|Round still, but that's fine.Feeling good outside and in.Maybe I'm not thin,but skinny isn't perfect.The perfect size is happy.
Hannibal Buress|I'm a fun song maker. I love to make people smile. I also love to see them big, burly dudes crying because their wives' song is 'Die a Happy Man.'
Samuel Johnson|Life is a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of a future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
Emma Forrest|If Heaven and angels exist in a timeless medium we call Forever ("Hey, nobody here but us angels!") ...Then ... ues what? ...There will be no end of me!
Deyth Banger|But as men grow more industrialised and regimented, the kind of delight that is common in children becomes impossible to adults because they are always thinking of the next thing and cannot let themselves be absorbed in the moment. This habit of thinking of the ‘next thing’ is more fatal to any kind of aesthetic excellence than any other habit of mind that can be imagined, and if art, in any important sense, is to survive it will not be by the foundation of solemn academies, but by recapturing the capacity for wholehearted joys and sorrows which prudence and foresight have all but destroyed.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|When anyone is going wrong, it is a mistake to warn him not to go further. It is also a mistake to leave him alone. The proper course is to call his attention to something better, and frame our conversation in such a way that he becomes wholly absorbed in the better. He will then forget his old mistakes, his old faults and his old desires, and will give all his life and power to the building of that better which has engaged his new interest.
Lily Morton, Rule Breaker|He leans back in his seat. His legs are spread and his head tipped back, with his eyes challenging me. “Okay what’s next, boss?”I shudder theatrically. “I see why you like it. Just the word makes me feel all powerful.
Oliver Gaspirtz|Abby stood nervously before her Master in the classic submissive pose: fully nude, legs apart, wrists placed behind her back; deeply ashamed of her evident arousal. Worse, she had to recount in exact detail the proceedings of her last whipping. The whipping had been severe; as was the case with most of the clients she was commissioned to serve. Most of these clients were men, some were women, on occasion a couple, or even a group. Nevertheless her body reacted like that of a wanton whore as she retold of the sadistic punishments and extreme sexual use inflicted upon her body.How far would her Master push her with these ‘tests’? How far would Abigail go? How many times could she stand before him blushing; yet with that unmistakable tingle? Their relationship was surely headed for a collision course. Or was it?
Donalyn Miller, The Book Whisperer: Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child|Books are love letters (or apologies) passed between us, adding a layer of conversation beyond our spoken words.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Witch's Daughter|Oh Killian." Five immense cliffs rose up from the sea in marvelous grandeur. They were as tall and craggy and enormous as any mountains she'd seen in paintings. The layers of rock were varied in color and the radiant sunset playing against them only added to the enchantment of the location. She watched as waves crashed against the monumental stone walls.
Magus Tor|That night I looked Stephanie [Burt] up online and started reading more about her work...I kept encountering a striking factoid...: she’s often cited as the most influential poetry critic of her generation. And she’s openly trans. This is not the world I was taught I would grow into when I was a young trans child -- the one where transgender people are heard, are brilliant, are influential, are even the best. At anything. Being trans, I’d learned subliminally, was supposed to keep you from being that -- even if you loved your trans self, and even if some other trans people and a few allies did too, the world at large would keep your potential tamped down." - from "Surface Difficulty: An Adventure in Reading Trans Poetry," Original Plumbing Magazine 2014
Charles Kuralt|Events are the best teacher for us. You try to learn from people, there is always some bend to it.
John Fowles, The French Lieutenant's Woman|The Uncertainty Principle states that you can know where a particle is, or you can know where it's going, but you can't know both at the same time. The same, it turns out, is true of people. And when you try, when you look too closely, you get the Observer Effect. By trying to work out what's going on, you're interfering with destiny. A particle can be in two places at once. A particle can interfere with its own past. It can have multiple futures, and multiple pasts. The universe is complicated.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|To have humility is to experience reality, not in relation to ourselves, but in its sacred independence. It is to see, judge, and act from the point of rest in ourselves. Then, how much disappears, and all that remains falls into place.In the point of rest at the center of our being, we encounter a world where all things are at rest in the same way. Then a tree becomes a mystery, a cloud a revelation, each man a cosmos of whose riches we can only catch glimpses. The life of simplicity is simple, but it opens to us a book in which we never get beyond the first syllable.
Neil Peart|You're never too old to start learning, and you're never too young to aim high and achieve great things.
Sydney J. Harris|"What is your fortune  my pretty maid?" "My face is my fortune  sir " she said.
Suzy Ross|If you want to test how powerful your mind is, simply start thinking positively and see the results for yourself.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I fold my hands under my head and tell the books all about you. They listen, Beck. I know it sounds crazy, but they do.
Bruno De Oliveira|Sometimes it seems that everybody in the world is in favor of democracy, just as long as it gives them the result they want.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|For to be free is not merely to cast off one’s chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances freedom to others. But I have discovered the secret that after climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. I have taken a moment here to rest, to steal a view of the glorious vista that surrounds me, to look back on the distance I have come. But I rest only for a moment, for with freedom come responsibilities, and I dare not linger, for my long walk is not yet ended.
Manoj Vaz|Don't try to understand women.Women don't want to be understood,they just want to be loved.It is men who crave understanding.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Just get it right, “it is not too late to dream”. You can do it now! This very moment, I mean right now! Let’s begin!
Friedrich Nietzsche|What then is truth? A movable host of metaphors, metonymies, and anthropomorphisms: in short, a sum of human relations which have been poetically and rhetorically intensified, transferred, and embellished, and which, after long usage, seem to a people to be fixed, canonical, and binding. Truths are illusions which we have forgotten are illusions — they are metaphors that have become worn out and have been drained of sensuous force.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|Then Hwin, though shaking all over, gave a strange little neigh and trotted across to the Lion. "Please," she said, "you're so beautiful. You may eat me if you like. I'd sooner be eaten by you than fed by anyone else.
Daniel Dae Kim|Economists often like startling theorems, results which seem to run counter to conventional wisdom.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|It's love. But it's a different kind,""Doesn't make it any less love, though.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|I'd thought once, actually, of taking your mind, if you asked. I'd thought I could help you fall asleep at night."He opened his mouth to say something. Shut it again. His face closed for a moment, his unreadable mask falling into place. He spoke softly. "But that wouldn't be fair; for after I slept you'd be left awake, with no one to help you sleep.
M. T. Panchal, Karma and Redemption|Like capitalism,” Carl suggested. “‘We’ll give you so much pleasure, you’ll never want to try another socioeconomic system.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Note for Americans and other aliens: Milton Keynes is a new city approximately halfway between London and Birmingham. It was built to be modern, efficient, healthy, and, all in all, a pleasant place to live. Many Britons find this amusing.
Tammy Blackwell, Fate Succumbs|I don’t like seeing you hit.”“Well, to be quite honest, I don’t like being hit unless it’s by you.” As soon as it was out of my mouth, I realized what I had said. “That sounded all sorts of wrong.”“Insanely so, actually.”“To be clear,” I said to any overhearing ears, “I hit him back--”“Hard.”“It’s a very give-and-take, non-abuse type hitting situation…”The sides of Liam’s mouth folded up like an accordion. “You should probably stop now.”“I’m trying. My mouth keeps moving of its own accord.
Chris Baty|I fell into a deep sleep tucked in that little cocoon, a deeper sleep than I might of had in years.Right up until someone kicked me and said "Gotcha!
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky|There is no doubt that even the greatest musical geniuses have sometimes worked without inspiration. This guest (inspiration) does not always respond to the first invitation. We must always work, and a self-respecting artist must not fold his hands on the pretext that he is not in the mood. If we wait for the mood, without endeavouring to meet it half-way, we easily become indolent and apathetic. We must be patient, and believe that inspiration will come to those who can master their disinclination.
Vince Neil|I go to church too, y'all. And I've heard it, too. And I want to say to all of our faith leaders out there that I understand that probably in my Baptist church in Maryland, it is not likely that there will be performed - in my church - gay marriages.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I love New York, even though it isn't mine, the way something has to be, a tree or a street or a house, something, anyway, that belongs to me because I belong to it.
Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte|The world is in A major...the earth revolves in A major, a low A.
Major Taylor|Americans' distrust of the conspicuously intellectual - a habit we learned, I suppose, on the frontier, but which remains a feature of the national character - has the virtue of puncturing the pretentious and exposing the fake, but it may also have impaired American listeners' patience for music that is especially complex or austere.
Michael  Grant, Plague|For a moment we are weightless, eyes open and locked underwater, flowers drawn down with us, swirling around us in a current of white bubbles. My hair floats around us both like black silk. His hands are still around my waist, mine pressed against his bare chest. My lamp drifts between us.Aladdin plants his feet against the bottom of the pool and kicks off, pushing us upward to burst through the surface. He gasps in air and shakes the wet hair from his eyes. Without pulling away, we float in silence, and I cannot take my gaze from him. Water runs down his cheeks and lips, dripping from his jaw. A lock of his hair is stuck to his forehead, and I gently lift it away, curling it around my finger before letting it go.“What are we doing?” he whispers, pulling me closer.I cannot reply. I don’t trust my own voice. He brings his forehead down to rest against mine, and everything outside this pool and this moment ceases to exist. All that matters is the gentle sound of our breathing, our reflections on the water, the feel of his hands around me.
Richard A. Knaak, The Well of Eternity|*You are not yet in the Emerald Dream. First, you must remove your earthly shell...* the voice in his head instructed. *As you reach the state of sleep, you will slip your body off as you would a coat. Start from your heart and mind, for they are the links that most bind you to the mortal plane. See? This is how it is done...* - Chapter 4
Amy Neftzger, The Orphanage of Miracles|Without stories, we’d have even more trouble recognizing what’s real.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|The assumption is that life doesn't need to be navigated with lessons. You can just do it intuitively. After all, you only need to achieve autonomy from your parents, find a moderately satisfying job, form a relationship, perhaps raise some children, watch the onset of mortality in your parents' generation and eventually in your own, until one day a fatal illness starts gnawing at your innards and you calmly go to the grave, shut the coffin and are done with the self-evident business of life.
Diane Duane, So You Want to Be a Wizard|We are good at stories. We hoard them, like an old woman in a room full of boxes, but now and then we pull out our best, and spread them out. We talk of the bad years when the cotton didn't open, and the day my cousin Wanda was washed in the Blood. We buff our beloved ancestors until they are smooth of sin, and give our scoundrels a hard shake, although sometimes we can't remember exactly which is who.
Leymah Gbowee, Mighty Be Our Powers: How Sisterhood, Prayer, and Sex Changed a Nation at War|The person who hurt you--who raped you or killed your family--is also here. If you are still angry at that person, if you haven't been able to forgive, you are chained to him. Everyone could feel the emotional truth of that: When someone offends you and you haven't let go, every time you see him, you grow breathless or your heart skips a beat. If the trauma was really severe, you dream of revenge. Above you, is the Mountain of Peace and Prosperity where we all want to go. But when you try to climb that hill, the person you haven't forgiven weighs you down. It's a personal choice whether or not to let go. No one can tell you how long to mourn a death or rage over a rape. But you can't move forward until you break that chain.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton, Reign of Terror Volume 2: Great Victorian Horror Stories|Only I was capable of saving her now, and that, as far as anyone could argue, may have made me worse than all the devils and the demons, but it also, more accurately, made me better than all the angels and gods.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|Audrey turned to him, a sly little spark hiding in her eyes. "THe only man who gets to call me'love' would be waking up next to me after a very, very fun n
Oksana Rus|Just one caress became a symphony of passion, insatiable longing, an unquenchable desire to possess.... Gasps... The sparkling touch, embrace make hard to breathe... A mere short burst of brilliance, explosive need...forbidden sweet... Beneath the warmth of a dancing rainbow summer sunset, slowly tuning into the magic night with the stars flooding the sapphire skies...the sacred emerald island wildlife listens to our song, played with loving fingertips, reflected in diving deep into each other's ocean eyes...
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|A woman, she had provoked this horror; a woman, she shouldh ave known how to deal with it. It was immesley to her discredit, sexually, to stand there dumb. One said - what did one say? - Oh, Mr. Ramsay! Dear Mr. Ramsay! That was what that kind old lady who sketched, Mrs. Beckwith, would have said instantly, and rightly. But, no. They stood there, isolated from the rest of the world. His immesnse self-pity, his demand for sympathy poured and and spread itself in pools at her feet, and all she did, miserable sinner that she was, was to draw her skirts a little closer round her ankles, lest she should get wet.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Trust unites, fear divides, mercy heals, and love conquers.
Colette Parrino|He who thinks they know it all, is bound to take the greatest fall.
Stanisław Lem, Fiasco|A man craves ultimate truths. Every mortal mind, I think, is that way. But what is ultimate truth? It's the end of the road, where there is no more mystery, no more hope. And no more questions to ask, since all the answers have been given. But there is no such place.The Universe is a labyrinth made of labyrinths. Each leads to another. And wherever we cannot go ourselves, we reach with mathematics. Out of mathematics we build wagons to carry us into the nonhuman realms of the world.
