Addison Moore, Expel|Anger is the most impotent of passions. It effects nothing it goes about, and hurts the one who is possessed by it more than the one against whom it is directed.
John Hope Franklin|We must expect to fail... but fail in a learning posture, determined no to repeat the mistakes, and to maximize the benefits from what is learned in the process.
Anam Iqbal, The Whyte Divide|To discover what becomes of men who do not pay debts owed to Ratilla, one must visit the underworld.
Gavriel Savit|It's their failure, my little Anna, not yours. Men who try to understand the world without the help of children are like men who try to bake bread without the help of yeast.
Angie Langley, Jennifer Brown's Journey|From my bedroom window, I hadn’t noticed his earring and the Motörhead tattoo on his forearm. He looked like the kind of guy who, if a bomb went off in his watering can, would raise one eyebrow and say, ‘Well, that was close.
Christopher Isherwood, Lions and Shadows: An Education in the Twenties|Chalmers, thanks to Baudelaire, knew all about Taffreuse Juive, opium, absinthe, negresses, Lesbos and the metamorphoses of the vampire ... Needless to say, Chalmers and myself were both virgins, in every possible meaning of the word.
Zeina Kassem, Crossing|That's when it hit me; my sunglasses were buried in the grave where my Talal lay. Yes, my sunglasses were buried with him. But oh, how I wish my eyes had gone with him instead.
Drea Damara|A poem is an event, like a wedding or birth.
Joe Plumeri, The Power of Being Yourself: A Game Plan for Success--by Putting Passion into Your Life and Work|The more we listen to our hearts, the better our hearts' message comes through loud and clear and the more likely we are to be able to follow what our heart is telling us.
Muhammad ibn Zakariya al-Razi|Sometimes people carried anger around for years, in a secret box inside their bodies, and it grew tighter like a hardening knot. The problem with it getting tighter and smaller was that the people did, too, hiding it. Liyana had seen this happen even in elementary school. Somebody wasn't fair to somebody and the hurt person just held it in. By the end of the year they had nearly disappeared. But other people responded differently. They let their anger grow so large it ate them up – even their voices and laughter. And still they couldn't get rid of it. They forgot where it had come from. They tried to shake it loose, but no one liked them by now.Liyana wondered if the person who could let it out the same size it was to begin with, was luckiest.In Jerusalem, so much old anger floated around, echoed from fading graffiti, seeped out of cracks. Sometimes it bumped into new anger in the streets. The air felt stacked with weeping and raging and praying to God by all the different names.
Anna Todd, After We Collided|Sometimes you just have to choose to let things go, to move on.
George Orwell, 1984|There are some things I can't control, & that's just the way it is.
Heinrich Heine|A pine tree standeth lonelyIn the North on an upland bare;It standeth whitely shroudedWith snow, and sleepeth there.It dreameth of a Palm treeWhich far in the East alone,In the mournful silence standethOn its ridge of burning stone.
Shenica N. Coleman, Ladies Rise Above Your Emotions|It isn't as important to religiously cliam God/Jesus, then it is for us to live what we're professing to cliam"...
Colleen McCullough, The Touch|Do you realize that you've been married to me for just about half of your entire life?"Her head came down, her eyes opened wide to stare at him. "Is that all?" she asked. "It seems an eternity"."Did I say a quiet lion?" Alexander pulled a face. "An eternity with me has turned you into a bitch, my dear".
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|There was no sign of her daughter, no sign of a small body crumpled by the railway.
Robert P. Crease, The Great Equations: Breakthroughs in Science from Pythagoras to Heisenberg|In the ancient and medieval world, the exploration of physical influences among heavenly bodies, and between the heavenly bodies and objects on earth, was generally called ‘astrology.’ But we must not confuse this with the current socially acceptable form of bigotry that seems to entitle the human beings who believe in it to prejudge the character of others based solely on their dates of birth.
Steven Spielberg|I get that same queasy, nervous, thrilling feeling every time I go to work. That's never worn off since I was 12 years-old with my dad's 8-millimeter movie camera.
Ethan Hawke, Rules for a Knight|Often we imagine that we will work hard until we arrive at some distant goal, and then we will be happy. This is a delusion. Happiness is the result of a life lived with purpose. Happiness is not an objective. It is the movement of life itself, a process, and an activity. It arises from curiosity and discovery. Seek pleasure and you will quickly discover the shortest path to suffering. Other people, friends, brothers, sisters, neighbors, spouses, even your mother and I are not responsible for your happiness. Your life is your responsibility, and you always have the choice to do your best. Doing your best will bring happiness. Do not be overconcerned with avoiding pain or seeking pleasure. If you are concentrating on the results of your actions, you are not dedicated to your task.
Dax Shepard|Are you kidding? I'm a terrible cook, but John is a really great one. Literally, I never cook. The whole time we were dating, I prepared two officially romantic meals. Both of them were such disasters that he begs me never to go into the kitchen again.
Heather Brewer, Eighth Grade Bites|Because teachers, no matter how kind, no matter how friendly, are sadistic and evil to the core.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|No matter how deep the night is, there will always be a daylight. MAWUKO
Kerry Cohen, Easy|He hoots as he passes. Another one whistles. I know this is stupid, inviting trouble. But it feels so good to be wanted, I can't help myself.
Julia J. Gibbs, The Oaks Remain|Why did you leave my hand? I’ve never felt so good, she thought. I felt good too, he thought.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|I'd never had a mind for math. ... It was a logic that made little sense to me. In my perception, the world wasn't a graph or a formula or an equation. It was a story.
Tim Dorsey, When Elves Attack: A Joyous Christmas Greeting from the Criminal Nutbars of the Sunshine State|Gosh, it's easy!' he marveled, open-mouthed. 'I never knew before how easy it is to kill anyone! Twenty years to grow 'em, and all it takes is one little push!'He was suddenly drunk with some new kind of power, undiscovered until this minute. The power of life and death over his fellowmen! Everyone had it, everyone strong enough to raise a violent arm, but they were afraid to use it. Well, he wasn't! And here he'd been going around for weeks living from hand to mouth, without any money, without enough food, when everything he wanted lay within his reach all the while! He had been green all right, and no mistake about it!Death had become familiar. At seven it had been the most mysterious thing in the world to him, by midnight it was already an old story. ("Dusk To Dawn")
David Mitchell|...in the absence of will power, the most complete collection of virtues and talents is wholly worthless.
Will Barnes, The Expansion of The Soul|Integrity is the sound follow through of your heart, and an important part in the process of manifesting what it is that you aspire to. If you say that you are going to do something, do it. If you fail to complete the task at hand, or fulfill a promise you made, you are not operating at the right frequency. Don't lie to yourself and to others, follow through. Complete yourself, Expand your consciousness.
Kat Evans, The Domme Tamer|I ask for so little. Just fear me, love me, do as I say and I will be your slave.” Jareth the Goblin King
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|Dawn and its excesses always reminded me of heaven, a place where I have always known I would not be comfortable.
Don McLean|I wouldn't be where I am without my fans, and I am very thankful for them.
Dionne Warwick|It's imprecise and insufficient, defining the homosexual as a person whose gender expression is at odds with his or her sex.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|They didn't exchange a single word. But in the weeks that followed, Trip spent his days wandering the halls, hoping for Lux to appear, the most naked person with clothes on he had ever seen. Even in sensible school shoes, she shuffled as though barefoot, and the baggy apparel Mrs. Lisbon bought for her only increased her appeal, as though after undressing she had put on whatever was handy. In corduroys her thighs rubbed together, buzzing, and there was always at least one untidy marvel to unravel him: an untucked shirttail, a sock with a hole, a ripped seam showing underarm hair. She carted her books from class to class but never opened them. Her pens and pencils were as temporary as Cinderella's broom. When she smiled, her mouth showed too many teeth, but at night Trip Fontaine dreamed of being bitten by each one.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|But Marisa already knew the answer and it was too late for recrimination. The chance of even a rational discussion of the problem was forever shut out of Mama’s brain. A brutal bastard was steadily sucking the intelligence and the very life from the mother who had once been witty, wise and loving. The scourge had a name Marisa had come to equate with hell: Alzheimer’s Disease.
Rebecca Solnit|Fascism, the more it considers and observes the future and the development of humanity, quite apart from political considerations of the moment, believes neither in the possibility nor the utility of perpetual peace.
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|For twelve school years, every morning, she had turned left out the front door to get to work. Now the taxi turned right, spiriting her off in the opposite direction.
Debasish Mridha|Forgiveness, compassion, and kindness are the fundamental ingredients of our beloved humanity.
Daniel Henderson, Old Paths, New Power: Awakening Your Church Through Prayer and the Ministry of the Word|[R]eal prayer is not an excuse for laziness but, in fact, is one of the most arduous engagements I know of in ministry. Prayer is not a replacement for hard work but, in most cases, empowerment for even more fruitful work.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|The glass is half full, the glass is half empty or nothing is in the glass, these are the metaphorical situations created by our mind to give ourselves hope, which is to expect something better in the future or to hold on to what we have in hand. Success is always about playing these situations to perfection. The level of our play will be proportionate to the level of hope, which again is a laborious form of a wish. A wish is belief in miracles but a hope is working to get due returns against the invested efforts.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|What was the payoff? It obviously kept me in my cozy zone of being in control, being a good mother, with a good daughter. Most of all, I realize, is that it allowed me to maintain the lie that she was healed, that Nick hadn't permanently damaged her, that I'd truly saved her. Because if I did, if there was no lasting residue of him, it meant that the denial that kept me in the marriage long enough for him to hurt her didn't help create the situation she's in now. The person who I worked hardest to keep safe seems to have been me.
Guus Kuijer, The Book of Everything|Thomas loved words, particularly if he didn’t understand them.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|Some people feel like they don't deserve love. They walk away quietly into empty spaces, trying to close the gaps of the past.
Les Claypool|Now Congress learns that the Veterans Administration failed to provide complete, accurate information on the money it needs for both this year and next year.
Mary Midgley, The Myths We Live by|What great philosophers do for us is not to hand out such an all-purpose system. It is to light up and clarify some special aspect of life, to supply conceptual tools which will do a certain necessary kind of work. Wide though that area of work may be, it is never the whole, and all ideas lose their proper power when they are used out of their appropriate context. That is why one great philosopher does not necessarily displace another, why there is room for all of them and a great many more whom we do not have yet.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Darkness tests stars,but they shine.Storms test trees,but they stand.Adversity tests the great,but they soar.
Angie  Smith, Mended: Pieces of a Life Made Whole|I just wanted silence, not rage, not anger, not going trouble... One simple thing silence!
Nnedi Okorafor, Who Fears Death|You know how the story ends. He escaped and went on to become the greatest chief Suntown ever had. He never built a shrine or a temple or even a shack in the name of Tia. In the Great Book, her name is never mentioned again. He never mused about her or even asked where she was buried. Tia was a virgin. She was beautiful. She was poor. And she was a girl. It was her duty to sacrifice her life for his.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|The Qur’ān does not appear to endorse the kind of doctrine of a radical mind-body dualism found in Greek philosophy, Christianity, or Hinduism; indeed, there is hardly a passage in the Qur'ān that says that man is composed of two separate, let alone disparate, substances, the body and the soul.
A.E. van Vogt, Zacherley's Vulture Stew|Only here, long after midnight, while everyone else was sleeping, when nothing was expected of him, could Schwartz convince himself that he was working hard enough. These hours felt stolen, added to his life. The voice fell quiet.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Unlike Elise, who could discover parts of a person they didn't even know were absent, you specialized in tangible, but that, I feared, was only a matter of time.
Genna Rulon, Only for You|You'll continue to be a bitch no matter what, but I'm glad you aren't a callous, self-absorbed one.
J. Loren Norris|If you cannot see where you are going, ask someone who has been there before.
Shannon L. Alder|There will be times in your life when you will have to stand alone in your pain and choke back all the injustice done to you. Letting go will be the hardest thing you have ever had to do because it means losing something you wish you didn't have to lose--the person that you care for. However, to be authentic--one person, it requires standing for truth as you know it to be, instead of having your dignity destroyed by another. It is a fire you have to walk through, in order to truly live. Sometimes, practicing faith by letting go is the most painful chapter of your life that will take every bit of courage for you to close, before you can be reborn.
Thornton Wilder, Our Town|I made a circular motion with my finger around my temple to indicate I thought this guy was crazy, forgetting that there was no one in the room to see this circular motion except him. He saw it and frowned.
John Cheever|Fiction is experimentation; when it ceases to be that, it ceases to be fiction.
Gary Hamel|My parents didn't believe in luck. They believed in hard work and in preparing me to take advantage of opportunity. Like many parents, they taught me to be generous but never to depend on the generosity of others.
Wil Wheaton, Memories of the Future - Volume 1|one evangelical scientist who had felt his doubts falling away from him when he was hiking in the mountains and came upon a frozen waterfall—in fact a trinity of a frozen waterfall, with three parts to it. “At that moment, I felt my resistance leave me. And it was a great sense of relief.
Alex Morgan|It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.
Abigail Roux, Shock & Awe|If you roll a pearl around your mouth it slowly reveals the dreams of oysters, memories of the sea, the taste of orgasm.
Stephen K. Hayes|Unfortunately, religion often works to shrink and tame the very wild and mysterious forces that first drew our wonder. In the process of making the inexplicable safe for the masses, the possibilities for real illusion-piercing insight becomes reduced. One might say that they are only available to those who dare to ride the breaking crest of direct life-altering experience.
Deepak Malhotra|If you have a problem , let it be because sometimes creating a solution can also create a problem
Liv-Christine Hoem|What is the meaning of human life, or of organic life altogether? To answer this question at all implies a religion. Is there any sense then, you ask, in putting it? I answer, the man who regards his own life and that of his fellow creatures as meaningless is not merely unfortunate but almost disqualified for life.
Justin Cronin, The Passage|The word morality, if we met it in the Bible, would surprise us as much as the word telephone or motor car.
Elizabeth SaFleur, Lucky|She wanted to know what his body would feel like under her hands. Her palms slid, almost as if under someone else’s control, under his jacket until she embraced his waist. His jacket, now parted on either side of her, left only a thin shirt and her dress between her belly and the ridges she felt across his abdomen. She was right about what she’d imagined under his suit.
Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl|It's not enough to believe! Don't you see that, you stupid girl? You could spend your whole life hoping and believing! If a love affair is one-sided, then it's only ever a question, never an answer. You can't live your life waiting for an answer.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|I sit quietly and think about my mom. It's funny how memory erodes, If all I had to work from were my childhood memories, my knowledge of my mother would be faded and soft, with a few sharp memories standing out.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown at Oxford|College towns [are] all the same in that way; same burger, different wrapper.
Amy Lane, Hammer & Air|Hammer does not think he will make it through this next winter. His breath comes short in his chest, and it takes much effort for him to get up and dressed. My body is still creaky and sound, but with every labor of his breath, I think that my heart will not endure. Enduring were Hammer’s gift, not mine, and I will not endure a life in which he does not laugh by my side and touch my hand, wish for the best things for me, and rejoice when I have them. My sturdy, blessed, stoic Hammer—how can life be, without him?
Hilaire Belloc|As cheesy as it sounds, nothing beats a smile and a bit of confidence! As long as you feel good on the inside, you can still look beautiful without any makeup at all.
Sunday Adelaja|People see a Macbeth film. They imagine they have seen Macbeth, and don't want to see it again; so when your Mr. Hackett or somebody comes round to act the play, he finds the house empty. That is what has happened to dozens of good plays whose authors have allowed them to be filmed. It shall not happen to mine if I can help it.
Dick Gregory|As engineers, we were going to be in a position to change the world - not just study it.
Deyth Banger|After watching too many scary movies it was hard not to have an overactive imagination, along with an inherent distrust of seemingly benevolent (and sometimes inanimate) things, like lawn gnomes.
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|Wow," Thalia muttered. "Apollo is hot." "He's the sun god," I said."That's not what I meant.
Bill Shankly|In Hinduism, Shiva is a deity who represents transformation. Through destruction and restoration, Shiva reminds us that endings are beginnings, and that our world is constantly undergoing a cycle of birth, death and rebirth.
Nenia Campbell, Locked and Loaded|She didn't say a work, and I gave up trying, because you couldn't hear either one of us over the shattering noise of hearts breaking and the looming shadow of the last word, the one we refused to say.
|Life never seizes to have a brighter side of it. Unfortunately, many are blindfolded from seeing it because they are fully focused on its dark side.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If we stood close to each other, side by side, as true brothers and sisters, then evil would not know how to stand between us.
Elsie Love|Cottage cheese, broken down into its simplest form, is milk that has been curdled to mimic the cellulite its consumption is meant to banish.
Peter Zumthor|Circles create soothing space, where even reticent people can realize that their voice is welcome.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|A phenomenon that a number of people have noted while in deep depression is the sense of being accompanied by a second self — a wraithlike observer who, not sharing the dementia of his double, is able to watch with dispassionate curiosity as his companion struggles against the oncoming disaster, or decides to embrace it. There is a theatrical quality about all this, and during the next several days, as I went about stolidly preparing for extinction, I couldn't shake off a sense of melodrama — a melodrama in which I, the victim-to-be of self-murder, was both the solitary actor and lone member of the audience.
Joseph O'Neill|I found it idiotically distressing that a sharp finger whistle could no longer summon them outdoors into a playful twilight. An ancient discovery was now mine to make: to leave is to make nothing less than a mortal action. The suspicion came to me for the fist time that they were figures of my dreaming, like the loved dead: my mother and all these vanished boys. And after Mama's cremation I could not rid myself of the notion that she had been placed in the furnace of memory even when alive and, by extension, that one's dealings with others, ostensibly vital, at a certain point become dealings with the dead.
John Shelton Jones, Awakening Kings and Princes Volume I: Sacred Knowledge to Nourish the Mentality, Support Spiritual Growth, Learning the Light, and Progressing to Become a Master Lover While Embracing Desire|Silly little monster” all would say.They’d scratch its head and turn awayuntil it snatched their tiny noses.They couldn’t even smell the roses!Ever after, every childdreaded monsters, fierce or mild.
James Clerk Maxwell|It is of great advantage to the student of any subject to read the original memoirs on that subject, for science is always most completely assimilated when it is in the nascent state...
John Fowles, Daniel Martin|She smiled at him as they waited for their dessert, her chin poised on her clasped hands.'You're being very silent.''That's how men cry.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|When you consciously choose to do what you love, life becomes a pleasure and ceases to be a chore.
Meg Howrey, The Cranes Dance|You shouldn't ask for forgiveness. Because if you ask someone to forgive you, and they do, then that's twice that you've taken something from them. First the betrayal, and then the absolution.
Christopher Buehlman, The Lesser Dead|Envy and respect are not the same things...Before I endow you with respect, I should find out whether your curiosity is intellectual or merely morbid. Not that those who gawk at train derailments are so different from those who conduct autopsies; both want, at some level, to know what has happened, and, by extension, what will happen. Did the liver fail because of the decedent's alcoholism or was some toxin administered? If the deliverer is found, he or she may be imprisoned or, in more honest times, hanged, and thus pose no further threat. Or for the gawker at the accident, espying loose parts not unlike his or her own parts strewn amid wreckage may lead to a sense of awe at death's power, or horror at life's fragility, either of which may be instructive in any number of ways.
Luan|There is an incredible beauty in your touch, it can heal the gravest wounds. And in your smile, that can easily mend any broken heart.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|For the first time, she became vividly aware of how much of her life she had spent with her husband. It had been a period of time utterly devoid of happiness and spontaneity. A time that she'd so far managed to get through only by using up every last reserve of perseverance and consideration. All of it self-inflicted.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|Where ignorance is bliss, awareness is joy, and self-awareness is orgasmic.
Lord Dunsany, The King of Elfland's Daughter|Their eyes persecuted him everywhere, eventually following him all the way into the darkness around his bed and into his dreams, like a madness that threatened to overpower him.
C. JoyBell C.|Why do we laugh at insecurity in other people? Why do you get a kick out of someone feeling insecure? Do you not have your own insecurities to battle with? Do you not have your own battles to fight? So where is the honor in finding amusement in the insecurity of another? If someone stepped in just in time to soothe your own struggling mind, wouldn’t that have made a world of a difference? Then why wouldn’t you do just that, for another? Don’t laugh at the insecurities of another person; because that could very well be you. Soothe the minds of others, because that’s exactly what you know you are in such need of.
R.G. Manse, Screw Friendship|Rosy ferried the drinks back to the table, slid the Guinness his way. “You said you have a show. Is it a comedy?”“No, but you will laugh, I hope, after hearing my qualifications.” His eyes glittered. “I do magic, with a twist. The twist is, my clothes are the first thing to disappear.”Rosy gaped.“Yes. I do magic… naked. I not only have a big ego.” Marek wiggled his middle finger. “I have a big wand.
Theresa Hak Kyung Cha|If words are to be uttered, they would be from behind the partition. Unaccountable is distance, time to transport from this present minute.If words are to be sounded, impress through the partition in ever slight measure to the other side the other signature the other hearing the other speech the other grasp.
Anne Lamott|Good stories are like those noble wild animals that make their home in hidden spots, and you must often settle down at the entrance of the caves and woods and lie in wait for them a long time.
Jude Deveraux|And if Germans do have systematic minds, this is just as likely to be because their exceedingly erratic mother tongue has exhausted their brains' capacity to cope with any further irregularity
Frederick Buechner, Whistling in the Dark: A Doubter's Dictionary|Unbelief is as much of a choice as belief is. What makes it in many ways more appealing is that whereas to believe in something requires some measure of understanding and effort, not to believe doesn't require much of anything at all.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|My world has just become perfect, midnight is also noonday, pain is also joy, a curse is also a blessing, the night is also a sun – be gone, or you will learn: a wise man is also a fool.
Lisa Sanchez, Eve of Samhain|All masculine, hard-bodied and sensual, he was a deadly weapon sent by the gods to drive women mad, and a walking billboard for all things wicked and carnal. Orgasms! Get your orgasms here. Hot and juicy! Just how you like ‘em!
Khaled Hosseini|I think people should know more of Africa in terms of its joie de vivre, its feeling for life. In spite of the images that one knows about Africa - the economic poverty, the corruption - there's a joy to living and a happiness in community, living together, in community life, which may be missing here in America.
Roman Payne|Ô, Muse of the Heart’s Passion,let me relive my Love’s memory,to remember her body, so brave and so free,and the sound of my Dreameress singing to me,and the scent of my Dreameress sleeping by me,Ô, sing, sweet Muse, my soliloquy!
Abraham Lincoln|Whatever you are, be a good one.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sign and Its Children|If emptiness is empty, how can something be borne or awaken from it?
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|Hope replaced fear. Light subsumed darkness. Strength, born of the power of this presence, mingled with Kathryn's own determination and reordered the last of her mangled body and soul, realigning them into all that she had once been.What she would now be was once again an open question.
Shannon L. Alder|God didn’t design your life so you would constantly fall down, but he does hope that you will be brought to your knees.
Murray Bail, Eucalyptus|It is not normal for a body to remain horizontal; beyond a certain length of time it attracts concern. Death and burial ('laid to rest') are seen as the natural horizontal states, which is surely why the calculated falsity of perpendicular deaths, such as hangings, crucifixions, burnings at the stakes, etc. produce such indelible shock.
Ronald Reagan|And the American people are the greatest people in the world. What makes America the greatest nation in the world is the heart of the American people: hardworking, innovative, risk-taking, God- loving, family-oriented American people.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|The world is held together by lies. When I paint, I'm searching for the truth between them, but I'm no better at this than anyone else. Worse, probably.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Luck of the Bodkins|Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow.
Joel R. Beeke, Why Christ Came: 31 Meditations on the Incarnation|Jesus calls all sinners to repent. True repentance is not a nebulous response of sorrow; it requires definite actions. Repentance so transforms the mind that it results in a changed life. Repentance does not merely say “I’m sorry” (similar to what we say when we accidentally step on someone’s foot). Rather, true repentance says from the heart, “I’ve been wrong and grieve over my sin, but now I see the truth, and I will change my ways accordingly.
Sarah Monette, The Tempering of Men|If someone tells you what a story is about, they are probably right.If they tell you that that is all a story is about, they are very definitely wrong.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|In the modern world we are in a paradoxical situation; because although in theory man knows that he can extend his attention to something and then remove it, he very often does not do so. In many areas he does not look at something and then detach from it, and look at something else.Once he has found something to interest himself in, he cannot detach himself from it efficiently, and therefore he cannot be objective. Note that, in most if not all languages, we have words like 'objectivity' which leads people to imagine that they have it, or can easily use it. That is equivalent (in reality if not in theory) to saying 'I know the word “gold”, so I am rich.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I believe that flowers are like people. Flowers come in different colours, shapes and sizes. Some extremely rare and some very common. They are all beautiful in their own unique way.
Michelle Griep, The Captive Heart|Perhaps God is not calling you to live for peace, but rather to fight for it.
Larry Niven|We take off into the cosmos, ready for anything: for solitude, for hardship, for exhaustion, death. Modesty forbids us to say so, but there are times when we think pretty well of ourselves. And yet, if we examine it more closely, our enthusiasm turns out to be all sham. We don't want to conquer the cosmos, we simply want to extend the boundaries of Earth to the frontiers of the cosmos.... We are humanitarian and chivalrous; we don't want to enslave other races, we simply want to bequeath them our values and take over their heritage in exchange. We think of ourselves as the Knights of the Holy Contact. This is another lie. We are only seeking Man. We have no need of other worlds. We need mirrors. (1970 English translation)
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|We all want to ‘count for something’–to make a difference. And, accountability helps us get where want to go in terms of achieving our goals and fulfilling our responsibilities.
Robert Southey|Literature cannot be the business of a woman's life, and it ought not to be.(Southey's reply to Charlotte Bronte)
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|Life will throw hurtles in your path from time to time. And when it does, just remember one thing; God already taught you how to jump. Leap with confidence and if you have to look back, use your experiences as a source of strength.
Sandra Kopp, Warrior Queen of Ha-Ran-Fel|Do not speak wickedness, Tania. God can yet deliver us, if He chooses. If not, we shall glorify Him with our deaths. Jonah Havalseth
Josh Langley, Turning Inside Out - what if everything we've been taught about life is wrong?|Free yourself, unwind, unravel. There’s no right or wrong way, just experience. Learning, understanding.
John Oliver|One thing I have that the majority of other designers don't is humor. That's distinctly my approach, and it was distinctly Franco Moschino's, too.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|When you talk about obesity, there's so many things that can cause that. It can be a medical thing, or down to the individual. There's a lot of other things involved than eating a Mars bar.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|No," I replied testily. "I'm pretty sure 'digital' is Latin for 'fingeral,' so finger cancer equals digital cancer. This is all basic anatomy, Dr. Roland." The Dr. Roland told me that he thought I was overreacting, and the "fingeral" wasn't even a real word. Then I told him that I though he was underreacting, probably because he's embarrassed that he doesn't know how Latin works. Then he claimed that "underrecating" isn't a word either. The man has a terrible bedside manner.
Brenda Sutton Rose|Londoners, with their noses pressed to cold windows, smiled, for a mid-summer storm was raging across England. Zues had blessed their land, taking away the bright happy sun and replacing it with gusty winds, lashing rain and utter misery.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Finally, I realised that No One, howsoever you may consider dearest to you, will never mend their ways to appeal you, for they will only follow their own nature. Accept it! You may like it or dislike it. The irony is in the process there may be phases in individual’s lives where their actions/ behaviour may appease you, but that’s never to be misunderstood that they have changed for you. From an evolutionary psychology standpoint, that’s a rebellious attitude that shapes our society!
Franz Kafka, The Metamorphosis|Our story may have any number of endings, but it begins with a singular choice we make today
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|This is what I'm supposed to be doing this summer. This is how I'm supposed to be passing my days. Figuring out the secret to how she was the most joyful person when she was dying. Because I'm living, and I sure as hell don't have a clue how to feel anything but empty.
Emm Cole, Keeping Merminia|Do you know what it means to be a survivor? It means that not only do you have to live through things, you have to live with them as well. The second part is much harder and sometimes it takes the rest of your life to learn how to do it. But at least you have the rest of your life…
K. Weikel, The Blood Room|I am persuaded our discontents, and murmurings with out unpleasing condition, and our covetous desires after more, are not so provoking to God, nor so destructive to the sinner, as our too sweet enjoying, and rest of spirit in a pleasing state. . . . Our rest is our heaven, and where we take our rest, there we make our heaven(457).
E. M. Cioran|If each of us were to confess his most secret desire  the one that inspires all his plans  all his actions  he would say: "I want to be praised."
R.J. Larson, King|Infinite? Am I forgetting anyone?" Your Creator. Kien almost smiled. True. All things considered, he'd been blessed far more than he deserved. "What, then, should I write to You, my Creator?" He hardly expected an answer, but it came at once, swathing him in comfort. Write your love for Me on your heart, where My Spirit finds it always.
Christina Hendricks|My dad was diagnosed with cancer, so we ended up burying him a year to the day that he was diagnosed.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Change isn't always for the worst; the shell that forms around a piece of sand looks to some people like an irritation, and to others, like a pearl.
August Kubizek, The Young Hitler I Knew|It was not sympathy in the ordinary sense which he [Adolf Hitler] felt for the disinherited. That would not have been sufficient. He not only suffered with them, he lived for them and devoted all his thoughts to the salvation of those people from distress and poverty... his noble and grandiose work, which was intended 'for everybody'...
Luis Fonsi|I think I first realized I wanted to be in country music and be an artist when I was 10. And I started dragging my parents to festivals, and fairs, and karaoke contests, and I did that for about a year before I came to Nashville for the first time. I was 11 and I had this demo CD of me singing Dixie Chicks and Leanne Rimes songs.
Debasish Mridha|We are always swimming in the ocean of love, but most of the time, we just don't realize it.
Lorii Myers|Just saying an intention and leaving it at that will not necessarily result in an outcome, if there is a stronger, more primal belief behind the scenes.
Shawn Lukas|If you have an idea, you will likely have difficulties during the process ofrealization regardless of the type of idea (scientific idea, invention idea,business idea, new product idea, brand idea, advertising idea, etc.).
Leora Cika Waldman, Nirupa and the Book of Shadows|Where are we?" Ni asked."This is my work place and the center ofUniverse as well." Simone said."Do you mean the tower is in the center of Universe?" Ni asked“I mean that we are both in space and inside the tower at the same time.""Why is it so dark here?" Ni asked."At the beginning, it is always dark." Simone replied, "Then everything comes into existence little by little.Even Light is born out of Darkness.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|When sitting down to write a letter, it always pays to calm one’s mood, collect one’s thoughts, and have a plan.
Nina Sankovitch, Tolstoy and the Purple Chair: My Year of Magical Reading|Remembrance is acknowledging that a life was lived ...My father finally wrote out his memories for a reason. I took on a year of reading books for a reason. Because words are witness to life: they record what has happened, and they make it all real.Words create the stories that become history and become unforgettable. Even fiction portrays truth: good fiction is truth. Stories about lives remembered bring us backward while allowing us to move forward.
Amy J. Murphy, Allies and Enemies: Fallen|The girl sleeping and the finisher, willing himself to finish her.Why didn't he finish her?Why couldn't he finish her?
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|If you want to change the world, just change yourself. The world needs traitors.
James Taylor|I like to watch Bourdain and Andrew Zimmern, because I like them when they travel. I like Ina Garten, 'The Barefoot Contessa.' Giada is really nice, but I get a little bit bored with just staying in the kitchen.
Keysi|Our young people, raised under the old rules of courtesy, never indulged in the present habit of talking incessantly and all at the same time. To do so would have been not only impolite, but foolish; for poise, so much admired as a social grace, could not be accompanied by restlessness. Pauses were acknowledged gracefully and did not cause lack of ease or embarrassment.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|My husband hands me my glass, full to the brim with green-gold wine and I stifle my resentment and attempt to smile at him. I mustn’t lose sight of what we have – two beautiful children; an amazing house that I never, in a million years, thought we’d be able to afford; Gill and Andy, my best friends – and this perfect day. I take a deep breath and feel my shoulders relax. I can smell the faintest trace of heather, drifting down from the moor.
Jennifer Loren, The Devil's Eyes|The soul is trapped by the personality/ego.The personality/ego has to have a shift of a higher self-worth, then and only then, can the personality/ego can act on what the soul is saying." Serena Jade
Anthony T.Hincks|If we are to climb that mountain, we had better find that molehill.
Ally Condie, Reached|You could become paralyzed with worry about what might happen to your family, or if you hadn’t yet had children you could decide not to, as a sort of proactive damage control. Either way, you would be derailing your life voluntarily out of fear that it might become ruined by chance. Or you could pick up and move on. Those were the only choices.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Beowulf and the Critics|A man inherited a field in which was an accumulation of old stone, part of an older hall. Of the old stone some had already been used in building the house in which he actually lived, not far from the old house of his fathers. Of the rest he took some and built a tower. But his friends coming perceived at once (without troubling to climb the steps) that these stones had formerly belonged to a more ancient building. So they pushed the tower over, with no little labour, and in order to look for hidden carvings and inscriptions, or to discover whence the man's distant forefathers had obtained their building material. Some suspecting a deposit of coal under the soil began to dig for it, and forgot even the stones. They all said: 'This tower is most interesting.' But they also said (after pushing it over): 'What a muddle it is in!' And even the man's own descendants, who might have been expected to consider what he had been about, were heard to murmur: 'He is such an odd fellow! Imagine using these old stones just to build a nonsensical tower! Why did not he restore the old house? he had no sense of proportion.' But from the top of that tower the man had been able to look out upon the sea.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|If an optimist had his left arm chewed off by an alligator, he might say in a pleasant and hopeful voice, "Well this isn't too bad, I don't have a left arm anymore but at least nobody will ever ask me if I'm left-handed or right-handed," but most of us would say something more along the lines of, "Aaaaaa! My arm! My arm!
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|People should get their information from the source with facts before sharing it. Rumors can be lots of different opinions, based on what other people think. This is where lies begin to build and develop into things that are harmful to others.
Don DeLillo|And you can glance out the window for a moment, distracted by the sound of small kids playing a made-up game in a neighbor's yard, some kind of kickball maybe, and they speak in your voice, or piggyback races on the weedy lawn, and it's your voice you hear, essentially, under the glimmerglass sky, and you look at the things in the room, offscreen, unwebbed, the tissued grain of the deskwood alive in light, the thick lived tenor of things, the argument of things to be seen and eaten, the apple core going sepia in the lunch tray, and the dense measures of experience in a random glance, the monk's candle reflected in the slope of the phone, hours marked in Roman numerals, and the glaze of the wax, and the curl of the braided wick, and the chipped rim of the mug that holds your yellow pencils, skewed all crazy, and the plied lives of the simplest surface, the slabbed butter melting on the crumbled bun, and the yellow of the yellow of the pencils, and you try to imagine the word on the screen becoming a thing in the world, taking all its meanings, its sense of serenities and contentments out into the streets somehow, its whisper of reconciliation, a word extending itself ever outward, the tone of agreement or treaty, the tone of repose, the sense of mollifying silence, the tone of hail and farewell, a word that carries the sunlit ardor of an object deep in drenching noon, the argument of binding touch, but it's only a sequence of pulses on a dullish screen and all it can do is make you pensive--a word that spreads a longing through the raw sprawl of the city and out across the dreaming bournes and orchards to the solitary hills.Peace.
Abhishek  Kumar, The Richest Engineer|Getting rich takes focus, courage, knowledge, expertise, 100% of your effort, a never give-up attitude and a deep desire & commitment.
Ranata Suzuki|When you experience loss, people say you’ll move through the 5 stages of grief….Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Acceptance….. What they don’t tell you is that you’ll cycle through them all every day.
Mary-Kate Olsen|As long as you smile, have sparkly eyes and stick your shoulders back, nobody's going to notice your bum or your waist or your feet, for that matter.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Although your decision to die is firm, your decision to become a god has caused you to suffer. You suffered, wondering why you couldn't cure Magdalia's illness, wondering why you weren't capable of saving her. All you wanted to do was protect your only sister, wasn't that it? Not in heaven, but here on Earth. You wanted to make Lady Maldaria happy more than anything else, didn't you? And so now, to avoid the guilt of your loved one dying at your expense, you're willing to die yourself. You've already come to this realization. You know you aren't god. You're just a fragile human being who's capable of feeling pain and having doubts. Go back to being an ordinary man and start all over again for the sake of those who look up to you."-Kenshin
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|There are two decisions you need to make after you have accepted Jesus into your life. One: You need to make the decision to get over your past. You will not grow unless you make a conscious decision to get over your past. Two: Once you have made that decision, you need to trust God to help you get over your past...You didn’t just automatically become a Christian, did you? You weren’t made a Christian by just going to church. Just like you are not made a car by sitting in a garage all day! You have to make a decision.
|You and you alone have the power to convince yourself to believe that you are inferior to others. Therefore, it's your sole responsibility to never look down on yourself. God definitely doesn't think that you are inferior or unimportant.
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|But karma is not in fact a material accumulation, and does not depend on externals; rather its power to condition us depends on the obstacles that impede our knowledge. If we compare our karma and the ignorance that creates it to a dark room, knowledge of the primordial state would be like a lamp, which, when lit in the room, at once causes the darkness to disappear, enlightening everything. In the same way, if one has the presence of the primordial state, one can overcome all hindrances in an instant.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|Please understand. Please forgive me.I prayed every day for you to be alive, until hope became painful.Don't hate me.I still love you.
Cherry MPIO|In scientific discovery, it’s not the subject or object reveals the information to the scientist, but the awareness field of his own mind, reveals the details, at the time of deep focus on the subject or object.
Rhonda Byrne, The Secret|Every action of giving creates an opposite action of receiving and what you receive is always equal to what you've given. Whatever you give out in life, must return to you. It is the physics and the mathematics of the universe.
Abbi Glines, Kiro's Emily|Despite the love songs humankind churns out like butter, true lovers don't come together every day. As the Mercinaries ply their trade - destroying hope, crushing compassion, inciting war and violence - soul-mated pairs are becoming an endangered species.
Phyllis A. Whitney, Guide to Fiction Writing|A good book isn't written, it's rewritten.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we commit our lives to the Lord,He lives in us, He gives us grace and power to accomplish far greater things.
Claudio Hummes|I ask you, people who care about the soul of Ukraine, those who want to preserve the heart, the spirit and the faith of our country for future generations, to please defend it.
Plamen Chetelyazov, Flaws of Oblivion|For everyone has a destiny. A destiny not found in the pages of a hefty book; a destiny not found in heaven or in hell. No, our destinies are embedded in our bodies.
Chris Smith, The Daily Show: An Oral History as Told by Jon Stewart, the Correspondents, Staff and Guests|Are you strange like me, are you insane? Are you the wildfire, that loves pouring rain...
Cindi Madsen, Cinderella Screwed Me Over|Meet Logan Jackson, smug, self-entitled, proud, arrogant, trust-fund brat.
Ian Fleming, Casino Royale|Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no 
E. Patricia Conner|End the eternal battle of beliefs once and for all. If you are a believer, love your fellow non-believer for all the good things he or she has to offer. And if you are an atheist, then love your fellow believer for all the positivity he or she possesses.
Lois Greiman, One Hot Mess|Some people say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. In actuality, you have to make an incision through his skin, both dermis and epidermis, then carefully sever and separate the sternum. Only upon viewing the exposed thoracic cavity can you reach the heart--if indeed the male of the species actually possesses such an organ.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Indomitable will, purposeful action
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|Religion isn't the opium of the people, it's the hypocrisy.
Dembe Michael|I'm just a common sense person, i don't judge others, i feel we all may have to face at an unknown time and i also think that with great power comes great responsibility. i just say a short prayer for those in office, and will continue to as long as i may: God the whole universe is subject to you, we live in a political reality that can seem far removed from your kingdom. bless those who lead my country. correct their errors and strengthen every good impulse.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Arrogance is born of insecurity. Pride is different. It is born of dignity, self-worth, and self-respect. We all see the world through the prism of our identity. If our self-worth is low, it affects everything we do. The point of life is to contribute to others, but without a certain self-regard, it is sometimes difficult to make breakfast.
Thea Harris, Pour the Oil|Many people, through diverse spiritual practices and disciplines have sought enlightenment. Various phenomena, some of them potentially quite captivating, may occur along the path of spiritual development whether it leads to true enlightenment or not. They can be helpful if used wisely, but are neighed the sign of enlightenment nor the requirements for enlightenment. These can includes extrasensory perception (sometimes called ESP), remote viewing, or "miraculous" healing. However, the essence of enlightenment, above and beyond all phenomena, is a big understanding, which gives you a deep and wide perspective to see the world as a whole, and a capacity to accept with compassion all that is.
|There is a bright to even the darkest circumstance, if you have the courage to look for it.
Alan Lightman|Now it is evident that a little insight into the customs of every people is necessary to insure a kindly communication; this, joined with patience and kindness, will seldom fail with the natives of the interior.
Jane Velez-Mitchell|I'd love to give my girls a traditional Thanksgiving with turkey and all that jazz, but we've raised them to love Tuscan food so much that they don't care for it. My favorite is a nice polenta with beef stew and broccoli rabe on the side.
Pankaj Mishra (#iampm)|You are wise only if despite of being capable of taking a revenge & holding onto a grudge, you choose to forgive!
Vladimir Sergeyevich Solovyov, The Meaning of Love|But see you, we should travel by night. Dark times for dark business, as they says. No sun to bother Valeriana or you, Kaylana's surely no' disadvantaged, and I know I work better in darkness. Anybody looking for us will have a harder time of it. Besides, marching in daylight is for the heroes. If we're going to do this, we may as well go all out.
Ted Cruz|Our nuclear scientists and engineers have done a splendid job, and naturally, the entire nation has risen to salute their professional excellence, discipline, and patriotism. They have had the benefit of having been led in the past by great men like Homi Bhabha and Vikram Sarabhai.
W.H. Auden, Collected Poems|Happy the hare at morning, for she cannot readThe hunter's waking thoughts.
Joel Osteen, Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential|It's the craziest thing, but I can't stop thinking about you.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Mercy|Our mind is a wonderful place, people, aspirations, desires & things can walk-in any time, but it takes longer time for ideas to enter, due to the effort & change required to make–up our mind about not only allowing the ideas in our mind but also implementing it.
Nicholas Sparks, The Longest Ride|Every book of tactics in the regiment was in use from morning until night, and the officers and non-commissioned officers were always studying the problems presented at the schools.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|It gives the war a whole new dimension, you know, hearing from someone right there in the thick of it. They really connected with it.’‘Maybe it reminds them of school,’ she suggests. ‘Didn’t someone describe the trenches as ninety-nine per cent boredom and one per cent terror?’‘I don’t know about boredom. God, the chaos of it, the brutality. And it’s so vivid. I’d definitely be interested in reading his poetry, if only to see how he can go from describing, you know, people getting their guts blown out, to writing about love.’‘Maybe it’s not that much of a leap,’ she says.
W.S. Merwin|He retrieved the words from somewhere long forgotten. They floated through the foggy recesses of his mind, plucked from the dark and released into the air like a dove.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman|The true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art. To women he is half vivisector, half vampire. He gets into intimate relations with them to study them, to strip the mask of convention from them, to surprise their inmost secrets, knowing that they have the power to rouse his deepest creative energies, to rescue him from his cold reason, to make him see visions and dream dreams, to inspire him, as he calls it. He persuades women that they may do this for their own purpose whilst he really means them to do it for his. He steals the mother’s milk and blackens it to make printer’s ink to scoff at her and glorify ideal women with. He pretends to spare her the pangs of child-bearing so that he may have for himself the tenderness and fostering that belong of right to her children. Since marriage began, the great artist has been known as a bad husband. But he is worse: he is a child-robber, a blood-sucker, a hypocrite, and a cheat. Perish the race and wither a thousand women if only the sacrifice of them enable him to act Hamlet better, to paint a finer picture, to write a deeper poem, a greater play, a profounder philosophy! For mark you, Tavy, the artist’s work is to shew us ourselves as we really are. Our minds are nothing but this knowledge of ourselves; and he who adds a jot to such knowledge creates new mind as surely as any woman creates new men. In the rage of that creation he is as ruthless as the woman, as dangerous to her as she to him, and as horribly fascinating. Of all human struggles there is none so treacherous and remorseless as the struggle between the artist man and the mother woman. Which shall use up the other? that is the issue between them. And it is all the deadlier because, in your romanticist cant, they love one another.
Martha Beck|I grew up with a tribe of amazing women, but certainly my mother and my godmother really modeled women as actors.
Elizabeth Alexander, The Light of the World|Self-hatred is the inevitable byproduct of the culture of narcissism in which we all have been reared. We learn from day one how special and wonderful we are. Or conversely, and perhaps more pervasively, we do not learn this at all and instead are subjected to glorified views of others through the media whom we idealize and envy. At the root of it all are inappropriate expectations about life, about ourselves, and an overvaluation of self that breeds profound isolation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|No matter how long the journey takes, don’t give up. Keep travelling onwards.
Julius Lester, The Autobiography of God|Often, the human animal dresses terror in rage, and expresses both in a way unlike either.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Yet there be certain times in a young man’s life, when, through great sorrow or sin, all the boy in him is burnt and seared away so that he passes at one step to the more sorrowful state of manhood
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|He will choose us," Julian said. "We are his family."Kieran's eye shone. "I wouldn'tbe so sure, young Shadowhunter. Those of the Hunt are loyal to the Hunt.""He isn't of the Hunt," Emma said. "He is a Blackthorn.
T.M.  Williams, Bohemian Grove|Relax in your own home, Kylie. It's one of the few places on earth you're free to be as you really are.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Noah's Story|She averted his eyes, but not before he recognized the pain in them, a tormented and languished gaze, a stare preserved for people who were able to love deeply enough that they could be destroyed by it.
Kristen Simmons, The Glass Arrow|Don't waste your time thinking about things you can't change, live in the moment
Catharine MacKinnon|In other words, for purposes of sex discrimination law, to be a woman means either to be like a man or like a lady. We have to meet either the male standard for males or the male standard for females.
Mary Wollstonecraft|If you look back in history of the women who are most memorable and most stylish, they were never the followers of fashion. They were the ones who were unique in their style, breakers of the rules. They were authentic, genuine, original. They were not following the trends.
Shannon L. Alder|Milk is very nice, especially with a drop of brandy in it, but the domestic cow is only too glad to be rid of it. A swollen udder is very uncomfortable
Elvis Presley|That said, my kids are at home right now with my husband and I'm missing something important at my daughter's school which makes me feel sick inside. It's a lot of balance and a lot of really hard decision making.
Virginia Postrel|All our efforts to guard and guide our children may just get in the way of the one thing they need most from us: to be deeply loved yet left alone so they can try a new skill, new slang, new style, new flip-flops. So they can trip a few times, make mistakes, cross them out, try again, with no one keeping score.
Eraldo Banovac|Had she been a more instinctive, "natural" cook, she might have felt less compelled to parse each recipe, to tackle each one as though getting it right were a matter of life and death.
Esther Perel|As far as I am concerned sexuality no longer exists. I used to call this indifference serenity: all at once I have come to see it in another light—it is a mutilation; it is the loss of a sense. The lack of it makes me blind to the needs, the pains, and the joys of those who do possess it.
Bo Bennett|The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.
James Patterson, Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas|Imagine life is a game in which you are juggling five balls. The balls are called work, family, health, friends, and integrity. And you're keeping all of them in the air. But one day you finally come to understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. The other four balls...are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be irrevocably scuffed, nicked, perhaps even shattered.
Angel Phetheni|We tend to forget that everything has an ending, so enjoy it while you can still see it around you.
Mindy McGinnis, The Female of the Species|Even with my bachelor’s degree, I still felt more comfortable at the strip club than anywhere else. And that feeling hit me the very first time I walked through those doors. While I initially starting dancing to avoid eviction, I stayed because I felt more at home in the strip club than I did in college, at church and at my parent’s. Not only was I accustomed to feeling degraded, I believed I didn’t deserve any better or that any man would treat me better than the men at the club.
Vishwanath S J|Independence can neither be created nor destroyed just like energy! It can only be transferred from a fearless, resilient, intelligent & visionary "form" to another, regardless of what gender you are born with. It's the energy that seeks to free your mind.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|When the conversation turns too quickly to films,I see it as a sign of weakness.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|We are bodies, sometimes with dreams and always with desires.
Jordan Stratford, The Case of the Missing Moonstone|I wasn’t a class clown, because nuns have no sense of humor. They have rulers.
Deyth Banger|And the weird weird thing about this story of Angela's Ring was that it didn't even have a point to it, no happy ending, no lesson to be learnt.It was like one person's cry of pain, echoing out on and on and on trough the generations, even after that person was long long dead.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|I've heard it said that God is in the details. It's the same with the truth. Leave out the details, the crucial heart, and you can damn someone with the bare bones of it.
Andrew Davies|I was always an observer, even as a child. I could be satisfied to sit in a car for 3 hours and just look at the street go by while my mother went shopping.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I often ask myself, 'Who would Jesus vote for?' Then I start to think that he wouldn't vote at all; however, it would not be out of apathy or disinterest, but out of perfection and light. As a miracle worker, I think he would, by the power of God's teachings, the perseverance and the truth, influence in a modern sense whoever is put into office how to best serve his fellow men. One, like his skeptics, may find that impractical. But there is a message in that no man in power can slow the momentum of the will of God, and the miracles of his teachings will be forever victorious.
Brian Johnson|I have had the opportunity to become acquainted with many wonderful people from many walks of life. I have known rich and poor, famous and modest, wise and otherwise.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|where the telescope ends the microscope begins, and who can say which has the wider vision?
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|When you are entrusted with a secret, you become irrevocably accountable for what you do or don't do after your mind is colored by the knowledge of it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Ah! I wish I had the courage to work for the debasement of my contemporaries. What good work it would be to defile their daughters: to insinuate something obscene into the infantile hands which caress each paternal beard and cheek; to poison them, even at the risk of perishing ourselves; to do as those Spanish monks did, who drank death in order that they might persuade the French rabble which had violated their monastery to do likewise.
David Attenborough|I only travel to good material, a good director and a good company. I won't work in another country for a year any longer, because I have a lovely wife and I adore her and I can't bear to be away from her.
Henry Moore|Artists themselves are not confined, but their output is.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|Brave is doing the right thing, because it is the right thing to do.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|The memory was unpleasant; he'd taken an instant disliking to the man. Compounding Peter's distrust, Chase was wearing a necktie, the most incomprehensible article of clothing in the history of the world.
Marty Rubin|Seekers, what are you seeking? Why aren't you happy just to be alive?
Eugene V. Debs|If I were hungry and friendless today, I would rather take my chances with a saloon-keeper than with the average preacher.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I am accountable for every lie that I tell, but I am also accountable for the effects of every harsh truth I deliver.
Joanne Harris, Doctor Who: The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Time Traveller|All photographers have to do, is find and catch the story-telling moment.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|The clock’s pendulum catches the firelight, and in the rattle-breathed final moments of Jacob de Zoet, amber shadows in the far corner coagulate into a woman’s form. She slips between the bigger, taller onlookers unnoticed … … and adjusts her headscarf, the better to hide her burn. She places her cool palms on Jacob’s fever-glazed face.Jacob sees himself, when he was young, in her narrow eyes. Her lips touch the place between his eyebrows. A well-waxed paper door slides open.
James Hollis, Under Saturn's Shadow: The Wounding and Healing of Men|Our society has long treated men as machines, as bodies expendable in the name of progress or profit. Men have overruled their pain and soul's delight, taught to think of themselves as "mechanisms". Such an estrangement wounds very deeply; it has gone on so long and is so taken for granted that healing individuals, let alone a whole gender, is a dubious undertaking. But the beat goes on, the Saturnian shadow lives, the only game in town, and shame on the defector. The wounding is institutionalized and sanctified, and men unwittingly collude in their own crucifixion.
Anna Bell, The Bucket List to Mend a Broken Heart|There are plenty of other ways to mend a broken heart, and doing some list full of stuff that you don't want to do doesn't have to be one of them.
Douglas John Hall, Imaging God: Dominion as Stewardship|Darkness entered into, darkness realized, is the point of departure for all profound expressions of Christian hope. 'Meaningless darkness' becomes 'revelatory darkness' when it is confronted by the courage of a thoughtfulness and hope that is born of faith's quest for truth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Shelley, you’re just like that oyster.” God confronted me on the deeper areas of my life that I wouldn’t let Him open up and heal. When Garrett saw me walk off alone over the sandy hills, he knew God was leading me to a healing moment. Standing on the edge of the salty waters of Puget Sound, I allowed God to reach into the darkest places in my heart and expose the ugly lies I believed about myself. Huge salty tears pouring out like waves, God assured me He threw my sins out as far as the east is from the west. The tremendous shame and guilt I carried for so many years was being literally washed away into the Pacific Ocean. I was no longer a broken child of sexual abuse but a cherished Champion daughter of the Most High God.
Mishi McCoy|There are parts of me that are broken. Thank you, they don't need fixing. There are places and people that I don't 'fit in' with. Thank you, I don't belong.There are words that have a comletely different meaning to me than for others. Thank you, I appreciate my own unique values.There are moments that I feel all alone in the world. Thank you, I rather enjoy and appreciate my solitude.There are people who judge me because they find me to be too shallow or too deep. Thank you, I love exploring the entirety of the ocean.There are people who truly love and value me just as I am. Thank you, you enrich my life profoundly. There is always room for expansion to grow, grace for every mistake, strength made perfect in every weakness and highest kudos for the courage to continue this adventurous soul mission called Life. Thank you, I am truly happy to be here.
Mary Balogh, Slightly Dangerous|And infatuated be damned. He was near to being blinded by his attraction to her. He was in love, damn it all. He disliked her, he resented her, he disapproved of almost everything about her, yet he was head over ears in love with her, like a foolish schoolboy.He wondered grimly what he was going to do about it.He was not amused.Or in any way pleased.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies|Oh, you're a picky sort, huh?" He laughed. "That takes balls, being choosy at a time like this.
David Bareño|This is what entrepreneurship is all about. You start off operating from a garage. And, end up, operating from a car.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Just as one spoils the stomach by overfeeding and thereby impairs the whole body, so can one overload and choke the mind by giving it too much nourishment. For the more one reads the fewer are the traces left of what one has read; the mind is like a tablet that has been written over and over. Hence it is impossible to reflect; and it is only by reflection that one can assimilate what one has read. If one reads straight ahead without pondering over it later, what has been read does not take root, but is for the most part lost.
Debasish Mridha|If not love, then what? If not now, then when?
Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish|It's ever so important to believe in what you do, trust your ability to create and show yourself worthy. Never sell yourself short.
Nina Leavins|If we all started using the Self Care System, there would hardly be need for the Medical System
Timothy Joshua|If love is an illusion, you must be pure magic.
Maya Angelou|Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|Here's the thing- I love you and I love her, but I swear to God I'll kick your ass if you hurt her.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Someday your life will be over, no matter how much attention you give to your health. Will you look back with regret, because you nourished your body but starved your soul?
Robert Greene, Mastery|The conventional mind is passive - it consumes information and regurgitates it in familiar forms. The dimensional mind is active, transforming everything it digests into something new and original, creating instead of consuming.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|The dangers that we face are part of the process, now well underway, of the unification of the planet--in language, culture, science, and commerce. They are both driven by the identical technological advances--this critical and delicate time coincides with the widespread availability of nuclear weapons. At the present rate of change, it seems likely that in the period between now and 2061, the turning point for the human species will have been reached.If we survive until then, our passage to the next apparition of Halley's Comet should be comparatively easy. That perihelion passage will be in March 2134, when the comet will make an unusually close encounter with the Earth. It will come as close as 0.09AU or 14 million kilometers, less than half the distance of the 1910 encounter. It will then be brighter than the brightest star. If there are those to do the commemorating, the years 2061 and 2134 should be celebrated for the courage, intelligence, and common purpose of a species forced by urgent necessity to come to its senses.
Tom Deaderick, Flightpack|Don't be telling me--can't be done. That's some god damney white talk, that's what that is.
Paula Altenburg, Her Secret, His Surprise|He simply smiled at her with a soft, gentle expression in his eyes that warmed her all over, then he took her jacket from her and held it so she could slide her arms into the sleeves. His knuckles brushed against her bare shoulders, trailing prickles of heat in their wake. “You look really beautiful, Cass.
Henry St. John|Truth never yet fell dead in the streets; it has such affinity with the soul of man, the seed however broadcast will catch somewhere and produce its hundredfold.
Michael Chabon, Manhood for Amateurs|The degree to which the psychiatric community is complicit with abusive parents in drugging non-compliant children is a war crime across the generations, and there will be a Nuremberg at some point in the future
Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures|The things that brought me the most comfort now were too small to list. Raspberries in cream. Sparrows with cocked heads. Shadows of bare limbs making for sidewalk filigrees. Roses past their prime with their petals loose about them. The shouts of children at play in the neighborhood, Ginger Rogers on the black-and-white screen.
Cornel West, The Cornel West Reader|Our economy is based on spending billions to persuade people that happiness is buying things, and then insisting that the only way to have a viable economy is to make things for people to buy so they’ll have jobs and get enough money to buy things.
Richard Curtis|Cause if you shoot a bullet someone dies. If you drop a bomb many die. You hit a woman, love dies. But if you say the F-word... nothing actually happens.
Jessi Kirby, Things We Know by Heart|Each heartbeat begins with a single, electrical impulse, or "spark." The distinctive sound we hear through a stethoscope, or when we place our head on a loved one's chest, is the sound of the heart valves opening and closing in perfect synchronicity with each other. It is a two-party rhythm - a delicate dance of systole and diastole, which propels the heart's electrically charged particles through its chambers roughly every second of the day, every day of our lives.
Ellen Hopkins|LightThat's how I feel-like the winter-fringedbreeze might scoopme up into its wings,flyaway with me trappedin its feathered embrace.I am a snowflake.A wisp of eiderdown,liberatedfrom gravity. My bodyis light. Ephemeral.My head is light.I want to swaybeneaththe weight of air,dizzy with thought.Light filters throughmy closed eyelids.The sun,chasing shadows,tells me I'm notafloat in dreams.
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|I am Desire, am I not? That is what I am; that is what I do. I make things want things. Where I touch, things want and need and love - drawn to their objects of desire like butterflies to a candle-flame.
Laura Smith|Don’t tell Mom, but I think my little emergency last night was a sign. And I was thinking of you when it happened. So, I’m worried that this is a prediction about you. Do you have something big planned? Something dangerous that you’re going to do?”	Mike looked away. He didn’t want to lie to her but he also couldn’t tell her his plan. 	“Well, whatever it is, don’t do it, okay? You’re going to get the feeling soon too. I know it,” she yawned, “It feels like it’s a long way off, but I’ve never had this strong a reaction before. And now that I’m stuck in bed, I can’t help you…or stop you. So please, whatever you’re doing, let it go, okay? Especially if it’s about the shop. Just let me handle it.”	“I’ll be careful,” he said. 	“Huh?” she yawned again. 	He didn’t answer. Her eyelids grew heavy until they closed all the way. Mike lifted the sheet that was turned down from the bed and draped it over her. Then, he left the room, closing the door behind him. - Saving Hascal's Horrors
Hunter Hayes|The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.
Denise Duhamel|The busybody (banned as sexist, demeaning to older women) who lives next door called my daughter a tomboy (banned as sexist) when she climbed the jungle (banned; replaced with "rain forest") gym. Then she had the nerve to call her an egghead and a bookworm (both banned as offensive; replaced with "intellectual") because she read fairy (banned because suggests homosexuality; replace with "elf") tales.I'm tired of the Language Police turning a deaf ear (banned as handicapism) to my complaints. I'm no Pollyanna (banned as sexist) and will not accept any lame (banned as offensive; replace with "walks with a cane") excuses at this time. (banned as ethnocentric; replace with "Doctrine" or "Belief"), why can't my daughter play stickball (banned as regional or ethnic bias) on boy's night out (banned as sexist)? Why can't she build a snowman (banned, replace with "snow person") without that fanatic (banned as ethnocentric; replace with "believer," "follower," or "adherent") next door telling her she's going to hell (banned; replaced with "heck" or "darn")?Do you really think this is what the Founding Fathers (banned as sexist; replace with "the Founders" or "the Framers") had in mind? That we can't even enjoy our Devil (banned)-ed ham sandwiches in peace? I say put a stop to this cult (banned as ethnocentric) of PC old wives' tales (banned as sexist; replace with "folk wisdom") and extremist (banned as ethnocentric; replace with "believer," "follower," or "adherent") conservative duffers (banned as demeaning to older men).As an heiress (banned as sexist; replace with "heir") to the first amendment, I feel that only a heretic (use with caution when comparing religions) would try to stop American vernacular from flourishing in all its inspirational (banned as patronizing when referring to a person with disabilities) splendor.
Ursula K. Le Guin|This isn't a place for lies or pretending everything's all right. We know everything is not all right. If it were, you wouldn't be here. Now. Where did you go?
Sarah Mayberry, Anything for You|New hair, new clothes-the classic relationship break-up makeover," Jake
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Small wonder how pitiably we love our home, cling in her skirts at night, rejoice in her wide star-seducing smile, when every star strikes us sick with the fright: do we really exist at all?
Dee Dee Artner|Be wise. Banish the self-limiting words: “I don’t know how to …” “I can’t do that because …” “I never have any money …” Every negative phrase you utter in a day, is like poison to your soul. Your subconscious hears it and believes it. This limits you in ways you cannot even fathom.
Christian Lander, Stuff White People Like: A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions|Good writing is the hardest form of thinking. It involves the agony of turning profoundly difficult thoughts into a lucid form and forcing them into the tightfitting uniform of language, making them visible and clear.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|This. I live in this place, make porridge, scrub toilets, do laundry, and for days, weeks, I am brave and I do get out of bed and I think on this. I study this, the full life, the being fully ready for the end. I start to think that maybe there is a way out of nightmares to dreams? Maybe?
Peter Ustinov|If the world should blow itself up, the last audible voice would be that of an expert saying it can't be done.
Jan Garavaglia|3310There are two kinds of people in the world: givers and takers. The takers came to know eat better, but the givers sleep better. So I want to be both. Because I want to eat and sleep both better for good health.
Nicola Sturgeon|To allow injustice and inequality invites a Ferguson to your community. We must stand together, black, white, brown, red, and yellow and fight for justice and equality for all. It's the only way to avoid more Fergusons.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|The laws of physics say if there’s a party, Isla will eventually end up dancing on a table.
Zack Love, The Doorman|My decision to become a teacher suddenly seemed even more appropriate. Life had just become that much more unpredictably precarious and ill-suited to long-term planning, and it felt that much more necessary to spread love and knowledge to those who would one day have to manage this messy and painful world of ours"Also in Zack Love's "Stories and Scripts: an Anthology
黃玉華, Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time|Time slowed as metal shards enveloped her like shattered glass. None pierced her of course, but it seemed as though she might be able to reach out and pluck one from the sky.She settled for stretching out an imagined hand, palm upturned, and letting a shard fall through it untouched like the ghost she had become.
Jack White|How can a doctor judge a woman's sanity by merely bidding her good morning and refusing to hear her pleas for release? Even the sick ones know it is useless to say anything, for the answer will be that it is their imagination.
Regis Philbin|When it's said and done, the one thing I want to leave on this earth is hope. I have felt hopelessness, and it's a terrible feeling. Hopelessness will destroy you. I want to bring hope to other people.
Guy Fieri|My dad always taught me never to give up in my mind. You can never really beat me. It sounds ridiculous, but I will always come back for you. You can't beat someone who never gives up. I could lose 100 times to you, but I will always get you. I will die trying. This applies not only to swimming but to my life as well.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Feeling its power, one Civil War paper trumpeted that Milton and Homer were for another age but for this one was the New York Herald.
Jay Posey, Three|Lady Moon rose an' gazed o'er my busted'n'beautsome Valleys with silv'ry'n'sorryin' eyes, an' the dingos mourned for the died uns.
Ansel Adams|When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.
Cassandra Clare, Bitter of Tongue|There's an old folk saying that goes: whenever you delete a sentence from your NaNoWriMo novel, a NaNoWriMo angel loses its wings and plummets, screaming, to the ground. Where it will likely require medical attention.
Jamie Le Fay, Disillusion|Your gaze is very powerful, but trust me, it won't open that door
Lydia Davis|If you think of something, do it.Plenty of people often think, “I’d like to do this, or that.
Karen Pryor, Don't Shoot the Dog!: The New Art of Teaching and Training|Training is a loop, a two-way communication in which an event at one end of the loop changes events at the other, exactly like a cybernetic feedback system; yet many psychologists treat their work as something they do to a subject, not with the subject.
Agatha Christie Mallowan, Come, Tell Me How You Live|I pass to the Stationery Department. I buy several fountain and stylographic pens - it being my experience that, though a fountain pen in England behaves in an exemplary manner, the moment it is let loose in desert surroundings, it perceives that it is at liberty to go on strike and behaves accordingly, either spouting ink indiscriminately over me, my clothes, my notebook and anything else handy, or else coyly refusing to do anything but scratch invisibly across the surface of the paper. I also buy a modest two pencils. Pencils are, fortunately, not temperamental, and though given to a knack of quiet disappearance, I have always a resource at hand. After all, what is the use of an architect if not to borrow pencils from.
Joe E. Lewis|We can safely abandon the doctrine of the eighties, namely that the rich were not working because they had too little money, the poor because they had much.
Jerry Falwell, Jr.|It was funny that rank-and-file evangelicals were ahead of all the leadership. They saw for decades conservative Republicans had made promises to them on issues that were important to Christians and conservatives when they were running for office. But when they won, they didn't keep those promises.
Yuvaraja Dhayanithi, Merjella|Expressing anger is an art. The more grace you apply to it, the more effective it shall be.
Emily Thorne|In the art of war, if you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the approaching battles. But if you know only yourself and not the enemy, for every victory, there will also be defeat.
Monica Lewinsky|As a former federal judge, I am cognizant of the legal issues. As governor, I am forced to deal with their ramifications.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You think you know me, I've barely peeled back one layer.
Mary Karr|If we didn't read people who were bastards, we'd never read anything. Even the best of us are at least part-time bastards.
Sara Sheridan|Librarians have always been among the most thoughtful and helpful people. They are teachers without a classroom. No libraries, no progress.
Sam Harris, Letter to a Christian Nation|The president of the United States has claimed, on more than one occasion, to be in dialogue with God. If he said that he was talking to God through his hairdryer, this would precipitate a national emergency. I fail to see how the addition of a hairdryer makes the claim more ridiculous or offensive.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The ocean was back in the pond, and the only knowledge I was left with, as if I had woken from a dream on a summer's day, was that it had not been long ago since I had known everything. I looked at Lettie in the moonlight. "Is that how it is for you? I asked. "Is what how it is for me?" "Do you still know everything, all the time?" ...She wrinkled her nose. "Everybody did. I told you. It's nothing special, knowing how things work. And you really do have to give it all up if you want to play." "To play what?" "This," she said. She waved at the house and the sky and the impossible full moon and the skeins and the shawls and clusters of bright stars.
Tim O'Brien|Having been part of this wonderful show ever since series one, I know all too well what it's like to perform to the nation on the famous 'Strictly Come Dancing' dancefloor.
L. Ron Hubbard|Human relations are built on feeling, not on reason or knowledge. And feeling is not an exact science; like all spiritual qualities, it has the vagueness of greatness about it.
Winston S. Churchill|In the long years to come, not only will the people of this island but of the world, wherever the bird of freedom chirps in human hearts, look back to what we've done, and they will say 'do not despair, do not yield...march straightforward.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|The AI does not hate you, nor does it love you, but you are made out of atoms which it can use for something else.
Debasish Mridha|Attachment is the source of pain, but detachment is the source of joy.
Brad Meltzer, History Decoded: The 10 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time|In the end, one detail is unarguable: There will always be those searching for treasure. Never forget: We are a country founded on legends and myths. We love them, especially legends of treasure. Looking for treasure isn't just part of being an American, it is America.
Salman Rushdie, Imaginary Homelands: Essays and Criticism 1981-1991|Meaning is a shaky edifice we build out of scraps, dogmas, childhood injuries, newspaper articles, chance remarks, old fillms, small victories, people hated, people loved; perhaps it is because our sense of what is the case is constructed from such inadequate materials that we defend it so fiercely, even to death.
George S. Patton Jr.|It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived.
Robert Greenleaf|It begins with the natural feeling that one wants to serve, to serve first. Then conscious choice brings one to aspire to lead. That person is sharply different from one who is leader first, perhaps because ofthe need to assuage an unusual power drive.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|June cackled with delight, muttering, "Whoops!" as a car almost killed them.
Christine Heppermann, Poisoned Apples: Poems for You, My Pretty|Gingerbread I knew I had to get out of therebefore the icing cracked and they discoveredthat I'm burnt around the edges,doughy in the center,that what they thought was sugaris salt.If I was a good girl,if I could satisfy their cravings, if every dream in my misshapen headdidn't bite, I might have stayed at the table.Wouldn't you run, too,from such voracious love?
Jack Donovan|Civilization comes at a cost of manliness. It comes at a cost of wildness, of risk, of strife. It comes at a cost of strength, of courage, of mastery. It comes at a cost of honor. Increased civilization exacts a toll of virility, forcing manliness into further redoubts of vicariousness and abstraction
Jeremy Bentham, Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation|We only labor to stuff the memory, and leave the conscience and the understanding unfurnished and void.
Peter Marshall|The first thing is to hang on to everybody who is talented, who is entrepreneurial, who wants to make an impact and a change and start attracting ones.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|Trust that in doing so you will be on your path and the directions will recalculate themselves—just like it does when you key in an address in your satellite navigation or GPRS and then start driving your car. Without moving at all, it can’t tell you where to go, so act you must. The path is lit with the first step.
Sunday Adelaja|To live is to die. To die is to live. To avoid death, is to avoid living.
Ron Brackin|Indeed, we should be trying to reach out to those who don’t know Jesus Christ, which is impossible in an atmosphere of hostility.
Walter C. Wright, Relational Leadership: A Biblical Model for Leadership Service|If people are not making mistakes, they are not trying new things. If they are making the same mistake twice, they are not learning new things!
Matshona Dhliwayo|The early bird gets the worm, and the early fox gets the bird.
Margaret Atwood, Surfacing|The reason they invented coffins, to lock the dead in, preserve them, they put makeup on them; they didn't want them spreading or changing into anything else. The stone with the name and date was on them to weight them down.
E.E. Knight, Dragon Champion|She again patted the ground beside her. "Now come. Sit beside me. I will play with your cock while we eat."Elina hadn't even finished chewing the second bite of her food before the dragon suddenly dove into place next to her. A smile on his handsome face, his eyebrows wiggling in anticipation.He was adorably pathetic."Take care of your horse first, Dolt.""Take care of him?""He cannot spend the all night wearing saddle and equipment.""Aye, but...""I am not going anywhere. My hands will still be here to play with cock when you get back.""Promise?
James Beard|The menu should be part of the entertainment, part of the dining experience. It's kind of like reading the 'Playbill' when you go to the theater. It should be an alluring and interactive document. Does it have burn marks on it from the candle? If you ever get a greasy menu with food stains on it, it's time to run like hell.
Jen Kirkman|Good education, housing and jobs are imperatives for the Negroes, and I shall support them in their fight to win these objectives, but I shall tell the Negroes that while these are necessary, they cannot solve the main Negro problem.
Larry Correia, Grunge|I'm a wee bit obsessed, if by a wee bit you mean completely
Kai Nielsen, An Introduction to the Philosophy of Religion|There is no "religious language" or "scientific language". There is rather the international notation of mathematics and logic; and English, French, Spanish and the like. In short, "religious discourse" and "scientific discourse" are part of the same overall conceptual structure. Moreover, in that conceptual structure there is a large amount of discourse, which is neither religious nor scientific, that is constantly being utilized by both the religious man and the scientist when they make religious and scientific claims. In short, they share a number of key categories.
Khalid Muhammad Khalid, Men Around The Messenger: The Companions Of The Prophet|The Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, said: "My Companions are as stars. Whomsoever of them you follow, you will be rightly guided." When a man looks at a star, and finds his way by it, the star does not speak any word to that man. Yet, by merely looking at the star, the man knows the road from roadlessness and reaches his goal.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation|Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything - anger, anxiety, or possessions - we cannot be free.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Even now, whenever I think of her, I envision a quiet Sunday morning. A gentle, clear day, just getting under way. No homework to do, just a Sunday when you could do what you wanted. She always gave me this kick-back-and-relax, Sunday-morning kind of feeling.
Augustine of Hippo|Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.
Mohammed Ali Muhiyaddin, A Comparative Study of the Religions of Today|There is yet another class that, having found that their own religion not only prevents free thinking but that some of its philosophies are also against some basic social, economic and scientific concepts of life as required by the progressive society, comes to the illogical conclusion that all religions similarly thwart the growth of progressive societies... Such people fall easy prey to materialism and denounce all religions without having any definite idea of any religion at all.
Lou Doillon|'Blanche' opened a new door for me without really making me more famous. 'Blanche' was a risk, but that is the only thing that excites me in this profession. The knowledge that I am an actress who takes risks lifts my soul.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Studies have shown that an ant can carry one hundred times its own weight, but there is no known limit to the lifting power of the average tiny eighty-year-old Spanish peasant grandmother.
Aimee Bender, Willful Creatures|Longinus was suddenly aware of her biting his neck, and he experienced the agony and the ecstasy of her dark kiss.
Avijeet Das|On silent moonless nights, I don't feel lonely! I have my greatest friends - my books for company!
Frank Gehry|If we look at American history, between 1942 and 1947, the data that was collected by the Census Bureau was handed over to the FBI and other organizations at the request of President Roosevelt, and that's how the Japanese were rounded up and put into the internment camps.
Madeleine L'Engle|A book comes and says, 'Write me.
Catherine Opie|You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|The persons on whom I have bestowed my dearest love lie deep in their graves; but, although the happiness and delight of my life lie buried there too, I have not made a coffin of my heart, and sealed it up for ever on my best affections. Deep affliction has only made them stronger; it ought, I think, for it should refine our nature.
L.J. Sealey, Awaken|No. Before you say it, I’m not going back outside. I’ve gone through nearly half a pack of smokes since I’ve been out there leaving you two to talk. I don’t think you’re very good for my health.” - Evo
Dominic Riccitello|I loved you, I did. I believe I even sold myself a bit: on your love, my lust, your hair and just the way we stood there. How the air smelled of you, the way your shirt was cursed with blues. The way we danced by the ocean in front your mini-garden. The white fence, your loveliness and the heavenly kisses. It’ll always be the sheets, lying beside, holding your arm and kissing your hair in a loving stride.
Sara Niles, Torn From The Inside Out|The sun would still rise, the seasons would still come, life would continue. I was thankful to have been a part of it; I would take the memories and savor them for the life ahead. I had been given the components that would comprise the fate of my destiny; they had aged into my soul so that part of the past would always remain with me. They would be there for me to draw strength from on days in my future when death would seem a triumph and life too hard to live any more.
John Calvin|May we be prepared, whatever happens, rather to undergo a hundred deaths than to turn aside from the profession of true piety, in which we know our safety to be laid up. And may we so glorify thy name as to be partakers of that glory which has been acquired for us through the blood of thine only-begotten Son. Amen.
Lailah Gifty Akita|At the dawn of light, the darkness diminishes.
Abbas Kiarostami|When you look at nature, you see a hidden mystery that gives a special flavor to the photograph.
Cornel West|Sorrows are like thunderclouds, in the distance they look black, over our heads scarcely gray.
Gift Gugu Mona|Just saying "I love you" can mean the difference between nothing and everything. Some people say it while they stab the person they say it to - some say it to the one holding the knife.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The truth is now as it was yesterday, and as it always will be, that the world is-as we are.
James Madison|To restore and keep the public's confidence in the integrity of their government, state government and its officials must be open, honest and transparent.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Gratitude is both a vaccine and an antidote for grief. Grief may be an inevitable fact of life, but gratitude has the power to transform the experience of grief from agonizing suffering to profound joy.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Some activities may look attractive, but you don’t have any business dating them, else they break you up. It may be good, but not right. Flee from good things and do right things!
Varg Vikernes|It is the individual only who is timeless. Societies, cultures, and civilizations -- past and present -- are often incomprehensible to outsiders, but the individual's hungers, anxieties, dreams, and preoccupations have remained unchanged through the millenia.
Chris Fabry, Every Waking Moment|Old age teaches you in a very unkind way that things won’t necessarily get better. Not in this life. In fact, you can pretty much count on things degenerating. Being content is not a lack of ambition. It’s being able to rest and relax and know that your worth doesn’t come from what others think of you or even what you think of you.
Chance The Rapper|As an architect, you have to provide a shelter to enjoy art. And you have to love art. It's like when you make a concert hall. You must love music. This is the reason why you make the space, to enjoy music - making a space for art is the same thing.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|I can't worry about everything at once, Elend thought with determination. I just have to trust. Trust in myself and keep going.
Matthew Arnold|The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.
Raymond Chandler, The Lady in the Lake|Police business is a hell of a problem. It’s a good deal like politics. It asks for the highest type of men, and there’s nothing in it to attract the highest type of men. So we have to work with what we get...
Charlotte Eriksson|I used to be fine in my lonelinessbut somethingor someonesnapped me out of itand showed me company. What it’s like to feel at home,and so the going on by myself part wasn’t as easy anymore.Seasons happened and things got colder and harder and suddenly I found myself smoking circles in the airby myself in the snowand I was not okay.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you fail, don’ quit.Try again, and again but with much enthusiasm and continuous effort.You will soon master the art and skills needed to succeed.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|As time goes by, westart to see more clearly,and are able to see thatit wasn’t all bad, and thatperhaps just perhapsthe breakup was a gift.
John R.W. Stott|When they realized they were in the desert, they built a religion to worship thirstiness.
Rosemary Sullivan, Labyrinth of Desire: Women, Passion, and Romantic Obsession|But sex as a physical act is merely athletics, a momentary relief. What it needs to be powerful is desire, and the strongest element of desire is longing. It's in the work. Desider-, sidus: from the stars. The longing that reaches beyond space and time.
James T. Farrell, Studs Lonigan|What we call patriotism, in other words, is a calculable force which, released by a predictable situation, will animate man in a manner no different from other territorial species.
Salman Rushdie|Of course, 'I Will Always Love You' is the biggest song so far in my career. I'm famous for several, but that one has been recorded by more people and made me more money, I think, than all of them. But that song did come from a true and deep place in my heart.
Jason Statham|A practical way to travel between the stars is a must-have for space opera, and a sine qua non for our frequently vaunted future as a galactic society.
Andre Holland|Okay, when you start to fight for equality, like Anand did in 1995, you could end up losing game 10, like he did, without putting up any kind of fight.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|Evolution is a part of nature. The world has strayed away from God, and now interprets its conception for the benefit of blissful ignorance.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|Ah, cariad, finally I have you to myself, with a bed behind me, and what do I do?
Debasish Mridha|I follow three rules: find the opportunity to love and love endlessly, be kind to all and rude to none, and serve others with care and know that service is joy.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|Anyone who recommends attention to the moment as a prescription for grateful wonder is only telling half the truth. To be happy one must pay attention, but to be unhappy one must also have paid attention.
Criss Jami, Healology|Grace hated lying, got no joy from it, and this was how she knew she wasn't pathological.
Mark Gatiss|We have nothing to fear but fear itself... and, of course, the boogieman.
Harrish Sairaman|Just because the roads were bad in the past we drive slow but if we still continue the same way on the highway of Life, you can never ‘Accelerate
Ruthanna Emrys, Winter Tide|Even the most ill-formed words, set to paper, are a great blessing.
Louis V. Gerstner, Jr.|At the root of the shy temperament is a deep fear of social judgment, one so severe it can sometimes be crippling. Introverted people don't worry unduly about whether they'll be found wanting, they just find too much socializing exhausting and would prefer either to be alone or in the company of a select few people.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|I thought of you when I read this quote from "Come Rain or Come Shine (A Mitford Novel)" by Jan Karon -"Listening is among the most generous ways to give. When a loved one talks to us— whether their words appear to be deep or shallow— listen. For in some way, they are baring their souls.
Deyth Banger|Sometimes I just want to gone from the internet to become invisible, but still I don't do anything. Sometimes I do something on the facebook or other social networks and I don't want to go and see the consequences, but why???
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|Imagine a sunset, lavender and red / as battered morals . . .
Anton Chekhov, The Exclamation Mark|If Makar Denisych was just a clerk or a junior manager, then no one would have dared talk to him in such a condescending, casual tone, but he is a 'writer', and a talentless mediocrity! returned a bad story to Makar recently is know to the whole district and has provoked mockery, long conversations and indignation, while Makar Denisych is already being referred to as old Makarka. 	If someone does not write the way required, they never try to explain what is wrong, but just say:	'That bastard has gone and written another load of rubbish!
Plutarch, Plutarch's Lives, Vol 2|Greatness comes not in possessing security, but in withstanding insecurity.
W. Somerset Maugham|There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
Glenn Aparicio Parry, Original Thinking: A Radical Revisioning of Time, Humanity, and Nature|The reality is that every time we manipulate nature's rhythms, we create unintended consequences that then require us to make still further changes."~ Glenn Aparicio Parry
S.A. Tawks, Mule|I figured, what harm could come from a little bit of fun? Crabs. The Canadian girl gave me crabs.
Shane Peacock|There was no one to blame but the mighty, ruthless stranger. Thus was complexity reduced to demonology, which is a defining feature of anti-Americanism, anti-Semitism, or, indeed, any "anti-ism.
Amanda Quick, Crystal Gardens|In my experience there are only a handful of reasons for murder....Jealousy, vengeance, greed, fear and pleasure....Some killers enjoy the kill....For them it is a great game, and for the most part they are the ones I hunt.
Jose Saramago|Anorexia taught me to love life and to realise that starving yourself to death is a bloody waste of time. It's awful, and it hurts so many people around you. It's a terribly selfish thing to do.
Ian McEwan, Black Dogs|The Anglican service today was more familiar to me from movies. Like one of the great Shakespeare speeches, the graveside oration, studded in fragments in the memory, was a succession of brilliant phrases, book titles, dying cadences that breathed life, pure alertness, along the spine.
Germany Kent|If you are in a position where you can reach people, then use your platform to stand up for a cause. HINT: social media is a platform.
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|I can't give you the sunset, but I can give you the night.
Julia Green, This Northern Sky|What I'm trying to say is that I spent the last four months learning to be alone, avoiding the world, hating pretty much anyone who so much as blinked at me." But when I am with you, I don't want to be that person anymore.
Robert Wright, The Moral Animal: Why We Are the Way We Are: The New Science of Evolutionary Psychology|A dragon is a confusion at the heart of things, a law unto himself. He embraces good, evil, and indifference; in his own nature he makes them indivisible and absolute. He knows who he is. Surely you see that... Put it this way. Dragons all love life's finer things- music, art, treasure- the works of the spirit; yet in their personal habits they're foul and bestial- they burn down cathedrals, for instance, and eat maidens- and they see in their whimsical activities no faintest contradiction... Dragons never grow, never change... Believe me, nothing in this world is more despicable than a dragon. They're a walking- or flying- condemnation of all we stand for, all we pray for our children, nay, for ourselves. We struggle to improve ourselves, we tortuously balance on the delicate line between our duties to society and our duties within- our duties to God and our own nature.
Berlie Doherty|Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal.
Anne Sexton|Sometime I wish if I were from Mars, because no one loves me here.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|It may be that actual tears have stained the tile floors or soaked into the carpets of such places. It may be that these tears can never be removed. And everywhere the odor of melancholy, that is the very odor of memory.
John Durham Peters, Speaking into the Air: A History of the Idea of Communication|A letter is the most basic—yet the most flexible—mode of correspondence, regardless of its subject matter.
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|He downs the contents of his glass in a single gulp and, looking at Simon, adds: “This is as amusing as a novel.
Sesan Kareem|Instead of telling God about your big problems, tell your problems about your big God.
George Carlin|I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. ... These two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
Danielle Evans, Before You Suffocate Your Own Fool Self|I almost wish I hadn't any conscience, it's so inconvenient. If I didn't care about doing right, and didn't feel uncomfortable when doing wrong, I should get on capitally. I can't help wishing, sometimes, that father and mother hadn't been so dreadfully particular about such things. -- Jo
Donna Grant, Soul Scorched|The Dragon King's gaze turned to her. Darcy watched him standing in the glow of the streetlight, completely mesmerized by the dragon tat that ran from the King's right shoulder, under his armpit, and down his side to the top of his right thigh.	The dragon's head was at the front of the man's shoulder and had his mouth open as if on a roar. He was rearing with his wings up and out. It was his long tail that stopped at the King's thigh.	The King glistened with sweat that made his muscles gleam in the light. Darcy had the absurd notion to run her hands all over his body, learning the feel of his hard muscles and warm skin.
Lily Velden, Animal Magnetism|... but I love language. It is a living, breathing, evolving thing, and language has power. Whether in a song lyric, a poem, a speech, or a simple conversation, we’ve all experienced words that resonate with us. They may make us recall a powerful moment, inspire us, move us, or perhaps, comfort us…. But at the same time, we don’t think in words. We think in pictures. If I say the word ‘dog’ to you, you aren’t picturing the letters, d-o-g, you’re picturing a dog from your memory...
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|No matter what we think we should do, I don’t think you can coerce yourself into loving your neighbor—or your boss—when you can’t stand him. But if you try to understand your feelings of dislike with mindfulness and compassion, being sure not to forget self-compassion, you create the possibility for change.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|No truth can cure the sadness we feel from losing a loved one. No truth, no sincerity, no strength, no kindness, can cure that sorrow. All we can do is see that sadness through to the end andlearn something from it, but what we learn will be no help in facing the next sadness that comes to us without warning.
Kristen Henderson|Who is so fancy, esoterica saves the day?Who is the Yogi, Namaste?
Raymond E. Feist, Exile's Return|I hope the artist who illustrates this work will take care to do justice to his portrait. Mr. Clive himself, let that painter be assured, will not be too well pleased if his countenance and figure do not receive proper attention.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|Call it anything else if you will—fear, anxiety, nervousness, sweating—but “shyness” is the historic word for it.
C.I. Dennis, Tanzi's Heat|She came through the door the moment my beer arrived. Fortyish, salon-blonde, spray tan, fake boobs and real diamonds. Anywhere else it would be a bimbo alert, but in Florida it was just protective coloration.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Sylvia's Lovers|All the morning since he got up he had been trying to fight through his duties—leaning against a hope—a hope that first had bowed, and then had broke as soon as he really tried its weight. There was not a sign of Sylvia’s liking for him to be gathered from the most careful recollection of the past evening. It was of no use thinking there was. It was better to give it up altogether and at once. But what if he could not? What if the thought of her was bound up with his life; and that once torn out by his own free will, the very roots of his heart must come also?
Anna  Silver|Treasure the journey, BE the destination.
Teri Terry, Slated|Everything man sees he takes for a toy. 'Thus is he always, forever a boy.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|What determines whether the usage is acceptable or inappropriate? If you want to make a great first impression with positive impact, it is essential that you know there is a difference.
Wayne Dyer|Action cures fear, inaction creates terror.
Rosie Malezer, CATHOOD: How to be the perfect Cat|The domesticated cat in many homes is a friend, a companion, a family member. It is seen as a symbol of grace and poise both in ancient Egypt and in modern society. Women are oft described as cats as men are described as dogs in metaphor as well. Religious adoration of cats was also in ancient Egypt.1 So in some aspects they have, at least, a religious context. This, though, is not what one should look at primarily for a clear indication of their connection to religion. They are examples of a spectrum of how natural spirituality had developed over time.
Anatole France|Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public.
Rick Warren|Among the many signs of a lively faith and hope we have in eternal life, one of the surest is not being overly sad at the death of those whom we dearly love in our Lord.
Olga Kurylenko|In Afghan society, parents play a central role in the lives of their children; the parent-child relationship is fundamental to who you are and what you become and how you perceive yourself, and it is laden with contradictions, with tension, with anger, with love, with loathing, with angst.
Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Reckoning|If there was one thing I learned from all my research, it was that the majority of the early pioneers didn’t dwell on the hard times; they indeed related every aspect of their lives to their relationship with God, specifically in regards to this disastrous journey. They thanked Him for their lives and the fact that they made it through. Most didn't blame leaders or those around them. They learned to accept their plight and move forward with faith.
Neneh Cherry|There's something missing in the music industry today... and it's music. Songs you hear don't last, it's just product fed to you by the industry.
Poyntz Tyler, A Garden of Cucumbers|Fiscal considerations have led to the promulgation of a theory that attributes to the minting authority the right to regulate the purchasing power of the coinage as it thinks fit. For just as long as the minting of coins has been a government function, governments have tried to fix the weight and content of the coins as they wished. Philip VI of France expressly claimed the right "to mint such money and give it such currency and at such rate as we desire and seems good to us" and all medieval rulers thought and did as he in this matter. Obliging jurists supported them by attempts to discover a philosophical basis for the divine right of kings to debase the coinage and to prove that the true value of the coins was that assigned to them by the ruler of the country.
Anna Agoncillo|I see love as a force of nature. No matter how much you want to, you cannot control or demand love. No one can. It cannot be bought, bartered, or sold. It is priceless.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Why did I allow the abuse to continue? Even as a teenager?I didn’t. Something that had been plaguing me for years now made sense. It was like the answer to a terrible secret. The thing is, it wasn’t me in my bed, it was Shirley who lay the wondering if that man was going to come to her room, pull back the cover and push his penis into her waiting mouth it was Shirley. I remembered watching her, a skinny little thing with no breasts and a dark resentful expression. She was angry. She didn’t want this man in her room doing the things he did, but she didn’t know how to stop it. He didn’t beat her, he didn’t threaten her. He just looked at her with black hypnotic eyes and she lay back with her legs apart thinking about nothing at all. And where was I? I stood to one side, or hovered overhead just below the ceiling, or rode on a magic carpet. I held my breath and watched my father pushing up and down inside Shirley’s skinny body.
Harsha Bhogle, The Winning Way: Learnings from sport for managers|The moment you put a deadline on your dream, it becomes a goal.
Armando Valladares|Nor do we merely feel these essences for one short hour no, even as these trees that whisper round a temple become soon dear as the temples self, so does the moon, the passion posey, glories infinite, Haunt us till they become a cheering light unto our souls and bound to us so fast, that wheather there be shine, or gloom o'er cast, They always must be with us, or we die.
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|The first move was to turn to the one great, perfectly visible and certified revolution in the recent history of the human race [the Google search-engine].
Antonio Machado|Some people can never understand that you have to wait, even for the best of things, until the right time comes.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|I know it's a really hard concept to process, but the fact that Govt accuses someone of being a Terrorist doesn't mean they are.
Anita Shreve, The Pilot's Wife|And she thought then how strange it was that disaster—the sort of disaster that drained the blood from your body and took the air out of your lungs and hit you again and again in the face—could be at times, such a thing of beauty.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|I wanted something that I could look back on and say, yes, you were fighting too, you burned to be alive, and whatever failure or accident of nature caused you to be killed could be explained by something other than the fact that I'd missed your giving up.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Sometimes, one yearns for something.For the ultimate in happiness. I yearn for it,and don't know where to look for it any longer. And I don't know if I would recognize it if I found it. And the longer I look, the more selfish I grow.For I think only of my own happiness. i think I have lost the ability to make someone else happy. If I ever had it. And I suppose we can never be happy unless we can also give happiness.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|There are only two kinds of people in the end: those who say to God, "Thy will be done," and those to whom God says, in the end, "Thy will be done." All that are in Hell, choose it. Without that self-choice there could be no Hell. No soul that seriously and constantly desires joy will ever miss it. Those who seek find. Those who knock it is opened.
Sunday Adelaja|Your calling is important, regardless of its status or other people’s opinion
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|Colinialism hardly ever exploits the whole of a country. It contents itself with bringing to light the natrual resources, which it extracts, and exports to meet the needs of the mother country's industries, thereby allowing certain sectors of the colony to become relatively rich. But the rest of the colony follows its path of under-development and poverty, or at all events sinks into it more deeply.
Kathleen Sheeder Bonanno, Slamming Open the Door|And when I stand in the receiving linelike Jackie Kennedywithout the pillbox hat,if Jackie were fat and had taken enough Klonopinto still an ox,and you w
A.S. King, Still Life with Tornado|When a client enters therapy with a prior diagnosis, it might be difficult for the therapist to think outside of the box presented. One reason a dissociative individual might have several different diagnoses, however, is that as different parts present, they may also be presenting with diagnostic issues that are different from the host. Such differences especially make sense given the nature of DID.
Ruth Warrick|I actually had the pleasure of meeting David Bowie at his 50th birthday party in New York City. I handed him the cassette of 'Eight Arms to Hold You,' which I had just got an advance of that day. He very graciously thanked me and tucked it into his jacket pocket.
Ramez Naam|It's Nixon who created the Environmental Protection Agency. Clean Air and Water Acts. Endangered Species Act. Promoted affirmative action. One could go on and on with Nixon as a New Deal liberal on domestic policy and a hawk, but one with great geo-political skills.
Martina McBride|Most of the offers I get from Hollywood are for teen comedies. My manager thinks I'm crazy for turning down all that money, but I'm very picky.
Jonathan Friesen, Both of Me|This trail is never-changing, it won’t lead you astray. It won’t always be easy to follow and at times it will look too narrow for your paws. Follow it anyway, and you’ll overcome every challenge you face.” -Faolan
Jennifer Mathieu, The Truth About Alice|Regardless of how far a person runs, a lie will eventually catch up to them.
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|She'd betrayed her country because she'd believed it was the right thing to do. Yet would she have done this, if not for Arin?He knew none of it. Had never asked for it. Kestrel had made her own choices. It was unfair to blame him.But she wanted to.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|In our thoughts, we hold the key to our feelings. In our minds, we hold the key to love.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|We are all glorified motion sensors.Some things only become visible to us when they undergo change.We take for granted all the constant, fixed things, and eventually stop paying any attention to them. At the same time we observe and obsess over small, fast-moving, ephemeral things of little value.The trick to rediscovering constants is to stop and focus on the greater panorama around us. While everything else flits abut, the important things remain in place.Their stillness appears as reverse motion to our perspective, as relativity resets our motion sensors. It reboots us, allowing us once again to perceive.And now that we do see, suddenly we realize that those still things are not so motionless after all. They are simply gliding with slow individualistic grace against the backdrop of the immense universe.And it takes a more sensitive motion instrument to track this.
Ben Jonson, Epigrams; And, the Forest|I will arise and go now, for always night and day I hear lake water lapping...I hear it in the deep heart's core.
Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love Story|between the disfigurement and the muzzle, it's nearly impossible to catch what she's saying. Always, though, while tripping and stumbling to the music, she looks out into her audience and tells the story about her mother. Most people laugh and yell for her to lift her skirts, but every so often she'll spot someone weeping and swear they can understand her every word.
Elizabeth SaFleur, Lovely|I offered my most enticing smile, the one I’d been perfecting for years. Sincere and encouraging, it brimmed with counterfeit confidence. My smile had earned me forgiveness when I deserved none, a seat in first class though I’d only paid for coach.
Roy T. Bennett|The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.
Various|Darkness is a natural fear, one that takes the things you love most, the most valuable innocence, and turns them against you. The struggle is to see past the illusions, and see the light in your fear.
Debasish Mridha|Not the builder, but the writer, creates the road to the future.
Alane Ferguson|So, if the truest currency of life is time, then how do you get more time? Because if more is merrier, than having more time should make us more happier. Right? Therefore, all we have to ask ourselves is can we buy more time? . . .
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|We can't expect a blind man to appreciate beautiful patterns or a deaf man to listen to bells and drums. And blindness and deafness are not confined to the body alone - the understanding has them, too.
Peter A. Lorge, The Asian Military Revolution: From Gunpowder to the Bomb|Technology has become the West’s main prop to its claims of inherent superiority over the non-West, and the reason why the non-West should adopt Western culture. If advanced technology is particular to Western culture, then it is only by Westernizing that the non-West can obtain it. This argument collapses if Western technology can be adopted in isolation from the broader culture, or if other cultures can generate significant technology independently.
Alister E. McGrath|If the Bible is called the Good Book, it's not because its people are. Blood flows as freely through the stories as the ink through the quills that penned them.
Polly Shulman, Enthusiasm|Mr. Klamp laid down the law. No tardiness, no talking above 40 decibels, no untied shoelaces, no visible undergarments, no eating, no chewing gum, no chewing tobacco, no chewing betel nuts, no chewing coca leaves, no chewing out students (unless Mr. Klamp was doing the chewing out), no chewing out teachers (unless ditto), no unnecessary displays of temper (unless ditto), no unnecessary displays of affection (no exceptions), no pets over one ounce or under one ton, and no singing, except in Bulgarian. I began to think Mr Klamp wouldn't be so bad...
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|But for anything to be alive, it required motion : the current must run, the record must turn, a person must leave or find another path. Without movement or change, the world became nothing more than a stale copy, and this was the trouble with Ba's elegant calligraphy, his patient life, it was frozen in time.
Kat Falls, Inhuman|Remember what I said when I led to Omar and the queen?" I bobbed my head, unable to look away from his jewel-like eyed, shining in the darkness...so much like Chorda's. "That was the lie. Good-bye, Lane," he said and then crept into the darkness.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|In any case, you can't have effective allegory in times when people are swept this way and that by momentary convictions, because everyone will read it differently. You can't indicate moral values when morality changes with what is being done, because there is no accepted basis of judgment. And you cannot show the operation of grace when grace is cut off from nature or when the very possibility of grace is denied, because no one will have the least idea of what you are about.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|The ego is never satisfied. So, if you're not satisfied with what you have right now, consider what is driving you.
Rosanna Leo, Up In Flames|I felt that he was a captive of financial and sentimental commitments, like every other man I know, and that he was no more free to fall in love with a strange woman he saw on a street corner than he was to take a walking trip through French Guiana or to recommence his life in Chicago under an assumed name.
Thorin|If Los Angeles is a woman reclining billboard model and the San Fernando Valley is her teenybopper sister, then New York is their cousin. Her hair is dyed autumn red or aubergine or Egyptian henna, depending on her mood. Her skin is pale as frost and she wears beautiful Jil Sander suits and Prada pumps on which she walks faster than a speeding taxi (when it is caught in rush hour, that is). Her lips are some unlikely shade of copper or violet, courtesy of her local MAC drag queen makeup consultant. She is always carrying bags of clothes, bouquets of roses, take-out Chinese containers, or bagels. Museum tags fill her pockets and purses, along with perfume samples and invitations to art gallery openings. When she is walking to work, to ward off bums or psychos, her face resembles the Statue of Liberty, but at home in her candlelit, dove-colored apartment, the stony look fades away and she smiles like the sterling roses she has brought for herself to make up for the fact that she is single and her feet are sore.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The world is heading for another major crisis that is being called, even by the secular world, “Armageddon.
Bill Pullman|I was in a band in the '90s called Bikini Kill, and we were so freaked out about documentation then, and there was the whole thing, not just about the male gaze, but that people were going to misrepresent you... a kind fear of the mainstream that a lot of us had.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you don’t make your choices, others will choose for you.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol 1: Lectures|The real difference is this: the Christian says that he has knowledge; the Agnostic admits that he has none; and yet the Christian accuses the Agnostic of arrogance, and asks him how he has the impudence to admit the limitations of his mind. To the Agnostic every fact is a torch, and by this light, and this light only, he walks.The Agnostic knows that the testimony of man is not sufficient to establish what is known as the miraculous. We would not believe to-day the testimony of millions to the effect that the dead had been raised. The church itself would be the first to attack such testimony. If we cannot believe those whom we know, why should we believe witnesses who have been dead thousands of years, and about whom we know nothing?The Agnostic takes the ground that human experience is the basis of morality. Consequently, it is of no importance who wrote the gospels, or who vouched or vouches for the genuineness of the miracles. In his scheme of life these things are utterly unimportant. He is satisfied that “the miraculous” is the impossible. He knows that the witnesses were wholly incapable of examining the questions involved, that credulity had possession of their minds, that 'the miraculous' was expected, that it was their daily food.
Lewis Black, I'm Dreaming of a Black Christmas|If you really think there's a Santa, why don't you sit on the front steps all night in the freezing cold and see if he climbs down any chimneys tonight. Good luck. And since we're a family that isn't lucky enough to have a chimney, how would Santa get into our house? Does he bring a locksmith with him? And it probably would have to be a Jewish locksmith, because a Christian locksmith is going to want to be home with his family. And how many Jewish locksmiths are there? None.
Frank Sinatra|God is waiting to be gracious, and is willing to make us happy in religion, if we would not run away from him. We refuse to open the window shutters, and complain that it is dark.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|She is so secure in her beautifully imperfect self that she would welcome you with open arms, no judgment, and complete acceptance.
Benjamin Balint, Running Commentary: PUBLICATION CANCELLED|Most recently, Richman et al (1997) have argued that a four-dimensional
Lisa Cholodenko|Digital intimacy ruins the appetite for the real thing. So, when kids are gaming or even when spouses are gaming, they lose their appetite for genuine intimacy. Kids lose their appetite for getting their intimacy needs, their hunger for significance and attachment, with the family, and it erodes the relationship between them and their parents.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|I'll write about my past but I won't talk about it. I'll turn it into art if I can, but I won't talk about it.
Carl Hiaasen|Keisaku and Eita were expecting to see "the beauty in the morning" as they entered the room. What they actually saw, however, was "The Terror of the Bagworm Queen" rolling around on the floor. It was a scene far removed from the sexy situation the two had imagined.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Line in nature is not found;Unit and universe are round;In vain produced, all rays return;Evil will bless, and ice will burn.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Bless them that persecute you.' If our enemy cannot put up with us any longer and takes to cursing us, our immediate reaction must be to lift up our hands and bless him. Our enemies are the blessed of the Lord. Their curse can do us no harm. May their poverty be enriched with all the riches of God, with the blessing of Him whom they seek to oppose in vain. We are ready to endure their curses so long as they redound to their blessing.
Taylor Mali|My mother was a teacher. She was grooming my brother and me to be successful, accomplished people.
Alan Moore|My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky.
Nicole Richie|My stylist has really great taste - Petra Flannery has really great taste. I mean, I am opinionated, and as time goes on, as I've gotten to see more dresses or more clothes, it's easier to say, 'I like that' or 'I don't like that,' but it's nothing I would ever, you know, design.
Sharon Lee, Necessity's Child|But I don't know, in the end, what deserts, chasms, achievements, virtues, and beauties have to do with love. We can love for so many different, and paradoxical, qualities in the object of our love--for strength or for weakness, for beauty or for ugliness, for gaiety or for sadness, for sweetness or for bitterness, for goodness or for wickedness, for need or for impervious independence. Then, if we wonder from what secret springs in ourselves gushes our love, our poor brain goes giddy from speculation, and we wonder what is all meaning and worth. Is it our own need that makes us lean toward and wish to succor need, or is it our strength? What way would our strength, if we had it, incline our heart? Do we give love in order to receive love, and even in the transport or endearment carry the usurer's tight-lipped and secret calculation, unacknowledged even by ourselves? Or do we give with an arrogance after all, a passion for self-definition? Or do we simply want a hand, any hand, a human object, to clutch in the dark on the blanket, and fear lies behind everything? Do we want happiness, or is it pain, pain as the index of reality, that we, in the chamber of our heart, want?Oh, if I knew the answer, perhaps then I could feel free.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Dignity, and even holiness too, sometimes, are more questions of coat and waistcoat than some people imagine.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|METAPHOR: A tightly fitting suit of metal, generally tin, which entirely encloses the wearer, both impeding free movement and preventing emotional expression and/or social contact.
Victor Villaseñor, Rain of Gold|Inside, the midwife was trying to get Socorro to open her mouth wide and let the pain come out. "Open your mouth," said Angelina, massaging Socorro's neck and shoulders, "and let out what you feel. Don't keep it in, querida, let it out."Socorro cried softly at first, but little by little she loosened up and she began to let out long, ear-piercing screams. "Good," said the midwife, "now breathe deeply, deeply, and then cry out again, letting all the pain go out of your body.
Todd Coburn, Reflection of the Son|The God of this world has chosen to provide light to all mankind through His Son, who was crucified and died so that we could be cleansed and made free
Blake Crouch|One moment I was sitting in your ship feeling very depressed, and the next moment I was standing here feeling utterly miserable. An Improbability Field I expect.
Charles R. Swindoll|The Promised Land was a tangible representation of God's ultimate desire for His people, but they failed to comprehend His gift for at least three reasons: It was unconditionally promised, it was outrageously generous, and it was absolutely free. None of those make sense in the world as we know it...
Jane Taylor|One honest John Tompkins, a hedger & ditcher, Although he was poor, did not want to be richer;For all such vain wishes in him were preventedBy a fortunate habit of being contented.
CLAMP, xxxHolic, Vol. 7|Oh this? It's a 'bookworm.'They live in books, and they love to eat important or valuable words.
Ming-Dao Deng, Everyday Tao: Living with Balance and Harmony|An action, to have moral worth, must be done from duty.
Amanda  Carlson, Ante Up|Diesel had gotten his nickname because he was built like a Mack truck. .... He stood six feet, six inches tall and his muscles had muscles.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|You understand that proof of your friendship lay in keeping your distance, in accepting what was told you, in turning and walking away when the door was shut in your face instead of trying to force it open again
Mikhail Bakhtin|Between reaction and revolution there is nothing to choose. Neither leave the track, they just allow different people to drive while the same people are run over.
Chinua Achebe|I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Our current modes of rationality are not moving society forward into a better world. They are taking it further and further from that better world. Since the Renaissance these modes have worked. As long as the need for food, clothing and shelter is dominant they will continue to work. But now that for huge masses of people these needs no longer overwhelm everything else, the whole structure of reason, handed down to us from ancient times, is no longer adequate. It begins to be seen for what it really is...emotionally hollow, esthetically meaningless and spiritually empty. That, today, is where it is at, and will continue to be at for a long time to come.
Walter de la Mare, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|Here too was the terrifying fixed curve of the infinite, the creeping curve of logic which at least must become the final signpost at the edge of nothing. After that - the deluge. The great white light of annihilation. The bright flash of death... ("Mr. Arcularis")
Parker J. Palmer|I don't see how it's doing society any good to have it's members walking around with vague memories of algebraic formulas and geometric diagrams, and clear memories of hating them.
John Mackey|I don't think there is anything wrong in earning money from the sport you love. If you work hard and get benefits from it, there is no harm. The day you feel that you are not working hard and are only looking at the benefits, that's where the problem is.
Neil Davies, Hard Winter The Novel|The blast that swept him came off New Hampshire snow-fields and ice-hung forests. It seemed to have traversed interminable leagues of frozen silence, filling them with the same cold roar and sharpening its edge against the same bitter black-and-white landscape.("The Triumph Of The Night")
Eddie Izzard|The Angeles air was quiet, and for a while I laid still, listening to the sound of Maxon breathing.
Rahma Krambo, Guardian Cats and the Lost Books of Alexandria|Ghosts could walk freely tonight, without fear of the disbelief of men; for this night was haunted, and it would be an insensitive man who did not know it.
Jerry Ash, Hellraiser—Mother Jones: An Historical Novel|Well, honey, it’s capitalism that brings out the meanness and greed,” says I. “Our founding fathers did a decent job of framing our democracy. They wrote the Constitution and added a Bill of Rights that intended for people of all classes to enjoy the freedoms the Constitution offers. But capitalism came along without a constitution or a bill of rights and the industrialists grabbed unrestricted power. The capitalists wrote their own ‘Declaration of Capitalism’.” — Mother Jones
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|I have never been drawn to luxury. I love the simple things; coffee shops, books, and people who try to understand.
Danika Stone, All the Feels|Liv grabbed the cookie nearest her and broke it open.“It's up to you to make your happy ending.”Liv stared at it a moment, rereading the words. Did it mean life? Because if it did, then Liv disagreed. Sometimes life was downright unfair. Bad things happened to good people.
Alexandre Dumas, The Vicomte de Bragelonne|Emotion has its place, but it must not interfere with taking the appropriate action.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Tahitians don’t chase happiness. Happiness comes naturally to them. You only need to see them in the water, with a beer in their hand, splashing each other or waving to every stranger they see on the road, to know this. Happiness is in the air: in every hibiscus flower that opens early in the morning, in the sweet aroma of the pineapple plantations, in the smile of the people lolling around idly, resting slothfully in the warm breeze that ruffles the surface of the lagoon.
Thomas Ken|The Bible is not man's word about God, but God's word about man.
Munia Khan|Word-Power'Being stuck in my room,I've become a world traveler.If you wonder how...just guess how I've reached you right now
Cailee Francis, Mischief Dreaming|This place was as dark and carried the same scent of pine trees that was common to the forest. She could hear the wind lightly swaying the branches, but there were no sounds out of the ordinary. Everything seemed the same.“What am I missing?” Ursula asked curiously, though she wondered whether Aleana had stopped just to see what she’d say or do.Aleana giggled. “So the charm really does hide it from human sight.” She gave the air a knock, and strangely there was a sound, just like she was knocking on wood.
Edward Everett Hale|I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something. And because I cannot do everything I will not refuse to do the something that I can do.
Mahatma Gandhi, Mohandas Gandhi: Essential Writings|Saint Augustine … insisted that scripture taught nothing but charity. Whatever the biblical author may have intended, any passage that seemed to preach hatred and was not conducive to love must be interpreted allegorically and made to speak of charity.
Matthew Polly, American Shaolin: Flying Kicks, Buddhist Monks, and the Legend of Iron Crotch: An Odyssey in the New China|So you don't think the government is responsible for anything?" "Oh, it's responsible," Rafferty says. "It's responsible for the sloppiness and imprecision of the War on Terror, for example. It's responsible for taking people's tax dollars and spending the country into debt on useless wars and pointless pork projects to buy votes. It's responsible for bailing out the banks instead of standing up for the people the banks cheated. It's responsible for plenty,
Martin Guevara Urbina|When the experts’ scientific knowledge is legitimated in terms of being rational, logical, efficient, educated, progressive, modern, and enlightened, what analogies can other segments of society . . . utilize to challenge them?
Jim Rohn|There are three classes of people: those who see, those who see when they are shown, those who do not see.
John Stahl-Wert, The Serving Leader: Five Powerful Actions to Transform Your Team, Business, and Community|If you want to do something that really changes someone’s life, the best thing you can do is make the person you’re trying to help a participant in the process.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|The suppliant, whose fears prevent his words, will be well understood by the Most High.
Dave Reichert|In the eyes of the Catholic Church, abortion is a tragedy. Our principle objective must be to try and win greater sympathy for that perspective and for the value of human life from its beginnings.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Some people believe they are lucky, and in their belief, become so. Others believe that when good things come to them, it was mere chance, but are grateful, just the same. Either way, it is the expectation of those good things that sets the process of mind power in motion.
April Bloomfield|You remember what you go through as a kid, what's going to make you listen, what's going to make you respond. I held onto that. People who treated me like that when I was younger got every bit of respect and attention I could give them, because I knew that they were coming at me from almost an equal level.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|He thought of hanging himself, to pass the time.
Margaret Mead|If there is one realm in which it is essential to be sublime, it is in wickedness. You spit on a petty thief, but you can't deny a kind of respect for the great criminal.
Russell Eric Dobda|The power to reach our goal is always in the moment. When the moment arrives, be ready to perform the action that will help you reach your goal, and be aware when the moment is now.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children, v.2|If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|A thing there was that mattered; a thing, wreathed about with chatter, defaced, obscured in her own life, let drop every day in corruption, lies, chatter. This he had preserved. Death was defiance. Death was an attempt to communicate; people feeling the impossibility of reaching the centre which, mystically, evaded them; closeness drew apart; rapture faded, one was alone. There was an embrace in death.
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Warrior's Apprentice|There will be grace and forgiveness enough, old dog, even for you. I pray you will spare me a drink from that cup, when it overflows for you.- Miles Vorkosigan
René Girard|Civilization is based on a clearly defined and widely accepted yet often unarticulated hierarchy. Violence done by those higher on the hierarchy to those lower is nearly always invisible, that is, unnoticed. When it is noticed, it is fully rationalized. Violence done by those lower on the hierarchy to those higher is unthinkable, and when it does occur is regarded with shock, horror, and the fetishization of the victims.
Debasish Mridha|Love someone not because of what they have, love them because of what they are.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Embrace|As he stared down at River's lips, swollen from his kisses, there was no question she would be his. The fire within her matched his.
Jon Wiederhorn, Louder Than Hell: The Definitive Oral History of Metal|Soon I'll find the right words, they'll be very simple.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|When the end comes, I will meet it raging.
William S. Burroughs|Not that the propositions of geometry are only approximately true, but that they remain absolutely true in regard to that Euclidean space which has been so long regarded as being the physical space of our experience.
Diane von Furstenberg|It's very difficult to think that you're with someone that you know, and all of a sudden you don't know them: it turns out that they betray you. It's painful, but it's best to turn the page.
Susannah Cahalan, Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness|I love the imagery of struggle. I sometimes wish I were suffering in a good cause, or risking my life for the good of others, instead of just being a gravely endangered patient. Allow me to inform you, though, that when you sit in a room with a set of other finalists, and kindly people bring a huge transparent bag of poison and plug it into your arm, and you either read or don't read a book while the venom sack gradually empties itself into your system, the image of the ardent solider is the very last one that will occur to you. You feel swamped with passivity and impotence: dissolving in powerlessness like a sugar lump in water.
Richmond Akhigbe|When everything has gone down, God wants youto look up
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Last Man|I felt convinced that however it might have been in former times, in the present stage of the world, no man's faculties could be developed, no man's moral principle be enlarged and liberal, without an extensive acquaintance with books.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.
Joseph Conrad, Falk|Stefan spat. "Oh, aye, he fell. O' course, Master Ralon helped him fall, several times. Poor li'l tyke didn't have a chance.
Dezső Kosztolányi, Skylark|A man carries within him the germ of his most exceptional action; and if we wise people make eminent fools of ourselves on any particular occasion, we must endure the legitimate conclusion that we carry a few grains of folly to our ounce of wisdom.
Terry Eagleton|Usually my ideas for work have revolved around my interest in people, especially people that live on the edges of society.
Clémentine Beauvais, Les petites Reines|Valérie: "You know, you don't need to be a lesbian to be a feminist. Nor do you need short hair to be a lesbian. Or a feminist.""Yes, but helps, doesd't it?" Astrid counters
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Manifesting is a lot like making a cake. The things needed are supplied by you, the mixing is done by your mind and the baking is done in the oven of the universe.
Robin Jarvis, Thomas|Why are we sneaking out in the night?” Jack repeated.“I already explained,” Sam snapped. “If you don’t listen—”Taylor jumped in to say, “Because otherwise Astrid would find some way to stop him.” She mimicked Astrid’s voice, injecting it with steel and a tense, condescending tone. “Sam. I am the smartest, hottest girl in the world. So do what I tell you. Good boy. Down, boy. Down!”Sam remained silent, walking steadily just a few feet ahead.Taylor continued, “Oh, Sam, if only you could be as smart plus as totally goody-goody as I am. If only you could realize that you will never be good enough to have me, me, wonderful me, Astrid the Blond Genius.”“Sam, can I shoot her now?” Dekka asked. “Or is it too soon?”“Wait until we’re over the ridge,” Sam said. “It’ll muffle the sound.”“Sorry, Dekka,” Taylor said. “I know you don’t like talking about boy-girl things.”“Taylor,” Sam warned.“Yes, Sam?”“You might want to think about how hard it would be to walk if someone were to turn off gravity under your feet every now and then.”“I wonder who would do that?” Dekka said.Suddenly Taylor fell flat on her face.“You tripped me!” Taylor said, more shocked than angry.“Me?” Dekka spread her hands in a completely unconvincing gesture of innocence. “Hey, I’m all the way over here.”“I’m just saying: you can see where that could make a long walk just a lot longer,” Sam said.“You guys are so not fun,” Taylor grumped. She bounced instantaneously to just behind Sam. She grabbed his butt, he yelled, “Hey!” and she bounced away innocently.“To answer your question, Jack,” Sam said, “we are sneaking out at night so that everyone doesn’t know we’re gone and why. They’ll figure it out soon enough, but Edilio will have to have more of his guys on the streets if I’m not there playing the big, bad wolf. More stress for everyone.”“Oh,” Jack said.“The big, bad wolf,” Taylor said. She laughed. “So, when you play that fantasy in your head is Astrid Little Red Riding Hood or one of the Three Little Pigs?”“Dekka,” Sam said.“Hah! Too slow!
Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters|There are times in our lives when we have to realize our past is precisely what it is, and we cannot change it. But we can change the story we tell ourselves about it, and by doing that, we can change the future.
Bertolt Brecht, Fear and Misery of the Third Reich|In a science fiction novel, the world is a character, and often the most important character.In a mainstream novel, the world is implicitly our world, and the characters are the world.
Steven Levenkron, The Best Little Girl in the World|I thank you for calling them off, young ser. I promise you, they would have found me indigestible.
Wolf Pascoe, Breathing for Two|A gurgling chuckle came from behind him; Jonas had heard it often enough to know that it signified something as close to laughter as the creature ever got. “Yet you believe those things won’t come if you serve your Lord? You know what they say about the road to Hell, Judas.
Jane Hirshfield|Perimeter is not meaning, but it changes meaning,/as wit increases distance, and compassion erodes it.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|There used to be days that I thought I was okay, or at least that I was going to be. We'd be hanging out somewhere and everything would just fit right and I would think 'it will be okay if it can just be like this forever' but of course nothing can ever stay just how it is forever.
Maya Angelou|We need the courage to create ourselves daily, to be bodacious enough to create ourselves daily — as Christians, as Jews, as Muslims, as thinking, caring, laughing, loving human beings. I think that the courage to confront evil and turn it by dint of will into something applicable to the development of our evolution, individually and collectively, is exciting, honorable.
Camille Paglia|Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
Álvaro de Campos|I suddenly asked my master Caeiro, “Are you at peace with yourself?” and he answered, “No, I’m at peace.” It was like the voice of the earth, which is everything and no one.
Erwin McManus|Although a man may wear fine clothing, if he lives peacefully; and is good, self-possessed, has faith and is pure; and if he does not hurt any living being, he is a holy man.
Helen Rowland|My second business would have succeeded but for competitors' jealousy. I was selling motorbike gear cheap, but the people I was undercutting complained to the manufacturer and cut off my supply. It showed me how corrupt business can be. When I sold phones, the same thing happened, but this time I was ready.
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|Good for you, you have a heart, you can be a liberal. Now, couple your heart with your brain, and you can be a conservative.
Yann Martel|I never had problems with my fellow scientists. Scientists are a friendly, atheistic, hard-working, beer-drinking lot whose minds are preoccupied with sex, chess and baseball when they are not preoccupied with science.
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|Self-love is having appreciation for oneself, respecting oneself, and caring for oneself, and the actions that help us mature also help it grow.
Jennifer Lopez|'Harry Potter' really harnessed the imagination of so many young-adult minds, and it's the same with the 'Divergent' series.
Moosa Rahat|Only beards can't make you count as a man, you need to have respect for women in your heart for that.
Bill Rodgers, Marathon Man: My 26.2-Mile Journey from Unknown Grad Student to the Top of the Running World|If you refuse to practice run today,it will make harder to practice it tomorrow
Saul Bellow|It's usually the selfish people who are loved the most. They do what you deny yourself, and you love them for it. You give them your heart.
Randeep Hooda|I used to love to create outfits, and I still do - I just don't have the time. How can you wear one thing and never wear it again? Even my wedding dress - I had a dress made that I could wear again. I'm a child of the depression, so I'm very, very practical.
Nikki Rowe|She wondered If I had woken up, would I have smelled his sadness, his desperation, and his detachment? His death, her breath. He told her once, she remembers, these two words have no other rhyme but each other. If she could go back, she thinks -- She would open her eyes, instead of her heart.
Sherwood Smith, Firebirds: An Anthology of Original Fantasy and Science Fiction|When in doubt, be ridiculous.
Stefan Zweig|We also want to leave our own area behind, our domestic world so well regulated day to day; we are drawn by the desire no longer to be at home and therefore no longer to be ourselves. We want to interrupt a life where we merely exist, in order to live more.
Anya Seton, Katherine|If I had two breaths left in me, the first one I would use to tell you I miss you, and the second that I love you.
Avicii|I have unbelievable trust in my offensive line that they will get the job done. Not only them, but the running backs and as a quarterback, I have to do my job in getting the ball in the right people's hands and doing what I do best.
Calvin W. Allison|Both wisdom, and generosity derive from God. And when one submits themselves completely to Him, one soon becomes like Him: wise and generous.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|There are many ways to get to know someone, and my favorite is seeing them naked in Happy Baby pose.I also feel it is important to have sex soon after meeting someone in order to find out if you have sexual chemistry together. Otherwise, you could wait two to three months after you start dating someone only to discover that your new boyfriend is bad in bed, or even worse, is into anal beads and duct tape.
Milton Glaser|I hate to take compromises with a racing car. The more standard a car is, the more compromises you have to take.
Janet Evanovich, Visions of Sugar Plums|He was in my nose, my mouth, on my skin, inside my cells, deep in the marrow of my bones. Just then, he was everything to me.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|No one had ever accused Koko of being naughty. Perverse, perhaps, or arrogant, or despotic. But naughtiness was beneath his dignity.
Captain Hank Bracker, "The Exciting Story of Cuba"|Known as “Leni,” Helene Bertha Amalie Riefenstahl was born on August 22, 1902. During the Third Reich she was known throughout Germany as a close friend and confidant of the Adolf Hitler. Recognized as a strong swimmer and talented artist, she studied dancing as a child and performed across Europe until an injury ended her dancing career. During the 1920’s Riefenstahl was inspired to become an actress and starred in five motion pictures produced in Germany. By 1932 she directed her own film “Das Blaue Licht.” With the advent of the Hitler era she directed “Triumph des Willens” anf “Olympia” which became recognized as the most innovative and effective propaganda films ever made. Many people who knew of her relationship with Hitler insisted that they had an affair, although she persistently denied this. However, her relationship with Adolf Hitler tarnished her reputation and haunted her after the war. She was arrested and charged with being a Nazi sympathizer, but it was never proven that she was involved with any war crimes. Convinced that she had been infatuated and involved with the Führer, her reputation and career became totally destroyed. Her former friends shunned her and her brother, who was her last remaining relative, was killed in action on the “Eastern Front.” Seeing a bleak future “Leni” Riefenstahl left Germany, to live amongst the Nuba people in Africa. During this time Riefenstahl met and began a close friendship with Horst Kettner, who assisted her with her acknowledged brilliant photography. They became an item from the time she was 60 years old and he was 20. Together they wrote and produced photo books about the Nuba tribes and later filmed marine life. At that time she was one of the world's oldest scuba divers and underwater photographer. Leni Riefenstahl died of cancer on September 8, 2003 at her home in Pöcking, Germany and was laid to rest at the Munich Waldfriedhof.
John C. Parkin, F**k It: The Ultimate Spiritual Way|Wisdom tells me I am nothing, love tells me I am everything. Between the two, my life flows.
Campbell Brown|Despite my excellent mood, I don't have any sympathy for Romney. If he'd been a good candidate he wouldn't have had a different campaign for every month on the calendar.
Alyson Noel, The Immortals Boxed Set|But I want you to know that you're a beautiful girl, far more beautiful than I ever was at your age, and that starving yourself to compete with all of those skinny celebrities who spend half their lives checking in and out of rehab is not only a completely unreasonable and unattainable goal, but will only end up making you sick.
Takashi Murakami|Art is the stored honey of the human soul, gathered on wings of misery and travail.
Marlin Bressi, Blow Me: Hairy Adventures in the Salon Industry|Most families around town only had a bottle of aspirin in their medicine cabinets. If you had the flu, you took an aspirin. If you had a toothache, you took an aspirin. If you were bitten by a snake, you took an aspirin. If you developed kidney problems from taking too much aspirin, you took an aspirin. You wouldn't even think of going to the emergency room unless your leg was hanging by a thread. And even then you might wait a while.
|I am usually asked, 'How do manage to stay consistent with your goals?' I would always reply, 'I do so because I cannot afford to face the consequences of procrastinating on my goals.
Simon Mainwaring|The Y2K bug is a genuine technical concern, consuming the energies of many specialists. But the prophecies of doom represent a broader worldview using the bug as a news hook. In this vision, the good society is a stable society, undisrupted by innovation, ambition or outside influences.
Chuck Lorre|Sensuality is beautiful, and dominance and submission in the right context is a passionate art. A muse which ignites the flame of femininity, enrapturing both partners in complete euphoria, magnifying both the masculine and the feminine in one tantalizing unit.
Enid Blyton, Mr Galliano's Circus|You think Bernadette Maguire killed him?”“Uh… no. She’s, like I said, she’s old.”“Old people can kill people too.”“I know, but…”“She could be a ninja.”“She’s not a ninja, for God’s sake. She’s somebody’s great grandmother.”“I want you to think carefully about this, Kenny. Have you ever seen her with a sword?”“What?”“How about throwing stars?”“This is ridiculous.”“Have you ever seen her dressed up as a ninja? That would have been my ﬁrst clue.”The girl sucked in her cheeks so she wouldn't laugh out loud.
Deyth Banger|When you are dead you are independent, when you are alive your always dependent. It really doesn't matter are you there or there there is somebody above you, always!
Charles Baudelaire|A book is a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|The great truth for Innokenty used to be that we are given only one life.Now, with the new feeling that had ripened in him, he became aware of another law: that we are given only one conscience, too.A life laid down cannot be reclaimed, nor can a ruined conscience.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The loudest preacher in the world is your conscience, the cleverest is wisdom, the rowdiest is passion, the surest is truth, the purest is love, and the highest is God.
Leigh-Allyn Baker|I'm not completely vegan - my diet's probably about 80 percent plant based, but I do eat some meat. I try to know where everything comes from, though. And all bets are off if my husband and I go to a really great restaurant.
Roma Downey|Red carpets seem so glamorous, but you're really just standing there sweating and worrying your hair is going to fall. And in the end, people are only going to see one picture of you. You just smile for one second and then you walk over to the side and check your phone. It's pretty weird.
Kathryn Robson|When you are a Protector, in darkness you see the world through different eyes and the line between Beast and Savior is so thin, you find yourself wondering if it was ever there to begin with.The beat of a heart makes your soul ache, instincts so raw fighting them seems futile and until you are marked, the world holds its breath as within you lies the power to destroy them all.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|Communism deprives no man of the power to appropriate the products of society: all that it does is to deprive him of the power to subjugate the labor of others by means of such appropriation.It has been objected, that upon the abolition of private property all work will cease, and universal laziness will overtake us.According to this, bourgeois society ought long ago to have gone to the dogs through sheer idleness; for those of its members who work, acquire nothing, and those who acquire anything, do not work.
Nicole Scherzinger|Individual psychotherapy - that is, engaging a distressed fellow human in a disciplined conversation and human relationship - requires that the therapist have the proper temperament and philosophy of life for such work. By that I mean that the therapist must be patient, modest, and a perceptive listener, rather than a talker and advice-giver.
Catherine Lacey|...no moment cares, and the ones you wish could stretch out like a hammock for you to lie in, well, those moments leave the quickest and take everything good with them, little burglars, those moments, those hours, those days you loved the most.
Ariana Dancu|She had a wild, wandering soul but when she loved, she loved with chaos and that made all the difference.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Yup, believe it: I was born on March 28, yet my name is April.
Jim Butcher, Changes|Paranoia is a survival trait when you run in my circles. It gives you something to do in your spare time, coming up with solutions to ridiculous problems that aren't ever going to happen. Except when one of them does, at which point you feel way too vindicated.- Harry Dresden, Changes, Jim Butcher
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Mother seemed happiest when making and tending home, the sewing machine whistling and the Mixmaster whirling. Her deepest impulse was to nurture, to simply dwell; it had nothing to do with ambition and achievement in the world...How had I come to believe that my world of questing and writing was more valuable than her dwelling and domestic artistry?...I wanted to go out and do things--write books, speak out. I've been driven by that. I don't know how to rest in myself very well, how to be content staying put. But Mother knows how to BE at home--and really, to be in herself. It's actually very beautiful what she does...I think part of me just longs for the way Mother experiences home.
Ellen J. Barrier|The tough challenges we encounters, makes us stronger, and wiser. With each victory we gain something of value; our character is strengthened.
Rachel Caine, Bitter Blood|And just like that, as if I hadn't said anything at all, the ladies sprang into a conversation about the sinful nature the Jews possessed when killing their Lord Jesus. I didn't know if I was hearing this right because I had become so intoxicated, but I couldn't believe that anyone would talk about religion while on vacation. How could Miss Nebraska think this was a proper environment to discuss something so controversial? One woman went on to say that if she had her way not only would President Bush serve a second four-year term, but she hoped they would overturn Roe v. Wade. This woman was obviously a menace to society and needed to be stopped.
Sarah Michelle Gellar|Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less.
Judy Balan|If she did bitch-slap me, I'd bitch-slap her right back, but I resented the word bitch and all its familiar forms, as it was degrading to women and dogs everywhere.
Giambattista Basile, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|A poet is not somebody who has great thoughts. That is the menial duty of the philosopher. A poet is somebody who expresses his thoughts, however commonplace they may be, exquisitely. That is the one and only difference between the poet and everybody else.
Michael  Darling, Got Luck|Thou mayest choose an helpmeet," said the King to me.An helpmeet? What the great googly-moogly was that?
Tim Kreider|I wanted to do it once. Be a writer. Now I'm near 70, and the only thing I have to show for it is dictionary entries. Don't get me wrong -- I'm incredibly proud of it all. But let me say this, and I'll say it just once: don't fool yourself into thinking you're just on a detour as you sail home for Ithaca. A little pit stop, if you like, with the Lotus-Eaters or Calypso. There's no Athena interceding on your behalf. No guarantee you'll eventually arrive. If there's something you really want in life -- especially if it's something that scares you, or you think you don't deserve -- you have to go after it and do it now. Or in not very long you'll be right: you won't deserve it.
T.P. Rajeevan, പ്രണയശതകം | Prayanayasatakam|I don't know what it is about you that closes and opens; only something in me understands the voice of your eyes is deeper than all the roses. Nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands.
Robin Jones Gunn|There are two words that you should use frequently in your youth: ´sorry´ and ´thank-you´. Use the first one as often as possible, so that on your death bed all that you have to say to your friends is ´thank-you!´.
Sovereign Voice|An intangible substance, make up the world around us. But ironically, must still only foolishly trust, in what they can see or touch.
Nick Joaquín, Reportage on Crime: Thirteen Horror Happenings That Hit the Headlines|In humanity's relentless drive for convenience and economic growth, we have developed a dangerous level of dependency on networked systems in a very short space of time: in less than two decades, huge parts of the so-called 'critical national infrastructure' (CNI in geekish) in most countries have come under the control of ever more complex computer systems.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Friendship Riddle|In these days of conflict between ancient and modern studies, there must surely be something to be said for a study which did not begin with Pythagoras, and will not end with Einstein, but is the oldest and the youngest of all.
Michelle Knight, Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed - A Memoir of the Cleveland Kidnappings|It seems that life is all about timing. Sometimes the timing is perfect for something you want, and the events come together perfectly. It’s at those times when you think life couldn’t get any better. Opportunities are presented to you, and you make the right decisions at the right times. You feel as if your life is gaining speed.Then suddenly, it seems that the universe changes. You’ve stepped out of the flow, or time has sped up or slowed down. You try to make things happen even though the timing is wrong, and it’s like you’re swimming upstream.
Laura Resau, The Queen of Water|You put on a bishop's robe and miter, he pondered, and walk around in that, and people bow and genuflect and like that, and try to kiss your ring, if not your ass, and pretty soon you're a bishop. So to speak. What is identity? he asked himself. Where does the act end? Nobody knows.
Ian McEwan, On Chesil Beach|When he thought of her, it rather amazed him, that he had let that girl with her violin go. Now, of course, he saw that her self-effacing proposal was quite irrelevant. All she had needed was the certainty of his love, and his reassurance that there was no hurry when a lifetime lay ahead of them. Love and patience- if only he had had them both at once- would surely have seen them both through.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|I know you love me. The question is, how much?
Guy de Maupassant, A Day in the Country and Other Stories|The Wind Will Carry UsIn my night, so brief, alasThe wind is about to meet the leaves.My night so brief is filled with devastating anguishHark! Do you hear the whisper of the shadows?This happiness feels foreign to me.I am accustomed to despair.Hark! Do you hear the whisper of the shadows?There, in the night, something is happeningThe moon is red and anxious.And, clinging to this roofThat could collapse at any moment,The clouds, like a crowd of mourning women,Await the birth of the rain.One second, and then nothing.Behind this window,The night tremblesAnd the earth stops spinning.Behind this window, a strangerWorries about me and you.You in your greenery,Lay your hands – those burning memories –On my loving hands.And entrust your lips, replete with life's warmth,To the touch of my loving lipsThe wind will carry us!The wind will carry us!
Anthony Mackie|Not only did I enjoy the creative side of Playboy and enjoy being surrounded by people who are curious about life, but I also love the analytical and hard business side of it.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|What are we after all our dreams, after all our memories?
Jean Sibelius|Music is, for me, like a beautiful mosaic which God has put together. He takes all the pieces in his hand, throws them into the world, and we have to recreate the picture from the pieces.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|To Be Happy, You Must Know The Pass Code of Life. And Life Gives You Many Attempts To Unlock It....
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Like everyone on the planet, one identifies and looks toward a vision of improvement or refinement, but/and one has to find a way to engage both of those—what is so, and what can be—with an appropriate harmony that is itself the hallmark of wholeness. In essence, we are looking to create a harmony between the existing elements, not a more severe dichotomy between what we want and what we should be doing.
Arthur Conan Doyle|You will, I am sure, agree with me that... if page 534 only finds us in the second chapter, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable.
William H. Gass|It’s not the word made flesh we want in writing, in poetry and fiction, but the flesh made word
Tony Curl|Don’t be the person who has an overflowing cup of knowledge but an inactive state of action. That serves no-one, that serves no purpose.
Ellen J. Barrier|If I had seen pictures of people eating each other on the wall, I would've told him I was into cannibalism.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|I give you a week, maybe two, before you're driven to bite someone.""I don't know how to... to bite or drink! But you could teach me.""And what could you possibly do in return?" Lothaire waved a negligent hand. "Play football for me? Break in my jeans really well?
Vincent Wambua Nzoka, The POWER to THRIVE: Key Practical Success Principles to Empower You to Breakthrough in Life Extremes!|Fearlessness is like a muscle. The more you exercise it, the more natural it becomes to not let your fears run you.
Debasish Mridha|No matter wherever you are,share your joy to make this world joyful and better.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Hell is repetition, you go over and over and over. That's hell, so I will eat your eyes in hell, I will be waiting you in hell, I will repeat that over and over and over...
Donald Pillai|Even though our past has a lot to do with who we are today, remember; all that we think, say and do today has everything to do with who we become ~ Donald Pillai
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|I have sinned against You, my Lord, and I would ask that your precious blood would wash and cleanse every stain until it is in the seas of God's forgiveness.
Carson Wentz|What does music mean to me? I don't think I would really be much without it, without it coming through me. It's my means of communication, my means of growth, my means of transportation from one point in my life to another.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|The world contained in a seed, Determined by its program.
Lisa Cach, Great-Aunt Sophia's Lessons for Bombshells|No man ever truly possesses a woman, anyhow," said Gidas moodily. "He has her body for a time if he's lucky, but only the most fleeting glimpse into her soul." Gidas was a poet, or wanted to be.
|Stop comparing where currently stand to where others are, and start focusing on pushing yourself hard enough to consistently climb to greater heights.
Thomas Bernhard|She had been unable to stand the people at the inn. The company had disgusted her. For an instant, but that instant was now long gone, she had thought of returning to her home, to Persia. Or to Greece, where she had friends, but she had dropped the ideaagain. From me she had expected salvation, but I too had disappointed her. I was, much as she was, a lost and ultimately ruinous person, even though I did not admit that to her, she could feel it, she knew it. No salvation could come from such a person. On the contrary, such a person only pushed one even deeper into despair and hopelessness. Schumann, Schopenhauer, these were the two words she said after a prolonged silence and I had the impression that she was smiling as she said them, and then nothing again for a long time. She had had everything, heard and seen everything, that was enough. She did not wish to hear from anyone any more. People were utterly distasteful to her, the whole of human society had profoundly disappointed her and abandoned her in her disappointment. There would have been no point in saying anything, and so I just listened and said nothing. I had, she said, on our second walk in the larch-wood, been the first person to explain to her the concept of anarchy in such a clear and decisive manner. Anarchy she said and no more, after that she was again silent. An anarchist, I had said to her in the larch-wood, was only a person who practised anarchy, she now reminded me. Everything in an intellectual mind is anarchy, she said, repeating another of my quotations. Society, no matter what society, must always be turned upside down and abolished, she said, and what she said were again my words. Everything that is is a lot more terrible and horrible than described by you, she said. You were right, she said, these people here are malicious and violent and this country is a dangerous and an inhuman country. You are lost, she said, just as I am lost. You may escape to wherever you choose. Your science is an absurd science, as is every science. Can you hear yourself? she asked. All these things you yourself said. Schumann and Schopenhauer, they no longer give you anything, you have got to admit it. Whatever you have done in your life, which you are always so fond of describing asexistence, you have, naturally enough, failed. You are an absurd person. I listened to her for a while, then I could bear it no longer and took my leave.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|But how can we venture to reprove or praise the universe! Let us beware of attributing to it heartlessness and unreason or their opposites: it is neither perfect nor beautiful nor noble, and has no desire to become any of these; it is by no means striving to imitate mankind! It is quite impervious to all our aesthetic and moral judgments! It has likewise no impulse to self-preservation or impulses of any kind; neither does it know any laws. Let us beware of saying there are laws in nature. There are only necessities: there is no one to command, no one to obey, no one to transgress...
Tessa Dare, A Lady by Midnight|You deserve to be with somebody, who knows you're the one, from that very first moment he lays eyes on you. Do I believe in love at first sight? But of course! Love cannot be tamed nor bridled by things like time, circumstance, and logic!
James Frey|The Babar the Elephant book is sitting in front of me. I pick it up and start reading it. I remember reading it as a small Boy and enjoying it and imagining that I was friends with Babar, his constant Companion during all of his adventures. He went to the moon, I went with him. He fought Tomb Raiders in Egypt, I fought alongside him. He rescued his elephant girlfriend from Ivory Hunters on the Savanna, I coordinated the getaway. I loved that goddamn Elephant and I loved being his friend. In a childhood full of unhappiness and rage, Babar is one of the few pleasant memories that I have. Me and Babar, kicking some motherfucking ass.
Susan C. Young|Reconciling is about cleaning out your psychic closet. Do you have unresolved issues which are draining your reserves, causing hurt feelings, filling you with regret, or taxing your tenacity? Reconciling can allow you to move forward with acceptance and surrender, rather than berating yourself for what cannot be changed. Are you ready to enjoy peace?
Benjamin R.  Smith, Atlas|I see a cathedral, for instance, one that’s stood for centuries and I marvel and I wonder... How many people passed through the doors? What did they pray for? How many wars did they wish to see ended? How many christenings, weddings, and funerals? Same thing with a record, I guess. Who bought it? Did they ever make love while it was playing? How many times did they read the notes in the cover? Did a song on the album change their life? I suppose it's odd to think about things like that.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.
Colette Dowling, The Cinderella Complex: Women's Hidden Fear of Independence|Once established, the young girl's dependency is systematically supported as she proceeds through childhood. For being "nice" - nonchallenging, nonconfronting, noncomplaining - she's rewarded with good grades, the approval of her parents and teachers, and the affection of her peers. What reason is there for her to turn deviant or nonconformist? The going is good, so she conforms. Increasingly, she patterns herself after what's expected of her.
Ibrahim Rugova|By the Declaration of Independence, dreaded by the foes an for a time doubtfully viewed by many of the friends of America, everything stood on a new and more respectable footing, both with regard to the operations of war or negotiations with foreign powers.
Nick Nolte|Mostly, I straddle reality and the imagination. My reality needs imagination like a bulb needs a socket. My imagination needs reality like a blind man needs a cane.
Clare Balding|I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order.
George Spirakis|I swear to you, by my own stunning good looks and towering ego, that I am not lying to you.
Kevin Alan Milne|God is at the helm even when you think your ship is sinking. Just keep trusting that the captain knows more about where you're heading than you do, and eventually you'll get where you need to be.
Claire Dederer, Poser: My Life in Twenty-three Yoga Poses|I carefully lifted out of the pose and spoke up: "Uh, Fran? When I'm doing the pose (camel), I have this feeling in my chest, kind of a scary, tight feeling."Fran was adjusting someone across the room. She had a way of looking like a thoughtful seamstress when she made adjustments: an inch let out here, a seam straightened there, and everything would be just right. She might as well have had pins tucked between her lips and a tape measure around her neck. Without missing a beat or looking up she said, "Oh, that's fear. Try the pose again."Fear. I hadn't even known it was there.
Dick Van Dyke, My Lucky Life in and Out of Show Business|The show became its own little world, with its own internal rhythm and high standards.
Irvine Welsh, Trainspotting|Familiar words for dead black boys portrayed as complicit in their own demise. Michael Donald's body had been hanged on a Mobile street, and the police were doing the same thing to his name.
Karen Salmansohn, Bounce Back Book|It's not only the event itself, but the way we explain it to ourselves that causes depression.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Anyway, there is an essential difference in gender that isn't politically correct to mention these days. Women are the ones to bear the children after all. They are the ones to nurse. They are the ones, traditionally, who care for the infants. That takes a huge amount of time.'He smiled, waiting for the applause, but something had gone wrong. There was a cold silence from the crowd...'Did you just say that women aren't creative geniuses because they have babies?''No," he said, 'No. Not because. I wouldn't say that. I love women, and not all women have babies. My wife, for one, at least not yet. But listen, we're all given a finite amount of creativity, just like we;re given a finite amount of life, and if a woman continues to spend hers creating actual life and not imaginary life, that's a glorious choice. When a woman has a baby, she's creating so much more than just a world on the page, she's creating life itself, not just a simulacrum. No matter what Shakespeare did, it's so much less than your average illiterate woman of his age who had babies. Those babies were our ancestors, necessary to make everyone here today, and no one could seriously argue that any play is worth a single human wife. I mean the history of the stage supports me here. If women have historically demonstrated less creative genius than men, it's because they're making their creations internal, spending the energies on life itself. It's a kind of bodily genius. You can't tell me that isn't at least as worthy as genius of imagination. I think we can all agree that women are just as good as men, better in many ways. But the reason for the disparity in creation, is because women have turned their creative energies inward not outward.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|I want to do what little I can to make my country truly free, to broaden the intellectual horizon of our people, to destroy the prejudices born of ignorance and fear, to do away with the blind worship of the ignoble past, with the idea that all the great and good are dead, that the living are totally depraved, that all pleasures are sins, that sighs and groans are alone pleasing to God, that thought is dangerous, that intellectual courage is a crime, that cowardice is a virtue, that a certain belief is necessary to secure salvation, that to carry a cross in this world will give us a palm in the next, and that we must allow some priest to be the pilot of our souls.
L.M. Montgomery, Chronicles of Avonlea|Gossip, as usual, was one-third right and two-thirds wrong.
Richard Rogers|It was nice to finish up Stanford. I think I always felt that I would be there for four years and graduate, and definitely didn't want to leave early. A degree was definitely a plus, and I was having a lot of fun in school. But after football, you know, I don't know. I really did enjoy studying architecture; it was a blast.
Marie Lu, Legend|I hope,” he replies softly, “to get to know you again. If you are open to it. There is a fog around you that I would like to clear away.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|Something in me didnt believe that. I read it again, trying to make sense of the old-fashioned language. Mason watched me curiously, looking like he very much wanted to help."Maybe they were hooking up," he sugg
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|This is hell, but I planned it. I sawed it,I nailed it, and I will live in it until it kills me.I can nail my left palm to the left-hand crosspiece butI can’t do everything myself. I need a hand to nail the right,a help, a love, a you, a wife.
Maria Herliana|When I became insane, the music that calms me down…
Michio Kaku|According to science/religion/philosophy, there is a part/piece/place in our body that is the source of our energy. It has no end or beginning. It is the concentration of everything that we are made up of. It is our version of the Chicago-fire that burns us down, only to make us emerge from our ashes like the Phoenix. It makes us who we are. Unfortunately, it hasn’t been named yet. They can’t find a word in any language that can explain the sheer beauty and infinite power that it holds. They must have never met you. If it were up to me, I would have named “it” after you. You.
Roy T. Bennett|When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.
RVM|Wake up in the morning and get into each day, living it in a way that will make you happy and gay.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|It is not time or opportunity that is to determine intimacy;—it is disposition alone. Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other, and seven days are more than enough for others.
Dejan Stojanovic|I sat against one of the house’s clay walls. The kinship I felt suddenly for the old land... it surprised me. I’d been gone long enough to forget and be forgotten. I had a home in a land that might as well be in another galaxy to the people sleeping on the other side of the wall I leaned against. I thought I had forgotten about this land. But I hadn’t. And, under the bony glow of a halfmoon, I sensed Afghanistanhumming under my feet. Maybe Afghanistan hadn’t forgotten me either. I looked westward and marveled that, somewhere over those mountains, Kabul still existed. It really existed, not just as an old memory, or as the heading of an AP story on page 15 of the San FranciscoChronicle. Somewhere over those mountains in the west slept the city where my harelipped brother and I had run kites. Somewhere over there, the blindfolded man from my dream had died a needless death. Once, over those mountains, I had made a choice. And now, a quarter of a century later, that choice had landed me right back on this soil.
Aristotle Onassis|Listen, 'real' women are the reason the fashion industry exists.
Thomas More, Utopia|The education of youth belongs to the priests, yet they do not take so much care of instructing them in letters, as in forming their minds and manners aright; they use all possible methods to infuse, very early, into the tender and flexible minds of children, such opinions as are both good in themselves and will be useful to their country, for when deep impressions of these things are made at that age, they follow men through the whole course of their lives, and conduce much to preserve the peace of the government, which suffers by nothing more than by vices that rise out of ill opinions.
J.R.R. Tolkien|I think we delight to praise what we enjoy because the praise not merely expresses but completes the enjoyment; it is its appointed consummation. It is not out of compliment that lovers keep on telling one another how beautiful they are; the delight is incomplete till it is expressed. It is frustrating to have discovered a new author and not to be able to tell anyone how good he is; to come suddenly, at the turn of the road, upon some mountain valley of unexpected grandeur and then to have to keep silent because the people with you care for it no more than for a tin can in the ditch; to hear a good joke and find no one to share it with. . . . The Scotch catechism says that man’s chief end is ‘to glorify God and enjoy Him forever.’ But we shall then know that these are the same thing. Fully to enjoy is to glorify. In commanding us to glorify Him, God is inviting us to enjoy Him.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|How to recognize what is real? To know the layers and depths of oneself, to know how to open, to know how to fill a capacious hold-all, to know one’s own quirks and nervous twitches, cravings and transparencies, and, above all the force, literally the force, of events, connections, the wild calm in every thing. 
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If a man wishes to ensure the bad opinion of others, his best course probably is to be honest about himself.
Caroline B. Cooney, Fatal Bargain|But sometimes, in tight corners, when your back is against the wall and the world is against you, you have to fight back in unexpected ways.
Jaimie Roberts, A Step Two Close|Bragging that you finished in two strokes. Just like a man.”--Sloane Barrett, Killer Curves
Raël, Intelligent Design: Message from the Designers|All that happens in the human brain is but the result of electro-chemical reactions. Be it of love, hate, of pleasure, of suffering, of imagination, or all other states of mind, sentiment or sickness; the process depends in every case on the chemical reactions produced in the interior of the brain, and the resulting electrical impulses or messages, be they visual, auditory, based on memory, or an interpretation of new events based on elements that one has in the memory.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|The gulf between their world and hers had manifested itself, however much they'd meditated on how to ball her, and remained.
Claire Bidwell Smith, After This: When Life Is Over, Where Do We Go?|When you've gone through something traumatic, when you've faced death and loss as much as we have, it's only natural that it changes your entire view of life.
Ramani Durvasula, You Are WHY You Eat: Change Your Food Attitude, Change Your Life|Each and every day begins with a choice, the first influencing the second, the third and so on . . .
James Scott, co-founder, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|People came here for a reason, to follow their conscience, to be free!
Marvin Minsky|There's no way I can justify my salary level, but I'm learning to live with it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|As always, imagine how great the press corps would be if it devoted 1/1000th the energy to dissecting non-sex political wrongdoing
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|None of us can help where we were scattered, Blue. But none of us has to remain where we were scattered.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|I have no right to call myself one who knows. I was one who seeks, and I still am, but I no longer seek in the stars or in books; I'm beginning to hear the teachings of my blood pulsing within me. My story isn't pleasant, it's not sweet and harmonious like the invented stories; it tastes of folly and bewilderment, of madness and dream, like the life of all people who no longer want to lie to themselves.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|This pause in time, within time ... When did I first experience the exquisite sense of surrender that is only possible with another person? The peace of mind one experiences on one's own, one's certainty of self in the serenity of solitude, are nothing in comparison to the release and openness and fluency one shares with another, in close companionship ...
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|Puis il réfléchit: la réalité ne coïncide habituellement pas avec les prévisions; avec une logique perverse, il en déduisit que prévoir un détail circonstanciel, c'est empêcher que celui-ci se réalise. Fidèle à cette faible magie, il inventait, pour les empêcher de se réaliser, des péripéties atroces; naturellement, il finit par craindre que ces péripéties ne fussent prophétiques. Misérable dans la nuit, il essayait de s'affirmer en quelque sorte dans la substance fugitive du temps. Il savait que celui-ci se précipitait vers l'aube du 29; il raisonnait à haute voix; je suis maintenant dans la nuit du 22; tant que durera cette nuit (et six nuits de plus) je suis invulnérable, immortel. Il pensait que les nuits de sommeil étaient des piscines profondes et sombres dans lesquels il pouvait se plonger. Il souhaitait parfois avec impatience la décharge définitive qui le libérerait tant bien que mal de son vain travail d'imagination.
Nandan Nilekani|Marriage is another trap. If you are someone who likes independence, it's another stamp against that. And you have to swear to fidelity.
Gregory Meeks|It's very satisfying to promote science and education and see good results. Setting a good example for young people, being a role model, is very important for me.
Terry Fallis, Poles Apart|Being a feminist in principle is easy compared to being a feminist in practice. For men and women, living each day in practical defiance of thousands of years of gender-based streaming is so much harder than walking in marches, running workshops, and writing blog posts. It means questioning everything you do, moment by moment, day by day. It means thinking differently and making dozens of conscious decisions every day that you might have made on auto-pilot before. It's hard. It's taxing. It's tiring.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|Confronted by menace or what is perceived as menace, governments will usually attempt to smash it, rarely to examine it, understand it, and drefine it.
Henry James, Roderick Hudson|If you have work to do, don't wait to feel like it; set to work and you will feel like it.
Miranda Richmond Mouillot, A Fifty-Year Silence: Love, War, and a Ruined House in France|A question wells up inside me, a question so big it blocks my throat and makes it hard to breathe. Somehow I swallow it back, finally choosing another. "Are memories such an important thing?""It depends," she replies, and closes her eyes. "In some cases, they're the most important thing there is.
Odille Rault|The next time you think something's too good to be true, remember - so's electricity and sewerage!
Ashly Lorenzana|People leave imprints on our lives, shaping who we become in much the same way that a symbol is pressed into the page of a book to tell you who it comes from. Dogs, however, leave paw prints on our lives and our souls, which are as unique as fingerprints in every way.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|So many people live their lives not knowing the real and exact reasons why they live. They follow anything for something and they do something for anything. When you live life with a blurry vision, you live a blurry life. Vision is life, and a life without vision is a dead life
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Do not be discouraged by the disappointments you meet. Don't ever loose hope because, you missed opportunities. Disappointment and missing opportunities are all essential components of life. They give us the reasons to reason and they teach us the best lessons in life. They give a clear distinction between the wonder and the wander. When you meet disappointments, ponder! you may be on the great bath to that great appointment.Instead of being disappointed by disappointments, find the 'this appointment' disappointments show you. Instead of crying over missing and missed opportunities, let missing and missed opportunities miss you
Ray Comfort|Life is a series of steps. Things are done gradually. Once in a while there is a giant step, but most of the time we are taking small, seemingly insignificant steps on the stairway of life.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Tree|...I do come home at Christmas. We all do, or we all should. We all come home, or ought to come home, for a short holiday - the longer, the better - from the great boarding-school, where we are forever working at our arithmetical slates, to take, and give a rest. As to going a visiting, where can we not go, if we will; where have we not been, when we would; starting our fancy away from our Christmas Tree!
Bonnie Marcus, The Politics of Promotion: How High-Achieving Women Get Ahead and Stay Ahead|Faith revels in the liberating fact that only a terribly miniscule part of life lies within the constricted confines of my reach, and that I am graciously invited out to live in a place beyond my grasp.
Nelly|Relationships, like cars, should undergo regular services to make sure they are still roadworthy.
Dr.Ashok Anand|There is nothing illogical in the desire of the "have-nots" to appropriate the wealth of the "haves"; in fact, it is part and parcel of the law of animal life. The bear robs the hive and the wolf the fold, and when "nature red in tooth and claw" is stretched into its human dimension, there is nothing irrational in Marx's theory that, granted the power, one social class should devour another. But what is irrational is, to assume that by robbing the hive the bear will assume the industry of the bee, or by robbing the fold the wolf will become as pacific as the sheep. It is astonishing that a man of Marx's high intelligence could have believed in ritualistic cannibalism on the social plane; that by wresting the forces of production from the bourgeoisie and centralizing them in the hands of the proletariat, the proletariat would automatically aacquire the skills of the ruling class. And it is equally astonishing that a man of Lenin's mental calibre could have attempted to put this magic into practice.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|As Hagrid had said, what would come would come and he would have to meet it when it did.
Elizabeth Berg, True to Form|If I had to create a god, I would lend him a “slow understanding”: a kind of drip-by-drip understanding of problems. People who understand quickly frighten me.
Yukihiro Matsumoto|Freedom is never easily won, but once established, freedom lasts, spreads and chokes out tyranny.
Booker T. Washington, Up from Slavery|That’s the trouble with you young people.” Saying young as though it was a bad thing.“You’re in too darn much of a hurry to notice.”“Notice what, exactly?”“The difference,” she’d replied slowly, as if I were particularly stupid, “between what people want you to see, and what’s real.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|I am no king, and I am no lord,And I am no soldier at-arms," said he."I'm none but a harper, and a very poor harper,That am come hither to wed with ye.""If you were a lord, you should be my lord,And the same if you were a thief," said she."And if you are a harper, you shall be my harper,For it makes no matter to me, to me,For it makes no matter to me.""But what if it prove that I am no harper?That I lied for your love most monstrously?""Why, then I'll teach you to play and sing,For I dearly love a good harp," said she.
Peter S. Beagle, The Folk of the Air|I will miss it so,” she said beside him. “This hell of a place, I will miss it so much. This fat body, walking mud puddle, deceived by everything, this impossible, ruinous accident of a world, these people who would truly rather hurt one another than eat—oh, there is nothing, nothing, nothing I would not do to stay here ten minutes longer. Oh, I will leave claw marks, I will drag mountains and forests away under my fingernails when I am dragged off. Such a stupid way to feel. I will be all dirty from clutching at this stupid planet, and the gods will laugh at me.
Tennessee Williams, A Streetcar Named Desire and Other Plays|Youth is like a fickle girlfriend. We can't understand or value her until she goes off with someone else, never to return.
David Mamet, The Secret Knowledge: On the Dismantling of American Culture|Kraus asks the question of Freudian analysis: What would be enough? At what point would talking about one’s problems for x hours a week, be sufficient to bring one to a state of “normalcy”?The genius of Freudianism, Kraus writes, is not the creation of a cure, but of a disease—the universal, if intermittent, human sentiment that “something is not right,” elaborated into a state whose parameters, definitions, and prescriptions are controlled by a self-selecting group of “experts,” who can never be proved wrong.It was said that the genius of the Listerine campaign was attributable to the creation not of mouthwash, but of halitosis. Kraus indicts Freud for the creation of the nondisease of dissatisfaction. (See also the famous “malaise” of Jimmy Carter, which, like Oscar Wilde’s Pea Soup Fogs, didn’t exist ’til someone began describing it.) To consider a general dissatisfaction with one’s life, or with life in general as a political rather than a personal, moral problem, is to exercise or invite manipulation. The fortune teller, the “life coach,” the Spiritual Advisor, these earn their living from applying nonspecific, nonspecifiable “remedies” to nonspecifiable discomforts.The sufferers of such, in medicine, are called “the worried well,” and provide the bulk of income and consume the bulk of time of most physicians. It was the genius of the Obama campaign to exploit them politically. The antecedent of his campaign has been called Roosevelt’s New Deal, but it could, more accurately, be identified as The Music Man.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All writers are demonic dreamers. Writing is an act of sharing experiences and offering of an individualistic perspective of our private attitudes pertaining to whatever topics of thought intrigues the author. Writing is a twitchy art, which attempts to employ linguist building blocks handed-down from past generations. Writers’ word choices form a structure of conjoined sentences when overlaid with the lingua of modern culture. Writers attempt to emulate in concrete form the synesthesia of our personal pottage steeped in our most vivid feelings. Writing a personal essay calls for us to sort out a jungle of lucid observations and express in a tangible technique our unique interpretation of coherent observations interlaced with that effusive cascade of yearning, the universal spice of unfilled desire, which turmoil of existential angst swamps us.
Lewis H. Lapham|War is easier than peace. The government elects to punish an enemy it perceives as weak because it is easier to send an aircraft carrier to the Persian Gulf than to attempt the harder task of making American society not so wretchedly defaced by its hungry children, its crowded prisons, and its corporate thieves....
Michael Chabon, The Yiddish Policemen's Union|Bina, thank you. Bina, listen, this guy. His name wasn't Lasker. This guy-'She puts a hand to his mouth. She has not touched him in three years. It probably would be too much to say that he feels the darkness lift at the touch of her fingertips against his lips. But it shivers, and light bleeds in among the cracks.
Suzanne Berne|Where do you get your ideas?' people are always asking authors they admire, which I’ve always thought was another way of asking, 'How did you get my ideas, which I didn’t know I had until you put words to them?' We are known, appreciated, even cherished by our favorite writers; every word of our favorite books seems to have been written for us. Within their sentences and paragraphs, those writers are forever available, forever patient, including us in their compassionate recognition of the impossible, exhausting complexity of being human (those “many thousand” selves), never ignoring us or abandoning us or finding us dull. It’s you, they whisper, as we turn their pages, you are the one I’ve been waiting to tell everything to.
Susan C. Young|Do you ever feel like you have been stopped dead in your tracks? That you have fallen and can’t get up? Or like you are stuck in a rut or wading in muck? Paralysis, inertia, and being stuck, can be disempowering and disabling. What is it going to take for you to restart your engines and get moving again?
Von Miller|From day one, I have been told I am no different from the male astronauts. As a pilot, I flew in the sky. Now that I am an astronaut, I will fly in space.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Feeling lost, crazy and desperate belongs to a good life as much as optimism, certainty and reason.
Tim Burton|To me, form doesn't always follow function. Form has a life of its own, and at times, it may be the motivating force in design. When you're dealing with form as a sculptor, you feel that you are quite free in attempting to mould and shape things you want to do, but in architecture, it's much more difficult because it has to have a function.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Let your vision be ahead of your sight! Dream beyond what you see and never let your environment determine the size of what you see in your convictions. If possible, dream about what does not exist and the good news is that “it is possible”; so go and do it now!
Ernest Hemingway|Do you suffer when you write? I don't at all. Suffer like a bastard when don't write, or just before, and feel empty and fucked out afterwards. But never feel as good as while writing.
hlbalcomb|Soulful intent...A perspective that reminds us that our understanding is not the only way" from Cinderella in Focus: Cindy's Secret
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|Fuck, Christina.”“Yes, fuck Christina. I think she'd like that.
Johanna Lindsey, Once a Princess|You aren't even angry with me anymore, Stefan, so let me up."He didn't budge. "It would be a misconception on your part, little Tanya, if you are thinking I have to be angry to make love to you." His head bent, his lips grazing her cheek all the way to her ear. With his warm breath sending tingles all over her, he continued in a whisper, "I wanted you last night, today a dozen times, right now more than ever. Tell me to love you, Tanya. Demand it of me!
Ellen Hopkins, Rumble|People think the Bible is too complicated for the average person to understand. People tend to be wrong. It's too complicated for the unsaved person, yes, it's foolishness to him. But for those who are in Christ, it's a magnificent journey of simplicity. Depth, richness, but simplicity. It's the fact that the natural man can't believe that life with Christ is so simple that cause the great "complexity" argument. Stop, take a breath, and believe that it's as simple as it appears.
P.J. Parker, Fire on the Water: A Companion to Mary Shelley's Frankenstein|He pushed a finger through the surface of the water to trace the outline of her mouth. Ethereal bits of flesh floated loosely about his knuckle and nail. Then, calmly, he pulled her body up out of the tub and into his arms. He placed his lips on hers, now as cold and dead as his own.
Chris Womersley, Bereft|Quote taken from Chapter 1: That's the idea. Listen, Frank, this one is different. She's a keeper." He let that part gel in me. "Get your head screwed on straight and move to Richmond. You hate it living in Pelham.
Helen Fox|The man was staring directly at him now, a curious expression on his face, half smiling, half quizzical. Instantly Eager had a sense of certainty far deeper than anything he had experienced so far. "I have it too!" he exclaimed. "I am a part of this Earth, aren't I? Just like the birds and the trees and the people - I am.""Om." said his companion.Unseen by them, a blossom fell.
L. Ron Hubbard|Stress the right of the individual to select only what he desires to know, to use any knowledge as he wishes, that he himself owns what he has learned.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The world needs the kind of education by means of which character is formed, strength of the mind is increased and the human intellect is expanded beyond its own limits.
M.K. Clinton, The Returns|Nimrod began to understand that what he was experiencing was, in spite of its appearance of novelty, something which had existed before–many times before. His body began to recognize situations, impressions, and objects. In reality, none of there astonished him very much. Faced with new circumstances, he would dip into the fount of his memory, the deep-seated memory of the body, would search blindky and feverishly, and often find ready made within himself a suitable reaction: the wisdom of generations, deposited in his plasma, in his nerves. He found actions and decisions of which he had not been aware but which had been lying in wait, ready to emerge.
Kerrelyn Sparks, Forbidden Nights with a Vampire|And that is how we are. By strength of will we cut off our inner intuitive knowledge from admitted consciousness. This causes a state of dread, or apprehension, which makes the blow ten times worse when it does fall.
Vladimir Nabokov, Strong Opinions|Though outwardly Kristina maintained that a clean room was a symptom of a diseased mind (for how could she, while studying the world's greatest thinkers, be bothered with such mundane earthly issues as cleaning?), inwardly she hated untidyness and made a point of spending as little time in the room as possible.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When Rome was at the height of her glory and power, there appeared a disturbing sect called Christians. Because of a fire that burned within them, these people dared to be different . . . they refused to be defiled by the sensual practices of a disintegrating civilization. In a period when human life was cheap, they put a high value upon human beings, their souls, and their destiny. These Christians refused to be absorbed into the godless society of Rome. They had not heard of the rule that we hear today, “When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|She has suffered so much, and that sorrows me. But she has been strong in the face of unthinkable adversity, and that inspires me.
Ken Liu, All the Flavors|But it's not really Chinese, is it?'Logan was thoughtful for a moment. "I don't know. I guess you'd say it's really not if you look back thousands of years. But I don't think that way. Lots of things start out not Chinese and end up that way.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|I think can sit here for hours,Arguing with the world as to why I can't give up,Tell everyone around me what a blessing you are,Laugh at all the times that you've brought sun into my life,I can tell everyone how passionate you are and how much you bring into this world,But right now I'm sitting here for hours,Trying to keep myself together because I'm trying to figure out how to tell the world that the man I love,Is the reason why I'm so broken.
Natasha Richardson|In the Java Sea in Indonesia, I have seen fishers going out in the morning, six of them going out and coming back with five pounds of fish. That is the end point, a pound of fish per person per day to sell for rice. That's where fisheries go if you let it happen. That's where it stabilizes. These people cannot feed their families.
Steve Maraboli|Actions reveal… If you have to TELL me you’re honest, caring, generous, spiritual, kind, loving, and a good person... you’re doing it wrong.
Yukio Mishima, Sun and Steel|However, as words become particularized, and as men begin - in however small a way - to use them in personal, arbitrary ways, so their transformation into art begins.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|Some women nodded, others shook their heads. I would have killed myself before I let one of them move into my house. Would you Helen? Would you really?
Colleen Houck|That dress…was a very, very good decision. I could write an entire poem on the virtues of your legs alone. You are a feast for the senses.” I laughed. “I don’t know about a feast. Maybe just an hors d'oeuvre.” He took my hand and wrapped it around his arm. “Not an hors d'oeuvre. The dessert. And I plan to spoil my appetite.
Dada Bhagwan|Until pride (vanity) leaves, there is nothing but pain, pain and more pain!
Sri Aurobindo, Savitri: A Legend and a Symbol|A thinking puppet is the mind of life: Its choice is the work of elemental strengths That know not their own birth and end and cause And glimpse not the immense intent they serve. In this nether life of man drab-hued and dull, Yet filled with poignant small ignoble things, The conscious Doll is pushed a hundred ways And feels the push but not the hands that drive. For none can see the masked ironic troupe To whom our figure-selves are marionettes, Our deeds unwitting movements in their grasp, Our passionate strife an entertainment’s scene.
Auliq Ice|Terror and pleasure are linked in us. We are a baldly miswired species, Martie. Terror delights us, both the experience of terror and the dealing out of it to others. We are healthier if we admit to this miswiring and do not struggle to be better than our natures allow.
Beem Weeks|Greed and Lust never say, "Enough!
John Connolly, The Wolf in Winter|I never realized that life could be as difficult for a beautiful woman as it is for a plain one,” he said.“Life can be difficult for everyone,” she replied.“Misery makes no distinction between prince and pauper.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Bagombo Snuff Box|Reading a novel, War and Peace for example, is no Catnap. Because a novel is so long, reading one is like being married forever to somebody nobody knows or cares about.
Charles Holt, Intuitive Rebel: Tuning in to the Voice That Matters|The ego is a palpable body part in an attorney, perhaps the most prominent body part.
Allison Kilkenny, #Newsfail: Climate Change, Feminism, Gun Control, and Other Fun Stuff We Talk About Because Nobody Else Will|What matter is the information, not what you think about it.
Thomas S. Monson|More are the names of God and infinite are the forms through which He may be approached. In whatever name and form you worship Him, through them you will realise Him.
Kia Amazona, The Way It Was Before|I was sure I fell in love with him again like the usual. He did things that made me go back to him. Once again, it scared me half to death.
Danielle LaPorte, White Hot Truth: Clarity for Keeping It Real on Your Spiritual Path from One Seeker to Another|Steadily, we are listening more to the intelligence of our hearts—and acting on that wisdom. And that's what spirituality is—an expression of Love.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
Sesan Kareem|There are three things that stop people from becoming their best, "fear" "anger" and "greed." The antidote to fear is action, the cure for anger is gratitude and the medicine to greed is love.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Economist Marvin Harris described women as a "literate and docile" labor pool, and "therefore desirable candidates for the information- and people-processing jobs thrown up by modern service industries." The qualities that best serve employers in such a labor pool's workers are: low self-esteem, a tolerance for dull repetitive tasks, lack of ambition, high conformity, more respect for men (who manage them) than women (who work beside them), and little sense of control over their lives.
Nikita Gill|Those shining stars, he liked to point out, were one of the special treats for people like us who lived out in the wilderness. Rich city folks, he'd say, lived in fancy apartments, but their air was so polluted they couldn't even see the stars. We'd have to be out of our minds to want to trade places with any of them.
Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked|The platinum Omega watch he gave me at breakfast on our first morning in London obscures the red line. The inscription still makes me swoon. AnastasiaYou are My MoreMy Love, My LifeChristian
Studs Terkel, Working: People Talk About What They Do All Day and How They Feel About What They Do|I think most of us are looking for a calling, not a job. Most of us, like the assembly-line worker, have jobs that are too small for our spirit. Jobs are not big enough for people.
Tullian Tchividjian|Your identity is firmly anchored in Christ's accomplishment, not yours; his strength, not yours; his performance, not yours; his victory, not yours.
Antonio Damasio|Science is not, despite how it is often portrayed, about absolute truths. It is about developing an understanding of the world, making predictions, and then testing these predictions.
J. Reuben Clark|Instead of being taught independence, energy, and enterprise, our youth today is taught to look for security.
Eric-Emmanuel Schmitt|Thinking of possibilities is like driving a car on a freeway. You have an open road that stretches endlessly before you where your thoughts are not shackled. But when we say 'impossible,' we have already reached a dead-end in our minds. So dwell on possibilities to open up your horizon.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters.Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
Will Self|I like coffee in the morning and decaf green tea throughout the day... When I was younger and modeling, to kick-start a diet I would do a juice cleanse.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, Web of Light|Life and our love for others is a balancing act, I understand then; a dance between our instinct to be safe and hold fast, and our drive to flee, to run - from danger, toward new places to feed ourselves.
Jess C. Scott, Heart's Blood|...some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Nthabiseng Motjamela|God has make life simple for us but the choices we do at the end of each day, are the ones that make our lives complicated.
Erin Summerill, Ever the Hunted|Let only the young come, Says the sea. Let them kiss my face And hear me. I am the last word And I tell Where storms and stars come from.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|And there I was at night, chasing after the full moon behind the clouds like a mad man in search of the reflection of the light of love in another person, without daring to light up the spark of light that I had left within myself. It was nowhere to be seen, but I felt it was out there somewhere. I've surely seen it a couple of days ago up in the sky and my eyes couldn't have lied to me, it was so beautiful, or so it appeared to be. I guess I have to stop stalking what can't be seen for awhile and let the light of the full moon find its way through my messed up soul. Maybe it's time to go to sleep and trust that another sunrise will renew what the full moon couldn't clear away tonight. During all that time, I might've not found the light of the moon, but I rested deeply with the sound of the raindrops, while gazing at the quiet river flowing slowly. What a crucial moment to be alive!
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Stranger|Your life is very different from mine. For one, you can transform into a wolf.”	“I can,” she agreed. “And you live with a vampire and gargoyle. That’s not the typical human way, is it?
David Foster Wallace, Oblivion|In the old days he had clutched life with such violence that the juice of it ran out between his fingers and was lost, but now he would touch it delicately, thankful for the good and accepting the ills with patience.
William Irish|I was just thinking how the purr of a contented cat is one of my favorite sounds in the world. There's something so comforting about it, isn't there?
Jonh Wesley|The arm of flesh will fail you," Bridie's grandmother had been fond of reminding her, especially after she'd started dating, bringing home this one and that one, going on and on about them. "Love with all your heart, . . . but don't look to anybody but the Lord to fill up your empty spots. There's never been a man born . . . who can do that, and I don't care if he's the finest thing since store-bought pickles.
Zoe Forward, Hooked On A Witch|It sucks. I think you'd make a pretty snake woman, but I'm not really into that kind of girl. Those pointy teeth and slitted nose. Their mindless need to kill..." He shuddered.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|The fine line between genius and madness is a punch line. Duck, you idiot!
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, The Dialogue of the Dogs|Discipline is the great equalizer. If a young woman is beautiful but has no discipline, she will lose her looks as she grows older. If a plain woman is disciplined she will undoubtedly become more beautiful with time.
Katherine Mansfield, Stories|I thought how true it was that the world was a delightful place if it were not for the people, and how more than true it was that people were not worth troubling about, and that wise men should set their affections upon nothing smaller than cities, heavenly or otherwise, and countrysides which are always heavenly.
José N. Harris, Mi Vida|BETRAYALNo failure in Life, whether of love or money, is ever really that simple; it usually involves a type of a shadowy betrayal, buried in a secret, mass grave of shared hopes and dreams.That universal mass grave exists in a private cemetery that most... both those suffering from the loss, but especially those committing the betrayal, refuse to acknowledge its existence.When you realize you've been deeply betrayed, fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's anger and frustration. Then disspointment and disilussionment.Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate effects and consequences of betrayal on our hearts and spirits; and on trust and respect for our fellow brothers and sisters.In writing, there are only really a few good stories to tell, and in the end, and betrayal and the failure of love is one of the most powerful stories to tell.Tragedy in life normally comes with betrayal and compromise- by trading in our integrity and failing to treat life and others in our life, with respect and dignity. That's really where the truest and the most tragic failures comes from... they come making the choice to betray another soul, and in turn, giving up a peice of your own.
Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White|I expect everyone in Boston has something like that ring, which is why I am glad I have never been to Boston.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|You should always be ready to apply these two rules of action, the first, to do nothing other than what the kingly and law-making art ordains for the benefits of humankind, and, the second, to be prepared to change your mind if someone is at hand to put you right and guide you away from some groundless opinion.
R.D. Ronald, The Zombie Room|If he's a poet, why's he in jail?" demanded a suspicious voice. Madam Chairwoman shrugged velvet shoulders.  "Perhaps he writes free verse," she suggested cunningly. A stir of approval answered her. Mice are all for people being free, so that they too can be freed form their eternal task of cheering prisoners--so that they can stay snug at home, nibbling the family cheese, instead of sleeping out in damp straw on a diet of stale bread.
L. Jon Wertheim|Climate change. Urbanization. Biotechnology. Those three narratives, still taking shape, are developing a long arc likely to dominate this century.
Kristen Simmons, Article 5|Yelena, you've driven me crazy. You've caused me considerable trouble and I've contemplated ending your life twice since I've known you...but you slipped under my skin, invaded my blood and seized my heart.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Criticism is no threat to your self-esteem or identity, but rather informs you.
Jed Rubenfeld, The Interpretation of Murder|The reflex of fear was soon replaced with another, more useful emotion.Rage.
Auliq Ice|Things fucking change, dude! Life changes. Priorities change. Pre-fucking-conceived notions change. You have to adjust and change with them or your ass gets left behind.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|When you keep hurting someone, you do one of three things. Either you fill them up with hate, and they destroy everything around them. Or you fill them up with sadness, and they destroy themselves. Or you fill them up with justice, and they try to destroy everything that's bad and cruel in this world. Me, I was the first kind of person.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|Those who possess wisdom cannot just ladle it out to every wantwit and jackanapes who comes along and asks for it. A person must be prepared to receive wisdom, or else it will do him more harm than good. Moreover, a lout thrashing about in the clear waters of wisdom will dirty those waters for everyone else.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Despite her fears she found,The secret to an outstanding life,Is risking the fall,For the possibility of flight.
Colin Maclaurin|Nature  …   has made it impossible for us to have any communication from this earth with the other great bodies of the universe, in our present state; and it is highly possible that he has likewise cut off all communication betwixt the other planets, and betwixt the different systems.… We observe, in all of them, enough to raise our curiosity, but not to satisfy it  …   It does not appear to be suitable to the wisdom that shines throughout all nature, to suppose that we should see so far, and have our curiosity so much raised  …   only to be disappointed at the end  …   This, therefore, naturally leads us to consider our present state as only the dawn or beginning of our existence, and as a state of preparation or probation for farther advancement.…
Richard Dawkins|As a songwriter, you respect and appreciate the writings of other people, and I often get asked, are there songs out there I wish I'd written? Yes. There's many of them!
Salman Rushdie|Sometimes legends make reality, and become more useful than the facts.
Bella Andre, Kiss Me Like This|The person who feels secure, loved, safe and happy inside will have a secure, safe and happy life. Your inner integrity will be matched by those around you.
Janet Evanovich, Two for the Dough|In spite of all the sparring that went on between us, I sort of liked Morelli. Good judgment told me to stand clear of him, but then I've never been a slave to good judgment.
Ice T|I was a total metal-head as a teen. I still love it, too.
John Marks Templeton|Faith does not imply a closed, but an open mind. Quite the opposite of blindness, faith appreciates the vast spiritual realities that materialist overlook by getting trapped in the purely physical.
Luke Rhinehart, The Dice Man|I am born anew at each green fall of the die, and by die-ing I eliminate my since. The past - paste, pus, piss - is all only illusory events created by a stone mask to justify an illusory stagnant present.
Dada Bhagwan|One comes back [reborn] as a son because of harmony with us [from the past life] and one comes back as a son also because of enmity [vengeance from the past life], [but] needlessly arises the illusion [wrong belief] that ‘they are mine...they are mine’.
Elizabeth Enright, Then There Were Five|Iced tea! Nothing is half so refreshing as a glass of black tea piled high with ice! More than a quencher of thirst, it is a tamer of tempers, a lifter of lethargy, and a brightener of smiles. It is a taste of Winter’s chill, magically trapped in midsummer’s glass.
Delaine Robins|People submit tooeasily to change from others. And yet, for some reason, wheneverthey consider changing themselves, the focus is always on what theyare giving up, never what they are about to gain
Kelley Armstrong, The Summoning|I let out a laugh that sounded more like the yip of a startled poodle. "Superp-powers? I wish. My powers aren't winning me a slot on the Cartoon Network anytime soon... except as a comic relief. Ghost Whisperer Junior. Or Ghost Screamer, more like it. Tune in, every week, as Chloe Saunders runs screaming from yet another ghost looking for her help."Okay, superpower might be pushing it.
Keke Palmer|The very best hotel I've stayed in is the Intercontinental on Park Lane. We went there for the Chelsea Flower Show a few years ago, and it was sheer luxury. Everybody had a smile on their face. I came home and changed all my pillows because the hotel ones were so beautiful.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|People debate over whether or not there is a literal Hell, in the literal sense often described as fire and eternal torture, which, to many, seems to be too harsh a punishment. If men really want to fear something, they should be fearing separation from God, the supposedly more comforting alternative to a literal Hell. For separation from the authorship of love, mercy, and goodness is the ultimate torture. If you think a literal Hell sounds too bad, you are very much underestimating the pain of being absolutely, wholly separated from the goodness while exposed to the reality of the holiness of God.
James Patterson, The Final Warning|People want us, or want us dead, because of what we are, not who we are. It's hard.~Angel
Ben Aaronovitch, Broken Homes|Your pain and anger will pass, but the guilt would remain with you for always.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|Where humanitysowed faith, hope, and unity, joy’s garden blossomed.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Bolts work on nuts; pens work on paper. But you must work on yourself. Go, get working!
Lauren Groff, Arcadia|Staring out to sea, I finally forced myself to stop thinking of her as someone still somewhere, if only in memory, still obscurely alive, breathing, doing, moving, but as a shovelful of ashes already scattered; as a broken link, a biological dead end, an eternal withdrawal from reality, a once complex object that now dwindled, dwindled, left nothing behind except a l like a fallen speck of soot on a blank sheet of paper.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|We must go on, because we can't turn back.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|The body was an organic machine, period, and God was a figment of its fitful imagination.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Studies in Pessimism: The Essays|If children were brought into the world by an act of pure reason alone, would the human race continue to exist? Would not a man rather have so much sympathy with the coming generation as to spare it the burden of existence, or at any rate not take it upon himself to impose that burden upon it in cold blood?
Robert Graves|He is smitten on the brain, -he reads and writes verses! I caught him in the act! Fools might say he was inspired; but I know it is the first and worst symptom of lunacy. All other maniacs have lucid intervals; some are curable; but the madness of poets, dogs, and musicians, is past hope. Earth possesses no remedy, science no cure.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|Dear to me is sleep: still more, being made of stone,While pain and guilt still linger here below,Blindness and numbness--these please me alone;Then do not wake me, keep your voices low.
Shea Serrano, The Rap Year Book: The Most Important Rap Song From Every Year Since 1979, Discussed, Debated, and Deconstructed|Give your big smile, and bring some good energy wherever you go for a change. The world could always use some of that uplifting energy.﻿
Ashton Kutcher|There is a lot that binds Germany to Turkey, and even if we have a difference of opinion on an individual matter, the breadth of our links, our friendship, our strategic ties, is great.
Tatiana Maslany|Trust your instinct to the end, though you can render no reason.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|If there were such a thing as terminal literalism, you'd have died in childhood.
Coco J. Ginger|He had let me know time after time that he was a thinking man, a man of intellect and wit. Yet one unintended hungry look into my eyes and he betrayed each of his words he had carefully spoken to me. I knew it in that instant. He was a viscerally driven man. And one day, he would possess me.
Mike Addington, The Home Place|But as to your writing me that I don’t love you very much, I don’t know whether you’re saying this in earnest or whether I should realise that you’re joking with me. Still, what you say disturbs me. You are measuring a very healthy expression of a wife’s loyalty by the standard of the insincere flattery of well-worn phrases. But I shall love you, my husband. What does it mean to you that you reassure me with those trivial little compliments? Do you want me to believe that you expect me to comb my hair in a stylish fashion for your homecoming? Or to feign adoring looks with a painted face? Let women without means, who worry and have no confidence in their virtue, flutter their eyelashes and play games to gain favour with their husbands. This is the adulation of a fox and the birdlime of deceitful bird hunting. I don’t want to have to buy you at such a price. I’m not a person who lays more stock in words than duty. I am truly your Laura, whose soul is the same one you in turn had hoped for.
Tatiana de Rosnay, Sarah's Key|Again and again, however we know the landscape of loveand the little churchyard there, with its sorrowing names,and the frighteningly silent abyss into which the othersfall: again and again the two of us walk out togetherunder the ancient trees, lie down again and againamong the flowers, face to face with the sky.
Karen Hines, Drama: Pilot Episode|I believe stories have a will of their own, one that surpasses in volition that of their teller. In realms of Storytelling, stories control their bearers, and eventually, their hearers as well.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Case of Charles Dexter Ward|Have only this consolation--that he was never a fiend or even truly a madman, but only an eager, studious, and curious boy whose love of mystery and of the past was his undoing. He stumbled on things no mortal ought ever to know, and reached back through the years as no one ever should reach; and something came out of those years to engulf him.
ideaswar|Learn from your past and shut the door behind to live in present.Our past is just like a dry rose which was once a rose with all colors of life, with sweet fragrance, with soft petal, with thorns but now it is left with only thorns which could still hurt.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions | Uns|Trust is believing "I will be safe with you". Love is striving to keep the trust.
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|We women are weak," replied Bimala. "So I suppose we must join in the conspiracy of the weak.""Women weak!" I exclaimed with a laugh. "Men belaud you as delicate and fragile, so as to delude you into thinking yourselves weak. But it is you women who are strong. Men make a great outward show of their so-called freedom, but those who know their inner minds are aware of their bondage. They havemanufactured scriptures with their own hands to bind themselves; with their very idealism they have made golden fetters of women to wind round their body and mind. If men had not that extraordinary faculty of entangling themselves in meshes of their own contriving, nothing could have kept them bound. But as foryou women, you have desired to conceive reality with body and soul. You have given birth to reality. You have suckled reality at your breasts.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your thoughts, beliefs, and interpretations filter how you see everything in your world—and here is the clincher—you get to choose!
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Pirates of Bollywood|Pirates of Bollywood, or Bollywood of Pirates? - Tough to say.
Renwei Chung|Galatians 3:11-12...a precious text! A person becomes righteous in the sight of God by faith alone. What conclusion can we draw from this? The law cannot make any person righteous because it has nothing to say about justifying and saving faith. That information is found only in the Gospel. In other words, the law has nothing to say about grace..
Paul Washer|A woman of the world is anxious to exhibit her form and shape, whether walking, standing, sitting, or sleeping. Even when represented as a picture, she desires to captivate with the charms of her beauty and, thus, to rob men of their steadfast heart.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|To The Lilies among Thistles, Just like a lily, a beautiful life does not just happen overnight. It is built daily through informed choices, commitment, faith and prayer. The journey towards becoming A Proverbs 31 Lady cannot therefore be taken lightly. It is a difficult, challenging journey filled with both laughter and tears, but a fulfilling one as you will soon find out. If you commit to becoming this woman just one day at a time, it will change not just your relationships but also your whole life.Consider it as a challenge, from one virtuous woman to the other.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Saint John, in a moment of confusion, tells us not to love the world because "all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life,is not of the Father, but is of the world." This injunction is at best a paradox. Our humble and astonishing inheritance is the world and only the world, whose existence we constantly test (and prove) by telling ourselves stories about it. The suspicion that we and the world are made in the image of something wonderfully and chaotically coherent far beyond our grasp, of which we are also part; the hope that our exploded cosmos and we, its stardust, have an ineffable meaning and method; the delight in retelling the old metaphor of the world as a book we read and in which we too are read; the conceit that what we can know of reality is an imagination made of language — all this finds its material manifestation in that self-portrait we call a library. And our love for it, and our lust to see more of it, and our pride in its accomplishments as we wander through shelves full of books that promise more and more delights, are among our happiest, most moving proofs of possessing, in spite of all the miseries and sorrows of this life, a more intimate, consolatory, perhaps redeeming faith in a method behind the madness than any jealous deity could wish upon us.
Mary Tornyenyor|Even though death is the worst thing to go through, Heaven is still the best place to go to.
Henrik Ibsen, A Doll's House|When I was at home with papa, he told me his opinion about everything, and so I had the same opinions; and if I differed from him I concealed the fact, because he would not have liked it. He called me his doll-child, and he played with me just as I used to play with my dolls.
Thomas Jefferson|Humor, humility, and, of course, honesty, all are qualities that work in public and cultural diplomacy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Never fight for a girl; while pounding each other, someone is already making plans to whisk her away.
Anthony P. Mauro, Sr.|The human race, it seems, is run faster than the speed of life.
Doris Day|In real life, too, women love to be that girl who tames the bad boy.
David Thomson, Bette Davis|Ralph Waldo Emerson once asked what we would do if the stars only came out once every thousand years. No one would sleep that night, of course. The world would create new religions overnight. We would be ecstatic, delirious, made rapturous by the glory of God. Instead, the stars come out every night and we watch television.
Cynthia Hand, Radiant|Delia was an overbearing cake with condescending frosting, and frankly, I was on a diet.
Terrence Howard|I work hard, and I'm thankful people recognize that.
Voltaire|Good fellowship and friendship are lasting, rational and manly pleasures.
Hubert Martin|She was beauty and intelligence stitched together with no seams She lived in a world with no difference between reality and dreams Excellence as habit, she was much more than simple flesh and bone She walked in the way that forced her presence to be known If I viewed the world in melody, she is the only one I would see She could conquer that world in a day and still have time for tea Soft lips curved in confidence spilling sweetness with every breath Ideas remaining and growing even after the revolving dance of death Fingers curled with the power of creation and the ease with which it came She sat upon a throne as a queen playing the world like a simple game She was fire, and laughter, and the warmth both of them brought She made the idea of perfection appear as a simple afterthought Her body danced with the tidal currents of marvelous desire She could reach the sky in a day and then push on even higher She was the best getting better, the absolute antonym of threshold The words she wrote were gilded, laid heavy with amber glow gold She was one of very many, and yet, she was the only one of them all Her taste made my mouth water, her effect hit me harder than alcohol She was quality, and substance, an actual angel in every way real Her word was solid, it was a better guarantee than a devil with a deal She was better than just human, more like power that has taken shape and form And I the lucky one who holds her close, feels her heartbeat quicken like a storm
Lujan Matus, Whisperings of the Dragon; Shamanic techniques to awaken your Primal Power|In shamanism it is not the jaguar or the crow that has meaning, it is what follows from whatever you view as an energetic transfer.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Beauty and Money will get you a relationship , but not love. Listening, caring and being there will get you Love.
Gabriel Cousens M.D., Conscious Parenting: The Holistic Guide to Raising and Nourishing Healthy, Happy Children|Parenting is a gift for adults’ spiritual growth spurts, and it’s a challenge to think of anything else that fills a home with more laughter!
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|The fool will pay anything to live a few more years on earth, but the fool rejects the free gift of everlasting life. Salvation is a wise choice.
Mark Twain|I didn't have time to write a short letter, so I wrote a long one instead.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Nurtured by negative circumstances, braiding raging tornadoes in her hair, she held her head high, wearing her weathered poetry with pride.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|One wants to be understood because one wants to be loved, and one wants to be loved because one loves.
Randa Abdel-Fattah, Does My Head Look Big In This?|But, do you know, once you get used to it's rather cute. I mean, if a girl looks alright to start with, she still looks alright with her head smooth.
A.D. Posey, Coffee Chatter|Some days you live in pajamas, and your hair kind-of has that Albert Einstein look.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Gamperaliya|A woman anticipates danger by instinct, rather than inductive reasoning. Due to this, when faced with danger due to passionate feelings related to their basic needs, women are impelled by reasoning, conditioned by instincts acquired from family traditions and the conventions of her social stratum, much more than men are.
Amitav Ghosh, The Shadow Lines|People like my grandmother, who have no home but in memory, learn to be very skilled in the art of recollection.
Emilia Clarke|I watch political shows for a number of weeks in a row, and all I see are guys arguing with each other over issues I have no idea about. My brother, he loves war-torn places. My dad would always read the paper and tell me I should watch CNN, but I usually wind up watching 'Breaking Bad.'
Will Durant|So the story of man runs in a dreary circle, because he is not yet master of the earth that holds him.
Robert De Niro|In the computer field, the moment of truth is a running program; all else is prophecy.
Kristin Granger|I harken to the call of my heart, embracing the depth that flows liquid ambered and animal soft within my cells.The dark abyss of denial has always been a poor mans trade for the guiding light of emotional wisdom.This crust of mortal skin is baptised with tear streaked holy waters. I rise to my heart with an uncommon courage and wade soul deep.Tissue thin ripples of redemption drift across the pain towards my future self, bathing me in hope. I rise and step closer to all that I AM.
Ayushman Jamwal|Let me not fear defeat or death,Let me not fear being forgotten,Let my defiance sustain my soul,Let it remain with me ever after.Poem: Prayer to the God of Rebellion, in ‘Chameleon Lights
D.S. Mashego|Your assignment is a pre-cursor to someone else’s assignment. In the same breath, someone else’s assignment is a pre-cursor to yours.
Alan Sokal|Each religion makes scores of purportedly factual assertions about everything from the creation of the universe to the afterlife. But on what grounds can believers presume to know that these assertions are true? The reasons they give are various, but the ultimate justification for most religious people’s beliefs is a simple one: we believe what we believe because our holy scriptures say so. But how, then, do we know that our holy scriptures are factually accurate? Because the scriptures themselves say so. Theologians specialize in weaving elaborate webs of verbiage to avoid saying anything quite so bluntly, but this gem of circular reasoning really is the epistemological bottom line on which all 'faith' is grounded. In the words of Pope John Paul II: 'By the authority of his absolute transcendence, God who makes himself known is also the source of the credibility of what he reveals.' It goes without saying that this begs the question of whether the texts at issue really were authored or inspired by God, and on what grounds one knows this. 'Faith' is not in fact a rejection of reason, but simply a lazy acceptance of bad reasons. 'Faith' is the pseudo-justification that some people trot out when they want to make claims without the necessary evidence.But of course we never apply these lax standards of evidence to the claims made in the other fellow’s holy scriptures: when it comes to religions other than one’s own, religious people are as rational as everyone else. Only our own religion, whatever it may be, seems to merit some special dispensation from the general standards of evidence.And here, it seems to me, is the crux of the conflict between religion and science. Not the religious rejection of specific scientific theories (be it heliocentrism in the 17th century or evolutionary biology today); over time most religions do find some way to make peace with well-established science. Rather, the scientific worldview and the religious worldview come into conflict over a far more fundamental question: namely, what constitutes evidence.Science relies on publicly reproducible sense experience (that is, experiments and observations) combined with rational reflection on those empirical observations. Religious people acknowledge the validity of that method, but then claim to be in the possession of additional methods for obtaining reliable knowledge of factual matters — methods that go beyond the mere assessment of empirical evidence — such as intuition, revelation, or the reliance on sacred texts. But the trouble is this: What good reason do we have to believe that such methods work, in the sense of steering us systematically (even if not invariably) towards true beliefs rather than towards false ones? At least in the domains where we have been able to test these methods — astronomy, geology and history, for instance — they have not proven terribly reliable. Why should we expect them to work any better when we apply them to problems that are even more difficult, such as the fundamental nature of the universe?Last but not least, these non-empirical methods suffer from an insuperable logical problem: What should we do when different people’s intuitions or revelations conflict? How can we know which of the many purportedly sacred texts — whose assertions frequently contradict one another — are in fact sacred?
David Nicholls, Us|By contrast, my wife at fifty-two yeas old seems to me just as attractive as the day I first met her. If I were to say this out loud, she would say, 'Douglas, that's just a line. No one prefers wrinkles, no one prefers grey.' To which I'd reply, 'But none of this is a surprise. I've been expecting to watch you grow older ever since we met. Why should it trouble me? It's the face itself that I love, not that face at twenty-eight or thirty-four or fourty-three. It's that face.'Perhaps she would have liked to hear this but I had never got around to saying it out loud. I had always presumed there would be time and now, sitting on the edge of the bed at four a.m., no longer listening out for burglars, it seemed that it might be too late.
Mark Udall|If I was in a situation where it wasn't working and I had a choice with another man, I'm gonna assess it like a business deal: who is the better person for me?
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|I promised I'd save him, take him home! I promised him!" . . . Thomas hugged Chuck to his chest, squeezed him as tightly as possible, as if that could somehow bring him back, or show thanks for saving his life, for being his friend when no one else would.Thomas cried, wept like he'd never wept before. His great, racking sobs echoed through the chamber like the sounds of tortured pain. (pg 358 hardback)
Jon Bon Jovi|Nothing is as important as passion. No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate.
François Maspero, Cat's Grin|A lifetime spent in the study of the history of societies since the dawn of mankind presumably inclined him to skepticism and misgivings in regard to any great scheme, religious or political, that set out to create universal happiness in one fell swoop; what it was more likely to create, in his opinion, was universal misery; and his faith in heaven-sent saviors was hardly greater.
Ashly Lorenzana|It might be depressing, but it's also the truth that no one has the power, the money, or the resources to save everyone on the planet from going hungry, living in poverty or allowed basic human rights. But consider the other side of this: there are people in this world who truly WOULD do all of these things for everyone if only they could. There is hope after all.
Charmaine J. Forde|Life is all energy and it multiplies and spreads. Energy doesn’t have the color of its own, but it waits for you to add, whatever you want to it. Whatever color you choose to give to your energy, it attracts the similar energy into your life.
Carla Perez|You got warlords still running free, but yet you want a stable Liberia. You got puppets as leaders still signing off Liberia's resources to foreigners, but yet you want a developed Liberia. They are threat to a progressive Liberia.
Sunday Adelaja|The qualities of a successful man are tenacity, perseverance, courage and the will to win
John Barth|God, from a beautiful necessity, is Love.
Juhani Pallasmaa|How much more mysterious and inviting is the street of an old town with its altering realms of darkness and light than are the brightly and evenly lit streets of today! The imagination and daydreaming are stimulated by dim light and shadow. In order to think clearly, the sharpness of vision, has to be suppressed, for thoughts travel with an absent-minded and unfocused gaze. Homogeneous bright light paralyses the imagination in the same way that homogenization of space weakens the experience of being, and wipes away the sense of place. The human eye is most perfectly turned for twilight rather than bright daylight.
Greg Anderson|If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires.
Terrence Jameson, The Tithing Conspiracy: Exposing the Lies & False Teachings about Tithing and the Prosperity Gospel|We dress ourselves up in lies,So that the nakedness of truth doesn't come out.
Arti Honrao|Groups are only smart when there is a balance between the information that everyone in the group shares and the information that each of the members of the group holds privately. It's the combination of all those pieces of independent information, some of them right, some of the wrong, that keeps the group wise.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Nostalgia is powerful. It is natural, human to long for the past, particularly when we can remember our histories as better than they were.
Lee Thompson|Funny how "question" contains the word "quest" inside it, as though any small question asked is a journey through briars.
Qandeel Baloch|One time when somebody showed up in a wedding dress, but I never knew if it was a joke, or she was serious. She asked me to marry her. She was serious. It was pretty funny.
Saira Viola, Slide, a Modern Satire on the Excess of Greed|With him big Phil from Notting Hill an old "face" from the sixties a pin up gangster with a "mars bar" weal scraping his left cheek and of course two "wag" slags in tow trussed up like French Poodles with "Bratz babe" stares and Gucci Handbags
Roderick Cave, The History of the Book in 100 Books: The Complete Story, From Egypt to E-Book|Trithemius' concern for conservation was rare, indeed, and is a lesson to modern library managers who discard printed volumes, believing that e-books are the only way of the future.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Whether a man favors crepes and classical or cornbread and country, the complexities of life are all the same.-The Rabbi-
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|That door had a lot to say, people entered and people left but never the same!
Pope Benedict XVI|Christmas cookies can't help but be retro - they are memory first, sugar-flour-egg-redhot-gumdrop-sparkle reality second.
Jonathan Edwards, The Works of Jonathan Edwards|As I railed on and on, I became increasingly energied and excited by my own misery and misanthropy until I reached a kind of orgasm of negativity.'... The Brits don't merely enjoy misery, they get off on it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is never easy for any body.Be kind,tolerant and compassionate..
Jennifer Beckstrand, Kate's Song|Only a woman can carry in her body an eternal being which bears the very image of God. Only she is the recipient of the miracle of life. Only a woman can conceive and nurture this life using her own flesh and blood, and then deliver a living soul into the world. God has bestowed upon her alone a genuine miracle — the creation of life, and the fusing of an eternal soul with mortal flesh. This fact alone establishes the glory of motherhood.Despite the most creative plans of humanist scientists and lawmakers to redefine the sexes, no man will ever conceive and give birth to a child. The fruitful womb is a holy gift given by God to women alone. This is one reason why the office of wife and mother is the highest calling to which a woman can aspire.This is the reason why nations that fear the Lord esteem and protect mothers. They glory in the distinctions between men and women, and attempt to build cultures in which motherhood is honored and protected.
Margarita Engle, Enchanted Air: Two Cultures, Two Wings: A Memoir|Religion, culture, education are all things that sound wonderful in theory. In practice, however, they are not so wonderful.
Carlyle Labuschagne, The Broken Destiny|I had evolved a year too soon, and it nearly broke me
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Janey accuses me of chasing jailbait. She bursts into angry tears, asking if it's because she's getting older. It's true. She's aging more noticeably every day—while I am standing still. I prefer the stillness here. I am tired of Earth. These people. I am tired of being caught in the tangle of their lives.
Richie Norton|College does not equal job security. Entrepreneurship does not equal job security. For heaven's sake, "job security" does not equal job security. So what do you do? Don't be a one-trick pony. Add real value in everything you do. But most of all, study and apply business models. No matter what discipline you come from. Learn how to add value so that value can flow in the form of money to you. That, my friends, is job security. Learn where money comes from and you'll know where to turn when life throws a curve.
Melissa Heisler, From Type A to Type Me: How to Stop "Doing" Life and Start Living It|Without self-awareness, no changes can be made.
Hugh B. Cave|I am convinced that if stories such as these have any lasting value, it is in revealing the kind of work young pulp-writers were doing in those days when rates were low and one had to make a typewriter smoke in order to keep eating.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|You can spend all day trying to think of some universal truth to set down on paper, and some poets try that. Shakespeare knew that it's much easier to string together some words beginning with the same letter.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Our highest contribution is making this world peaceful and happy. That comes when we can radiate peace and harmony from every cell, gene and DNA of our body.
Mavis Gallant, Across the Bridge: Stories|On Marie's eight visit, Raymond met her at the airport with a skinny woman he said was his wife. She had dark-blond hair and one of those unset permanents, all corkscrews. Marie looked at her, and looked away. Raymond explained that he had moved back to Hollywood North. Marie said she didn't care, as long as she had somewhere to lay her head.They left the terminal in silence. Outside, she said, "What's this car? Japanese? Your father liked a Buick.""It belongs to Mimi," he said.Marie got in front, next to Raymond, and the skinny woman climbed in behind. Marie said to Raymond, in French, "You haven't told me her name.""Well, I have, of course. I introduced you. Mimi.""Mimi isn't a name.""It's her's," he said."It can't be. It's always short for something - for Michele. Did you ever hear of a Saint Mimi? She's not a divorced woman, is she? You were married in church?""In a kind of church," he said. "She belongs to a Christian movement."Marie knew what that meant: pagan rites.
Karen Salmansohn|At your absolute best, you still won't be good enough for the wrong person. At your worst, you'll still be worth it to the right person.
Luccini Shurod, The Painter|A vinal shine turns over shades of cerulean and jasper from her expressive lips, revealing a jewel-like surface beneath a light that remains colorfast in a kiss composed of infinite grace. Being in a state of rest, Nadia still makes me the center of attention, dovetailing in an erotic entwinement that impels me to knead her coiling flex. Her resplendent fullness macerated into my bosom now grants me a restful anodyne, enabling the allay of my inner soul.
Jayme K.|Halls are full of strangers, even when you recognize the faces.
Martin McDonagh|As I wrote, I found that Aibileen had some things to say that really weren't in her character. She was older, soft-spoken, and she started showing some attitude.
Mitch Winehouse, Amy, My Daughter|I have seen the sea lashed into fury and tossed into spray, and its grandeur moves the soul of the dullest man; but I remember that it is not the billows, but the calm level of the sea, from which all heights and depths are measured.
William S. Burroughs, Junky|You preach cleanliness,so I try to keep my room clean,but I feel no closer to God, and I guess that’s okaybecause he doesn’t knowwho he’s fucking with anyway.
Debasish Mridha|Love is ageless, boundless, bodiless, boundary-less.
Edwin Way Teale, Circle of the Seasons: The Journal of a Naturalist's Year|What do you want? What do you know about it? What are you talking about? Everything belongs to Him, just as I do. But I, I love Him. I worship Him, I serve Him. Do you think you can oppose Him, poor creatures like you? He's all-powerful. He's above all of you. Everything we have comes from Him. Everything that lives or grows comes from Him.
Nora Roberts, Sweet Revenge|love wasn't the soft, silky words the poets spoke of. Love,with it's twin edges, was the one factor that weakened so many women, that pushed them to compromised their own wants, their own needs for the needs and wants of another.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|Ambulances were cool. “You just want to fondle my extraneous body parts,” I said to the EMT as I picked up a silver gadget that looked disturbingly like an alien orifice probe, broke it, then promptly put it back, hoping it wouldn’t leave someone’s life hanging in the balance because the EMT couldn’t alien-probe his orifices.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|Inside our mind there is hidden place that contains the mind within the mind. There, you will find another version of yourself that may be your true self. We do not find that self by travelling, by searching. We find that self by sitting still, being quiet and looking inside. Ask yourself: who am I? And your true self will answer.
George Gillespie|Quality Workplace: "a place of wor(k)ship is frequently equated as holy as that of worshiping
Balroop Singh, Emotional Truths Of Relationships|Dreams get shattered, hopes are belied, aspirations delude and opportunities elude us. Clouds have the power to conceal the sunshine and our radiance fails to ignite positive thoughts unless we embellish our thoughts and emotions, which can be trained to veer into a positive direction.
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|Once fallen in true love, a person can't really fall out of it, no matter what. How much ever you try to hate your better half, you'll end up falling more instead. Some part of him will always reside in your heart.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Not like a heart, which let people in without permission, held them in a special place she never had any say in and then yearned for them to remain there longer than they planned.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Invest in people, invest in profits|I knew I had a choice. Either let you die and have the world blanketed with evil, or save you and make one dark moment for my best friend while the world continues to grow with light.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Do you keep silent to keep a friendship or do you try to lend your support unconditionally, even if what they are doing goes against everything you believe in? Will it be principles over friendship, morality over love?
Julianne MacLean, Love According to Lily|Maybe he likes the look of Mae," Nick drawled."Don't be ridiculous."Nick raised his eyebrows. "Does he like the look of Jamie?
Marius Vieth|As a photographer you have a deep love for light, life and yourself. You know that the eyes of love aren’t blind, they are wide open. Only when your eye, heart and soul shine brighter than the sun, you realize how ordinary it is to love the beautiful, and how beautiful it is to love the ordinary.
Israelmore Ayivor|Go to church to learn about forgiveness; come back to become a forgiver! Go to church and learn about kindness; come back to become a kind person! If things go like that, you will be a true image of Christ after going to church only 10 times on 10 Sundays!
George Orwell, 1984|To die hating them, that was freedom.
Laraine Herring, Writing Begins with the Breath: Embodying Your Authentic Voice|Writing is both an act of power and surrender. Passion and discovery. It is a tug at your soul that continues to pull you forward, even as you go kicking and screaming.” (p.18)
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Every generation has found [the Bible’s] message indispensable, and its influence on individuals and society over the centuries has been enormous.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|Depends on whether you talk to the Montgomery sisters," he said to Lindsey.	Holly chuckled lightly. "Now, that's a whole other old TV show mash-up right there. Hmm...I'd say 'Charmed' meets 'The Golden Girls'."	"With a little 'Bewitched' thrown in for fun." Carden pressed his index finger to the tip of his nose and twitched it back and forth, somehow making himself seem more irresistible.
Gordon Andrews, Curran|You are an honest and honorable man, Lord Eddard. Ofttimes I forget that. I have met so few of them in my life.” He glanced around the cell. “When I see what honesty and honor have won you, I understand why.
Max Scheler|It is precisely because the principle of the transcendence of the object is completely independent of the existential status of the objects themselves and, thus, independent of the question whether they are produced by us or subsist on their own―whether they are fictions or real beings―that the fact of the consciousness of transcendence is not even remotely qualified to solve the problem of reality. This has been misunderstood equally by W. Freytag, Edith Landmann, P. Linke, and even by Husserl himself. Indeed, people have wanted to speak of an intentional realism (E. Landmann) in contrast to Critical Realism and to all other forms of realism. N. Hartmann was quite correct in emphasizing, in opposition to this, that the projection [*Hinausragen*] of the intentional object beyond the content of consciousness and its act cannot make the least contribution to solving the problem of realism. If something is an intentional object, we cannot recognize from this fact alone, whether it is real or not. If the perceived cherry, the conceived triangle, a friend’s visit anticipated in a dream, Little Red Riding Hood, a freely planned project, or a felt value, have entirely different characteristics and predicates than do the mental processes and the actual contents in which these objects appear, then the distinction between intentional and mental holds equally of both the real and the irreal. *Thus, the problem of what is real is not touched by the fact of the transcendence of the object*, and *percipi est esse*, in Berkeley’s psychologistic sense, is laid to rest. This also frustrates attempts, such as Hume’s in his *Treatise*, to derive being-an-object in general―an object as distinguished from an idea―from a psychogenetic process in which the very ideas through which this psychogenetic process is supposed to be accomplished are themselves reified [*verdinglicht*]."―from_Idealism and Realism_
Roberto Bolaño, Between Parentheses: Essays, Articles, and Speeches, 1998-2003|I've had cancer twice and if I had to pick one fate for you, cancer or fertility problems-I'd pick cancer.
Machado de Assis|he best thing to do is to loosen my grip on my pen and let it go wandering about until it finds an entrance. There must be one – everything depends on the circumstances, a rule applicable as much to literary style as to life. Each word tugs another one along, one idea another, and that is how books, governments and revolutions are made – some even say that is how Nature created her species.
Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters|We were never organized readers who would see a book through to its end in any sory of logical order. We weave in and out of words like tourists on a hop-on, hop-off bus tour. Put a book down in the kitchen to go to the bathroom and you might return to find it gone, replaced by another of equal interest. We are indiscriminate.
Bernard Hart|Dissociation of the mind into logic-tight compartments is by no means confined to the population of the asylum. It is a common, and perhaps inevitable, occurrence in the psychology of every human being. Our political convictions are notoriously inaccessible to argument, and we preserve the traditional beliefs of our childhood in spite of the contradictory facts constantly presented by our experience.
Shawn Marsham|What ever you say or do, are reflections of what is in your heart.
Anne Bishop|Listen carefully, I’m going to say three words.”“I love you?
Margaret Atwood, The Penelopiad|Children were vehicles for passing things along. These things could be kingdoms, rich wedding gifts, stories, grudges, blood feuds. Through children, alliances were forged; through children, wrongs were avenged. To have a child was to set loose a force in the world.
Harry Kalmer, 'n Duisend stories oor Johannesburg: 'n stadsroman|I threatened to gouge one of his eyes out." Cathy
Prentice Mulford, Thoughts Are Things|I think we’re already dead, dude. Not everyone, just Deckers. The whole Death-Cast thing seems too fantasy to be true. Knowing when our last day is going down so we can live it right? Straight-up fantasy. The first afterlife kicks off when Death-Cast tells us to live out our day knowing it’s our last; that way we’ll take full advantage of it, thinking we’re still alive. Then we enter the next and final afterlife without any regrets
Sue Grafton|Thinking is hard work, which is why you don't see many people doing it.
Kat Von D., Go Big or Go Home: Taking Risks in Life, Love, and Tattooing|Where you come from, what you look like, and what your past holds do not define you as an individual--you are what you make yourself to be.
Eudora Welty, Delta Wedding|Most people miss their whole lives, you know. Listen, life isn't when you are standing on top of a mountain looking at a sunset. Life isn't waiting at the alter or the moment your child is born or that time you were swimming in a deep water and a dolphin came up alongside you. These are fragments. 10 or 12 grains of sand spread throughout your entire existence. These are not life. Life is brushing your teeth or making a sandwich or watching the news or waiting for the bus. Or walking. Every day, thousands of tiny events happen and if you're not watching, if you're not careful, if you don't capture them and make them COUNT, your could miss it. You could miss your whole life.
Marilynne Robinson|Only when you explore the ecstasy of simply being, where even to breathe is a distraction, can you call yourself complete.
Regina Griffin|Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.
Walt Disney|God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.
David Suzuki|We know that segregation is evil. We know that the sickest children should not go to the worst hospitals. No, I refuse to pretend the problem is insufficient knowledge. We lack the theological will to do it.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Africa was full of people in need of help and there had to be a limit. You simply could not help everybody; but you could at least help those who came into your life. That principle allowed you to deal with the suffering you saw. That was your suffering. Other people would have to deal with the suffering that they, in their turn, came across.
Nancy S.  Mure|The Universe is a continuous web. Touch it at any point and the whole web quivers."Stanley Kunitz
Victoria Sawyer, Angst|Writing a complete novel is time consuming, frustrating, nerve wrecking, and most of the time your work is under valued, under appreciated, and taken for granted. So why do authors do it? Because not writing at all, feels far worse.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|The picture waits for my verdict; it is not to command me, but I am to settle its claim to praise.
Charles Dickens|When people fall in love, they are apt to go a little mad.
Jane Harvey-Berrick, The Education of Caroline|The sweetest thing I've ever known was like the kiss on the collarbone, the soft caress of happiness, the way you walk, your style of dress, I wish I didn't get so weak, oh baby just to hear you speak, makes me argue just to see how much your in love with me
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|A person who offers a loose handshake, on the other hand (pun intended), may be interpreted as being uninterested, lacking confidence and self-esteem, weak, or being wishy-washy. Whether too strong or too weak, a bad handshake can set you back and close down a potentially rewarding relationship before it ever gets started.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t make the mistake of thinking that because God is love everything is going to be sweet, beautiful, and happy and that no one will be punished for his sins . . . God’s love provided the cross of Jesus, by which we can have forgiveness and cleansing.
Jojo Moyes, After You|I felt the mood shift. And, for no reason at all other than that he didn’t expect it, I climbed fully clothed into the bath and kissed him as he laughed and spluttered. I was suddenly glad of his solidity in a world where it was so easy to fall.
Paul Guildea, The Pebble|I believe in the inevitability of miracles. I believe it because I've come in contact with this reality many times. When childlike faith is combined with love and an unfailingly positive attitude, miracles are inevitable.
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not know you have intrinsic value because of who you are and who you are meant to be, you will feel uncomfortable when you are not looking your best(in other’s eyes) or if you are not wearing the latest fashion trend
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|Are you both drunk?” I headed up the ladder and propped myself on a swing with no problem. “Correction, dear brother.” Hex held one finger in the air. “We’re exquisitely tipsy. There’s a difference. Drunkenness is done at a shady bar, in ugly clothing, surrounded by the mundane. While exquisite tipsiness is performed in an art setting among geniuses.”“Thanks so much for the distinction.” I rolled my eyes.
Swami Vivekananda|Worship isn't just a concept or idea--it is a real encounter at appointed times with the one true God in Christ through the Holy Spirit. If all the ideas about worship today can't be ran slated into real plans for dialoguing with God, what good are they?
Israelmore Ayivor|It is wonderful, awesome and merrywise to see satan lose the battle to us in fear and panic and shame! Our victory is in Christ Jesus!
Finn Butler|Happy is the man who enjoy warmth of the sun and refresh in the breeze, who is secure within and say I have lived to-day.
Sarah Vowell, The Partly Cloudy Patriot|Therefore, when a person refuses to come to Christ it is never just because of a lack of evidence or because of intellectual difficulties: at root, he refuses to come because he willingly ignores and rejects the drawing of God's Spirit on his heart. No one in the final analysis fails to become a Christian because of a lack of arguments; he fails to become a Christian because he loves darkness rather than light and wants nothing to do with god.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|A good relationship has a pattern like a dance and is built on some of the same rules. The partnersdo not need to hold on tightly, because they move confidently in the same pattern, intricate but gayand swift and free, like a country dance of Mozart’s. To touch heavily would be to arrest the patternand freeze the movement, to check the endlessly changing beauty of its unfolding. There is no placehere for the possessive clutch, the clinging arm, the heavy hand; only the barest touch in passing. Nowarm in arm, now face to face, now back to back—it does not matter which. Because they know theyare partners moving to the same rhythm, creating a pattern together, and being invisibly nourished byit.
Brooke Holmes, The Symptom and the Subject: The Emergence of the Physical Body in Ancient Greece|Xenophon tells us that Socrates never neglected the body and did not praise those who did. We can imagine that it was because the physical body—volatile, unseen, and implicated in an automatized natural world—could seem so daemonic that entrusting life, both biological life and ethical life, to its dynamics could seem like ceding control of the human.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|One of the best gifts you can give to someone, is a wider perspective. It's also one of the best gifts you can receive. So if you have given someone a wider perspective, don't feel bad about it (about taking their blindfolds off and having to watch them cringe in the newfound sunlight); I know it's hard, but you're doing them a lasting favor. And a wider perspective can be difficult for you yourself to accept, in the beginning (during the time that you squint while the sunlight stings your own eyes), but later you'll find yourself coming back to it, even if you abandoned it as something worthless; you'll look for it, one day. Or it will grow on you. Perspective.
G.K. Chesterton|One of the most unique aspects among many about the USA is that our transitions of 'power' have almost always been peaceful. This is very unique in all of history and in the world today".
Brian James, Life is But a Dream|Because there’s nothing wrong with me,” Alec says. “You know what is? Our society is so screwed up from top to bottom, everything about it, that it’s become impossible to fix. It’s easier to change people and make them fit into something that’s broken. Know what I mean?
Edward Albee|In my mind, Martha, you are buried in cement right up to your neck. No… right up to your nose… that’s much quieter.
Peter Singer, Animal Liberation|To protest about bullfighting in Spain, the eating of dogs in South Korea, or the slaughter of baby seals in Canada while continuing to eat eggs from hens who have spent their lives crammed into cages, or veal from calves who have been deprived of their mothers, their proper diet, and the freedom to lie down with their legs extended, is like denouncing apartheid in South Africa while asking your neighbors not to sell their houses to blacks.
Chris Marvel, Love Laws "Rules of Love and Relationship in the 21st Century|Commit to a partner who sparks you physically, but also makes you lust for them mentally
Cyril Connolly, Enemies of Promise|As repressed sadists are supposed to become policemen or butchers, so those with an irrational fear of life become publishers.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The moneyprice of any commodity in any place, under the assumption of completely unrestricted exchange and disregarding the differences arising from the time taken in transit, must be the same as the price at any other place, augmented or diminished by the money-cost of transport.
William Penn|Consider this point. It is a main point of true wisdom. Whenever there is an execution of purpose, there must be an agent.
Jennifer Weiner|Tell the story that's been growing in your heart, the characters you can't keep out of your head, the tale story that speaks to you, that pops into your head during your daily commute, that wakes you up in the morning.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Trusting no man as his friend, he could not recognize his enemy when the latter actually appeared.
Michael Mandelbaum|In 'The King's Speech,' patriotism is utterly contained within a historical moment, the third of September, 1939, where the aggressor is clear, the fight is clear, it hasn't become complicated over time.
Christiaan Huygens, Cosmotheoros: or, conjectures concerning the inhabitants of the planets|We depend on this planet to eat, drink, breathe, and live. Figuring out how to keep our life support system running needs to be our number-one priority. Nothing is more important than finding a way to live together - justly, respectfully, sustainably, joyfully - on the only planet we can call home.
Suzanne Enoch, The Rake|Do you have nicknames for any of your other brothers?"The youngster squinted his dark gray eyes in concentration. "Well, Tristan is Dare, and sometimes he's Tris; and Bradshaw is Shaw; and sometimes we call Andrew, Drew, but he doesn't like that very much.""Why not?""He says it's a girls' name, and then Shaw calls him Drusilla.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|Look, my son, she is so beautiful, she has fair skin and green eyes and brown hair.''She's English?' I asked cheekily, holding the cheap photo print with trepidation. Which unfortunate victim had they found for me to marry in what backwater, unbeknownst that my heart was not for trading? Honour would quote Shakespeare to make a point; for me, it was always Rumi.'La hawla wala kuwwat... May God protect us from such misfortune... you think I have lost my senses that I would marry you to a white girl?' My mum used the word gori as an insult and yet when she talked about Billo she said 'Look how gori she is.'Oh, Mum, the irony.'Well, you seem pretty obsessed with green eyes and skin colour,' I mumbled.'She is gorgeous.' Mum went on ignoring me. 'Think how beautiful your children, my grandchildren, will be? They will have cats' eyes, just like Billo.'Honour has fair skin and green eyes too, and just think how beautiful your grandchildren will be if they're mixed race, I thought.I didn't say that to my mum, obviously.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|It was the best start of the day. A day started with a rejection. Maybe, by the end of the day, I would spend the majority of my vitality making the thing occur all alone.Maybe, tonight would be distinctive.
Luciano Pavarotti|Music is my main goal, but I'm not going to rush a record out. There are so many actors who have come out with albums these days. I don't want to do it because it's the thing to do. I want to wait until the time is right.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The peculiarity of sunrise is to make us laugh at all our terrors of the night, and our laugh is always proportioned to the fear we have had.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Happiness and self-confidence can be the by-products of other things, but they cannot really be goals unto themselves.
J.S.B. Morse, Gods of Ruin: A Political Thriller|No one can take away your Natural Rights, but they can do great damage making you think they can.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|As soon as he had her safe again in his arms he broke down and kissed her. Helen was so stunned she stopped crying before she had a chance to start and nearly fell out of the sky. Still thebetter flyer, Lucas caught her and supported her as they tumbled on the wind, holding and kissing each other as he tumbled on the wind, holding and kissing each other as he guided them safely back down to the catwalk. As their feet touched down, the light inside the lighthouse switched onand projected the shadows of their embracing figures out onto the choppy waves of the ocean.“I can’t lose you,” Lucas said, pulling his mouth away from hers. “That’s why I didn’t tell you the whole truth. I thought if you knew how bad it was you’d send me away. I didn’t want you to give up hope. I can’t do this if you give up on us.”(Starcrossed)
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Let us remember we are all part of one American family. We are united in common values, and that includes belief in equality under the law, basic respect for public order, and the right of peaceful protest.
Norman Lear|And I'd say one of the great lessons I've learned over the past couple of decades, from a management perspective, is that really when you come down to it, it really is all about people and all about leadership.
Mustafa Akyol|I want a happy marriage and whatever it takes to achieve that. But I think the main prerequisite would have to be respect. He would have to respect me and vice-versa. And, that would be more important than being in love. I think respect really goes a long way. And he would have to keep me happy. And he'd have to be very, very, secure.
Tracy March, Just Say Maybe|You busy?" she asked.	He gave her a crooked grin, "Right now I'd say I'm completely engaged."	She smiled demurely. "But I want to take you to my secret place."	Bryce loosened his grip on her, giving her a full view of the quizzical, playful look on his face. "Is that a come-on? Because I'm way past ready to go to your secret place.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Grounded by healthy self-esteem and personal self-worth, this admirable character quality can inspire awe and reverence.
Leland Stanford|When you're six years old, the word 'poo' is the funniest word on God's earth, but this insults my intelligence.
Suzannah Daniels, Vampire's Bane|Alicia's sweet friend, Cassie, who never thought of anyone as being a stranger, rushed up to Halloran and kneed him in the groin. The big bad dragon shifter cried out, clutched his crotch, and fell to his knees. Cassie grabbed Alicia's arm and ran with her toward the back of the keep. Alicia glanced over her shoulder and couldn't believe her human friend had dropped the dragon fae.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|If there is anything like a unifying aesthetic principle in mathematics, it is this: simple is beautiful. Mathematicians enjoy thinking about the simplest possible things, and the simplest possible things are imaginary.
Taufik Hidayat|If we don't hope, if we don't stay positive - at least about love, or finding love - then the rest of life becomes really just painful to think about, because for the most part, you know, day-to-day stuff is monotonous.
Tasha Stanton|A common misconception is that some people are only in pain because they are weak, anxious, depressed, or do not deal well with stress. This is not correct.Every experience you have — touch, warmth, itch, pain — is created by the brain and thus is all in your head, but it does not mean they are not real.Things like fear, anxiety, or depression can increase pain levels and can increase the chance of persistent pain. But often, these feelings only develop after a person already has chronic pain.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It feels great, to work for what you want.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|... I slipped our wicker bed and walked the sands where we were also roughly repeated: some young couple, "you did," "I didn't," "you sure the fuck did" – they huggedthat bicker to their chests like blankets fighting cold.
Patrick Chappatte|I want people to have a good impression of Israel. I don't feel like I'm an ambassador for my country, but I do talk about Israel a lot - I enjoy telling people about where I come from and my religion.
Sojourner Truth|The message is that I was reminding myself and informing others of the fact that God has always been good to me. No matter what you're going through, God is always with us. Life is a journey.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The Chinese art world does not exist. In a society that restricts individual freedoms and violates human rights, anything that calls itself creative or independent is a pretence. It is impossible for a totalitarian society to create anything with passion and imagination.
Jyoti Arora, Dream's Sake|Know this for sure: When you get the chance, go for it.
Robin Sacredfire|I love to share my problems with friends. They think I'm revealing my personal life, but I'm actually revealing theirs. What a person does with what you give reveals the real character of such person, and you can envision and predict a whole set of interactions through their life and based on such reactions. You can even predict how long their marriage will last, or what they will do when you need them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wind is the sacred music of the leaves; wherever and whenever the wind blows, over there leaves start their holy dancing frantically!
Mahatma Gandhi|I think so many people tend to think of faith as blind adherence to a dogma or unquestioned surrender to an authority figure, and the result is losing self-respect and losing our own sense of what is true. And I don't think of faith in those terms at all.
Robert Mankoff|I try to write stories that are thrilling and full of mystery and funny all at the same time, stories that raise moral questions but come up with very few moral answers, stories that emotionally touch readers through the characters.
John  Daniel, The Philosophy Of Ancient Britain|The economic base of a nation, is the foundation of the it's secrets.
Oprah Winfrey|If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesn't want you, nothing can make him stay.
Angie karan|I've been thinking", Jules saidNever a good thing I thought
John Assaraf, The Answer: Grow Any Business, Achieve Financial Freedom, and Live an Extraordinary Life|Beliefs are not some special category of idea sitting at a higher station of truth than our ordinary, everyday mortal thoughts. Beliefs are not neccesarily "the truth" at all. (Remember, there was a time everyone believed the earth was flat)
Jerry Della Femina|I tend to be pessimistic about everything: If things seem to be going good, I'm worried that it's going to end; if things are bad, then I'm worried that it's going to be permanent. It's not a very comfortable attitude to have all the time.
Voltaire|Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself.
Amin Maalouf|Home was not the place where you were born but the place you created yourself, where you did not need to explain, where you finally became what you were.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|It seems to me that wherever religion and politics mix in one body, fascist values - and not 'family values' - rear their ugly head.
Francis Brett Young, Cold Harbour|All primitive people are frightened of owls,' said Harley. 'The villagers here are scared to death of the gufo. Birds of ill omen. If they see one, they think they'll die. But they never do. See one, I mean, of course,' he added with a laugh.
Martin Amis|Families can be the most detrimental things to have in your life. They are sometimes the most poisonous relationships that people have. Sometimes family is the thing that keeps you from ever achieving what you want to achieve, and yet people hold it and hold it and grab it and try to fix it and twist it and turn it.
Natalie Imbruglia|I often feel like I have this spirit living inside of me, always dressing in like short mini skirts... but then I start to discover myself. So there are eight spirits, mischievous ones, sad ones, handsome ones, wise ones, and crazy ones.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Get in the Game“As soon as you say something can’t be done, you will be passed by a person who is already doing it.” – Unknown“Do you typically observe the game of life from the sidelines, sit in the penalty box, play your heart out on the field, or show up when the opportunity has already passed by and ask, “What happened?”Your answer to this question will reveal a lot about your initiative. Granted, various situations call for diverse levels of interest and engagement. However, if you want to rock your relationship results, it is going to require action, effort, initiative, and choosing to get in the game.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Should we put out the light? And then put out the light. But once put out thy light, I cannot give it vital breath again. It needs must wither.
Alberto Savinio|Mr. Codro's destiny is Ptolemaic; in other words, based on fiction. Ptolemaic says it all; it means above all fixed and unchanging, that is to say different from real life which is by nature changing and temporary. It means: not according to natural truth, but according to man's desire and the pretense inspired by his fear of dying and his desire for permanence.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Shadows in the Silence|My brother," Will growled. "And your friend. You'd better not treat him the way you treat me.
Susan Wiggs, Summer by the Sea|She knew with painful certainty that the opposite of love was not hate, but indifference.
David W. Earle|The more severe the dysfunction you experienced growing up, the more difficult boundaries are for you.
Gloria Reuben|That's why I began doing makeup in the first place: I was hoping that through helping people see the beauty in themselves, I could try and find it in me.
Monica Murphy|I have a fabulous idea.Oh, I don't like this. Last time you had a fabulous idea I wore a cast for six weeks. I still can't straighten my arm completely.That was years ago. This one will work. Do you have any exceptionally handsome men friends, willing to be my fiancé?
