Jonas Salk|I look upon ourselves as partners in all of this, and that each of us contributes and does what he can do best. And so I see not a top rung and a bottom rung - I see all this horizontally - and I see this as part of a matrix. And I see every human being as having a purpose, a destiny, if you like - the destiny that exists in each of us - and find ways and means to provide such opportunities for everyone.
Candice Bergen|No one knew me until I met my wife Lulu. Lulu's mother used to ask, Which one is Maurice? For six months she thought Lulu was dating Barry.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You can’t perform well in what you don’t love to do well. You can lead in what you can’t perform well. To lead well, be sure where you are, is where you supposed to be!
Francis S. Collins, The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief|As the leader of the international Human Genome Project, which had labored mightily over more than a decade to reveal this DNA sequence, I stood beside President Bill Clinton in the East Room of the White House... Clinton's speech began by comparing this human sequence map to the map that Meriwether Lewis had unfolded in front of President Thomas Jefferson in that very room nearly two hundred years earlier. Clinton said, "Without a doubt, this is the most important, most wondrous map ever produced by humankind." But the part of his speech that most attracted public attention jumped from the scientific perspective to the spiritual. "Today," he said, "we are learning the language in which God created life. We are gaining ever more awe for the complexity, the beauty, and the wonder of God's most divine and sacred gift."Was I, a rigorously trained scientist, taken aback at such a blatantly religious reference by the leader of the free world at a moment such as this? Was I tempted to scowl or look at the floor in embarrassment? No, not at all. In fact I had worked closely with the president's speechwriter in the frantic days just prior to this announcement, and had strongly endorsed the inclusion of this paragraph.When it came time for me to add a few words of my own, I echoed this sentiment: "It's a happy day for the world. It is humbling for me, and awe-inspiring, to realize that we have caught the first glimpse of our own instruction book, previously known only to God."What was going on here? Why would a president and a scientist, charged with announcing a milestone in biology and medicine, feel compelled to invoke a connection with God? Aren't the scientific and spiritual worldviews antithetical, or shouldn't they at least avoid appearing in the East Room together? What were the reasons for invoking God in these two speeches? Was this poetry? Hypocrisy? A cynical attempt to curry favor from believers, or to disarm those who might criticize this study of the human genome as reducing humankind to machinery? No. Not for me. Quite the contrary, for me the experience of sequencing the human genome, and uncovering this most remarkable of all texts, was both a stunning scientific achievement and an occasion of worship.
Mensah Oteh|Gratitude is arriving at the point where your expectations, accumulation and anticipations make way for appreciation, reflection and celebration.
Augustine of Hippo|Weariness, which seeketh to get to the ultimate with one leap, with a death-leap; a poor ignorant weariness, unwilling even to will any longer: that created all Gods and backworlds.
Sandra Bullock|A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy dare live.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I shall ne'er chase rainbows again, Knowing no pot o' gold awaits at the end. My Irish treasure is not there. For ye, my love, abide with me here.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|Om is the presence which steals away. It steals away the ordinary mundane existence of strife, struggle and duality; it steals away anxiety, aggression, fear, grief and sorrow; it steals away the debris of anger, hatred, confusion and ignorance, to fill us with the nectar of joy, immortality and life eternal.
Brian Bianco, Dressed for a Kill|If you don't know where you're going, any road will take you there".
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Children playing while in the background the TV blares with screams, gunfire and rape-murder scenes. It seeps in.
Leo Tolstoy, The First Step: An Essay on the Morals of Diet, to Which Are Added Two Stories|Morals are like social classes, there are poor and rich people.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is not important what happens where; Where we fall or rise, What we conquer or lose, How big or small we are.
Nikki Rowe|My love, my love, is a flame in the dark covered in glass. So glowingly beautiful to others on the outside, while slowly suffocating inside.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Innovation needs preparation, collaboration and the light of the soul. Every challenge provides that light - a greater depth of understanding about life and truth.
Yoshiki Tanaka, 銀河英雄伝説 2 野望篇 [Ginga eiyū densetsu 2]|Maybe Trünicht was to society what a cancer cell could be to the body—consuming the healthy cells’ nutrition so that it alone would multiply, grow stronger and bigger, and at last kill its host. Trünicht would agitate for war one day, insist on democracy the next, and steadily increase his power and influence while never taking responsibility for anything he said. Therefore, the stronger he got, the weaker society would become, until he would finally consume it.
Jill Shalvis, Nobody But You|Baby girl, you destroy me," he whispered against her lips. "You have to tell me if you don't want this because I'm holding on by a thread."	"Then let go," she whispered in reply.
Bashō Matsuo, Japanese Haiku|Why so scrawny, cat?Starving for fat fish or mice...Or backyard love?
Riana Ambarsari|Turn that worthless lawn into a beautiful garden of food whose seeds are stories sown, whose foods are living origins. Grow a garden on the flat roof of your apartment building, raise bees on the roof of your garage, grow onions in the iris bed, plant fruit and nut trees that bear, don't plant 'ornamentals', and for God's sake don't complain about the ripe fruit staining your carpet and your driveway; rip out the carpet, trade food to someone who raises sheep for wool, learn to weave carpets that can be washed, tear out your driveway, plant the nine kinds of sacred berries of your ancestors, raise chickens and feed them from your garden, use your fruit in the grandest of ways, grow grapevines, make dolmas, wine, invite your fascist neighbors over to feast, get to know their ancestral grief that made them prefer a narrow mind, start gardening together, turn both your griefs into food; instead of converting them, convert their garage into a wine, root, honey, and cheese cellar--who knows, peace might break out, but if not you still have all that beautiful food to feed the rest and the sense of humor the Holy gave you to know you're not worthless because you can feed both the people and the Holy with your two little able fists.
Chris Bohjalian, Skeletons at the Feast|She didn't care so much whether the world would ever forgive her people; but she did hope that someday, somehow, she would be able to forgive herself.
Kristaps Porzingis|I think I have some ideas on coaching, but listen, coaches work harder than players. The hours they put in, the headaches that they have. That's the one thing I've never liked about coaching. They have all the emotion, passion and preparation without actually getting to be able to dictate what happens.
Bob Flaherty, Puff|Do you ever wonder whether people would like you more or less if they could see inside you? I mean, I’ve always felt like the Katherines dump me right when they start to see what I look like from the inside—well, except K-19. But I always wonder about that. If people could see me the way I see myself—if they could live in my memories—would anyone, anyone, love me?
Iain Banks, Consider Phlebas|Don't you have a religion?" Dorolow asked Horza."Yes," he replied, not taking his eyes away from the screen on the wall above the end of the main mess-room table. "My survival.""So... your religion dies with you. How sad," Dorolow said, looking back from Horza to the screen. The Changer let the remark pass.
Rafael Sabatini, The Life of Cesare Borgia|Life is an ephemeral business, and we waste too much of it in judging where it would beseem us better to accept, that we ourselves may come to be accepted by such future ages as may pursue the study of us.
Charles Portis|Obama will win. We will win. Then we will continue to lose. And the right questions will never be honestly asked or answered, and it's all just too much.
John Yoo|The hierarchy of relations, from the molecular structure of carbon to the equilibrium of the species and ecological whole, will perhaps be the leading idea of the future.
Ashley Montagu|The family is the basis of society. As the family is, so is the society, and it is human beings who make a family-not the quantity of them, but the quality of them.
Rosemary Sutcliff, Blue Remembered Hills: A Recollection|There is an art to medicine as well as science, and that warmth, sympathy, and understanding may outweigh the surgeon’s knife
Tennessee Williams, Where I Live: Selected Essays|The eastern sky was red as coals in a forge, lighting up the flats along the river. Dew had wet the million needles of the chaparral, and when the rim of the sun edged over the horizon the chaparral seemed to be spotted with diamonds. A bush in the backyard was filled with little rainbows as the sun touched the dew.It was tribute enough to sunup that it could make even chaparral bushes look beautiful, Augustus thought, and he watched the process happily, knowing it would only last a few minutes. The sun spread reddish-gold light through the shining bushes, among which a few goats wandered, bleating. Even when the sun rose above the low bluffs to the south, a layer of light lingered for a bit at the level of the chaparral, as if independent of its source. The the sun lifted clear, like an immense coin. The dew quickly died, and the light that filled the bushes like red dirt dispersed, leaving clear, slightly bluish air.It was good reading light by then, so Augustus applied himself for a few minutes to the Prophets. He was not overly religious, but he did consider himself a fair prophet and liked to study the styles of his predecessors. They were mostly too long-winded, in his view, and he made no effort to read them verse for verse—he just had a look here and there, while the biscuits were browning.
Sara Sheridan, British Bulldog|The good thing about the aristocracy – German or English – was that they were easily traced, Mirabelle thought.
Alice Munro, Lives of Girls and Women|I’ve spoken to Sid,” she admits. “He says he’s never seen Charlie so bad. He won’t eat, he’s lost weight and he looks terrible. Sid says it’s the first time he’s ever been so bored by him that he’s considered smothering him.
Edward Sapir|In regard to music, I just think that it's always best to have an attitude of being a perpetual student and always look to learn something new about music, because there's always something new to learn.
Wayne Dyer|With its imagination and large sales, Apple has become the world's most valuable IT company. However people are starting to have doubts regarding Apple's silence on heavy metal pollution problems.
Yayoi Kusama|The supreme need of the world is peace and good will among men. It must be peace founded upon justice and fairness, the righting of past wrong, and the securing of the future as far as possible against the evils of the past.
Tom Hiddleston|I've been doing Pride and Prejudice all summer, so suddenly the chance to be holed up with a bunch of marines is quite attractive, and probably a necessary dose of male energy.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|here was the secret of happiness, about which philosophers had disputed for so many ages, at once discovered; happiness might now be bought for a penny, and carried in the waistcoat-pocket; portable ecstasies might be had corked up in a pint-bottle; and peace of mind could be sent down by the mail.
T.D. Jakes|Faith is your anchor and sustainer in the new season. Faith that the one who called us is faithful. Faith helps you see in the dark. And when you feel like you can't see, Faith steadies your heart to trust what you know. What is true.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|Martin Luther arrived at his earthshaking conclusions imbued with biblical exposition. As a professor, he taught the book of Psalms verse by verse from 1513 to 1515, Romans from 1515 to 1516, Galatians from 1516 until 1517, the book of Hebrews from 1517 to 1518 and then the Psalms again from 1519 until 1521.
Álvaro de Campos|But what you’re calling poetry is what everything is. It’s not even poetry — it’s seeing. These materialists are blind. You told me they say space is infinite. Where do they see that in space?”And I, disconcerted: “But don’t you think of space as infinite? Can’t you conceive of space as infinite?”“I don’t conceive of anything as being infinite. How could I conceive of anything as being infinite?”“But, man,” I said, “Imagine space. Beyond that space is more space, and beyond that more, and then more, and more... It never ends...““Why?” asked my master Caeiro.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Dozens of days, experiences, and encounters have set me on a path I never dreamed possible.
Pippa Middleton|One industrial age belief is that GDP or GNP is a measure of progress. I don't care if you're the President of China or the U.S., if your country doesn't grow, you're in trouble. But we all know that beyond a certain level of material need, further material acquisition doesn't make people happier.
Keith O'Brien|Writing and singing does give me some kind of release from the demons of my past, it is a therapy of sorts, but to be honest, my marriage played a more important role in the acceptance of myself than performance has ever done.
Jeffrey Fry|The mind is the master of the soul, and the soul is the master of your universe. Learn to master your mind.
William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying|People to whom sin is just a matter of words, to them salvation is just words too.
James Gunn|Thor is magical, yes, but it is the magic of reality. His hammer was crafted 'in the heart of a dying star,' but so were you! Most of the atoms that make you up are in fact the innards of a ball of gas in space that got so heavy that it exploded. Stars died so that you could live, as physicist Lawrence Krauss would say.
China Miéville, This Census-Taker|Lower those sable eyes regarding me,Lower them, my jewel; they are flogging me. (Report to Greco)
Charlotte Dujardin|I have this weird obsession with kids and old people falling. Like, funny falls. It is awful, but it's the thing that makes me laugh the most.
Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times|For the Buddha of the Pali Canon, the goal is liberation: the cessation of suffering, the end of the endless hamster-wheel of dependent origination, of mental formations leading to desire leading to clinging leading to suffering and so on. Nibbana, or nirvana, was not originally conceived as some magical heavenly world, or even a permanent altered state of consciousness. It is usually described, in the early texts, negatively: as a candle being snuffed out.
Fulton J. Sheen|The principle of democracy is a recognition of the sovereign, inalienable rights of man as a gift from God, the Source of law.
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|How would your life be different if...You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day...You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!
Hank Quense, Zaftan Entrepreneurs|What if, I never tire of asking, we said 'Secret Council' instead of the archaic and therefore cuddly 'Privy Council'?
Courtney Summers, This is Not a Test|I want to believe that memories, even sad and painful ones, should not be forgotten forever.
Shannon L. Alder|Dignity is never silent. It has a voice, heart and soul. Truth and courage is its foundation. It will stand against the masses and speak the truth. Because every great person has always done what others found fear in doing.
Colin Powell|The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.
Mike Huckabee|I'm not a particularly dark individual. I have my moments, it's true, but I do have a sense of humor.
Craig Sager|One day, I will tell my story... where I came from and where I am now and how I remained positive.
Carl Sagan|In all our searching, the only thing we've found that makes the emptiness bearable is each other.
John   Kramer, Blythe|To be free, you must think. There is no way to follow blindly and to be free.
Michele Boldrin, Against Intellectual Monopoly|In the case of patentable ideas such as the wheelbarrow, the idea of unpriced spillovers is more plausible. Yet there is no reason to believe that it is of practical importance. Indeed, there is a modern example of the wheelbarrow – that of Travelpro – the inventor of the modern wheeled roll-on suitcase with a retractable handle. Obviously such an idea can not both be useful and be secret – and once you see a wheeled roll-on suitcase it is not difficult to figure out how to make one of your own. Needless to say, Travelpro was quickly imitated – and so quickly you probably have never even heard of Travelpro. Never-the-less – despite their inability to garner an intellectual monopoly over their invention – they found it worthwhile to innovate – and they still do a lucrative business today, claiming “425,000 Flight Crew Members Worldwide Choose Travelpro Luggage.
Marie Curie|When I meet with the founders of a new company, my advice is almost always, 'Do fewer things.' It's true of partnerships, marketing opportunities, anything that's taking up your time. The vast majority of things are distractions, and very few really matter to your success.
Cecelia Ahern, How to Fall in Love|One day the girl is taking a bath and calls out. The widow comes into the tiny bathroom and the water surrounding the girl’s legs is clouded with crimson. She slaps the girl in the face and smiles and kisses her on the cheeks. She says, “May you bloom.” The girl doesn’t flinch. The widow tells her, “This is the first language of your body. It is the word ne. When you bleed each month, as when the moon comes and goes in its journey, you leave the world of men. You enter the body of all women, who are connected to all of nature.” The girl asks, “Why is it the word ne?” The widow responds, “When you bleed, this word is more powerful than any word you could ever speak. It is a blood word. It binds you to animals and trees and the moon and the sun. Where men take blood in the world in hunting and war, women give blood. It is the word ne because it closes the room of a woman’s body to men.” The widow places her hands into the water and says, “Good. You are alive. You and I are alive.
Timothy J. Keller, Every Good Endeavor: Connecting Your Work to God's Work|Everyone will be forgotten, nothing we do will make any difference, and all good endeavours, even the best, will come to naught. Unless there is God. If the God of the Bible exists, and there is a True Reality beneath and behind this one, and this life is not the only life, then every good endeavour, even the simplest ones, pursued in response to God's calling, can matter forever.
Don DeLillo, Underworld|The game (baseball)was a custom of his clan, and it gave outlet for the homicidal and sides-taking instincts which Babbitt called “patriotism” and “love of sport.
Katrina Kaif|America needs to understand Islam, because this is the one religion that erases from its society the race problem. Throughout my travels in the Muslim world, I have met, talked to, even eaten with people who in America would have been considered 'white,' but the 'white' attitude had been removed from their minds by the religion of Islam.
Gemma Liviero, Pastel Orphans|Poor little lambs,’ says one, eyeing us constantly, as if there is something wrong with us; as if we have a condition that can’t be named.” Pastel Orphans
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|One of the nicest things you can do to kick-start your children’s day is to tell them honestly they look nice as they head out the door. This easy, five-second exchange says to your child: “I see you; I notice you; I love you.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|Prayer is never out of season: in summer and in winter its merchandize is precious. Prayer gains audience with heaven in the dead of night, in the midst of business, in the heat of noonday, in the shades of evening. In every condition, whether of poverty, or sickness, or obscurity, or slander, or doubt, your covenant God will welcome your prayer and answer it from His holy place.
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|If I blow my nose, it gets written all over the world.
Edgar Allan Poe, Berenice|How is it that from beauty I have derived a type of unloveliness?—from the covenant of peace a simile of sorrow? But as, in ethics, evil is a consequence of good, so, in fact, out of joy is sorrow born.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Do I dare believe such an absurdly outrageous story that a man would die, lay lifeless in some tomb for three days and then somehow live again? Yet, if I dare to consider it, is that not exactly what I so desperately desire for this lifeless life of mine? And is Easter God’s tenderly outrageous way of telling me that that is exactly what I can have?
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|The ego of a god, the wit of a goldfish.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Falling from the sky like the rain, And I fly and sing like the little birds..., Movements that are not in vain, Everything has a life made of words.
Alex Chiu|That is why the analogy of stealing does not work. With a thief, we want to know how much money he stole, and from whom. With the artist it is not how much he took and from whom, but what he did with it.
Alice W. Flaherty, The Midnight Disease: The Drive to Write, Writer's Block, and the Creative Brain|Recognize the signs, these perpetual question and need to control. Never be a part of someone else's obsession. Let them carry it alone, with their snakeskin smile. These are the people that hold their hand out and it’s as cold as their heart.
John Gardner, On Becoming a Novelist|As every writer knows... there is something mysterious about the writer's ability, on any given day, to write. When the juices are flowing, or the writer is 'hot', an invisible wall seems to fall away, and the writer moves easily and surely from one kind of reality to another... Every writer has experienced at least moments of this strange, magical state. Reading student fiction one can spot at once where the power turns on and where it turns off, where the writer writes from 'inspiration' or deep, flowing vision, and where he had to struggle along on mere intellect.
Deyth Banger, All As None and More|I run my fingers down the spines of old books and ancient tales. I smell the ink and feel the pages as I delicately peer at the words and paragraphs. Each book home to a story, giving its characters immortality. I smile and think that perhaps someday, I will make a home out of these pages too. And sit on a shelf, ready and waiting to share my story with the next reader.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe|In a covenant...among proprietor and community tenants for the purpose of protecting their private property, no such thing as a right to free (unlimited) speech exists, not even to unlimited speech on one’s own tenant-property. One may say innumerable things and promote almost any idea under the sun, but naturally no one is permitted to advocate ideas contrary to the very covenant of preserving and protecting private property, such as democracy and communism. There can be no tolerance toward democrats and communists in a libertarian social order. They will have to be physically separated and removed from society.
M.F.K. Fisher, How to Cook a Wolf|You can still live with grace and wisdom thanks partly to the many people who write about how to do it and perhaps talk overmuch about riboflavin and economy, and partly to your own innate sense of what you must do with the resources you have, to keep the wolf from snuffing to hungrily through the keyhole.
W. Somerset Maugham, The happy man stories|I have always hesitated to give advice, for how can one advise another how to act unless one knows that other as well as one knows himself? Heaven knows. I know little enough of myself: I know nothing of others. We can only guess at the thoughts and emotions of our neighbours. Each one of us is a prisoner in a solitary tower and he communicates with the other prisoners, who form mankind, by conventional signs that have not quite the same meaning for them as for himself.
Jason Versey|Beloved, it's impossible to sprint into the providential arms of what is ahead...if we continue to trip on what is behind.
Caitlin Keiper|Is God giving you victory this day, if not this whole day, how about this very minute?
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|What are we talking about again?” he asks.I say science at the same time that he says love, and we both laugh.“What are the ingredients?” he prompts me again.“Mutual self-interest and socioeconomic compatibility.”“Do you even have a soul?”“No such thing as a soul,” I say.
Barbara Bush|As important as your obligations as a doctor, lawyer or business leader will be, you are a human being first. And these human connections with spouse, with children and with friends are the most important investments you will ever make. At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict, or closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child or a parent. One thing will never change. Fathers and Mothers, if you have children, they must come first. You must read to your children, you must hug your children and you must love your children…. Your success as a family, our success as a society depends not what happens at the White House, but what happens inside YOUR house.
Sarah Beth Durst, Drink, Slay, Love|I hate her." Merlin laughed, tossing the stick down. "Not so. You have forgotten how to love. That's a different sorrow.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|The word we. We are not one people but many different people. How can one person speak for this great, beautiful race--which is not one race but many, with a million desires and hopes and wished for ourselves and our children?
Mora Early, Twisted Arrangement|Shit, who the hell am I kidding? Ronin Flynn's hands on my ass feel spectacular.
Calvin Harris|For all my success with the Ramones, I carried around fury and intensity during my career. I had an image, and that image was anger. I was the one who was always scowling, downcast. I tried to make sure I looked like that when I was getting my picture taken.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Accountability and self-responsibility are critical to our success in personal, professional and public life. However, we often look for those character traits in others, rather than inculcating them in ourselves.
James Bryce|Memorial Day isn't just about honoring veterans, its honoring those who lost their lives. Veterans had the fortune of coming home. For us, that's a reminder of when we come home we still have a responsibility to serve. It's a continuation of service that honors our country and those who fell defending it.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, God doesn’t send you into a battle to win it; he sends you to end it.
Jasmina Tešanović, The Diary of a Political Idiot: Normal Life in Belgrade|I think of myself as a political idiot. Idiot, in ancient Greece, denoted a common person without access to knowledge and information--all women, by definition, and most men. I am unable to make judgments. I see no options I can identify with. Is that normal?
CrimethInc., Evasion|A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good...
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|Jace stood up, knocking his chair back violently. "You are not taking Clary to the Seelie Court without me and THAT is FINAL.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|The clouds won't shatter my dreams, but this is a story about how I lost myself to the storm.""And something's got me tethered to you...""Always to you...""They think I'm crazy... I love him. I swear, I do.""Then why are you here, T?""Esto es complicado, Eli. It's all the lies I made up to get away from you, the distance I drove to free myself, that's brought me here. It's that moment before your kiss and the sound of my name on your lips. It's you that's taken me the five miles I needed to be where you are. I won't run again."“What are we doing?”“We’re LIVING.
John Irving, Avenue of Mysteries|The way you remember or dream about your loved ones - the ones who are gone - you can't stop their endings from jumping ahead of the rest of their stories. You don't get to choose the chronology of what you dream, or the order of events in which you remember someone. In your mind - in your dreams, in your memories - sometimes the story begins with the epilogue.
Bille August|I grew up reading '2000 AD' and the occasional Transformers and GI Joe comic, but when I could finance comics myself, I lasted only a little reading superheroes.
Debasish Mridha|There is no perfect lover or perfect love, only longing for love and be beloved.
Dennis Liggio, Support Your Local Monster Hunter|In a time like that, the past meets you wherever you turn. The days do not use their own hours and minutes, they find ones you have lived through with the person you are missing.
Sue Townsend|We need balance. We need to balance our inner life with our outer life. Nature is always sitting there waiting to help us, but we have to do the work. Nature is probably the greatest teacher that we'll ever have... the earth and nature.
Patrick Carman, The Tenth City|In the morning light, I remembered how much I loved the sound of wind through the trees. I laid back and closed my eyes, and I was comforted by the sound of a million tiny leaves dancing on a summer morning.
Robert  Black|Summer brings sunshine, warm and flowering.
Andrew Vachss, The Weight|If a train is coming at you, closing your eyes won't save you ... but if you look right at it, you at least have a chance to jump.
Marianne Williamson, Everyday Grace: Having Hope, Finding Forgiveness And Making Miracles|Our prayer is not simply, ‘Dear God, please send me a better job,’ but, ‘Dear God, enable me to see this situation differently, that this area of apparent lack might be healed inside my mind.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|You are a sick, sick man,” I told him.“Thank you,” Ben replied, looking modest.
Kunal  Sen|Above me soft footsteps, the sound through the ceiling of a teenager haunted by a door to the night. My cousin Maybonne lights up a Salem, blows ghosts to the darkness, be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
John Muir|The power of one, if fearless and focused, is formidable, but the power of many working together is better.
William Blake, The Complete Poetry and Prose|IV   The bounded is loathed by its possessor. The same dull round even of a universe would soon become a mill with complicated wheels.V   If the many become the same as the few, when possess'd, More! More! is the cry of a mistaken soul, less than All cannot satisfy Man.VI   If any could desire what he is incapable of possessing, despair must be his eternal lot.VII   The desire of Man being Infinite the possession is Infinite & himself Infinite.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|He’s lying to me, Bree thought. I don’t know how I know, but I do. And really, wasn’t it better if she didn’t know for sure? Bree moved closer to him and pressed her mouth to his, inhaling the strong, musky scent that seemed to be his alone. Like a mix of spiced wine, dark chocolate and warm leather. Bree eased her tongue in and ran it across his teeth as his fingers moved up her spine to cup her head and bring her closer.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|Most of all, differences of opinion are opportunities for learning.
Kiera Cass, The Heir|When we met, you couldn't stop staring at my breasts."His face went pale, as if he seriously thought he was so subtle no one would notice. "Make sure you get an equally satisfactory look a my backside as you leave.
Stellan Skarsgard|I love being in these ensemble comedy movies. I love working with a bunch of people and coming up with, you know, How can we make this moment funnier?
Samuel Snoek-Brown, Hagridden|What one of us wants we all want. You a man of the earth as you are, you ought to have known we hunt in packs. And now I come to finish you.
Francine Prose, Reading Like a Writer: A Guide for People Who Love Books and for Those Who Want to Write Them|[Referring to passage by Alice Munro] Finally, the passage contradicts a form of bad advice often given young writers -- namely, that the job of the author is to show, not tell. Needless to say, many great novelists combine "dramatic" showing with long sections of the flat-out authorial narration that is, I guess, what is meant by telling. And the warning against telling leads to a confusion that causes novice writers to think that everything should be acted out -- don't tell us a character is happy, show us how she screams "yay" and jumps up and down for joy -- when in fact the responsibility of showing should be assumed by the energetic and specific use of language.
April WIlliams, What You Should Know About Network Marketing Before Investing Your Time, Energy and Money|Because when you stop worrying about what anyone else things, life gets a whole lot easier".
Phyllis Diller|It is lovely to meet an old person whose face is deeply lined, a face that has been deeply inhabited, to look in the eyes and find light there.
T. D. Jakes|To me, having kids is the ultimate job in life. I want to be most successful at being a good father.
Victoria Aveyard, Glass Sword|Perhaps the old man had chosen to look up through—or at least around—his problems while still smiling, knowing that a detour didn’t have to alter the destination, it merely changed the path.
Tony Tulathimutte, Private Citizens|The consequence of the demand for fast answers to complicated health matters is the endless demand for tests, diagnostics, and pharmaceuticals.
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|Courage can be displayed in many forms, my lord,' I said gently. 'Sometimes it's evident in the knight charging forward with the lance on his steed. But perhaps it can also take the form of a head bowed before the enemy.
Rohan Nath|Survival was more than the preservation of life. It was tenacity in the face of ruin, an unbroken resolve in the midst of defeat, a glimmer of hope in the maelstrom, and peace despite the wreckage.
Chelsea Pitcher, The Last Changeling|You have to make sacrifices for the things you believe in. If you don’t, what’s the point in believing in anything?
Leila Samarrai, Avanture Borisa K.|Art is a game. Poetry as well. At the end of the day, you either know how to play it or not.
Dean Alfange|My CreedI do not choose to be a common man,It is my right to be uncommon … if I can,I seek opportunity … not security.I do not wish to be a kept citizen.Humbled and dulled by having theState look after me.I want to take the calculated risk;To dream and to build.To fail and to succeed.I refuse to barter incentive for a dole;I prefer the challenges of lifeTo the guaranteed existence;The thrill of fulfillmentTo the stale calm of Utopia.I will not trade freedom for beneficenceNor my dignity for a handoutI will never cower before any masterNor bend to any threat.It is my heritage to stand erect.Proud and unafraid;To think and act for myself,To enjoy the benefit of my creationsAnd to face the world boldly and say:This, with God’s help, I have doneAll this is what it meansTo be an Entrepreneur.
William J. Bennett, Choosing the Right College: The Whole Truth about America's Top Schools|The essence of education is, in the words of William James, to teach a person what deserves to be valued, to impart ideals as well as knowledge, to cultivate in students the ability to distinguish the true and good from their counterfeits and the wisdom to prefer the former to the latter.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Don’t make me Alice-nap you, Alice. Because you know I can carry you.
Daniel Tammet|Don Quixote's 'Delusions' is an excellent read - far better than my own forthcoming travel book, 'Walking Backwards Across Tuscany.'
Marlon Wayans|If Joy Behar or Sherri Shepherd was a dude, they'd be off TV. They're not funny enough for dudes. What if Roseanne Barr was a dude? Think we'd know who she was?
Ronald Frame, Havisham|We were perfectly decorous together. It took the will of both of us. I trusted him with me, and myself with him.
G.K. Chesterton, Alarms and Discursions|It may be said of Socialism, therefore, that its friends recommended it as increasing equality, while its foes resisted it as decreasing liberty….The compromise eventually made was one of the most interesting and even curious cases in history. It was decided to do everything that had ever been denounced in Socialism, and nothing that had ever been desired in it…we proceeded to prove that it was possible to sacrifice liberty without gaining equality….In short, people decided that it was impossible to achieve any of the good of Socialism, but they comforted themselves by achieving all the bad.
J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret|Isn’t that the way God works? She’d thought. He takes the things in our lives that are ugly, disgusting, and downright wicked, and transforms them into something magnificent.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|With all due respect, if you’re forty-three, then I’m a fetus.
Robert M. Drake|She got inside me with her story. I could feel her flowing in me and far, faraway I related in parallel. Her smile was a reflection of my own brokenness. It defined buried feelings that I could never ignore.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Savour on the moment, while still waiting for sacred time.
Lisa Swerling, If Our Love Were a Book - This Is How It Would Look|Poems are lenses, mirrors, and X-ray machines.
Tim O'Brien|A lie, sometimes, can be truer than the truth, which is why fiction gets written.
Mya Waechtler|When life pushes you down, just roll with the storm, because at one point you'll push life right back.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|Green was the silence, wet was the light,the month of June trembled like a butterfly.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|I willed myself to stay awake, but the rain was so soft and the room was so warm and his voice was so deep and his knee was so snug that I slept.
Buzz Aldrin|I'm a strict, strict agnostic. It's very different from a casual, 'I don't know.' It's that you cannot present as knowledge something that is not knowledge. You can present it as faith, you can present it as belief, but you can't present it as fact.
Elaine Seiler, Multi-Dimensional You: Exploring Energetic Evolution|Since the universe and everything in it is energy, mind power works on the principle that if you match your frequency to what it is you desire, it has no choice but to become, since like attracts like.
Oscar Wilde, The Fisherman and His Soul|And the young Fisherman said to himself: "How strange a thing this is! The Priest telleth me that the Soul is worth all the gold in the world, and the merchants say that it is not worth a clipped piece of silver.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Start a new day with a feeling that life is bigger than achievements & non-achievements, we often worry about the desirable achievements leaving aside the experience gained by non-achievements; Always believe that every successful future achievement will rise from shadows of lessons taught by unsuccessful past experiences.
Miles Davis|I suffer from deep depression, so my only release is music.
Abhijit Naskar|No institution can become the cradle of leadership, until its teachers break their manacles of rugged dogmas.
Alcoholics Anonymous|"I can forgive  but I cannot forget" is only another way of saying  "I will not forgive." Forgiveness ought to be like a canceled note-torn in two and burned up so that it never can be shown against one.
Debbie Howells, The Bones of You|Everyone has a destiny. Rosie told me that. A future that already exists – hidden from us but still there, in the future – and each thing that happens to us, each choice we make, each person in our life takes us closer to it.
Leander Paes|I grew up on film sets and I had a ball. It wouldn't have had nearly as much fun if my dad had been working behind a desk somewhere. I remember being on the set of 'The Godfather: Part III,' and all the kids were running around and doing crazy things, and Francis Ford Coppola just embraced that.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|Artists could never, would never, harm anybody. They’re too busy painting. Same with ad drunks. They might be a bit useless at functional tasks, they may break things (small objects, precious objects, door handles, car accessories, and such), but they’re too pissed to get seriously involved in anything.
Toni Sorenson|Taking care of your health and well bring first, is the best way to insure you will be able to care for those you love.
Ethan Hawke, The Hottest State|Don't you find it odd," she continued, "that when you're a kid, everyone, all the world, encourages you to follow your dreams. But when you're older, somehow they act offended if you even try.
Robert Spector, The Mom & Pop Store: How the Unsung Heroes of the American Economy Are Surviving and Thriving|The people who work within these industries or public services know that there are basic flaws. But they are almost forced to ignore them and to concentrate instead on patching here, improving there, fighting the fire or caulking that crack. They are thus unable to take the innovation seriously, let alone to try to compete with it. They do not, as a rule, even notice it until it has grown so big as to encroach on their industry or service, by which time it has become irreversible. In the meantime, the innovators have the field to themselves.
Ann Coulter, If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd Be Republicans|I'm a Christian first, and a mean-spirited, bigoted conservative second, and don't you ever forget it. You know who else was kind of "divisive" in terms of challenging the status quo and the powers-that-be of his day? Jesus Christ.
Emily Eaton|Don't strive to be beautiful from the outside, strive to be beautiful from the inside. Surface beauty will fade through time and age, but beauty from the heart, however, will never fade.
Erin Hanson|I once had a mind of quicksand,That dragged ideas into its depths,Inhaling specks of sunlight,Every time I drew a breath,But the world thought me a hazard,When every word I spoke, I meant,So around me they put caution tape,And filled me with cement.
William Bramwell|The more familiar acquaintance we have with God the more do we partake of him. He that passes by the fire may have some gleams of heat, but he that stands by it has his colour changed. It is not possible that a man should have any long conference with God and be no whit affected. If we are strangers to God it is no wonder that our faces become earthy.
C.T. Phipps, The Rules of Supervillainy|Through me you go to the grief wracked city; Through me you go to everlasting pain; Through me you go a pass among lost souls. Justice inspired my exalted Creator: I am a creature of the Holiest Power, of Wisdom in the Highest and of Primal Love. Nothing till I was made was made, only eternal beings. And I endure eternally. Surrender as you enter, every hope you have.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Gazing around, looking up at the lofty pinnacles above, which seemed to pierce the sky, looking down upon the world,--it seemed the whole world, so limitless it stretched away at her feet,--feeling that infinite unspeakable sense of nearness to Heaven, remoteness from earth which comes only on mountain heights, she drew in a long breath of delight, and cried: "At last! at last, Alessandro! Here we are safe! This is freedom! This is joy!
David Frum|Shrimp farms are a scourge on the earth, frankly, from an environmental point of view. They pour huge amounts of pollutants into the ocean. They also pollute their next-door neighbors.
Jean Kerr|"Safety first" has been the motto of the human race for half a million years  but it has never been the motto of leaders.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your wife puts on ten pounds, love her ten times more.If she puts on a hundred pounds, love her a hundred times more.If she puts on a thousand pounds, love her a thousand times more.
Traudl Junge, Until the Final Hour: Hitler's Last Secretary|Now that I've let go of my story, I can let go of my life.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|Inhumanity, n. One of the signal and characteristic qualities of humanity.
Sherry K. White, Walking in the Father's Riches: The Prosperity of Sonship|The Innocent Mage is come , and we stand at the beginning of the end of everything
Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Waking Up at Rembrandt's|You might think of a thought as an invisible, innocuous little thing. Something that barely exists. But a thought is something hard to conceal. Hold a thought and it melts all over your hands. Touch something else and now you’ve left traces of it. Hide it under your shirt and it bleeds through.
Dick Gregory|I have scary eyes. I look like the guy in 'American History X,' yes. I remember coming home from school and asking my mum if I could get an eye transplant, and of course she declined.
Elbert Hubbard|You and I are victims of the same disease. We're fighting the same war, just different battles in different theaters, and it's way too late for me to hate you for anything, because we're the same damn thing. My soul, your conscience, whatever's left of me woven into whatever's left of you, all tangled up and conjoined. We're in this together, corpse.
Diarmaid MacCulloch, A History of Christianity: The First Three Thousand Years|There is no surer basis for fanaticism than bad history, which is invariably history oversimplified.
Rishank Jhavar|Go past the insecurity. Go past the little voice that says doing that thing will hurt you. Instead let the pain flow through you, and just hold on. At that very point, you will find yourself invincible.
Debasish Mridha|Where there is great love, there are always happiness and joy.
Kambiz Shabankare|Life is absolutely a game, but technically there is no winner or looser. Because there is no universally established rule for the game. Every player defines the rules as the individual prefers. Therefore, most of the times you are playing with the rules of others, which you are not even familiar with. Such game [apparently] has determined the distinction between winners and losers, not according to the individual's own abilities, but based on how a person satisfies other players and their expectations. More alienated from one's self means greater chance and closer to be called a winner, and more authentic if a person is more will be forced toward the loser title.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|...the past gives you an identity and the future holds the promise of salvation, of fulfillment in whaterver form. Both are illusions.
Ameera Al Hakawati, Desperate in Dubai, #1|To be at peace with the world, you must first find peace in yourself.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|I have stood aside to see the phantoms of those days go by me. They are gone, and I resume the journey of my story.’ (David Copperfield)“But all that night he lay awake because the phantoms of those days were not gone. Like the tiny, terrible holes in the prophylactics, the phantoms of those days were not easy to detect—and their meaning was unknown—but they were there.
Primo Levi, If This Is a Man / The Truce|An old horse, an old bird, an old man, an old tree, they all represent a great survival in the jungle of cosmos; they deserve to be applauded and respected!
James Norman Hall|My dad was very successful running midgets in Texas. Then, his two drivers ran into some bad luck. People started saying that Daddy had lost his touch. That it was the cars and not the drivers. I wanted to race just to prove all those people wrong.
Gayla Reid, All the Seas of the World|Old folks live on memory, young folk live on hope.
David Nicholls, One Day|Maybe they're in love.""And is that what love looks like - all wet mouths and your skirt rucked up?""Sometines it is.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|Anytime I'm not reading my Bible or praying, I feel like I'm wasting my time. [Mark's brother-in-law, Matt ________, speaking]
James Smithson|I agree completely with my son James when he says 'Internet is like electricity. The latter lights up everything, while the former lights up knowledge'.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|I vow I am, and always will be, constant and faithful in my love for you, Anais. Nothing you or anyone else does shall alter these feelings. I am forever loving, forever waiting, forever yearning...forever yours.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|The Bible is clear: Truth exists. It can be known. And when we ground our beliefs in it, we are rational.
Confucius|When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|The law-abiding citizen by his labor serves both himself and his fellow man and thereby integrates himself peacefully into the social order. The robber, on the other hand, is intent, not on honest toil, but on the forcible appropriation of the fruits of others' labor.
Lil Wayne|I mean, just because you're a musician doesn't mean all your ideas are about music. So every once in a while I get an idea about plumbing, I get an idea about city government, and they come the way they come.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|The first stage of ignorance is illusion, due to lack of exposure to reality. The second stage of ignorance is delusion, or the refusal to acknowledge reality. The third stage of ignorance is the rejection of altruism.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|Tea is just an excuse.i am drinking this sunset, this evening.and you.
Poppet, Sveta|Just once, he looks back at Arsay, and I feel like an entire encyclopedia of information and words is exchanged between them. I wish I could speak telepathy too.
David Millar, Racing Through the Dark|At home they thought of white people as a vague but powerful entity--like the forces that control the weather, that capable of destruction, that hidden from view.
Jim Willig, Lessons From the School of Suffering: A Young Priest With Cancer Teaches Us How to Live|One day, when I thought I was alone, I prayed in church. While making this offering before the cross, a parishioner came up to me, put her arm around my shoulder and prayed, ‘Dear God, please heal Father Jim. And give me his cancer.’ I was incredulous. I looked at her, and then back to the Lord and quietly prayed, ‘If she insists, Lord, hear our prayer!’ Later I was able to pray, ‘Lord, rather than give my cancer to her, give her heart of love to me – the love that prompted her to deny her very self and pray in such a loving way.
Mihai Eminescu, Poems|Glossa Time goes by, time comes along,All is old and all is new;What is right and what is wrong,You must think and ask of you;Have no hope and have no fear,Waves that rise can never hold;If they urge or if they cheer,You remain aloof and cold. To our sight a lot will glisten,Many sounds will reach our ear;Who could take the time to listenAnd remember all we hear?Keep aside from all that patter,Seek yourself, far from the throng When with loud and idle clatterTime goes by, time comes along.Nor forget the tongue of reasonOr its even scales depressWhen the moment, changing season,Wears the mask of happiness -It is born of reason's slumberAnd may last a wink as true:For the one who knows its numberAll is old and all is new.Be as to a play, spectator,As the world unfolds before:You will know the heart of matterShould they act two parts or four;When they cry or tear asunderFrom your seat enjoy alongAnd you'll learn from art to wonderWhat is right and what is wrong.Past and future, ever blending,Are the twin sides of same page:New start will begin with endingWhen you know to learn from age;All that was or be tomorrowWe have in the present, too;But what's vain and futile sorrowYou must think and ask of you;For the living cannot severFrom the means we've always had:Now, as years ago, and ever,Men are happy or are sad:Other masks, same play repeated;Diff'rent tongues, same words to hear;Of your dreams so often cheated,Have no hope and have no fear.Hope not when the villains clusterBy success and glory drawn:Fools with perfect lack of lusterWill outshine Hyperion!Fear it not, they'll push each otherTo reach higher in the fold,Do not side with them as brother,Waves that rise can never hold.Sounds of siren songs call steadyToward golden nets, astray;Life attracts you into eddiesTo change actors in the play;Steal aside from crowd and bustle,Do not look, seem not to hearFrom your path, away from hustle,If they urge or if they cheer;If they reach for you, go faster,Hold your tongue when slanders yell;Your advice they cannot master,Don't you know their measure well?Let them talk and let them chatter,Let all go past, young and old;Unattached to man or matter,You remain aloof and cold.You remain aloof and coldIf they urge or if they cheer;Waves that rise can never hold,Have no hope and have no fear;You must think and ask of youWhat is right and what is wrong;All is old and all is new,Time goes by, time comes along.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A man of God would never burn or harm a temple of any kind - regardless of religion. A true man of God would see every temple or divine mansion built to glorify the Creator - as an extension of the temple closest to his home, regardless of its shape, size, or color. A man who truly recognizes and knows God can see God in all things.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|In order for grace to truly be grace, it has to extend to absolutely everyone, no matter what, no questions, no exceptions. Otherwise we think that somehow, by living a moral life...we've deserved it
Vijay Kedia|When we are right, we earn. When we are wrong, we learn.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|If only one person can do it, you cannot do it, if two people can do it, you can do it too.
David Horsey|I spend most of my time in a room alone where eight hours go by, and I have no sense of time. I work seven days a week, and I live in this sort of vague subconscious fog a lot.
Kevin J.  Donaldson|Without a degree of risk, there is little chance for the enormous mixture of relief and achievement that follows in its steps. It is the leap that goes on to support even greater attempts at the seemingly impossible challenges that the world often uses to sort the men from the boys, and of course, the women from the girls!
Flynn Meaney, The Boy Recession|Sitting cross-legged on her bed, I watch her take out her gear. She’s been smoking so much the room stinks of it. Over the last few weeks, I’ve seen her do it so often I’ve resisted the urge. It’s surreal, like I’m watching me from outside my body. My willpower is fragile at the best of times, but my resolve is always weaker in the evening.I feel a dread and a revulsion for what I’m about to do, but there’s a stronger feeling, an unutterable longing. I crack.‘Give us a line,’ I say.
Edward R. Murrow|I was once asked if I had any ideas for a really scary reality TV show. I have one reality show that would really make your hair stand on end: "C-Students from Yale."George W. Bush has gathered around him upper-crust C-students who know no history or geography, plus not-so-closeted white supremacists, aka Christians, and plus, most frighteningly, psychopathic personalities, or PPs, the medical term for smart, personable people who have no consciences.To say somebody is a PP is to make a perfectly respectable diagnosis, like saying he or she has appendicitis or athlete's foot . . .PPs are presentable, they know full well the suffering their actions may cause others, but they do not care. They cannot care because they are nuts. They have a screw loose! . . .So many of these heartless PPs now hold big jobs in our federal government, as though they were leaders instead of sick. They have taken charge of communications and the schools, so we might as well be Poland under occup
George R.R. Martin|We’re all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?
George Saunders, In Persuasion Nation|Enjoying your Christmas in the land of the dead? Fun and different, right?
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|The Mole was bewitched, entranced, fascinated. By the side of the river he trotted as one trots, when very small, by the side of a man who holds one spellbound by exciting stories; and when tired at last, he sat on the bank, while the river still chattered on to him, a babbling procession of the best stories in the world, sent from the heart of the earth to be told at last to the insatiable sea.
Swami Vivekananda|Strength is Life, Weakness is Death.Expansion is Life, Contraction is Death.Love is Life, Hatred is Death.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Be the man she can depend on, not the man that constantly lets her down.
Fergie|Today, corruption has won and justice has lost. I brought corruption cases in good faith involving powerful people, and the political and legal establishment blatantly covered up and retaliated by targeting my law license.
Aaron Neville|When you find your definitions in God, you find the very purpose for which you were created. Put your hand into God's hand, know His absolutes, demonstrate His love, present His truth, and the message of redemption and transformation will take hold.
E.M. Forster|The novel is a formidable mass, and it is so amorphous - no mountain in it to climb, no Parnassus or Helicon, not even a Pisgah. It is most distinctly one of the moister areas of literature - irrigated by a hundred rills and occasionally degenerating into a swamp. I do not wonder that the poets despise it, though they sometimes find themselves in it by accident. And I am not surprised at the annoyance of the historians when by accident it finds itself among them.
Shon Mehta|I know that I too could try a story out, rebuild mine, make it live again several minutes before the full of the day, the sun, the city. But I haven't the strength, stupidly. I rise and carry on. One more time.
Chris Colfer, Struck By Lightning: The Carson Phillips Journal|When one thing takes another away, what do we call that?” she asked my class. “Homicide!” I called out
Avery Aster, Undressed|I have to go home, Masi.You are my home, bella. I am lost without you. He couldn’t speak. There were no words to recoil the loss consuming him. Massimo brought his hands up to her face. Kissing her one last time. He had to for his sanity. And he did with great passion, knowing he’d hurt her face when she kissed him back. But she did. He heard the cry in her throat as their tongues danced. Warm tears touched his palms as they continued to kiss. His fingertips were wet with sadness. He kept on kissing her. Unable to stop, he needed ten more seconds. Ti amo, I love you. Please don’t leave. I’ve waited my whole life for you. When he pulled his face back, she cried, and he realized he did also.
Bob Latta|To many, peace is what enables development and is critical in providing opportunities to young people. To some - especially those from regions involved in conflict - peacekeeping and efforts to preserve peace are absolutely vital in bringing prosperity and hope for the future.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|Adam smiled cheerily. Ronan would start wars and burn cities for that true smile, elastic and amiable.
Cherise Sinclair, Master of the Mountain|God,' he said, 'I have to have you.''Take me. Own me. Use me. Pick a verb. Just please.''Fuck you. I'm going to fuck you. That's my verb.
Cristina  Martin, The Automat|If you focus your eyes towards the horizon, everything and everyone walking in front of you becomes a blurry mass. That's what everyone else became. All of their dark wool suits began to mesh into one, and they began to rhythmically march in unison, all while I gazed at the sliver of sky that seemed to be pressed tightly in between the skyscrapers. I kept on walking and staring at the sky, and I began to notice the skyscrapers becoming larger and larger, and before I knew it, I had to turn to get to my building, and of course, the automat.
Adam P. Knave, Crazy Little Things|Bullshit. You can paint with a fork, you can kill with a fork. A fork is a tool. Don't let yourself be confined by the definitions of others.
Mock of the week the show|She forks up a little nibble and wedges it in her mouth. "Yum," she croaks.Mrs. Wong looks pleased. "It's made with tofu."I can't resist. "Free-range tofu?"My mother looks over at me sharply. Mrs. Wong takes the bait. "Now, Cassidy, tofu isn't an animal," she chides. "It's soy bean curd. Soy bean curd doesn't need to roam free."On the floor below me, Emma lets out a little snort. I nudge her again with my foot. We're both grinning at the thought of a corral somewhere with little cubes of tofu wandering around. "Home, home on the range," I sing to her under my breath. "Where the deer and the tofu roam free...
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Only love that continues to flow in the face of anger, blame, and indifference can be called love. All else is simply a transaction.
Summer Hines, Some Things Stay With You: A Windswept Wyoming Romance|If I offer you the moon on a string, will you give me a kiss, too?" - Lucien Vanserra
Danny Boyle|Some of us are interested in directors, but really the vast majority of us are interested in actors. You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.
Sweden Reese, The Southern Gentleman: Protective Instinct|Lola found herself staring at him when he turned back to the road. He was tall enough that his dark, wavy hair touched the roof of the car, and so broad his sculpted bicep continually brushed against her bare upper arm, sending shivers straight to her nipples and between her legs. She crossed her thighs, disgusted with herself, and vowed not to start lusting after this jerk.
Chang-rae Lee, On Such a Full Sea|Anna Petrovna: I am beginning to think, doctor, that fate has cheated me. The majority of people, who maybe are no better than I am, are happy and pay nothing for that happiness. I have paid for everything, absolutely everything! And how dearly! Why have I paid such terrible interest?
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|And in his eyes he had the look of the cat who inspires a desire to caress but loves no one, who never feels he must respond to the impulses he arouses.
Ash Gray, The Seaglass Stair|I know nothing of magick,” the naked man said to the raven, “except what you told me.” He laughed sadly. “And I barely remember that. I tend to drift off when you ramble.
Rob Thurman, Madhouse|The more unsettled and unbalanced we feel, the more quickly and recklessly we are likely to fall in love.
Skyla Madi, Your Guardian Angel|I say that I'm not into you like that, Camryn, because..," he pauses, searching my face, looking at my lips for a moment as if deciding whether or not he should kiss them again, "...because you're not the girl I could only sleep with once.
Nora Roberts, Tribute|I find myself fascinated by a man who admits to enjoying fairy tales and uses the word "impinge"- barely misses a beat while indulging in a brief girl-on-girl fantasy. You're a man of layers, Ford."Me and Shrek, we're onions.
Tom Holt|When you meet the real problems of life, think of the real lessons of life for the real lessons of life are in the real problems of life
Umberto Eco|Daydreaming is one of the key sources of poetry - a poem often starts as a daydream that finds its way into language - and walking seems to bring a different sort of alertness, an associative kind of thinking, a drifting state of mind.
Nick Clegg|The worst thing about being the laureate has been the attitude of a tiny minority of adults who haven't liked some of the things I'm supposed to have said and who have used it as an opportunity to be verbally abusive and nasty, but I haven't let it rule my world!
Christine Feehan, Dark Prince|He took my hand, made me stand on the branch and asked, "What can you see from here?" "Nothing" I said,"Know what I can see? From this distance everything is so bloody perfect".
William Stringfellow, Instead of Death: New and Expanded Edition|I'm a dreamer and continue to dream of what can and will be, "Expecting great things from God, Attempting great things for God
Andrea Riseborough|I'm a romantic, and I like guys to bring flowers and buy some gifts - not expensive things, just romantic things.
Andrew Marvell, The Complete Poems|Now therefore, while the youthful hue Sits on thy skin like morning dew, And while thy willing soul transpiresAt every pore with instant fires, Now let us sport us while we may, And now, like amorous birds of prey, Rather at once our time devour Than languish in his slow-chapt power.
Molly McAdams, Stealing Harper|I kept a straight face while my inner Neanderthal spluttered and then went on a mental rampage through a hypothetical produce section, knocking over shelves and spattering fruit everywhere in sheer frustration, screaming, 'JUST TELL ME WHOSE SKULL TO CRACK WITH MY CLUB, DAMMIT!
Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped|A painting is more than the sum of its parts,' he would tell me, and then go on to explain how the cow by itself is just a cow, and the meadow by itself is just grass and flowers, and the sun peeking through the trees is just a beam of light, but put them all together and you've got magic.
Carol Salter, Witch on the Warpath: The Trouble with Trolls|There's a hero in all of us, it merely needs the right incentive.
Abiola Abrams, The Sacred Bombshell Handbook of Self-Love|Why do women say "I'm sorry" so much? One of my favorite self-love sermons is this: Resist saying 'I'm sorry' so often. You are not "sorry." You are magnificent beyond measure, perfect in your imperfections, and wonderfully made.
Jason Isbell|For my wrap present, Colin Farrell gave me a first edition book. I got so involved with this character and I was so sad when the movie was over that when I got home and I tried to read the book I got really emotional and I started crying.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|What had been so funny? But you can never remember what you were laughing about, and even if you could, it seems doubtful that it would still be funny.
Davey Havok, Pop Kids|You see, in their last moments people show you who they really are.
Alin Sav|If you struggle making people knowing Jesus, then you better revise your actions.
John F. Kennedy, Profiles in Courage|If by a "Liberal" they mean someone who looks ahead and not behind, someone who welcomes new ideas without rigid reactions, someone who cares about the welfare of the people-their health, their housing, their schools, their jobs, their civil rights and their civil liberties-someone who believes we can break through the stalemate and suspicions that grip us in our policies abroad, if that is what they mean by a "Liberal", then I'm proud to say I'm a "Liberal.
Nikki Giovanni|I want to be clear about this. If you wrote from experience, you'd get maybe one book, maybe three poems. Writers write from empathy.
Julieanne O'Connor|I am one and when I am one I am none, and when I am none I have won.
Lionel Suggs|What are the path of love and the path of meditation? There are basically two different paths to enlightenment. These two paths are The path of love and The path of meditation. The path of love is the female path to enlightenment and The path of meditation is the male path to enlightenment. The path of love is the path of love, joy, relationships, devotion and surrender. The path of meditation is the path of meditation, silence, aloneness and freedom. These two paths has different ways, but they have the same goal. Through love and surrender the person that walks The path of love discovers the inner silence. Through meditation and aloneness the person that walks The path of meditation discovers the inner source of love. These two paths are like climbing the mountain of enlightenment through different routes, but the two paths are meeting on the summit of the mountain - and discover an inner integration between love and meditation, between relating and aloneness. Before I accept to work with a student now, I make an intuitive and clairvoyant evaluation about which spiritual paths that the student has walked before in previous lives. This intuitive assessment gives information about the spiritual level that the student has attained, and it also makes it easier to guide the person spiritually if he has followed a certain path in the past. A female student of mine laughed recently when I told her that she had followed The path of love in several past lives. She commented: "You have told me three times now that I have walked the path of love and silence, but with my head I still do not understand it." But this overall assessment of her spiritual growth uptil now, and of the spiritual paths that she had walked, made all the pieces of her life puzzle fit together - and brought a new, creative light to all her life choices in her current life. A male student of mine, who was a Tibetan monk in a previous life, walks The path of meditation, and I notice how I change my language and the methods that I recommend when I guide him along the path of meditation. I now work with students who walk both The path of love and The path of meditation, which also allows me to discover a deeper integration of love and meditation on my path to enlightenment.
Ozzy Osbourne, I Am Ozzy|She murdered for her truth, and they had died for theirs.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Was everyone else really as alive as she was?... If the answer was yes, then the world, the social world, was unbearably complicated, with two billion voices, and everyone’s thoughts striving in equal importance and everyone’s claim on life as intense, and everyone thinking they were unique, when no one was. One could drown in irrelevance.
Greg Graffin|Our responsibility is to rally and lead the whole party and the Chinese people of all ethnic groups, take up this historic baton and continue working hard for the great renewal of the Chinese nation, so that we will stand rock firm in the family of nations and make fresh and greater contribution to mankind.
Joseph Needham|I am burning. I have to live, I have to sing, I want to transform myself into a thousand different characters and carry their life with me onto the stage where it's so bright and so dark at the same time, just knowing there are three thousand people out there longing to be swept away by the passion that's about to flood out from scarlet curtains, to this I consecrate my body and my soul, I can give no more than all of myself, I feel my heart is a throbbing engine and my voice is the valve, like a wailing train, it has to sing or blow up, there's too much fuel, too much fire, and what am I to do with this voice if I can't let it out, it's not just singing. I am here as a speck, but I don't feel scared or about to be blown away, I feel like all New York is a warm embrace just waiting to enfold me. I am in love. But not with a person. I am passionately in love with my life.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Humans are aware of very little, it seems to me, the artificial brainy side of life, the worries and bills and the mechanisms of jobs, the doltish psychologies we've placed over our lives like a stencil. A dog keeps his life simple and unadorned.
P.J. Fiala, Second Chances|I love waking up with you, Sam. You feel so good. You smell so good and when I open my eyes and see you laying there so peaceful and serene, I can’t help myself. I’m usually able to look at you for a few minutes before my body decides it needs to be in you.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Biggest truth of life , which we all must accept.how beautiful love looks in movies and in books in real life it's absolutely opposite.more than 90 % people play game on the name of love and more than 90% people get betrayed.in real life love there is no respect or love and there is no value of beloved person feeling and emotions.many people come out from hell and start new life but the dirty part of it this many of die in that pain which another no one can not understand and can not feel.
Rudyard Kipling, The Jungle Book|And he grew and grew strong as a boy must grow who does not know that he is learning any lessons, and who has nothing in the world to think of except things to eat" (23).
Alexander McCall Smith, Love Over Scotland|There is no shortage of well-known pirates, including: Henry Morgan, Captain Kidd, Blackbeard, Blue beard, Yellowbeard, and Yellow beard with Black Roots, who surmised that, if blondes have more fun, then blond pirates must have a heck of a lot more fun.
Mireille Guiliano, French Women for All Seasons: A Year of Secrets, Recipes, and Pleasure|The center [of the supermarket] is for boxed, frozen, processed, made-to-sit-on-your-shelf-for-months food. You have to ask yourself, "If this food is designed to sit in a box for month and months, what is it doing inside my body?" Nothing good, that´s for sure.
Nikki Giovanni|Writers don't write from experience, although many are hesitant to admit that they don't. ...If you wrote from experience, you'd get maybe one book, maybe three poems. Writers write from empathy.
Jacob Young|Maybe you're not perfect, but you're willing to actually look at yourself and take some kind of accountability. That's a change. It might not mean that you can turn everything around, but I think there's something incredibly hopeful about that.
Dorothy Simpson|If someone is determined to kill himself, nothing will stop him.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Typically, awareness is only directed to the pronounced sensations of the body—the pleasurable and the painful. In yoga, over and over again, we witness the sensations of the body—the pleasant and unpleasant; the subtle and the overwhelming—neither seeking nor avoiding, and regarding all equally and without prejudice. It is through this nonjudgmental observation of sensation that the wisdom of the body is received, true healing is achieved, and the door to the unconscious mind is cast open.
Thomas Pynchon, Inherent Vice|I know the M-word makes you nervous, but yeah. I'm talking about the big, permanent friendship. A little different from what Joe and Charles had, though. See, I want to be the kind of best friends who make love every night, who share all their darkest secrets and favorite jokes, and maybe even someday make babies together. I know that kind of friendship requires hard work, but you know, I'm pretty good at hard work.~ Tom Paoletti, "The Unsung Hero
Susan Jeffers|I’ve never known fear; as a youth I fought/ In endless battles. I am old, now,/ But I will fight again, seek fame still,/ If the dragon hiding in his tower dares/ To face me
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|Nothing at first can appear more difficult to believe than that the more complex organs and instincts should have been perfected, not by means superior to, though analogous with, human reason, but by the accumulation of innumerable slight variations, each good for the individual possessor. Nevertheless, this difficulty, though appearing to our imagination insuperably great, cannot be considered real if we admit the following propositions, namely,— that gradations in the perfection of any organ or instinct, which we may consider, either do now exist or could have existed, each good of its kind,— that all organs and instincts are, in ever so slight a degree, variable,— and, lastly, that there is a struggle for existence leading to the preservation of each profitable deviation of structure or instinct. The truth of these propositions cannot, I think, be disputed.
Ankita Singhal, Aatish: Sensitizing Sentient Sentiments|You exalt me Bati,This is the message to the society,Brightest day demands struggling, suffering and sacrifice,heroic labor would suffice.
Peter S. Beagle|The writing of fantasy is best left to those who have nothing better to do, as is indicated by the fairy tales of otherwise gifted writers like Robert Graves and John Ciardi. It isn't so much the difficulty of doing it right, without falling off the tightrope into the cold pits of allegory or mindless whimsy‌—‌the weary thing is that even if you bring it off, all you've done is write a fantasy, and so what? Life is dangerous, and escapism has become a dirty word. I feel the same way, being a child of my own critical times. I'd write the other stuff, the real books, if I could. Plenty nitty-gritty. If I could.
Gustave Flaubert|Books aren’t made in the way that babies are: they are made like pyramids, There’s some long-pondered plan, and then great blocks of stone are placed one on top of the other, and it’s back-breaking, sweaty, time consuming work. And all to no purpose! It just stands like that in the desert! But it towers over it prodigiously. Jackals piss at the base of it, and bourgeois clamber to the top of it, etc. Continue this comparison.
Laurie Frankel, This is How It Always Is|I find myself making excuses for this kind of bullying behavior. Not everyone has been to college, learned trans 101, studied queer theory... But this is unfair to myself and other trans people. I've come to realize that understanding me isn't a matter of being an intellectual. Likewise, one doesn't have to be a radical to respect my feelings. Decent people consider how their comments affect others.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Bryce|Her eyes widened. "You showed them what you are?"	"Aye. We put on quite the show. Shifted from stone, played our unique blend of music, and then flew into the air when the concert was over.
Charlie Houpert|Adele doesn't need any ironic detachment. She can love and appreciate the talent of others without feeling threatened herself. This is often very hard for people. We usually worry that someone else's talent or success is being compared with our own so we take the role of a critic and evaluate people harshly in order to protect our own egos.People like Adele focus on what they like and they ignore the comparisons. Plus, they let the people around them know when they found something that they love about their work or their art.
paul viggiono|Properly understood, the doctrine of sin means that believers are never as good as our true worldview should make us. Similarly, the doctrine of grace means as messed up their false worldview should make them.
Mitch Rowland, Eternity's Redemption|The future is shaped by young people foolish enough to believe they can topple a mountain. And yet, when we stand among the rubble, we wonder why no one tried sooner.
Jalaluddin Rumi|That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful.
Holly Black, Red Glove|Magic gives you a lot of choices," Grandad says. "Most of them are bad.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education; dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with the pen?
Michel de Montaigne|If the world were a logical place, men would ride side saddle.
Peter Enns, The Sin of Certainty: Why God Desires Our Trust More Than Our "Correct" Beliefs|To love as God loves means loving not just others like us, but those who are not.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|The quality of life that you have is determined solely by the effort you put into giving your life value, purpose and a reason.
Alex Lifeson|I write seven days a week, starting at 4 o'clock in the morning, including Christmas.
M.J. Chrisman, The Remnant: The Legend of the Seer|It is you I foreknew and have predestined for such a time as this. Just as My heart has so eagerly chosen you, William Ore, you must also choose me.
Marshall Thornton, The Lies That Bind|I’m not as Catholic as I used to be. I find that I can’t believe in a God who would punish anyone for the way he made them. A God who punishes is something mankind created as a way to hurt and control one another. God isn’t like that. God is better than that, better than us.
Henry Miller, Sexus|We are accustomed to think of ourselves as a great democratic body, linked by common ties of blood and language, united indissolubly by all the modes of communication which the ingenuity of man can possibly devise; we wear the same clothes, eat the same diet, read the same newspapers, alike in everything but name, weight and number; we are the most collectivized people in the world, barring certain primitive peoples whom we consider backward in their development. And yet— yet despite all the outward evidences of being close-knit, interrelated, neighborly, good−humored, helpful, sympathetic, almost brotherly, we are a lonely people, a morbid, crazed herd thrashing about in zealous frenzy, trying to forget that we are not what we think we are, not really united, not really devoted to one another, not really listening, not really anything, just digits shuffled about by some unseen hand in a calculation which doesn't concern us.
Walt Whitman|Most people would say they love animals, but the reality is, if your using animals for food, clothing, or entertainment, you're only considering the lives of certain animals, typically those of cats and dogs.
Abhijit Naskar|Reality" is defined not as something that exists "out there" for the scientist or anyone else to discover but as a social construction that emerges from and is sustained by social interaction.
Jen Calonita, There's No Place Like Home|And the Lady's mate. Despite having only two legs and small fangs, there was much that was feline in that one, and he approved.
Alan Bradley, Thrice the Brinded Cat Hath Mew'd|As anybody with two older sisters can tell you, a closed door is like a red rag to a bull. It cannot go unchallenged.
Robert Dykstra, She Never Said Good-Bye|No pain, no gain." You can hear the phrase in the world of physical exercise and conditioning. Muscles that feel no pain are probably getting neither stronger, nor more flexible. It presents an analogy for the exercise of the heart. Those who run the risk of genuine love alone must worry about emotional pain. The more friends; the more good-byes - and the more wakes to attend, the more graves to visit, the more deaths to share. Those who truly live life to the fullest will bear the full cup of suffering. Only those who are willing to pay the price in pain and anguish find life full to the brim. Happy people also suffer; they are no more lucky than the rest. They create their own happiness. That's the rule of thumb.Some thumbs, however, don't seem to rule very well. Slogans and catch-words, for all their conventional wisdom, fail to carry the whole weight of truth; they leave too much room for false inferences. "No pain, no gain" may leave one with nothing but pain - an intolerable amount of it. There is simply no guarantee that pain will bring gain, that hardship will yield happiness, that suffering will make one a better person. It may; but it's not inevitable.
Steve Maraboli|When you get scared, embarrassed, angry, nervous, with full of emotion and bad thoughts, remember to maintain your discipline. It earns you respect the more.
Liz  Newman|Those who are difficult to love, are difficult to love because they have gone through difficult things which have made them the way they are. What you need to do is to forgive, what they need is your love.
George Mason|Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
Joel Paris, The Intelligent Clinician's Guide to the DSM-5|To become a fad, a psychiatric diagnosis requires 3 preconditions: a pressing need, an engaging story, and influential prophets. The pressing need arises from the fact that disturbed and disturbing kids are very often encountered in clinical, school, and correctional settings. They suffered and cause suffering to those around them—making themselves noticeable to families, doctors, and teachers. Everyone feels enormous pressure to do something. Previous diagnoses (especially conduct or oppositional disorder) provided little hope and no call to action. In contrast, a diagnosis or childhood Bipolar Disorder creates a justification for medication and for expanded school services. The medications have broad and nonspecific effects that are often helpful in reducing anger, even if the diagnosis is inaccurate.
Debasish Mridha|When you lift up others, you rise up together.
Taijun Takeda, This Outcast Generation and Luminous Moss|How strange that as I'm dying, you're calmly alive.
Scott Westerfeld|It is better to have ten skeletons in your closet, than walk with no bones.
Tara Kelly, Harmonic Feedback|Normal is an ideal. But it’s not reality. Reality is brutal, it’s beautiful, it’s every shade between black and white, and it’s magical. Yes, magical. Because every now and then, it turns nothing into something.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|The last thing we want to admit is that the forbidden fruit on which we have been gnawing since reaching the magic age of twenty-one is the same mealy Golden Delicious that we stuff into our children’s lunch boxes. The last thing we want to admit is that the bickering of the playground perfectly presages the machinations of the boardroom, that our social hierarchies are merely an extension of who got picked first for the kickball team, and that grown-ups still get divided into bullies and fatties and crybabies. What’s a kid to find out? Presumably we lord over them an exclusive deed to sex, but this pretense flies so fantastically in the face of fact that it must result from some conspiratorial group amnesia. […] In truth, we are bigger, greedier versions of the same eating, shitting, rutting ruck, hell-bent on disguising from somebody, if only from a three-year-old, that pretty much all we do is eat and shit and rut. The secret is there is no secret. That is what we really wish to keep from our kids, and its supression is the true collusion of adulthood, the pact we make, the Talmud we protect.
Dave Shepp|On the street below, the weather is calm. But up here, high winds threaten to topple the workers. A sudden gust can knock them from their footing with its sheer force or send a fatal vibration through the beams on which they stand. And yet the men joke, laugh, stroll across the foot-wide beams as though they are on solid ground. To the people on the sidewalk, tiny as ants below, the skywalkers appear entirely unafraid. A hundred years ago, their grandfathers and great-grandfathers built the skyscrapers and bridges that surround them.
Tiffany McDaniel, The Summer that Melted Everything|There is a philosophy by which many people live their lives, and it is this: life is a shit sandwich, but the more bread you've got, the less shit you have to eat.These people are often selfish brats as kids, and they don't get better with age: think of the shifty-eyed smarmy asshole from the sixth form who grow up to be a merchant banker, or an estate agent, or one of the Conservative Party funny-handshake mine's a Rolex brigade. (This isn't to say that all estate agents, or merchant bankers, or conservatives are selfish, but that these are ways of life that provide opportunities of a certain disposition to enrich themselves at the expense of others. Bear with me.)There is another philosophy by which people live their lives, and it goes thus: You will do as I say or I will hurt you.. . . Let me draw you a Venn diagram with two circles on it, denoting sets of individuals. They overlap: the greedy ones and the authoritarian ones. Let's shade in the intersecting area in a different color and label it: dangerous. Greed isn't automatically dangerous on its won, and petty authoritarians aren't usually dangerous outside their immediate vicinity -- but when you combine the two, you get gangsters and dictators and hate-spewing preachers.
May Sarton|We must trust to nothing but facts: these are presented to us by nature and cannot deceive. We ought, in every instance, to submit our reasoning to the test of experiment, and never to search for truth but by the natural road of experiment and observation.
Thomas Metzinger, The Ego Tunnel: The Science of the Mind and the Myth of the Self|However, questions arise. Are there people who aren't naive realists, or special situations in which naive realism disappears? My theory—the self-model theory of subjectivity—predicts that as soon as a conscious representation becomes opaque (that is, as soon as we experience it as a representation), we lose naive realism. Consciousness without naive realism does exist. This happens whenever, with the help of other, second-order representations, we become aware of the construction process—of all the ambiguities and dynamical stages preceding the stable state that emerges at the end. When the window is dirty or cracked, we immediately realize that conscious perception is only an interface, and we become aware of the medium itself. We doubt that our sensory organs are working properly. We doubt the existence of whatever it is we are seeing or feeling, and we realize that the medium itself is fallible. In short, if the book in your hands lost its transparency, you would experience it as a state of your mind rather than as an element of the outside world. You would immediately doubt its independent existence. It would be more like a book-thought than a book-perception. Precisely this happens in various situations—for example, In visual hallucinations during which the patient is aware of hallucinating, or in ordinary optical illusions when we suddenly become aware that we are not in immediate contact with reality. Normally, such experiences make us think something is wrong with our eyes. If you could consciously experience earlier processing stages of the representation of the book In your hands, the image would probably become unstable and ambiguous; it would start to breathe and move slightly. Its surface would become iridescent, shining in different colors at the same time. Immediately you would ask yourself whether this could be a dream, whether there was something wrong with your eyes, whether someone had mixed a potent hallucinogen into your drink. A segment of the wall of the Ego Tunnel would have lost its transparency, and the self-constructed nature of the overall flow of experience would dawn on you. In a nonconceptual and entirely nontheoretical way, you would suddenly gain a deeper understanding of the fact that this world, at this very moment, only appears to you.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|A little white woman, . . . [a] tiny little white woman I could fit in my pocket.’ . . . ‘And I don’t know why I’m surprised. You don’t even notice it – you never notice. You think it’s normal. Everywhere we go, I’m alone in this… this sea of white. I barely know any black folk any more, Howie. My whole life is white. I don’t see any black folk unless they be cleaning under my feet in the fucking café in your fucking college. Or pushing a fucking hospital bed through a corridor . . . ‘I gave up my life for you. I don’t even know who I am any more.’ . . . ‘Could you have found anybody less like me if you’d scoured the earth? . . . My leg weighs more than that woman. What have you made me look like in front of everybody in this town? You married a big black bitch and you run off with a fucking leprechaun?
Neil Gaiman|There's a thing that happens in Hollywood, when you hand in a script with magic in it, and the people at the studio who read it say "We don't quite understand... can you explain the rules? What are the rules here? The magic must have rules" and sometimes when they say that to me I explain that I am sure it does, just as life has rules, but they didn't give me a rule book to life when I was born, and I've been trying to figure it out as I go along, and I am sure it is the same thing for magic; and sometimes I explain that, yes, the magic has rules, and if they read again carefully they can figure out what they are; and sometimes I sigh and put in a line here and a line there that spells things out, says, YES THESE ARE THE RULES YOU DON'T ACTUALLY HAVE TO PAY ATTENTION and then everyone is very happy.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|Christians must show that misery fits the good for heaven, while happiness prepares the bad for hell; that the wicked get all their good things in this life, and the good all their evil; that in this world God punishes the people he loves, and in the next, the ones he hates; that happiness makes us bad here, but not in heaven; that pain makes us good here, but not in hell. No matter how absurd these things may appear to the carnal mind, they must be preached and they must be believed. If they were reasonable, there would be no virtue in believing. Even the publicans and sinners believe reasonable things. To believe without evidence, or in spite of it, is accounted as righteousness to the sincere and humble christian.In short, Christians are expected to denounce all pleasant paths and rustling trees, to curse the grass and flowers, and glorify the dust and weeds. They are expected to malign the wicked people in the green and happy fields, who sit and laugh beside the gurgling springs or climb the hills and wander as they will. They are expected to point out the dangers of freedom, the safety of implicit obedience, and to show the wickedness of philosophy, the goodness of faith, the immorality of science and the purity of ignorance.
Jazz Feylynn|Few people...have had much training in listening. The training of most oververbalized professional intellectuals is in the opposite direction. Living in a competitive culture, most of us are most of the time chiefly concerned with getting our own views across, and we tend to find other people's speeches a tedious interruption of the flow of our own ideas.
Anthony T. Hincks|I long for acceptance, but all I get is rejection.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|If chasing a pipe dream means securing our freedom, then so be it.
Lydia Lunch|There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives.
Lisa Scottoline, Every Fifteen Minutes|A person without her or his own truth ain't a person at all, Ida said. Anybody who tells you different—is a jackass, and no longer deserves to be called human being.
Martin O'Malley|I am much more open about categories of gender, and my feminism has been about women's safety from violence, increased literacy, decreased poverty and more equality.
Fawn Bonning, The Leader of Lors|Beyond the window, a breeze gently gusted―and she heard it―ever so softly, just beyond the panes. Like a forlorn lover, dark waters were wooing her, a wily whispering, gently insistent―Chrissstaaa…Chrisssstaaaaa…
China Miéville, Kraken|Here I stand, so help me God, I can do no other. With the greater consciousness of the issues involved comes a lesser assurance that an alternative is possible.
K.M. Shea, My Life at the M.B.R.C.|Chance dug deep into the dirt, his front end rising like a speed boat accelerating through water. I grabbed the saddle horn, surprised by his enthusiasm, but I was just as anxious to run as he was. I gave him the reins to go.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|I hope you will go out and let stories, that is life, happen to you, and that you will work with these stories... water them with your blood and tears and your laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom.
Chetan Bhagat|I m human, I m not perfect. Although, I make mistakes all the time.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Stop fishing for deep sea perch in a pond, because when you reel in gold fish, you’ll only end up disappointed. In time the thrill of catching will wear off, and then you’ll realise it’s not the deep sea dwelling creature you were truly after.See when your own depths match that of the ocean, you will eventually need to accept that no pond can fill you.
John Bellairs, The Face in the Frost|Nahum bobbed again. 'My crest is cropped by croaking cranes. I go to drown in doleful dumps, dead-drunk with drearihead.
Kristin S. Kaufman, Is This Seat Taken?: Random Encounters That Change Your Life|Our world is moving so fast and we are apt to miss so much of what is happening "right now." If we can put down our smart phones for one moment and be present to what is around us, I believe these incidental meetings and strangers who come into our lives can give us unexpected fortitude, perspective and even wisdom just when we need them the most - if we are just awake, aware and open to these new insights.
Kate Moss|There's a time and place for everything. You're younger, you might want to go to clubs and kick it, but as you get older, you start seeing that life has more meaning to it. The people that you love are the people you want to start trusting and start wanting them to trust you and start respecting them.
Balajinnatha Pandita, Specific Principles of Kashmir Saivism|Controlling the position of one's body and keeping a straight back are not contemplation, but can in fact become an obstacle to contemplation. ...when leaving the body 'uncontrolled' is spoken of, what is meant is simply allowing the body to remain in an authentic, uncorrected condition, in which it is not necessary to modify or improve anything. This is because, since all our attempts at correcting the body come from the reasoning mind, they are all false and artificial.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|How people themselves perceive what they are doing is not a question that interests me. I mean, there are very few people who are going to look into the mirror and say, 'That person I see is a savage monster'; instead, they make up some construction that justifies what they do. If you ask the CEO of some major corporation what he does he will say, in all honesty, that he is slaving 20 hours a day to provide his customers with the best goods or services he can and creating the best possible working conditions for his employees. But then you take a look at what the corporation does, the effect of its legal structure, the vast inequalities in pay and conditions, and you see the reality is something far different.
Amit Ray|Indifferent people are afraid of the world and the repercussions of their own choices. That’s why they don’t make any meaningful choices. They hide in a gray, emotionless pit of their own making, self-absorbed and self-pitying, perpetually distracting themselves from this unfortunate thing demanding their time and energy called life.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|Then you never really feel comfortable around most people. Especially your family, who probably never seemed to understand you. But as you grow up you find others like yourself, people who support you, embrace your weirdness, and love for who you are - and they become your new family." - Tara
W. Scott Lineberry|The healing is my working out my salvation. The need constant because my desire for seperateness constantly wrestles with my need for oneness with Jesus. The search for Jesus is bigger, deeper and agonizing.
Timothy C. Draper|I'm no online whiz, but I'm not a Luddite, either. I love that we have these laptops and tablets and smart phones; they're awesome and convenient and all that. It's more about maintaining balance. Technology should always be a predicate of the true subject: our individual humanity, our examined lives.
W.Y. Evans-Wentz, The Tibetan Book of the Dead or The After-death Experiences on the Bardo Plane|Our past thinking has determined our present status, and our present thinking will determine our future status; for man is what man thinks.
Renee Dumont, Fixing My Fattening Life: An Inspiring True Story of Success and Everything You Need to Know to Lose Weight Without Stress|If exercise was sold in the pill form, it would be the number pill sold throughout the world because the benefits are endless.
Wolfgang Pauli, Writings on Physics and Philosophy|The measured magnetic moment, together with fine structure constant determined by a different method, is the most stringent test of QED and the Standard Model of particle physics. The measured magnetic moment and QED theory together yield the most precise measured value of the fine structure constant.
Douglas Gillette, Warrior Within: Accessing the Knight in the Male Psyche|After years of research, depth psychologists and others argue that each sex carries both the psychological and physical traits of the other. No man is purely masculine, just as there is no purely feminine woman. Jungian psychologists call the feminine characteristics of the male psyche the Anima; the female psyche's masculine characteristics they the Animus.  Both the Animus and Anima develop in complex fashion as the personality grows to maturity. Neither men nor women can reach psychological maturity without integrating their respective contrasexual other. A man's female elements enhance his manhood, just as a woman's male aspects enhance her womanhood.
Jami Brumfield, Lone Wolf Rising|No, really," I said. "Now that we know that Flores is really this nasty, fiery, superpowerful nothing-can-kill-me demon from hell, maybe we should consider just giving Christy to him?
Steve Largent|The intersection of law, politics, and technology is going to force a lot of good thinking.
G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World|We will not run," Paul said. "We'll move with dignity. We'll do what must be done.
Erin McCahan, Love and Other Foreign Words|I realize you're planning on fighting all the dragons single-handedly-""I'm going to protect you from John, dammit. Show him that he can't fucking mess with you. This is about territory."Tom narrowed his eyes. "Are you going to piss a circle around me too?""If that's what it takes.
A.J. Waines, Dark Place to Hide|I wake and in those first fuddled moments forget you’re not here. I must have been dreaming about you – a tense, erotic dream. I reach out in bed to the place your body should be. It’s cold and there is no hollow. Even the bed is forgetting you.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Nobody likes having a problem, but having a convoluted, bureaucratic one is even more galling.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|I needed something to distract me-anything far away from my parents’ drama-just for a second. And when I saw my chance I didn’t stop to think about how much I’d regret it later. An opportunity sat on the bar stool beside me, and I lunged at it. Literally.I kissed Wesley Rush.One second his hand lay on my shoulder, and his gray eyes rested, for once, on my face, and the next my mouth was on his. My lips were fierce with bottled emotion, and he seemed to tense, his body frozen in shock. That didn’t last very long. An instant later, he returned the aggression, his hands flying to my sides and pulling me toward him. It felt like a battle between our mouths. My hands clawed into his curly hair, tugging it way harder than necessary, and his fingertips dug into my waist.It worked better than punching someone would have. Not only did it help me release the agonizing pressure, but it definitely distracted me. I mean, it’s hard to think about your dad when you’re making out with somebody.And as disturbing as it sounds, Wesley was a really good kisser. He leaned into me, and I tugged at him so hard that he nearly fell off his bar stool. In that moment, we just couldn’t get close enough to each other. Our separate seats seemed like they were miles apart.All of my thoughts vanished, and I became a sort of physical being. Emotions disappeared. Nothing existed but our bodies, and our warring lips were at the center of everything. It was bliss! It was amazing not to think.Nothing! Nothing… until he screwed it up.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|I tell you hopeless grief is passionless,That only men incredulous of despair,Half-taught in anguish, through the midnight airBeat upward to God’s throne in loud accessOf shrieking and reproach. Full desertnessIn souls, as countries, lieth silent-bareUnder the blanching, vertical eye-glareOf the absolute heavens. Deep-hearted man, expressGrief for thy dead in silence like to death— Most like a monumental statue setIn everlasting watch and moveless woeTill itself crumble to the dust beneath.Touch it; the marble eyelids are not wet;If it could weep, it could arise and go.
Zen koan|Darkness is the natural state of the universe. Light, fleeting, comforting as it may be, may stretch to the very edges of all we know. Yet once it is gone, the darkness always remains.
Iain Sinclair|If we take the widest and wisest view of a Cause, there is no such thing as a Lost Cause because there is no such thing as a Gained Cause. We fight for lost causes because we know that our defeat and dismay may be the preface to our successors’ victory, though that victory itself will be temporary; we fight rather to keep something alive than in the expectation that anything will triumph.
Frederick S. Leahy, The Cross He Bore: Meditations on the Sufferings of the Redeemer|Lord, forgive us for the times we have read about Gethsemane with dry eyes.
Eileen Anglin|You can't get rid of fear, you must learn to move through it.Know that deep in your soul, that fear is just a door to a room filled with something so big, so important, so life changing, that it scares you a little.
J.R. Tompkins, Price of the Child|Ever since the beginning of the middle-class era, with its faith in progress, belief in progress has dominated the upbringing of children too. Childhood now came to be understood only as the preliminary stage on the way to the full personhood of the adult… Every lived moment has an eternal significance and already constitutes a fulfilled life. For fulfilled life is not measured by the number of years that have been lived through, or spent in one way or another. It is measured according to the depth of lived experience.
Gautama Buddha|How blissful it is, for one who has nothing. Attainers-of-wisdom are people with nothing. See him suffering, one who has something, a person bound in mind with people.
Danica McKellar|You know, one of my biggest dreams in life is to play a Disney princess.
Kathleen Jamie, Sightlines|Greek customs such as wine drinking were regarded as worthy of imitation by other cultures. So the ships that carried Greek wine were carrying Greek civilization, distributing it around the Mediterranean and beyond, one amphora at a time. Wine displaced beer to become the most civilized and sophisticated of drinks—a status it has maintained ever since, thanks to its association with the intellectual achievements of Ancient Greece.
Wilma Mankiller, Every Day Is a Good Day: Reflections by Contemporary Indigenous Women|For years, I declined to fill in the form for my Senate press credential that asked me to state my 'race,' unless I was permitted to put 'human.' The form had to be completed under penalty of perjury, so I could not in conscience put 'white,' which is not even a color let alone a 'race,' and I sternly declined to put 'Caucasian,' which is an exploded term from a discredited ethnology. Surely the essential and unarguable core of King's campaign was the insistence that pigmentation was a false measure: a false measure of mankind (yes, mankind) and an inheritance from a time of great ignorance and stupidity and cruelty, when one drop of blood could make you 'black.
Anamika Mishra|There is always another way, make sure you look in all directions before deciding to give up
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|These new gurus even wrote text about what it was they were teaching, but the true meaning, power and role of the Law of Attraction was shrouded by the need for these new gurus to expunge payment for what they now offered.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|Coffee, she'd discovered, was tied to all sorts of memories, different for each person. Sunday mornings, friendly get-togethers, a favorite grandfather long since gone, the AA meeting that saved their life. Coffee meant something to people. Most found their lives were miserable without it. Coffee was a lot like love that way. And because Rachel believed in love, she believed in coffee, too.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone With the Wind|A new baby! Why, Scarlett, this is a surprise!” he laughed, leaning down to push the blanket away from Ella Lorena's small ugly face." - Rhett Butler
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life has me trapped in a cocoon of earth where I must grow and change until the day I sprout wings. And on that day I shall burst free, no longer marooned on a pebble of dust in a universe that only waits for me to find a means to fly.
Aristotle, Politics|Neither should we forget the mean, which at the present day is lost sight of in perverted forms of government; for many practices which appear to be democratical are the ruin of democracies, and many which appear to be oligarchical are the ruin of oligarchies. Those who think that all virtue is to be found in their own party principles push matters to extremes; they do not consider that disproportion destroys a state.
Viktor E. Frankl|The incurable sufferer is given very little opportunity to be proud of his suffering and to consider it ennobling rather than degrading" so that "he is not only unhappy, but also ashamed of being unhappy.
Cynthia Weil|Rocks and waters, etc., are words of God, and so are men. We all flow from one fountain Soul. All are expressions of one Love.
Vironika Tugaleva|When we suffer in silence, we think that we are alone, different, separate. When we share our stories of suffering, we find that we are the same.
M.F. Moonzajer|There's a clock on the wall. Press your hand against the face and turn it very slightly to the. Left. There'll be a click to tell you it's done.""Sounds easy enough.""Yes it does," said Sanguine. "Kiss for good luck?""Maybe later," said Gracious."How about a handshake?" Asked Donegan.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|When Sally stopped crying, she found herself alone, the cold draft of the window at her neck, and on both sides, the rows of doors went on and on, diminishing to nothing, the end. 'What fun it is to ride and sing a sleighing song tonight, oh.' What glories.Mathilde came. And though she appeared to be the... same sweet girl Sally had been afraid of, she was not. Sally saw the flint in her. Mathilde can save Lotto from his own laziness, Sally thought. But here they were, a year later, and he was still ordinary. The chorus caught in her throat. A stranger hurrying as fast as he could over the icy sidewalks looked in. He saw a circle of singing people bathed in the clean, white light from a tree, and his heart did a soumersault. And the image stayed with him, it merged with him even as he came home to his own children, who were already asleep in their beds, to his wife crossly putting together the tricycle without the screwdriver he'd run out to borrow. It remained long after his children ripped open their gifts and abandoned their toys and puddles of paper and grew too old for them and left their house and parents and childhoods, so that he and his wife gaped at each other in bewilderment as to how it had happened so terribly swiftly. All those years, the singers in the soft light in the basement apartment crystalized in his mind, became the very idea of what happiness should look like.
lielabell, Mating Habits of the Domesticated North American Werewolf|Vera had not sensed my approach. She was peering into the instrument and turning knobs with child-like seriousness and ineptitude. It was obvious that she had never used a microscope before. I stole closer to her, and then I said, "Boo!"She jerked her head away from the eyepiece."Hello," I said."You scared me to death," she said."Sorry," I said, and I laughed.These ancient games go on and on. It's nice they do.
Said Nursi|My dad had this philosophy that if you tell children they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be. So I never thought I was unattractive. But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends.
Debasish Mridha|In the morning, a cup of love, kindness and sunshine make my day bright and happy.
Josh Dun|After talking to people and meeting them every day, I realize that a song can be written from one perspective with an objective in mind. What is crazy about it is that many different people can take one song a totally different way. That is so cool, since music is a universal thing and a very personal thing.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single ladies, the only thing we need to be rescued from is the notion that we need to be rescued.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|After a stressful event, we often crave comfort food. Our body is calling for more glucose and simple carbohydrates and fat... And in modern life, people tend to have fewer friends and less support, because there's no tribe. Being alone is not good for the brain.
Tarun Shanker, These Vicious Masks|Do you act the same in society as you do in private? Do you speak to everyone the same way?""No, no quite," I replied, wincing. "Of course. No one does. You put on one disguise for society. You put on another for your sister. For your parents. Your customer the other night." I felt my face warm. "But what about in private? Anyone can be themselves then without--ah! Ow!-- without putting on an act." “We do not remain the same each minute to the next. Every word you hear, every sight you see, every smell, every thought you have, every moment—it all changes you. We keep putting on mask after mask, layers over layers. That’s how one grows.
Aaliyah|I love the sad songs with their maudlin, self-deprecating, almost funny lyrics. As an Englishman, they make a lot of sense.
Anoop Raghav|it seems politicians projected the powerful brand called Ambedkar, rather than his ideologies. Like the ad says 'name is enough.
Tim Cook|I watched Titanic when I got back home from the hospital, and cried. I knew that my IQ had been damaged.
Simon Cowell|I may have managed to build a successful technology startup that had gone public by the time my three kids hit their 13th birthdays, but don't think that bought my wife and me any special respect from our teenagers.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Few seem to be able to eat a turkey leg at Disneyland without splattering tsunami scale grease, so grab plenty of napkins or wear a bib, tablecloth or scuba suit.
Claudine Carmel, Lucy Lick-Me-Not and the Greedy Gubbins: A Christmas Story|Can you handle it?"	"Hell yeah."	"I mean..." Tom glanced around the tavern where pack members filled nearly every chair at the wooden tables. The room was humming with conversation. He leaned forward. "Because of the ghosts."	"That don't exist."	"Right."	"Yeah, I can handle it.
Zafon Ruiz C.|Ray was always of the opinion that a handful was more than enough. Anything else just tends to sag, once it’s out of a bra.
Voltaire|What is uttered from the heart alone, Will win the hearts of others to your own.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|The goal of argumentation is to make a case so forceful (note the metaphor) that skeptics are coerced into believing it—they are powerless to deny it while still claiming to be rational. In principle, it is the ideas themselves that are, as we say, compelling, but their champions are not always averse to helping the ideas along with tactics of verbal dominance, among them intimidation (“Clearly . . .”), threat (“It would be unscientific to . . .”), authority (“As Popper showed . . .”), insult (“This work lacks the necessary rigor for . . .”), and belittling (“Few people today seriously believe that . . .”). Perhaps this is why H. L. Mencken wrote that “college football would be more interesting if the faculty played instead of the students.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Dragon Heir|When you wake up with a song stuck in your head, it means an angel sang you to sleep.
Pedro Okoro, The Ultimate Guide to Spiritual Warfare: Learn to Fight from Victory, Not for Victory!|No matter how long your night may have been, as the earth remains, your morning will definitely come.
David Farland, The Wizard of Ooze|Persons of genius, it is true, are, and are always likely to be, a small minority; but in order to have them, it is necessary to preserve the soil in which they grow.
Kevin J.  Donaldson|What’s the best home-based business opportunity in the world today? Without a doubt, it’s network marketing. Like it or hate it, network marketing has created more millionaires than any other industry in history. There’s just one problem — it can be hard if you’re not used to it!
Kitty Thomas, The Auction|Weren't you wearing a purity ring when we got here? Aren't you supposed to be saving yourself?" Shanti asked. "Yeah," Mary Lou answered. "And then I thought, for what? You save leftovers. My sex is not a leftover, and it is not a Christmas present.
Elmore Leonard|I'm very much aware in the writing of dialogue, or even in the narrative too, of a rhythm. There has to be a rhythm with it … Interviewers have said, you like jazz, don’t you? Because we can hear it in your writing. And I thought that was a compliment.
Carrie Ryan, The Forest of Hands and Teeth|Friends we shall never be, you know that yourself. Whether we shall be the happiest or the wretchedest of people--that's in your hands.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|No cop on earth would call his badge a government identification document. Cops don’t work for the government. Not in their minds. They work for their department. For each other. For the whole worldwide brotherhood. For the city, just maybe, at the very best. But not the government. They hate the government. The government is their worst enemy, at every level. National, county, local, no one understands cops and everyone makes their lives more and more miserable with an endless stream of bullshit. A cop wouldn’t use the word.
Bruce R. McConkie|All who believe and obey the glorious gospel of God, all who are true and faithful and overcome the world, all who suffer for Christ and his word, all who are chastened and scourged in the Cause of him whose we are—all shall become as their Maker and sit with him on his throne and reign with him forever in everlasting glory.
Nirav Sanchaniya|Touch my song with your lips, make it immortal,be my beloved, make my love immortal.No restriction of age, not the bond of lives,when someone love should see only the soul,by carving new trend, make the trend immortal.Loneliness of the sky is in my lone heart,with rattleing paayal enter into my life,by giving own breaths make the music immortalmake the music immortal, make my song immortal.World snatched from me, whatever was beloved to me,all won from me, I lost at every moment,by losing your heart you make my victory immortal.written By "Honthon Se Chhoo Lo Tum - Jagjit Singh
Siobhan Vivian, Not That Kind of Girl|It's as if our girls don't understand that they can be recognized for other things--their goals, their brains. Not just their bodies.
Chris Arnold|Think of yourself as a brand. You need to be remembered. What will they remember you for? What defines you? If you have it in you, do something that defines you. Invent something, develop a unique skill, get noticed for something — it creates a talking point.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Tides of Destiny|You’re not touching us,’” Eve said, and raised her voice. “Shane! Shane, get your ass up here now!’”There was a touch of panic in her voice, although she was putting on a good front. Her hands were shaking where they gripped the hockey stick.The man glided around the end of the bed, prowling like a cat. Six feet tall, at least, and as broad as two of Eve, maybe bigger. His bare arms were ripped with muscle. His blue eyes looked shallow and hungry.Claire heard the thump of footsteps outside, and then a bang as Shane fetched up against the locked door. He rattled the knob and pounded hard. “Eve! Eve, open up!’”“She’s busy!’” the biker yelled, and laughed. “Oh yeah, gonna be real busy.’”“No!’” Shane screamed it, and the door shook with the strength of the blows he put into it. “Stay away from them!
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World|Wealth should never be your goal in life. True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse.
S.K. Logsdon, Stricken Unveiled|That was some powerful shit. Like mind and pussy-numbing, fuckilepsy inducing, reproductive organ-exploding powerful. You really are some kind of flogger wielding sex God.
Charlie Sheen|I have no plans, and no plans to plan.
R.L. Mathewson, Playing for Keeps|She was the most precious thing in the world to him. So beautiful, so sweet, so giving and too damn good for him, but he was a selfish bastard and wouldn't let her go.
Noam Chomsky|Revenge and retaliation always perpetuate the cycle of anger, fear and violence.
Albert Camus|Truth is a thing immortal and perpetual, and it gives to us a beauty that fades not away in time.
Idowu Ayodeji|Learn to always trust God in all situation,learn to forgive those who wrong u in order to receive your daily bread from God
Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy, Out of Revolution: Autobiography of Western Man|The men stop coming after Hunt goes missing. We learned from the last brave soul to visit that they whispered all sorts of stories to answer his disappearance. My favorite is that we ate him. We cooked him up with our whore-earned corn, a dozen rats’ eyes, and a bat wing. Even I couldn’t have thought of anything more perfect.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|The only thing I can recall is that it rained all day and all night, and that when I asked my father whether heaven was crying, he couldn't bring himself to reply. Six years later my mother's absence remained in the air around us, a deafening silence that I had not yet learned to stifle with words.
Flynn Meaney, The Boy Recession|I'm going to put the moves on her,' he says gravely. 'Things might get weird.' He says it like a commando setting up a midnight raid. Like: Sure, this is going to be extraordinarily dangerous, but don't worry. I've done it before.
Harry Connick, Jr.|I find short, fast romances romantic. There's a beauty to dark imagery.
Eve Ensler|Life is one long decay, no? There's a lot of beauty in it. Like the patina in an old city.
Kristin Hannah, Summer Island|Most girls recently out of finishing school are like soufflés: puffed up, not very substantial inside, and prone to collapsing at the slightest provocation.
Jonathan Culver|I think it is the duty of all human beings, as intelligent and communicative beings, to learn all the ideas thought up before ours and use them as a means to think up new ones.
Perry G. Downs, Teaching for Spiritual Growth: An Introduction to Christian Education|Helping people to know God and to be obedient to him is perhaps the greatest gift we can bestow. Understood in this way, Christian education can be be one of the most compassionate ministries of the church.
Anthony Lewis|Our forefathers got it; they got it, man. They took godly principles and they put them into action, and they developed our Constitution - the land of freedom where each man is accountable and responsible for his actions.
bell hooks, The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity, and Love|What the world needs now is liberated men who have the qualities Silverstein cites, men who are 'empathetic and strong, autonomous and connected, responsible to self, to family and friends, to society, and capable of understanding how those responsibilities are, ultimately, inseparable.' Men need feminist thinking. It it the theory that supports their spiritual evolution and their shift away from the patriarchal model. Patriarchy is destroying the well-being of men, taking their lives daily.
Magda Alexander, Storm Damages|His rough-pad fingers travel down my throat, across my collarbone, down the swell of my chest, a simple caress which has me quaking inside. My flesh aches for him, burns for his touch.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|The bad things, don't do them.The good things, try to do them.Try to purify, subdue your own mind.That is the teaching of all buddhas.
Guy Gavriel Kay|I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.
Primo Levi, The Drowned and the Saved|The memories which lie within us are not carved in stone; not only do they tend to becomeerased as the years go by, but often they change, or even grow, by incorporating extraneous features. Judges know this very well: almost never do two eyewitnesses of the same event describe it in the same way and with the same words, even if the event is recent and if neither of them has a personal interest in distorting it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The road ahead is not some predetermined path that I am forced to trod, but it is a rich byway that I can help create.
Kunal Narayan Uniyal|Staying away from news channels, print, and social media makes one realize, that the world actually is a beautiful place to live.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If Jesus had not risen from the dead, no right-minded person would have glorified anything so hideous and repulsive as a cross stained with the blood of Jesus . . .An unopened grave would never have opened heaven.
Queen Elizabeth II|Ronald Reagan will be remembered for leading the United States during a time of tremendous international transition - the demise of the Soviet Union, the Berlin Wall coming down, and the end of the Cold War.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Take distinct steps and exploits. Those who are distinct and distinguished always score distinction. Go there, be there and stay there.
Johannes Brahms|I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|I venture to say Kierkegaard meant that truth has lost its force with us and horrible pain and evil must teach it to us again, the eternal punishments of Hell will have to regain their reality before mankind turns serious once more. I do not see this. Let us set aside the fact that such convictions in the mouths of safe, comfortable people playing at crisis, alienation, apocalypse and desperation, make me sick. We must get it out of our heads that this is a doomed time, that we are waiting for the end, and th rest of it, mere junk from fashionable magazines. Things are grim enough without these shivery games. People frightening one another--a poor sort of moral exercise. But, to get to the main point, the advocacy and praise of suffering take us in the wrong direction and those of us who remain loyal to civilization must not go for it. You have to have the power to employ pain, to repent, to be illuminated, you must have the opportunity and even the time.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|The quickest way to stop noticing something, may be to buy it—just as the quickest way to stop appreciating someone may be to marry him or her.
Nick Hornby, How to Be Good|The difference between sex with David and sex with Stephen is like the difference between science and art. With Stephen it's all empathy and imagination and exploration and the shock of the new, and the outcome is... uncertain, if you know what I mean. I'm engaged by it, but I', mot necessarily sure what its all about. David, on the other hand, presses this button, then that one, and bingo! It's like operating a lift - just as romantic, but actually just as useful.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|How strange that something so simple could have been instrumental in my decision to ruin one of my most relationships and friendships, and damage another.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|And then a memory from Avalon surfaced in her mind, something she had not thought of for a decade; one of the Druids, giving instruction in the secret wisdom to the young priestesses, had said, If you would have the message of the Gods to direct your life, look for that which repeats, again and again; for this is the message given you by the Gods, the karmic lesson you must learn for this incarnation. It comes again and again until you have made it part of your soul and your enduring spirit.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If you take a stand [for God] and mean it, you may suffer persecution. Some of your friends will drift away. They don’t want to be with people like you. You speak to their conscience. They feel uncomfortable in your presence because you live for God.
Lois Lowry|Success never goes on sale, but most spend their whole life dickering over the cost, never making the purchase.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Those who lie and cheat, but do not believe what they are doing to be wrong, may be living according to ethical standards. They may believe, for any of a number of possible reasons, that it is right to lie, cheat, steal and so on. They are not living according to conventional ethical standards, but they may be living according to some other ethical standards.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Action is the activity of the rational soul, which abhors irrationality and must combat it or be corrupted by it. When it sees the irrationality of others, it must seek to correct it, and can do this either by teaching or engaging in public affairs itself, correcting through its practice. And the purpose of action is to enable philosophy to continue, for if men are reduced to the material alone, they become no more than beasts.
Santosh Kumar Pyasa|The Truly wasting our personal time is:"Caring About the things; we always says " We don't Care About.
Flannery O'Connor, Everything That Rises Must Converge: Stories|She had observed that the more education they got, the less they could do. Their father had gone to a one-room schoolhouse through the eighth grade and he could do anything.
Tucker Max|The general intellectual level of South Florida is somewhere just above "functionally retarded".
Dirk Benedict|I have to express sympathy from the bottom of my heart to those people who were taken as wartime comfort women. As a human being, I would like to express my sympathies, and also as prime minister of Japan I need to apologize to them.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|A thing can be true and still be desperate folly, Hazel.
Lisa Brown Roberts, How (Not) to Fall in Love|No, I'm not one of those guys. I'd never get anything done if I rescued everyone who needed it. But I do like to help people I care about. That's why I'm here with you right now.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Take it one step at a time—inarguably wise advice. And yet we all take a running leap, hoping the wind will catch us on its wings and lift us clear to the top of the beanstalk. Those few Jacks who have reached new heights in this manner inevitably wish they had taken more time to prepare for the overbearing giant who greeted them.
Criss Jami|Peace ought not be regarded the height of civilization, else like barbarians we forever battle for peace.
Christina Engela, Prodigal Sun|The last great escape. I was done gambling, done betting on a ship that would never come in. I would cash in my chips while I was ahead. I didn't want to suffer the growing old, didn't want to wait until my memory went. It was all so tiresome. I would just go out in a blaze of glory before the parasites of sadness got at me and made me bitter. After that's the American way: take your own life before everything else takes it from you.
Andrew Peterson|The burden God places on each of us is to become who we are meant to be. We are most fully ourselves when Christ most fully lives in us and through us. The mother shines brightest with her child in her arms, the father when he forgives his wandering son, and the artist when he or she is drawing attention to grace, by showing the pinprick of light overcoming the darkness in the painting, or the story, or the song. The world knows darkness. Christ came into the world to show us light. I have seen it, have been blinded by it, invaded by it. I will tell its story.
Auliq Ice|90% of what we do daily is not what we think, it's just driven by our desires and not potentials.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|She didn’t see me because of the reflection on the store windows, and she wouldn’t know me in this car anyway. In fact, she probably wouldn’t know me with shaggy hair and the beginnings of a beard. So I sat for a minute, watching her dusting bookshelves, either talking to herself or singing. Her feather duster had become a prop in whatever scene she had going. She looked heart-stoppingly, breathtakingly beautiful, my Meg.
Brett Armstrong|If fiction and fantasy books are escapism, then let an author write them so as to better equip the reader to face reality by the end.
Sarah Kay|If I should have a daughter…“Instead of “Mom”, she’s gonna call me “Point B.” Because that way, she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me. And I’m going to paint the solar system on the back of her hands so that she has to learn the entire universe before she can say “Oh, I know that like the back of my hand.”She’s gonna learn that this life will hit you, hard, in the face, wait for you to get back up so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air. There is hurt, here, that cannot be fixed by band-aids or poetry, so the first time she realizes that Wonder-woman isn’t coming, I’ll make sure she knows she doesn’t have to wear the cape all by herself. Because no matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will always be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal. Believe me, I’ve tried.And “Baby,” I’ll tell her “don’t keep your nose up in the air like that, I know that trick, you’re just smelling for smoke so you can follow the trail back to a burning house so you can find the boy who lost everything in the fire to see if you can save him. Or else, find the boy who lit the fire in the first place to see if you can change him.”But I know that she will anyway, so instead I’ll always keep an extra supply of chocolate and rain boats nearby, ‘cause there is no heartbreak that chocolate can’t fix. Okay, there’s a few heartbreaks chocolate can’t fix. But that’s what the rain boots are for, because rain will wash away everything if you let it.I want her to see the world through the underside of a glass bottom boat, to look through a magnifying glass at the galaxies that exist on the pin point of a human mind. Because that’s how my mom taught me. That there’ll be days like this, “There’ll be days like this my momma said” when you open your hands to catch and wind up with only blisters and bruises. When you step out of the phone booth and try to fly and the very people you wanna save are the ones standing on your cape. When your boots will fill with rain and you’ll be up to your knees in disappointment and those are the very days you have all the more reason to say “thank you,” ‘cause there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline no matter how many times it’s sent away.You will put the “wind” in win some lose some, you will put the “star” in starting over and over, and no matter how many land mines erupt in a minute be sure your mind lands on the beauty of this funny place called life.And yes, on a scale from one to over-trusting I am pretty damn naive but I want her to know that this world is made out of sugar. It can crumble so easily but don’t be afraid to stick your tongue out and taste it.“Baby,” I’ll tell her “remember your mama is a worrier but your papa is a warrior and you are the girl with small hands and big eyes who never stops asking for more.”Remember that good things come in threes and so do bad things and always apologize when you’ve done something wrong but don’t you ever apologize for the way your eyes refuse to stop shining.Your voice is small but don’t ever stop singing and when they finally hand you heartbreak, slip hatred and war under your doorstep and hand you hand-outs on street corners of cynicism and defeat, you tell them that they really ought to meet your mother.
Mahatma Gandhi, The Wit and Wisdom of Gandhi|If we are to make progress, we must not repeat history but make new history. We must add to inheritance left by our ancestors.
Jonathan Santlofer|If your spirit is persistently harmless or if it has shown itself to you, in a non-threatening way, then you most definitely have a ghost. The ghost can be frightening, by its very nature. But the ghost will never intentionally frighten you. They will be there for three reasons: 1. They used to live there and are attached to the location 2. They are trying to communicate something to the living or 3. They are protective of somebody who lives in the house and so they are “standing guard” so to speak, over the loved one.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|Farms and food production should be, I submit, at least as important as who pierced their navel in Hollywood this week. Please tell me I'm not the only one who believes this. Please. As a culture, we think we're well educated, but I'm not sure that what we've learned necessarily helps us survive.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Infamous|The worst wounds, the deadliest of them, aren't the ones people see on the outside. They're the ones that make us bleed internally.
William Carlos Williams, Kora in Hell|Maybe that's what Hell is, in the end. All of your wrongful shit played out there in front of you while you're being pumped from behind by someone you've hurt. That you've screwed over in life. Or worse, worse still...some person who doesn't really love you anymore. No one to ever look at again, make contact with. Just you being fucked as your life splashes out across this big headboard in the Devil's bedroom. Maybe. Even if that's not it, even if Hell is all fire and sulfur and that sort of thing, it couldn't be much worse than that.
Debasish Mridha|Opinion about religion might be different, but religion should be one and that is the well being of humanity.
Sarah Brazytis, Our Christmas Bear|One of the biggest problems this country has is that people think a law is only a law if they agree with it. And if they don't, it's all right to kick guys like Joe out of the service and bomb abortion clinics because there's a higher law at work. And that's garbage, Allie. The law is the law. If you don't like it, change it. But don't break it and then start whining when there are consequences.
Megan Chance, The Spiritualist|Sight is one of the most easily deceived senses. I could make a coin disappear and your eyes would believe it gone, even if it were merely up my sleeve.
Kai Ashante Wilson, Super Bass|If one of the luminaries should condescend, then the homely lover, plain of face, knows damn well to choose some modest number, and then begin counting down the days of love. Beauty seeks after beauty, like goes with like; forever this was the way of things, world without end.
Saru Singhal|Be with people who question you, that's how you learn and grow.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|Yes,” I told him. “I think the guy playing the Pirate King was awesome.”He stopped where he was.“What?” I asked, frowning at the big smile on his face.“I didn’t say I liked the Pirate King,” he told me.“Oh.” I closed my eyes—and there he was. A warm, edgy presence right on the edge of my perception. When I opened my eyes, he was standing right in front of me. “Cool,” I told him. “You’re back.”He kissed me leisurely. When he was finished, I was more than ready to head home. Fast.“You make me laugh,” he told me seriously.
Charles Fishman, The Wal-Mart Effect: How the World's Most Powerful Company Really Works - and How It's Transforming the American Economy|Wal-Mart's business in the United States is stagnating, growing only because the company continues to relentlessly open new stores. But if Wal-Mart takes environmental responsibility seriously, if its stores become models for energy conservation and for doing minimal environmental harm (they are known for the opposite right now), that will be pioneering, and it might also be attractive to some Americans who have avoided Wal-Mart. If those stores are filled with products made by factory workers who are treated in a civilized fashion, products that do not damage the environment in the course of being made, products made in sustainable ways with minimal packaging,that will represent a pivot point, not just for Wal-Mart, or for retailing, but for capitalism. Nothing could do more to jump-start Wal-Mart's business than for Wal-Mart to find its soul.And of course, Wal-Mart's scale means that if it starts to take the design of its buildings and the impact of its products seriously, all its competitors will have no choice but to do the same. The virtuous Wal-Mart effect would ripple widely. It would ripple around the world.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|Plant the trees just for beauty,If flowers bloom or fruits ripen, Enjoy it as a gift and appreciate nature as a universal giver.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Let go of your all fears, be strong.
George Borrow|There are seasons in every country when noise and impudence pass current for worth; and in popular commotions especially, the clamors of interested and factious men are often mistaken for patriotism.
Morten Tyldum|Today, tomorrow and every day, we will see at least 2,000 young children killed or seriously injured on the world's roads. This is unacceptable, preventable, and we have to stop it. We have the vaccines for this disease: helmets, seatbelts, speed enforcement, safe road design. We just need to use them.
Nikki Sex, Abuse|Ignore the voice that scorns and ridicules to ensure it does not mold you. Stifling subtleties like these, if unchecked, are oppressive. Freedom is a love supreme birthright, not a privilege to be governed by any other.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Some men are like swords, made for fighting. Hang them and they go to rust.
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|Crime isn't that complicated. People steal because taking something gives them something. If they're not in it for the money, they're in it for control. The act of taking, of breaking the rules, makes them feel powerful. They're in it for the sheer defiance. Some people steal to stay alive, and some steal to feel alive.
Jennifer     Harrison, Write like no one is reading|In the apocalyptic environment that is Los Angeles on fire, we should all be making a point to have a lot of sex, but no one seems particularly motivated. They need leaders, and sadly I am not up for the task.
Leviak B. Kelly, The Leprechaun Delusion|We must be passionate and controlled but not reckless. Truth is not established by shame, guilt, or coercion or tribalism. It must be established by reason, evidence, presentation, compassion, and yes, faith. It cannot be established by ridicule, mocking, or insults of sacred icons or traditions but by disproving them or establishing their lack or veracity or usefulness.
Sarah Koenig|Yes, I grew up with guns. For my 16th birthday, in fact, I received a .357 instead of a car. But there was nothing playful about them; they were tools. My parents went through a back-to-the-land phase. Most of our vegetables and fruits came from our own garden.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|I must give you this warning: your journeys will rarely ever go as you plan. You will make mistakes, and you will feel lost. Whenever that happens, look to the light and keep moving forward in faith.
Mark F. LaMoure|When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and determination as the powerful force they are. By using these ideas, over time they will reward you with sparkling success.
Venus Williams|Like great teams in sports and business endeavors, if there's a chemistry among the participants, and they truly enjoy fellowship together, everybody wants to be there, stay involved, and just have fun together.
Teresa Santoski, Prayers for Oppa: From K-Pop to J-Pop, a Devotional for Performers & Their Fans|God is lovingly guiding our lives, and we can be confident of His authority over any situation we may face. He never allows anything to happen without a reason.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I look around me sometimes and I get sick to my stomach. Why the hell don't these bastards do something? I wonder. They don't do a damn thing, and then they bitch.
Ciaran O. Dwynvil|Human, witch, goblin, or whatever, a kiss is what is it is created from. Every moment, every heartache, every breath of fear and passion and longing was all wound up in this one kiss. It was more feeling than any word could express.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|The beauty of the universe consists not only of unity in variety, but also of variety in unity.
Scarlett Avery, Exposed|He pokes a finger inside me as he plays with my wetness.” —Sofia Herrera (French Kiss, Unbearable Passion, #2)
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|Obedience makes our heart receptive to what God has already done. It doesn’t move Him; His heart is always aflame toward us. Generally, this revelation is not taught correctly by well-meaning ministers. The incorrect way that obedience is taught causes people to be overly-introspective, obsessing over their inadequacies and failures. It breeds SELF-ESTEEM issues instead of promoting CHRIST-ESTEEM wholeness. It breeds a destructive DEMAND-CONSCIOUSNESS (law) instead of a liberating SUPPLY-CONSCIOUSNESS (grace).
Lucy H. Pearce, The Rainbow Way: Cultivating Creativity in the Midst of Motherhood|There is a juiciness to creativity, a succulence that comes up from within, a sensuality which both produces and is soothed by the act and product of creativity. Creativity is pleasing to us on a deep level. Be it the feel of clay in our hands, the colors that make us feel alive as we knit or sew, the meaning that we find in the words that we write, the energizing feel of movement as we dance and the music moves through our bodies. Taking part in creativity helps us to be more fully alive on every level, it asks that we engage with life in a visceral, and interactive way.
Dada Bhagwan|Every action (‘doing’) causes bondage. ‘Doing’ is not needed for Liberation. For liberation, ‘action’ of Knowledge is required. Action of ignorance [of the self] is bondage. Action done with egoism is known as ignorant-action and the action done without egoism is known as knowledge-action.
David G. McAfee, Mom, Dad, I'm an Atheist: The Guide to Coming Out as a Non-Believer|The human species – mammalian primates though undoubtedly (s)he is, and made out of the dust of exploded suns - does have the need for the transcendent, the numinous, even the ecstatic. I wouldn’t trust anyone who hadn’t had this. This has to do with landscape, light, music, love and an awareness of the transience of all things, and the melancholy that invests all this. So it isn’t just gaping happily at the sunset while listening to music, and doing that while knowing that it can’t last very long. But there is no need for the supernatural in this at all. There is no dimension of the supernatural of which this gives one a share.
Anonymous|The test for a prophet is in the Bible. It is this. "When a prophet speaketh in the name of the Lord  if the thing follow not  nor come to pass  that is the thing which the Lord hath not spoken."
L.E. Wilson, Blood Hunger|You take all the fun out of life for me, Nik. You know that?" Aiden- Blood Hunger (Deathless Night Series #1)
Elisabeth Elliot, Let Me be a Woman|But you will find yourself disarmed utterly, and your accusing spirit transformed into loving forgiveness the moment you remember that you did, in fact, marry only a sinner, and so did he.
Angelica Hopes|Cyber trolls' deceptive manipulative, political power play, duplicity and devious hypocrisy cannot equate to true friendship.~ Angelica Hopes, K.H. Trilogy
Dennis Prager|Why is it you feel like a dope if you laugh alone, but that's usually how you end up crying?
Dani Harper, Storm Warrior|Life is naught but battles big and small, and most of them unexpected.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|If you sing a song, you never be sad.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Confessions of a Misfit|Degree lets you to the chair of interview, but it cannot provide you job
Abraham Verghese|As a doctor, when I was minister of health and would go somewhere, little girls would come up to me and say, 'I want to be like you one day, I want to be a doctor.' Now, they tell me, 'I want to be president just like you.' All of us can dream as big as we want.
Donna L. Jones|I am always positive, prosperous-minded and filled with self-confidence.
Terri Giuliano Long, In Leah's Wake|Baseball has so much history and tradition. You can respect it, or you can exploit it for profit, but it's still being made all over the place, all the time.
Thomas Merton, New Seeds of Contemplation|We can learn personal humility from episodes that generate shame and guilt. After retiring from worldly affairs and drawing useful lessons from personal disgrace, we must resume living an expedient life devoted to appreciating truth, beauty, and love.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The continuation of man’s life is more attributable to his fear of death than it is to his desire to live. As a matter of fact, in countless cases, it is attributable to only the former.
Heather Blake, It Takes a Witch|He does manage the bookstore, which is currently my favorite place on earth." Her eyes glazed over. "All those books. If I married him, I could probably work there the rest of my life. Nothing would make me happier.""What about love?" Ve asked."Oh," Harper said solemnly. "I love books.
Noam Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance|It is useful to remember that no matter where we turn, there is rarely any shortage of elevated ideals to accompany the resort to violence.
Emily Dickinson|Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity.
SAMi|The realization that friendship is greater than love doesn't come when you have real and honest friends around. You realize it when someone whom you have always thought of as a friend, back stabs you. When a friend breaks your trust it hurts more than a lover abandoning you and then you realize friendship is indeed greater than love... While you are still figuring out the depth of your emotional connectivity, the ones who say they would never leave you, have already left. Unfaithful love does breaks heart but an unworthy friend bruises your soul.
Bryn  Hammond, Amgalant Two: Tribal Brawls|In the rare air of that altitude he forgot he was he. One way or another that was the aim of life. Shamans flew outside the self in ecstasy. Other people found love, or causes.
Olivia Fuller, Something Wicked|Endure for another day, Mister Tannen, and you'll have all the foul black misuse of water you can drink.
Alex Steffen|There are environmental threats to health; there are internal threats to health - genetic conditions, viral threats, diseases like cancer and Parkinson's. And then there are societal and global ones, like poverty and lack of nutrition. And unknown viral threats - everything from a new kind of influenza to hemorrhagic fever.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Playing the part of a charitable soul was only for those who were afraid of taking a stand in life. It is always far easier to have faith in your own goodness than to confront others and fight for your rights. It is always easier to hear an insult and not retaliate than have the courage to fight back against someone stronger than yourself; we can always say we're not hurt by the stones others throw at us, and it's only at night - when we're alone and our wife or our husband or our school friend is asleep - that we can silently grieve over our own cowardice.
Kayla Krantz, Alive at Sunset|No matter what you think of me, I'm part of your thoughts. Even if you hate me, I'll live in your mind forever.
Hal Zina Bennett, Spirit Guides: Companions & Mentors for Your Inner Journey|The universe has become not only conscious and aware of itself but capable in some respects of choosing its path into the future--though all three, the consciousness, the knowledge, and the choice, are dispersed over a vast crowd of beings, acting both individually and collectively.
Jennifer Loiske, Club Number Five|For our kind, death is only the beginning.
Timothy J. Keller, Center Church: Doing Balanced, Gospel-Centered Ministry in Your City|If we are saved by grace alone, this salvation is a constant source of amazed delight. Nothing is mundane or matter-of-fact about our lives. It is a miracle we are Christians, and the gospel, which creates bold humility, should give us a far deeper sense of humour and joy. We don't take ourselves seriously, and we are full of hope for the world.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|Off we skip like the most heartless things in the world, which is what children are, but so attractive; and we have an entirely selfish time, and then when we have need of special attention we nobly return for it, confident that we shall be rewarded instead of smacked.
Jane Cousins, To Thrill A Thief|Hey, what are you doing with your hand?”   Eli’s voice came out high pitched in surprise, as she clutched at Rafe’s shoulders.“It’s the best place for leverage if you’re going to make that ladder.”“My ass?  Really?” “What can I say, I’ve done the math, factored in the weight and height ratios and your ass is definitely where I will gain the most leverage in lifting you.
Harper Lee|She knew full well the enormity of her offense, but because her desires were stronger than the code she was breaking, she persisted in breaking it. 
P.G. Wodehouse, Very Good, Jeeves!|Unseen in the background, Fate was quietly slipping lead into the boxing-glove.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Talent is the seed,hard work is the stem,perseverance is the branch,and success is the fruit.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|Webley Edwards was on the radio, they remember that, and what he said that morning again and again was “This is an air raid, take cover, this is the real McCoy.” That is not a remarkable thing to say, but it is a remarkable thing to have in one’s memory.
Adam Smith|It’s better to be good than evil, but one achieves goodness at a tremendous cost.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in the storm, not the calm, that a rainbow is born.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|He was bright, bright, bright, like a lantern above a pub door in November- he made you want to come in and never leave.
Dan Savage|Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death.
Lori McWilliam Pickert|To learn how to do, we need something real to focus on — not a task assigned by someone else, but something we want to create, something we want to understand. Not an empty exercise but a meaningful, self-chosen undertaking.
Diana Gabaldon|One dictum I had learned on the battlefields of France in a far distant war: You cannot save the world, but you might save the man in front of you, if you work fast enough.
Anderson Cooper|There is a relationship between cartooning and people like Mir= and Picasso which may not be understood by the cartoonist, but it definitely is related even in the early Disney.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, start small. Taking small, consistent steps for calculated risks will help you test your footing. Once you begin enjoying mini-victories, you will be able to build upon your small successes to escalate momentum and strengthen your courage to take bigger ones.
Katherine Marsh, Jepp, Who Defied the Stars|Fate doesn’t care about family. When the time is up, she nicks at the thread
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|Damn real live people, getting in the way of peaceful ideals.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|The vampire gagged. The muscles of its neck constricted, widened, constricted again, and it disgorged a six-inch-long metal cylinder onto my desk. The bloodsucker grasped it, twisted the cylinder’s halves apart, and retrieved a roll of papers. “Photographs,” Ghastek said, handing me a couple of sheets from the roll.“That’s disgusting.”“He is thirty years old,” Ghastek said. “All his internal organs, with the exception of the heart, atrophied long ago. The throat makes for a very good storage cavity. People seem to prefer it to the anus.”Translation: be happy I didn’t pull it out of my ass. Thank the gods for small favors.
Gary Lineker|Ooh, it's too embarrassing to share my innermost romantic secrets - although I have written Danielle the odd poem. If anything they are more comedic than romantic. They used to be well-received but that was before she started studying Shakespeare at drama college. Now I feel so inept.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|We need to reclaim the word 'feminism'. We need the word 'feminism' back real bad. When statistics come in saying that only 29% of American women would describe themselves as feminist - and only 42% of British women - I used to think, What do you think feminism IS, ladies? What part of 'liberation for women' is not for you? Is it freedom to vote? The right not to be owned by the man you marry? The campaign for equal pay? 'Vogue' by Madonna? Jeans? Did all that good shit GET ON YOUR NERVES? Or were you just DRUNK AT THE TIME OF THE SURVEY?
Francis Bacon|A spy, like a writer, lives outside the mainstream population. He steals his experience through bribes and reconstructs it.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|I know it. I know I shall make beastly mistakes, Father-""The world does not forgive mistakes so quickly, my girl." He sounds bitter and sad."If the world will not forgive me," I say softly, "I shall have to learn to forgive myself."He nods in understanding."And how will you marry? Or do you intend to marry?"I think of Kartik, and tears threaten. "I shall meet someone one day, as Mother found you.
Gustave Flaubert|Happiness is a hard master, particularly other people's happiness.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|It's up to you, not fate.
Caitlin Kittredge, The Iron Thorn|Crows don’t take from you,” Dean said. “They give your soul wings.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|That’s my dream. It’s always the same. Always. Every little detail. And every time I have it, it’s just as scary as the last.(…)It’s so real, I feel as if I’ve already died hundreds of times.
Alison Croggon, The Naming|And all meet in singing, which braids together the different knowings into a wide and subtle music, the music of living. 
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|This is one more piece of advice I have for you: don't get impatient. Even if things are so tangled up you can't do anything, don't get desperate or blow a fuse and start yanking on one particular thread before it's ready to come undone. You have to realize it's going to be along process and that you'll work on things slowly, one at a time.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|Story Content Warning: There will be angst, sex, a little rough language and rampant lesbianism. If this is not your cup of tea, don't drink it. If you are not old enough to read this, you will be soon. It might be in your best interest to wait until you are older. If you live in a place where this is not legal... why are you still living there? Maybe it's time for you to move on.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|She said that one day they would be very old, that the world would be a different place, but it would always be their world, and that the time apart now would be a nightmare from which they would recover - desperation buried under years of happiness.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Empowerment:  Soulfully Empowering You to Overcome Life's Challenges & to Achieve Your Goals|When I am encouraged, I never see obstacles in my way, only exciting challenges.
Lisa Jewell, The Truth About Melody Browne|She felt like a creature born to reside on the bottom of the ocean floor, dark and flat and half-blind, slowly rising through the icy water to the glittering light above.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|She knows that feeling too. Of believing that each time someone says her name, it’s to tell her that something bad has happened.
Alan King|I tried to go out for theater or theater arts, but I was too scared or too intimidated. But I had a lot of friends on the cross country team that had great senses of humor.
Joss Whedon|Everything we do really is just a little marker on the long road to death. And sometimes that’s overwhelmingly depressing to me, and sometimes it makes me feel kinship and forgiveness. We’ve all got the same ending to the story. The way we make that story more elaborate, I got to respect.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge|There are a large number of people in the room, but one is unaware of them. They are in the books. At times they move among the pages, like sleepers turning over between two dreams. Ah, how good it is to be among people who are reading.
Tennessee Williams|What you're doing now, or have done in the past, need not determine what you can do next and in the future.
Ellen Hopkins, Identical|She's no longer afraid to die. What she's afraid of is living, accepting the status quo.
Martha  Reed, The Choking Game|He said: I don't like to read. And I said, honey, you haven't found the right girl.
Mitt Romney|Journalists couldn't do their jobs overseas without taking risks, and the same is true for diplomats and intelligence officers.
Epicurus, Letter to Menoeceus|Accustom yourself to the belief that death is of no concern to us, since all good and evil lie in sensation and sensation ends with death. Therefore the true belief that death is nothing to us makes a mortal life happy, not by adding to it an infinite time, but by taking away the desire for immortality. For there is no reason why the man who is thoroughly assured that there is nothing to fear in death should find anything to fear in life. So, too, he is foolish who says that he fears death, not because it will be painful when it comes, but because the anticipation of it is painful; for that which is no burden when it is present gives pain to no purpose when it is anticipated. Death, the most dreaded of evils, is therefore of no concern to us; for while we exist death is not present, and when death is present we no longer exist. It is therefore nothing either to the living or to the dead since it is not present to the living, and the dead no longer are.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Freedom is essentially a condition of inequality, not equality. It recognizes as a fact of nature the structural differences inherent in man — in temperament, character, and capacity — and it respects those differences. We are not alike and no law can make us so.
David Almond, Skellig|As Karl Marx once noted: 'Hegel remarks somewhere that all great, world-historical facts and personages occur, as it were, twice. He forgot to add: the first time as tragedy, the second as farce.' William Jennings Bryan and the Scopes trial was a tragedy. The creationists and intelligent design theorists are a farce.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|How impossible it is to forget the stories we tell ourselves, even when the truth should super-cede them.
O. Fred Donaldson, Playing by Heart: The Vision and Practice of Belonging|I closed my eyes to hug him tighter and give him that elusive feeling of unconditional love and complete safety. The feeling we seek but, in this life and in this world, perhaps never quite find.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Those who trust and hope in the Lord, will forever be happy.
Ian M. Banks|Perhaps it is different for humans, dear prince," she said, sounding sad, "but we have found that the underdisciplined child will bump up against life eventually and learn their lesson that way - albeit all the harder for their parents' earlier lack of courage and concern. The overdisciplined child lives all its life in a self-made cage, or bursts from it so wild and profligate with untutored energy they harm all about them, and always themselves. We prefer to underdiscipline, reckoning it better in the long drift, though it may seem harsher at the time.""To do nothing is always easy." Ferbin did not try to keep the bitterness out of his voice."To do nothing when you are so tempted to do something and entirely have the means to do so, is harder. It grows easier only when you know you do nothing for the active betterment of others.
Taslima Nasrin|We're African-American and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|They changed their minds, Flew off, and into strange vagaries fell.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your coming into the world was a mistake, then you are the most beautiful error in the universe.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|When you grasp the yogic principles and philosophies, you can apply them to any activity you are doing. Then every thing you do is spiritually enhancing your life. And this leads to the ultimate experience where everything you do is YOGA. It is all Union, unifying you with the Supreme Source.
Jurgen Habermas|Only by externalization, by entering into social relationships, can we develop the interiority of our own person.
Barack Obama|I think we need to consider a radical rewrite of any form of patriotism that serves the individual at the expense of the community, as that is nothing more than patriotism to one's own small and solitary cause.
Kamand Kojouri|Eyes and ears are two.Lungs and kidneys, too.I wonder thenwhy we're born with oneheart that skips a beat when hay is here,and beats quickly when you are near.One heart that cracks when you are far, lie to me and leave a scar.I wonder thenwhy we're born with oneheart that gets broken.Was I supposed to find you then?So your heart would make one plus one is twofor me andtwo for you.
Andrew Carnegie|Happy people are ignoramuses and glory is nothing else but success, and to achieve it one only has to be cunning.
Gabrielle Hamilton|Sometimes, in the middle of the night, I’ll wake up with sweat drenching my chest and think it’s the blood and muck I was covered in that night.
Edward Gibbon, The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire|O it's Tommy this, and Tommy that, and Tommy 'ow's your soul/But it's thin red line of heroes when the drums begin to roll.
Stefan Bachmann, The Peculiar|Winston and his sister walked for a time in silence, each in an invisible, vibrating pocket of excitement.
Ernest Hemingway|The blank page, otherwise known as the vast playground of the writer's imagination.
Ezra Pound|Listen to me, attend me!And I will breathe into thee a soul,And thou shalt live for ever.
Sandra Cisneros|To get noticed, I had to take my films in a space which was much more democratic in terms of cinema - the international film festivals.
G.K. Chesterton|Any man living in complete luxury and security who chooses to write a play or a novel which causes a flutter and exchange of compliments in Chelsea and Chiswick and a faint thrill in Streatham and Surbiton, is described as "daring," though nobody on earth knows what danger it is that he dares. I speak, of course, of terrestrial dangers; or the only sort of dangers he believes in. To be extravagantly flattered by everybody he considers enlightened, and rather feebly rebuked by everybody he considers dated and dead, does not seem so appalling a peril that a man should be stared at as a heroic warrior and militant martyr because he has had the strength to endure it.
Louise Seaman Bechtel, Books In Search Of Children|[W]e have reason to ask what artists are working specially for children, and whether they are running with the popular tide or saying something special.... In America, we had the 'parlor gift book' makers, but we also had Howard Pyle.
John Henrik Clarke|Fashion is almost like a religion, for me at least.
Katie Reus, Saved by Darkness|The woman lived inside him, was his mate.
Julian Seifter|If I am I because I am I, and you are you because you are you, then I am I and you are you. But if I am I because you are you and you are you because I am I, then I am not I and you are not you!
Donna Grant, Dragon Fever|i'm going to brand myself on you so that whenever you dress, wash, or even think of being with someone else, all you'll feel, see and want is me.
Nina Joshi Ramsey|By all means judge and react, but at some point afterwards be sure to reflect and switch sides. The next time you might be less quick to react.
Samuel Shem, The House of God|Be what you want to be,not what your parents want.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Where is Polonius? HAMLET 	 In heaven. Send hither to see. If your messenger find him not there, seek him i' th' other place yourself. But if indeed you find him not within this month, you shall nose him as you go up the stairs into the lobby.
Sydney Pollack|With 'Attachments,' my goal was to write a really good romantic comedy. I wanted the reader to be smiling throughout.
Jens Peter Jacobsen, Niels Lyhne|For the first time his mind grasped the fact that when life has sentenced you to suffer, the sentence is neither a fancy nor a threat, but you are dragged to the rack, and you are tortured, and there is no marvelous rescue at the last moment, no awakening as from a bad dream. He felt it as a foreboding which struck him with terror.
Christopher Reeve|So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.
Richard Rohr|For invalid user name and password combinations, the service should return a 400 HTTP status code, which means that the server received a “bad request.” The service could also use the 401 (“unauthorized”) response code, but that code specifies that authentication credentials need to be in the request header, which is not quite what is required.
Amanda  Turner|She had a woman’s swagger at twelve-and-a-half. Hair: strawberry-blonde, and I vaguely recall a daisy in the crook of her ear. She was an inch taller than me, two with the ponytail; smooth cheeks and darling brown eyes that marbled in luscious contrast with her magnolia skin; cream, melting to peach, melting to pink. She beamed like a cherub without the baby fat; a tender neck; pristine lips that would never part for a dirty word. Her body--of no interest to me at the time--was wrapped from neck to toes with home-made footie pajamas, the kind they make for toddlers, but I didn’t laugh; the girl filled that silly one-piece ensemble as if it were couture.
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|For a human being, nothing comes naturally,' said Grumman. 'We have to learn everything we do.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|There were times when I lifted my face to the sky, stretched my arms wide to the winter night, and laughed out loud, so happy was I.The memory of it makes me laugh now, but not from happiness.Be careful what you show the world.You never know when the wolf is watching.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|When I was a little boy, they called me a liar, but now that I am grown up, they call me a writer. 
Mary Renault, Fire from Heaven|Occasionally I looked up towards some vast old apartment with its shutters still open and where amphibious men and women, adapting themselves each evening to living in an element different from their daytime one, swam about slowly in the dense liquid which at nightfall rises incessantly from the wells of lamps and fills the rooms to the brink of their walls of stone and glass, and as they moved about in it, their bodies sent forth unctuous golden ripples.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|If ever you feel like an animal among men, be a lion.
Rickie Fowler|You have to find what makes you stable in the storm. Then, no matter what's happening round you, no matter what the hype or the publicity, you can still manage to make leaps in your work as an artist.
Marcia Clark|To bear means to support the weight of that which is held. It is a sacred trust to bear the priesthood, which is the mighty power and authority of God.
Stefan Molyneux|Honesty will guide you to goodness, and goodness will invite you to heaven.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|Passionate—that means to live for the sake of living. But one knows that you all live for sake of experience. Passion, that is self-forgetfulness. But what you all want is self-enrichment.
Debasish Mridha|Let it be love, not the power of position that guides you for your success.
Brian Herbert, The Butlerian Jihad|If Lenin would have had facebook, there would never have been any Russian Revolution. He would have had five followers, a handful of friends, and he'd type frantically into his own bubble. If Hitler would have had facebook, we'd still be plagued by a constant stream of conspiracy sites. Damn, how lucky are we exactly that none of these geezers had facebook and meddled about with the world instead.
Bharat|We live in a culture right now that pits girls against each other. We are brought up socially to be in competition with each other -who has the best body, more boyfriends, better clothes. And this kind of competition can be devastating on female friendships because it emphasizes a mentality that there isn’t enough to go around, Enough love. Enough attention. Enough success. But there is . There is enough to share with your girlfriends.
Russell D. Moore|The fundamental core of contemporary Darwinism, the theory of DNA-based reproduction and evolution, is now beyond dispute among scientists. It demonstrates its power every day, contributing crucially to the explanation of planet-sized facts of geology and meteorology, through middle-sized facts of ecology and agronomy, down to the latest microscopic facts of genetic engineering. It unifies all of biology and the history of our planet into a single grand story. Like Gulliver tied down in Lilliput, it is unbudgeable, not because of some one or two huge chains of argument that might–hope against hope–have weak links in them, but because it is securely tied by hundreds of thousands of threads of evidence anchoring it to virtually every other field of knowledge. New discoveries may conceivably lead to dramatic, even 'revolutionary' shifts in the Darwinian theory, but the hope that it will be 'refuted' by some shattering breakthrough is about as reasonable as the hope that we will return to a geocentric vision and discard Copernicus.
Louise Courey Nadeau, Magelica's Voyage|Live each day with an open heart. Everything you are, feel and do must come from your heart, if you are to be truly you. Believe in love and trust that you will find the answers you seek.
Émile Zola, The Masterpiece|Examine each question in terms of what is ethically and aesthetically right, as well as what is economically expedient. A thing is right when it tends to perserve the integrity, stability, and beauty of the biotic community. It is wrong when it tends otherwise.
José Saramago, The Tale of the Unknown Island|Like when people say they slept like a baby. Do they mean they slept well? Or do they mean they woke up every ten minutes, screaming?
Debasish Mridha|Simplicity and humility, not power or status, will bring you joy and happiness.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Once you clear that mind clutter out, the doorways for what you desire are open.
C.S. Lewis|He died not for men, but for each man. If each man had been the only man made, He would have done no less.
Saki|As if on cue, a line of silhouettes emerged from behind a desert scrub—shapes that moved like cats. They wandered through the landscape of corpses, touching each with a gentle nudge. They grew closer, and it became clear that Chuluum was leading the other cats on their sorrowful homage, giving the fallen librarians the honor they deserved.
Paul Wellstone|I think of myself as a catalyst of action and a messenger of hope, turning people onto themselves and turning people onto their dreams.
Shunryu Suzuki|To produce a primary [karmic] cause which is potentially capable of having an effect, three things are necessary: intention, the actual action, and then satisfaction.
Sophia Ruan Gushee, A to Z of D-Toxing|There is no point in saying anything but the truth because, at the end of the day, you don't have to answer to anyone but yourself.
Caroline Rhea|It's really irritating. Even people who like my work sometimes come up to me and say, 'I usually don't like female comedians, but your material is great!' It makes the job prospect more daunting. Funny is funny, you know?
Howard Schultz|Americans must place greater emphasis on the more subtle dimensions of national power, such as innovation, education, the balance of force and diplomacy, and the quality of political leadership.
William Shakespeare|For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar's angel:Judge, O you gods, how dearly Caesar loved him!This was the most unkindest cut of all
Stephenie Meyer, The Host|He says every story has at least some truth in it, even if most are made up.
Brené Brown|If we are going to find our way out of shame and back to each other, vulnerability is the path and courage is the light. To set down those lists of *what we're supposed to be* is brave. To love ourselves and support each other in the process of becoming real is perhaps the greatest single act of daring greatly.
Iain M. Banks, The Player of Games|(...) this first-approximation reification of language very easily passes over unnoticed into a harder idealization, especially in everyday parlance. It is this idealization that, for instance, leads people to say that "the language" is degenerating because teenagers don't know how to talk anymore (they were saying that in the eighteenth century too!). It is also behind seeing the dictionary as an authority on the "correct meanings" of words rather than as an attempt to record how words are understood in the speech community. Even linguists adopt this stance all the time in everyday life (especially as teachers of students who can't write a decent paragraph). But once we go inside the heads of speakers to study their own individual cognitive structure, the stance must be dropped.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|One thing I am sure of is that when a long-standing desire gets fulfilled, it is certainly a moment of happiness but it may not lead us to eternal happiness, which lies in our heart, mind and thoughts.
Amy Lawrence, Invincible: Inside Arsenal's Unbeaten 2003-2004 Season|You care for each other. There's a love for one another. People don't want to use that word, but I thought that Wenger set that influence. Because you get some managers who would trust you, they've all got good knowledge, but not all of them care for you. But he cared in such a way that you gave more for him. He spread that. He certainly spread that to me. I felt I was being more caring, or more helpful towards other people because of what he did. I felt that habit and behaviour came from the boss. - Martin Keown
Ndiritu Wahome, The Sad Artist and Other Fairytales|Do not weep. Being is enough. There, that is all. I am done...
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|You know the saying: he who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it. And when it's repeated, the stakes are doubled.
Terry Goodkind, Blood of the Fold|...think of the solution, not the problem. If your mind was filled only with thoughts of why you were going to lose, then you couldn't think of how to win.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|At least, when there’s fear, there’s some human part left in you. Once that’s gone, though, there is nothing.
Charles Bukowski, Women|She had wild eyes, slightly insane. She also carried an overload of compassion that was real enough and which obviously cost her something.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If you learn to really sit with loneliness and embrace it for the gift that it is…an opportunity to get to know YOU, to learn how strong you really are, to depend on no one but YOU for your happiness…you will realize that a little loneliness goes a LONG way in creating a richer, deeper, more vibrant and colorful YOU.
Shannon L. Alder|Chase.” He cleared his throat and shook his head once. “That girl means everything to me. Which means her baby does, too. I will never do to you what you did to Harper and me. But know this. If you do not take care of them, and cherish them . . . I will not hesitate again to beat the living shit out of you. You get me?”“I got you. I love them, I’ll always take care of them.
Suzanne Collins|the evil thing is inside, not out.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The home only fulfills its true purpose when it is God-controlled. Leave Jesus Christ out of your home and it loses its meaning. But take Christ into your heart and the life of your family, and He will transform your home.
Danny Saunders|If a novelist were so uncouth and possessed of so little moral sense that he should write of illicit love, his book would be barred from the public libraries and he woukd be ostracized by society.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|At that moment Sonny noticed that the other car had not kept going but had parked a few feet ahead, still blocking his way. At that same moment his lateral vision caught sight of another man in the darkened tollbooth to his right. But he did not have time to think about that because two men came out of the car parked in front and walked toward him. The toll collector still had not appeared. And then in the fraction of a second before anything actually happened, Santino Corleone knew he was a dead man. And in that moment his mind was lucid, drained of all violence, as if the hidden fear finally real and present had purified him.
Gudjon Bergmann, Baby Steps to Meditation|Simplicity is everywhere in nature, and meditation is a natural state. Meditation is a state of peaceful equilibrium, the fourth state of consciousness, and is always available to every single human being.
Joyce Meyer|I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|How come a boy can be so stupid, but a Daddy, who actually used to be a BOY himself, can be so wonderful?
Mac Miller|The rose and the thorn, and sorrow and gladness are linked together.
Sandra Day O'Connor|I have relationships with people I'm working with, based on our combined interest. It doesn't make the relationship any less sincere, but it does give it a focus that may not last beyond the experience.
Dada Bhagwan|People have unlatched the energies of the worldly self (jiv shakti), but they have not unlatched the energies of Real Self (shiv shakti).
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Staying in a relationship with someone who doesn't love him/herself, is a direct reflection of how much you love and value yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we hug, we have tender heart towards each other.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|I don't believe god has a darling tribe or nation, all tribes and nations are his darlings.
Col. Thomas Aspinwall|In history, truth should be held sacred, at whatever cost . . . especially against the narrow and futile patriotism, which, instead of pressing forward in pursuit of truth, takes pride in walking backwards to cover the slightest nakedness of our forefathers.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We belong to Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour.
- Felicity Chapman, Connected: Bonds Deep|She is a prisoner on the stage as her eyes dart from her notes to the awaiting guests. She cannot leave. She has to live out each excruciating moment. She can no longer feel why it was important to do this in the first place. Her mind has become a Holocaust survivor, just grasping at life, trying to see it through in the paltry way that it exists right now.
Jeremy Irons|From my earliest memories, I loved the farm. My grandfather was a charter subscriber to Rodale's Organic Gardening and Farming Magazine and had a huge, well kept garden with an octagonal chicken house in the corner.
S. Kelley Harrell|...We never set eyes on Fatima or our dog or the city we had known ever again. Like a body prematurely buried, unmourned withpot coffin or ceremony, our hasty untidy exit from Jerusalem was no way to have said goodbye to our home, our country and all that we knew and loved.
Friedrich Nietzsche|What I absolutely want is to suggest that before it's anything else, redemption is God mending the bicycle of our souls; God bringing out the puncture repair kit, re-inflating the tires, taking off the rust, making us roadworthy once more. Not so that we can take flight into ecstasy, but so that we can do the next needful mile of our lives.
Joseph Fink, Welcome to Night Vale|Troy and I loved each other. We called it 'unconditional love', which was true. Once conditions arose, the love dissipated.
Neal Asher, The Line Of Polity|How strange that excision – female circumcision, with several languages using the same term for both kinds of mutilation – of little girls should revolt the westerner but excite no disapproval when it is performed on little boys. Consensus on the point seems absolute. But ask your interlocutor to think about the validity of this surgical procedure, which consists of removing a healthy part of a nonconsenting child’s body on nonmedical grounds – the legal definition of… mutilation.
Walt Whitman|What stays with you longest and deepest? Of curious panics, of hard-fought engagements or sieges tremendous what deepest remains?
Pontius Joseph|Many people think of similar great things, but only the few act on it; which makes them great.
William Barrett, Irrational Man: A Study in Existential Philosophy|Positivist man is a curious creature who dwells in the tiny island of light composed of what he finds scientifically "meaningful," while the whole surrounding area in which ordinary men live from day to day and have their dealings with other men is consigned to the outer darkness of the "meaningless." Positivism has simply accepted the fractured being of modern man and erected a philosophy to intensify it. Existentialism, whether successfully or not, has attempted instead to gather all the elements of human reality into a total picture of man. Positivist man and Existentialist man are no doubt offspring of the same parent epoch, but, somewhat as Cain and Abel were, the brothers are divided unalterably by temperament and the initial choice they make of their own being.
Edward Abbey|The love of wilderness is more than a hunger for what is always beyong reach; it is also an expression of loyalty to the earth, the earth which bore us and sustains us, the only paradise we shall ever know, the only paradise we ever need, if only we had the eyes to see.
shakir parekh|It may be a crush, or hero worship (...), it may not be love, but if you've never felt anything stronger, how do you tell the difference?
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience and Other Essays|The ways by which you may get your money almost without exception lead downward. To have done anything by which you earn money 'merely' is to be truly idle or worse. If the labourer gets no more than the wages which his employer pays him, he is cheated, he cheats himself.. If I should sell both my forenoons and afternoons to society, as most appear to do, I am sure that for me there would be nothing left worth living for.. You must get your living by loving.
Farahad Zama, The Wedding Wallah|Marriages are made in heaven. When Allah made a creature, He also made the creature's mate
Infallible Imam (A) (www.alhassanain.org/english/?com=book&id=721)|Another great contribution to science of Imam Jafar al-Sadiq (A) was his Theory of Light. He said that light reflected by different objects comes to us, but only a part of the rays enter our eyes. That is the reason why we do not see distant objects clearly.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, Marina|The night I met him [he] told me that, for some reason, life usually grants us what we are not looking for. He was given wealth, fame, and power, yet his soul yearned only for spiritual peace so that he could silence the shadows in his heart...
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|Charred, blackened, and cooked, the morsel was brought to the mouth and chewed, contemplated, and swallowed with relish. There was no sauce or seasoning and no consideration for aesthetics or art. Yet the combination of meat and fire yielded something revolutionary. Cooked meat made man happy.
Earl Nightingale|You can do everything you can to try to stop bad things from happening to you, but eventually things will happen, so the best prevention is a positive attitude.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|If, to him, love was a celebration of one’s self and of existence—then, to the self-haters and life-haters, the pursuit of destruction was the only form and equivalent of love.
Dianne Duvall, Darkness Rises|There is no reason to feel embarrassed, Krysta.""Easy for you to say! You weren't caught mentally checking out my package!"~ Étienne and Krysta
Marilyn Manson|My daughter doesn't even get my humor. She's like, 'Um, no. I don't get it, Dad. Mmm, no, not that one, Dad.'
Etienne, Drag and Drop|If you're looking for sympathy, you'll find it in the dictionary, somewhere between 'shit' and 'syphilis'.
David Anthony Durham, Acacia: The War with the Mein|She would never be caught unprepared again, she swore to herself. She would never trust. Never love. Never put faith in other human beings again. She would learn all she could of the shape and substance of the world, and she would find a way to survive in it.
Tsunetomo Yamamoto, Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai|Purity or impurity depends on oneself,No one can purify another.
Maria V. Snyder, Fire Study|In the war room, love? What if someone comes in?”I stood and removed his shirt. “Then they’ll have a good story to tell.”“Good?” He adopted the pretense of being offended.“Prove me wrong.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|The Air Loom had been constructed by the Jacobins in Paris around the time of their coup d'etat in 1793. Just as they had corrupted the ideals of the Enlightenment to their despotic ends, so had they corrupted Enlightenment science. The secret of its power was pneumatic chemistry, the science of the invisible elements known as 'airs' or 'gases,' which had been developed by some of the great geniuses who had inspired the revolution.
E.M. Bounds, The Power of Prayer|A prayerless age will have but scant models of divine power. The age may be a better age than the past, but there is an infinite distance between the betterment of an age by the force of an advancing civilization and its betterment by the increase of holiness and Christlikeness by the energy of prayer.
Juliette Binoche|You that would judge me, do not judge alone this book or that, come to this hallowed place where my friends' portraits hang and look thereon; Ireland's history in their lineaments trace; think where man's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such friends.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Watching too much TV can triple our hunger for more possessions, while reducing our personal contentment by about 5 percent for every hour a day we watch.
Danny Boyle|I think because I try to keep things as real as I can, or I try to start from a place of reality, I almost don't have the imagination to write a book that's not set where I am.
Jules Verne|While there is life, there is hope.
Rick Yancey|I am sure Cinderella was really smart. Even if the fairy had not appeared, she would have found some way out of their clutches. She would have had to; it’s called survival.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Our sense of self, formulated in large part by the untold number of cross-related connections that we make with our physical, social, and family environments, is reliant upon fitting into our social fabric. The educational environment, family relationships, peer groups, books, television, films, music, along with an assortment of other cultural events shape our emergent persona. Our successes and failures interacting in the world leave their collective imprint upon the wet clay of our forming brains. We are sentimental creatures who cling to past memories. We are inquisitive critters who venture forth from our protective dens to explore new territory. We are perceptive organisms equipped with five basic senses. We are sentient beings who can consciously organize our sense impressions into guiding ideas and useful principles. Our survival responses form a central cord of our emotions. We are receptive, compassionate beings that respond with both body and mind to global stimuli.
Anonymous, Go Ask Alice|That's the thing about parents. They ask what you think, but they don't really care, or at least they don't care enough to let it affect the outcome.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|Depression is the flaw in love. To be creatures who love, we must be creatures who can despair at what we lose, and depression is the mechanism of that despair.
Margaret Atwood, Hag-Seed|You always do good ones. We trust you, Mr. Duke," Says Dylan. Foolish lads, thinks Felix: never trust a professional ham.
Debbie Howells, The Beauty of the End|I loved your world, Noah. It was a magical place, where there were stars and love, and there was hope. Hope. I don’t think you know how it is not to have that. I stole some of yours. It was beautiful, but there were too many secrets between us, and I always knew I’d have to give it back.
Robyn Peterman, Cop a Feel|I watched 60 Minutes...and they showed this woman, she's in every kind of..thing like that. 'This woman', they say, 'she lost her first four children--died from malnutrition--and, now, she's afraid that her new six-month-old newborn twins will suffer the same fate'. ... Who's going to step in and say...'kick her in the cunt 'til it doesn't work', 'that woman is a sociopath! that is a sick human being!'. ... How much of a sociopath do you need to be? That is the slow ritual torture-murder of children, one after another! At what point does cause-and-effect not kick in? How many bulb-headed skeletons have to go stiff in your arms?! ... 'what? this one's not working... oh, well let's try again', one after another. At what point do you not go 'I think this is bad'? ... How many kids are you going to fuckin' kill, lady? ... If you impregnate someone under those conditions, they should abort the parents! that's sick!
Bryce Dallas Howard|Barack Obama's decision to come out in favour of gay marriage may be a historic occasion, but it is not an isolated one. His administration has been making pro-gay noises for some time; his demographic in the upcoming election is young and educated, precisely the group that favours equality for the LGBT community.
Apryl Baker, Touch Me Not|So on a scale of one to Adele, how bad was this breakup?
Vladimir Nabokov, The Luzhin Defense|Attraction is a funny thing. Women can be beautiful and still do nothing for me. They can be stereotypically sexy and I will still pass them over. They can look innocent and it won’t interest me, have a sassy attitude and I’ll be looking elsewhere. I get bored easily and am as fickle as April weather.
Jay E. Adams, How to Overcome Evil|Evil is powerful, but good is more powerful. In fact, evil is so powerful that only good has the power to overcome evil. Darkness can be driven away only by light.
Jhumar Simila|String of loveUniverse surrounds youThe Saints kneels to youMy freezing heart needs youBecause your the fire that keeps me warmThe scientist believe youEven without a peer-reviewThe existence of your existenceIs the evidence that the true-love is trueYou're the "Missing Link" of the Theory of EvolutionThat my Hate evolve to LoveThat you're the "Missing" piece of my life That "Link" to me even in the Tree of LifeI can go faster than the speed of lightWhen you call my name and need some helpI'll be your Superman, against all oddsTo protect you all-day, all nightHeat death is hereThe infidels are comingMy heart for you will never stop beatingYou are the reason why i keep standingKeep in mind that you're the love of my lifeYou're my Hero; Why i keep fightingYou're never be forgotten, alzheimer will never do a thingJust keep smiling
Gautama Buddha, The Dhammapada|i'm angry with life, yes i'm angry with worldi'm angry with strangers , i'm angry with relativesi'm angry with my friends , i'm angry with my enemiesi'm angry with hate ,i'm angry with lovei'm angry with day ,i am angry with night i'm angry with morning ,i'm angry with evening i'm angry with conversation ,i'm angry with emotions i'm angry with feelings , i'm angry with passion i'm angry with every false promises , i'm angry with every lie sweari'm angry with truth i'm angry with liei'm angry with reality, i'm angry with dreams i'm angry with fire hidden inside me,i'm angry with softness which inside mei'm angry with thirst which disturbing me i'm angry with ocean which not for mei'm angry with tears,i'm angry with smilei'm angry with my breaths i'm angry with my heart beats i'm angry with your laziness .death you are lazyi'm angry with everything,i'm angry with every one yes i'm angry with God,Because i'm angry with my selfi'm angry with my self,i'm angry with my self
Akash B Chandran|Make friends not best friends,Make a crush not a lover,Because not everyone are meant to be with you always and when they leave or when they make you leave ,you are the one going to suffer the most..
Lidiya K., This Moment|Every place you don’t want to be at feels like a prison. And we have so many desires, expectations and go back to the past and think about the future so often, that I can safely say that we live in such a prison all the time.So each time you wish you were somewhere else right now is another solid wall you build and thus make this imaginary building even stronger.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation, does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions. You must make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at the cats. The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer will be courteous as well as responsive. Since you are out of sympathy with cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the dedicatory ceremonies of a cat hospital. But bear in mind that your opinion of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker. Try to keep things straight.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Intuition is to develop a trust in yourself, and to the silent whisperings of your heart. If you trust yourself, you can trust others, you can trust existence.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you still believe in magic, you're subject to enchantment.
John Frohnmayer, Leaving Town Alive|During my tenure at the Endowment, I often found that those who did us the most damage did so under the justification of helping us by 'preventing worse language.' In the military it would be called friendly fire. One ends up just as dead.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Matters of Convenience|...forever meant different things to people at different times. They could imagine what infinity looked and felt like as much as they wanted, but could never truly grasp its meaning nor bear its full weight.
Himmilicious|Many things have been compared to a brick, mainly as a tribute to their intellect or to their aerodynamic characteristics.
Melanie Griffith|Regret is not a proactive feeling. It is situated in disappointment, sorrow, even remorse. It merely wishes things were different without an act to cause a difference. However, repentance is different. Repentance is an admission of, hatred of, and turning away from sin before God.
Anne Lamott|The very first thing I tell my new students on the first day of a workshop is that good writing is about telling the truth. We are a species that needs and wants to understand who we are. Sheep lice do not seem to share this longing, which is one reason they write so very little. But we do. We have so much we want to say and figure out.
MaryJanice Davidson, Sleeping with the Fishes|He's all right. His hair is cute."Jonas froze, his lobster fork halfway to his mouth. " Oh my God, you're in love.""I'm not in love.""'his hair is cute'? You never say anything nice about anyone. Coming from you, cute hair is a mating call."" I talked to the guy for thirty seconds. And then he waved at me while i was in the tank.""Holy fuck, you're getting married, aren't you!"" Will you simmer. I certainly am not.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|Consider the species known as man. We lie, we cheat, we want what others have and take it; we make war upon each other and the earth; we harvest lives in multitude. We have mortgaged the planet and spent the cash on trifles.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|The events of the Titanic disaster can be seen as a symbol of what happens through overconfidence in technology, complacence, and a mindset of profits over people's safety.
Bill Bryson|Beauty has been democratised. No longer the preserve of movie stars and models but available to all. But while the invitation to beauty is welcomed, it has become not so much an option as an imperative.
Candice Bergen|But the beauty of Einstein's equations, for example, is just as real to anyone who's experienced it as the beauty of music. We've learned in the 20th century that the equations that work have inner harmony.
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|What he had not learned from Latin or Greek he was learning from the people of New South Wales. It was this: you did not learn a language without entering into a relationship with the people who spoke it with you. His friendship with Tagaran was not a list of objects, or the words for things eaten or not eaten, thrown or not thrown. It was the slow constructing of the map of a relationship.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|Dear girl, it will be a very long road if you spend more time looking backwards than forward.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The object of oratory alone in not truth, but persuasion.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|She gave me money to buy condoms, and instead I bought a book of baby names. That’s life. That’s love. That’s fiscally irresponsible. 
Sara Keddar|I feel like we have to deal with things, so we realize change! Change comes after pain and pain comes after truth. Truth is hurtful.
John MacArthur, Jr.|Being strong isn't enough, being at limit is the real success. Why? 'cause the heaven is the only N' one limit to fly as away as you can.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|Short answer 'No,' Long answer 'Yes,' with a 'But
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|Those half-learn'd witlings, num'rous in our isle As half-form'd insects on the banks of Nile
Alessia Cara|Western democracies exalt the ideal of social equality, but our economic system arguably emerged from 16th-century Calvinism, a religion whose members believed that God showed favor by bestowing wealth and other forms of success on what they called 'the chosen.'
Zara Larsson|It's sad to think right now, but probably the Russian and Chinese government know more about Hillary Clinton's e-mail server than do the members of the United States Congress. And - and that has put our national security at risk.
Deyth Banger|We pushed to the edge of recklessness, yet I felt safe.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|It’s never the value of water but thirst, it’s never the value of life but death and it’s never about the friendship but trust.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If seeds waited for perfect conditions to grow, there would be no plants in the desert.
John Fleming|I've been fortunate in my life. It hasn't been easy, but there has been a focus on the positive, and it has reverberated. Eventually, the outlook mirrors itself back to you in the friends you have, in the partner that you choose.
China Miéville, The City & the City|We don't need unity in theory, we need solidarity in practice.
Charlie Sifford|Indeed it is possible to stand with one foot on the inevitable 'banana peel' of life with both eyes peering into the Great Beyond, and still be happy, comfortable, and serene - if we will even so much as smile.
Mahadena Madid|In every sufferings you've encountered, there will be an opportunity to settle things in a right place. If that comes, grab it. Learn to forgive.
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|Teachers're always using that "in your own words." I hate that. Authors knit their sentences tight. It's their job. Why make us unpick them, just to put it back together more shonkily? How're you s'posed to say Kapellmeister if you can't say Kapellmeister?
Tommy Smothers|If, however, we pursue what is expressed in the phrase 'the language of things', we are pointed in a similar direction. The language of things too is something to which we should pay better attention. This expression also has a kind of polemical accent. It expresses the fact that, in general, we are not at all ready to hear things in there own being, that they are subjected to man's calculus and to his domination of nature through the rationality of science.
Zooey Deschanel|I like romantic comedy as a genre, but I think it can get stuck in its ways.
Michio Kaku, Hyperspace|It is often stated that of all the theories proposed in this century, the silliest is quantum theory. In fact, some say that the only thing that quantum theory has going for it is that it is unquestionably correct.
Thomas Jefferson|When audiences come to see us authors lecture, it is largely in the hope that we'll be funnier to look at than to read.
Robert Rolih, The Million Dollar Decision : Get Out of the Rigged Game of Investing and Add a Million to Your Net Worth|The definition of a person who practices visualization and positive thinking, without taking action: a broke loser.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Strange to know nothing, never to be sureOf what is true or right or real,But forced to qualify or so I feel,Or Well, it does seem so:Someone must know.Strange to be ignorant of the way things work:Their skill at finding what they need,Their sense of shape, and punctual spread of seed,And willingness to change;Yes, it is strange,Even to wear such knowledge--for our fleshSurrounds us with its own decisions--and yet spend all our life on imprecisions,That when we start to dieHave no idea why.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|I have said that Texas is a state of mind, but I think it is more than that. It is a mystique closely approximating a religion. And this is true to the extent that people either passionately love Texas or passionately hate it and, as in other religions, few people dare to inspect it for fear of losing their bearings in mystery or paradox. But I think there will be little quarrel with my feeling that Texas is one thing. For all its enormous range of space, climate, and physical appearance, and for all the internal squabbles, contentions, and strivings, Texas has a tight cohesiveness perhaps stronger than any other section of America. Rich, poor, Panhandle, Gulf, city, country, Texas is the obsession, the proper study, and the passionate possession of all Texans.
Heidi Roizen|As is well known, 'McCarthyism' was an alleged focus of political evil in the 1950s: Accusations of Communist taint, without factual basis; bogus lists of supposed Communists who never existed; failure in the end to produce even one provable Communist or Soviet agent, despite his myriad charges of subversion.
Dorothy Parker, Enough Rope|Some men break your heart in two,Some men fawn and flatter,Some men never look at you;And that cleans up the matter.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Now I'll Tell You Everything|A man spent hours watching a butterfly struggling to emerge from its cocoon. It managed to make a small hole, but its body was too large to get through it. After a long struggle, it appeared to be exhausted and remained absolutely still.The man decided to help the butterfly and, with a pair of scissors, he cut open the cocoon, thus releasing the butterfly. However, the butterfly’s body was very small and wrinkled and its wings were all crumpled.The man continued to watch, hoping that, at any moment, the butterfly would open its wings and fly away. Nothing happened; in fact, the butterfly spent the rest of its brief life dragging around its shrunken body and shrivelled wings, incapable of flight.What the man – out of kindness and his eagerness to help – had failed to understand was that the tight cocoon and the efforts that the butterfly had to make in order to squeeze out of that tiny hole were Nature’s way of training the butterfly and of strengthening its wings.Sometimes, a little extra effort is precisely what prepares us for the next obstacle to be faced. Anyone who refuses to make that effort, or gets the wrong sort of help, is left unprepared to fight the next battle and never manages to fly off to their destiny.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|For as soon as we have used an opportunity and have actualized a potential meaning, we have done so once and for all. We have rescued it into the past/.../, wherein nothing is irretrievably lost, but rather, on the contrary, everything is irrevocably stored and treasured.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Sometimes there aren't words. The silence between us is flung wide as an ocean. But I manage to reach across it, to wrap my arms around him.
Kate Avery Ellison, Frost|Music isn’t just heard, it is felt.
Maggie Georgiana Young|I only knew to treat the male asshole as if it had a grenade buried inside of it that could ignite a deadly explosion of anger, trauma, and sexual confusion.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|You wear your attitude. It is highly visible to every person you meet and shows up in the way act, live, and love.
Jennifer Lovering|Love is a choice. It's a decision.' She told us, 'It flows into, through, and out of each person like a river. If you try to stop it, it'll sneak around until It finds another heart and breaks through.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I almost said, you’re not broken, you’re just going through something. But I couldn’t. She knew. There was something terribly wrong with her, all the way inside. She was like a big diamond with a dead spot in the middle. I was supposed to breathe life into that dead spot, but it hadn’t worked.
Viola Shipman, The Charm Bracelet|So much had never been explained to her. They were that kind of family. Things necessary to know were passed along brother to brother, sister to sister, and this sufficient for most purposes, despite inevitable error and sensational.
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|My brother and I were able to fantasize far more extravagantly about our parents' tastes and desires, their aspirations and their vices, by scanning their bookcases than by snooping in their closest. Their selves were on their shelves.
Musharraf Ali Farooqi, The Adventures of Amir Hamza|One day when I ventured into the garden to regard its bloom,My eyes beheld on a bower a withered rose.When I inquired what had caused the blight,"My lips for a moment opened in a smile in this garden," it replied.
Frosty Wooldridge, How to Live a Life of Adventure: The Art of Exploring the World|Daddy was always searching for new adventure--always looking for a revelation. He used to say 'If you climb every mountain and walk into every valley, one day you'll surprise the Great Creator at his work.
Shannon L. Alder|The fault in our stars is the inability to see that the world falls in love with fantasy, fairytales and magic in movies. Even religion asks us to believe in the most unlikely of situations. However, despite all the great movies we love, we choose to see so many real life spiritual experiences as delusion, mania, psychosis or wishful thinking. Our society gives great devotion to the arts. However, they solve so many problems with realism, rather than giving into the possibilty of God's plan for a person, that doesn't involve their theological views about how God helps write his children's stories.
Stacy Schiff|I like to have a thing suggested rather than told in full. When every detail is given, the mind rests satisfied, and the imagination loses the desire to use its own wings.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|The man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind.
Italo Calvino, Marcovaldo|To fall asleep like a bird. To have a wing you could stick your head under, aworld of branches suspended above the earthly world, barely glimpsed downbelow, muffled and remote. Once you begin rejection your present state, there is no knowing where you can arrive.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|In the eleven months preceding the outbreak of World War II, 211 treaties of peace were signed. Were these treaties of peace written on paper, or were they written on the hearts of men? And we must ask ourselves as we hear of treaties being written today, whether the treaties of the UN are written with the full cognizance of the fact that those who sign them are responsible before God?
Meghan Trainor|Living in New Zealand, it's like a different world - it is a different world. It's very, very cool.
Oliver Gaspirtz|Our words are often only vague, inadequate descriptions of our thoughts. Something gets lost in translation every time we try to express our thoughts in words. And when the other person hears our words, something gets lost in translation again, because words mean different things to different people. "A long time" may mean 10 hours to one person, but 10 days to another. So when a thought is formed in my brain, and my mouth expresses it in words, and your ears hear it, and your brain processes it, your brain and my brain never truly see exactly the same thing. Communication is always just an approximation.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|You can want, wish, and dream all day, but those that prepare, work, learn, practice, and problem-solve are the ones that find success in sports, business, music, or whatever.Back up what you want with doing the work it takes to get it.
Marlene Steinberg|Escape from reality. In some instances, dissociation induces people to imagine that they have some kind of mastery over intractable environmental difficulties. Dissociation is often implicated in magical thinking or self-induced trance states. This aspect of dissociation is frequently found in abuse survivors. It is not uncommon for abused children to engage in magical thinking to retain an illusion of control over the situation (e.g., believing that they "cause" the perpetrator to act out).
Craig D. Lounsbrough|As I contemplate a relationship with God, I find that I’m afraid to ride on the coattails of the infinite. But what I fear more than that is spending my life in the coat closet.
Terry Pratchett, The Science of Discworld|As humans, we have invented lots of useful kinds of lie. As well as lies-to-children ('as much as they can understand') there are lies-to-bosses ('as much as they need to know') lies-to-patients ('they won't worry about what they don't know') and, for all sorts of reasons, lies-to-ourselves. Lies-to-children is simply a prevalent and necessary kind of lie. Universities are very familiar with bright, qualified school-leavers who arrive and then go into shock on finding that biology or physics isn't quite what they've been taught so far. 'Yes, but you needed to understand that,' they are told, 'so that now we can tell you why it isn't exactly true.' Discworld teachers know this, and use it to demonstrate why universities are truly storehouses of knowledge: students arrive from school confident that they know very nearly everything, and they leave years later certain that they know practically nothing. Where did the knowledge go in the meantime? Into the university, of course, where it is carefully dried and stored.
Will Henry|That is the way a white man remembers a battle. So many soldiers here, so many there. Such a captain here. Such a lieutenant there. This colonel in one place. That major in another. The horses precisely here, the cannon exactly there. But not an Indian. An Indian remembers where his mother fell bayoneted, or his little brother had his skull smashed, or his big sister cried for mercy and was shot in the mouth.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|We overcome the evil in the world by the charity and compassion of God, and in so doing we drive all evil out of our own hearts. The evil that is in us is more than moral. There is a psychological evil, the distortion caused by selfishness and sin. Good moral intentions are enough to correct what is formally bad in our moral acts. But in order that our charity may heal the wounds of sin in our whole soul it must reach down into the furthest depths of our humanity, cleaning out all the infection of anxiety and false guilt that spring from pride and fear, releasing the good that has been held back by suspicion and prejudice and self-conceit. Everything in our nature must find its right place in the life of charity, so that the whole man may be lifted up to God, that the entire person may be sanctified and not only the intentions of his will.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|I'm sorry if this sounds harsh or surprises anyone, but this is where we are. If you want the outcome to be different, you will have to do something about it.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Even with all its positive attributes, capitalism in its imperialistic form is the most treacherous system mankind ever devised. It is driven by a selfishness that has an almost religious underlining to it.
Rebecca Wells|When the Deep Purple falls,Over sleepy garden walls, And the stars begin to flicker in the sky,Thru the mist of a memoryYou wander back to me,Breathing my name with a sigh.In the still of the night,Once again I hold you tight, Tho' you're gone, your love lives onWhen moonlight beams.And as long as my heart will beatLover, we'll always meetHere in my Deep Purple dreams.
Brennan Manning|Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
William A.  Adams, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|When a Promise of Leadership is neglected or unfulfilled, trust is broken, engagement erodes, and performance suffers.
Emily M. Danforth, The Miseducation of Cameron Post|The difference between being content and being blissfully happy is unquantifiable, and only those who experience the latter can understand just how mediocre the former can be.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|You can't hide the thunderbolt. When it hits you, everybody can see it. Christ, man, don't be ashamed of it, some men pray for the thunderbolt. You're a very lucky fellow. - Calo
P.G. Wodehouse, A Wodehouse Bestiary|I flung open the door. I got a momentary flash of about a hundred and fifteen cats of all sizes and colours scrapping in the middle of the room, and then they all shot past me with a rush and out of the front door; and all that was left of the mobscene was the head of a whacking big fish, lying on the carpet and staring up at me in a rather austere sort of way, as if it wanted a written explanation and apology.
Nyrae Dawn, Façade|You don't have to be afraid of falling. Just close your eyes, let go, and know that I'll always be here with arms outstretched, ready to catch you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Believe and be so strong in virtues like character, instead of looking for miracles.
Pauline Seaport|Have a dream or vision? Keep striving toward it, never give up on it, pray about it and ask God to bless it. And no matter who doesn't believe or understand it, it's because it’s not for them, it's for YOU.
William H. Gass, Tests of Time|Here’s the inevitable truth: our hearts will always find something to worship, and that will motivate how we live.
Lorrie Moore|But that inadequacy, or feeling of inadequacy, never really goes away. You just have to trudge ahead in the rain, regardless.
Orlando Figes, A People's Tragedy: The Russian Revolution: 1891-1924|As a general rule, I am opposed to tax dollars being used for – well, damn near anything, barring mail delivery, law enforcement, and heavy artillery.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Life is a game. We must keep playing the game. The more we play, the more we will understand the game of life.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|However, at 17 years old, I was ready to face any challenge and tackle any obstacles blocking the road to my dreams. I was ready to take on the world. I was unstoppable. Bygones were bygones. The future, however uncertain it might be, awaited me.
Margaret Lesh, Normalish|As we pass the mirror in the bedroom, my attention is drawn to the lovely couple in the reflection. There is a man, tall with broad shoulders. His red hair cut short. He has nothing but a towel on. In his arms is a female, slender but muscular. Her wheat colored hair is pulled back in a neat bun on top of her head. Both of their skin is smooth and flawless, a little paler than most, but still complete perfection. You can tell by the way the man holds her, he cares a lot for her. You can also tell that he is afraid of holding her too tight, not wanting to crush her smaller frame into his body. Looking at this young pair in the mirror, one can only wonder of all the possibilities. What led them to this place? What is in store for them? Will there be a happy ending?
Mark Twain|Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of all growths. No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|The stag’s enormous head turned slightly—toward the wagon, toward the small window.The Lord of the North.So the people of Terrasen will always know how to find their way home, she’d once told Ansel as they lay under a blanket of stars and traced the constellation of the stag. So they can look up at the sky, no matter where they are, and know Terrasen is forever with them.
litymunshi|traditional folk music and dance in India ,specially women oriented . every folk music has a homely story where women are portraits as house wife within four walls ,who has only knowledge about her husband and households activities. world is for men . though this is changing now .
L.A. Weatherly|You do that, and I take back every nasty thing I've ever said about you."He grinned, his mood changing from serious to wicked in an instant. "Why? I'm all those things and more."I shook my head. Ian was more proud of his depravity than anyone I'd met, but if he helped me pull Bones out from under four bespelled vampires and one demonically-enchanced vamp, I'd shower him with prostitutes and porn while swearing he was an angel.
Rose Fall, How To Get Your Heart Broken|I stared at my lap. I wished I were confident, I wished I were brave. I wished he didn’t scare me. But the more he spoke the less I wanted to look away, and the more I did.
Zubair Saleem Fazal|If you accept mass production, you accept that a small number of people will supervise the daily existence of a much larger number of people. You accept that human beings will spend long hours, every day, engaged in repetitive work, while suppressing any desires for experience or activity beyond this work. The workers' behaviour becomes subject to the machine. With mass production, you also accept that huge numbers of identical items will need to be efficiently distributed to huge numbers of people and that institutions such as advertising will arise to do this. One technological process cannot exist without the other, creating symbiotic relationships among technologies themselves.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|If everything really does get better, the way everyone claims, then happiness should be graphable. But that's crap, because better isn't quantifiable.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|You are a beautiful, timeless, strong, eternal, blessed soul.
Henry David Thoreau|Our moments of inspiration are not lost though we have no particular poem to show for them; for those experiences have left an indelible impression, and we are ever and anon reminded of them. 
Dean Koontz|I hope to make people realize how totally helpless animals are, how dependent on us, trusting as a child must that we will be kind and take care of their needs.
Lord Dunsany, A Dreamer's Tales|On a waste place strewn with bricks in the outskirts of a town twilight was falling. A star or two appeared over the smoke, and distant windows lit mysterious lights. The stillness deepened and the loneliness. Then all the outcast things that are silent by day found voices.
Marty Rubin|There is a madness that is joy, and there is a madness that is just madness.
Elizabeth Parker, Bark Out Loud! Motivational Quotes Inspired by Dogs|If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?
Charli XCX|I am the guy dressing up in, you know, the caveman outfit for the kids' birthday parties.
Scott Weiland|Some bands today have the experience of really working together and honing their craft. And other bands are very much like, 'I just got a guitar for Christmas, let's start a band.' And you can hear the difference.
Harvey Fierstein|On the one hand, the idea of marriage and the sort of traditional family life repulses me. But on the other hand, I long for it, you know what I mean? I'm constantly in conflict with things. And it is because of my past and my upbringing and the journey that I've been on.
Glen Cook, The Black Company|To love and be loved, that is the miracle of youth
Christian D. Larson|The more grateful you are for everything good that comes into your life, the more closely you place your mind in contact with that power in life that can produce greater good.
Marieta Maglas|When love is sweet, the sweetness means its lightAnd light may keep the truth, when love is pure.But love is bitter, when it turns to fight.Lovers in a fight are quite immature.''From the poem ''A Note on Existentialist Love
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The open door is never behind you; the open door is always before you. Quit looking at your past life and mistakes. Look unto Jesus who is the Author and Perfector of our faith. Your open door is not in the opportunity you missed ten years ago, it is not in some stuffs behind you that you can't get back. You can't gain your access by giving attention to your past life.Your past days are behind you and what God has for you is in front of you. Just pay attention.
Heidi Klum|Restaurants and chefs have become followed by such a broad swath of the public, in a way that used to be reserved for sports stars, movie stars, and theater actors. Restaurants are in the firmament of today's common culture.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|Consider a man’s good qualities, and consider his faults; and judge his character by that which is more.
Jeffrey H. Jackson, Making Jazz French: Music and Modern Life in Interwar Paris|It is a good thing to go to Paris for a few days if you have had a lot of trouble, and that is my advice to everyone except Parisians.
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|Marriage cannot thrive on left-over attention, it has to get your best effort!
Blake Lively|If people could walk around in suits of energy, that would be cool. Other than that, I don't think men should wear spandex.
David Dinkins|I have come close to producing films. But generally by the time they hit the screen, there's about 50 people with producer credits, so what's the point. I usually find scripts I like with no money attached and take them to producers that I know and try to raise finance.
Laura Kaplan|Julia supposed that there was also a difference in perspective: 'The practical level was another level down [in 1960s social movements] and not so interesting. I don't know much about organizing, but I feel as though, if the reality of the situation doesn't change people's heads, then nothing's going to change their heads. Marches and those things are not the work of it. The work of it is whatever the work is.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|Chemistry has the same quickening and suggestive influence upon the algebraist as a visit to the Royal Academy, or the old masters may be supposed to have on a Browning or a Tennyson. Indeed it seems to me that an exact homology exists between painting and poetry on the one hand and modem chemistry and modem algebra on the other. In poetry and algebra we have the pure idea elaborated and expressed through the vehicle of language, in painting and chemistry the idea enveloped in matter, depending in part on manual processes and the resources of art for its due manifestation.
Robert Barltrop|The first premises of the Party...were two rooms above a corner junk shop, up two flights of rickety stairs. 'One felt' said a veteran member forty five years later in the Socialist Standard, that one was entering 'the heart of deep red revolution'.
Thomas Mallon|Between the three, Facebook is literally everyone I've ever shaken hands with at a conference or kissed on the cheek at Easter. Twitter seems to be everyone I am entertained by or I wish to meet some day. Foursquare seems to be everyone I run into on a regular basis. All three of those social graphs are powerful in their own.
Compton Gage|Number me the things that are not yet come- gather me together the dross that are scattered abroad- make me the flowers green again that are withered- Open me the places that are closed, and bring me forth the winds that in them are shut up- shew me the image of a voice: and then I will declare to thee the thing that thou labor to know.
William Ritter, Jackaby|He’s a lovely guy, but there’s no spark between us whatsoever. It just goes to show, that even with all their fancy assessment tools, the government can’t legislate for chemistry.
Anthony Doerr, Four Seasons in Rome: On Twins, Insomnia, and the Biggest Funeral in the History of the World|But why bother? Why exert all this effort to focus totally on the boring prattlings of a six-year-old?First, your willingness to do so is the best possible concrete evidence of your esteem you can give your child. If you give your child the same esteem you would give a great lecturer, then the child will know him- or herself to be valued and therefore will feel valuable. There is no better and ultimately no other way to teach your children that they are valuable people than by valuing them.Second, the more children feel valuable, the more they will begin to say things of value. They will rise to your expectation of them.Third, the more you listen to your child, the more you will realize that in amongst the pauses, the stutterings, the seemingly innocent chatter, your child does indeed have valuable things to say. The dictum that great wisdom comes from "the mouths of babes" is recognized as an absolute fact by anyone who truly listens to children. Listen to your child enough and you will come to realize that he or she is quite an extraordinary individual. And the more extraordinary you realize your child to be, the more you will be willing to listen. And the more you will learn.Fourth, the more you know about your child, the more you will be able to teach. Know little about your children, and usually you will be teaching things that either they are not ready to learn or they already know and perhaps understand better than you.Finally, the more children know that you value them, that you consider them extraordinary people, the more willing they will be to listen to you and afford you the same esteem. And the more appropriate your teaching, based on your knowledge of them, the more eager your children will be to learn from you. And the more they learn, the more extraordinary they will become. If the reader senses the cyclical character of this process, he or she is quite correct and is appreciating the truth of the reciprocity of love. Instead of a vicious downward cycle, it is a creative upward cycle of evolution and growth. Value creates value. Love begets love. Parents and child together spin forward faster and faster in the pas de deux of love.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|In any war story, but especially a true one, it's difficult to separate what happened from what seemed to happen. What seems to happen becomes its own happening and has to be told that way. The angles of vision are skewed. When a booby trap explodes, you close your eyes and duck and float outside yourself. .. The pictures get jumbled, you tend to miss a lot. And then afterward, when you go to tell about it, there is always that surreal seemingness, which makes the story seem untrue, but which in fact represents the hard and exact truth as it seemed.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|When I speak of God, I mean that god who prevented man from putting forth his hand and taking also of the fruit of the tree of life that he might live forever; of that god who multiplied the agonies of woman, increased the weary toil of man, and in his anger drowned a world—of that god whose altars reeked with human blood, who butchered babes, violated maidens, enslaved men and filled the earth with cruelty and crime; of that god who made heaven for the few, hell for the many, and who will gloat forever and ever upon the writhings of the lost and damned.
George R.R. Martin, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms|Strength to your arm, then.
Malala Yousafzai|History is an account, mostly false, of events, mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools.
Virginia Woolf, Night and Day|But it would have been a surprise, not only to Katherine herself, if some magic watch could have taken count of the moments spent in an entirely different occupation from her ostensible one.Sitting with faded papers before her, she took part in a series of scenes such as the taming of wild ponies upon the American prairies, or the conduct of a vast ship in a hurricane round a black promontory of rock, or in others more peaceful, but marked by her complete emancipation from her present surroundings and, needless to say, her surprising ability in her new vocation.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|When, in the course of development, class distinctions have disappeared and all production has been concentrated in the hands of a vast association of the whole nation, the public power will lose its political character. Political power, properly so called, is merely the organized power of one class for oppressing another. If the proletariat during its contest with the bourgeoisie is compelled, by the force of circumstances, to organize itself as a class, if, by means of a revolution, it makes itself the ruling class, and, as such, sweeps away by force the old conditions of production then it will, along with these conditions, have swept away the conditions for the existence of class antagonisms, and of classes generally, and will thereby have abolished its own supremacy as a class.In place of the old bourgeois society with its classes and class antagonisms we shall have an association in which the free development of each is the condition for the free development of all.
St. Clair, Georgette|And now,” he said, “You’re all sticky. You really need a shower. I happen to have a shower.”“You do?” her voice rose in a squeak.“Yes, I do. And if you’re wondering if that was just a transparent excuse to get your clothes off, then yes, it was. Because I really want to fuck you. I’m sorry, was that too crude?’              “Oh, no.” Her voice was faint, and her heart hammered against her chest. “Not at all. It’s just crude enough.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Though the face before me was that of a young woman of certainly not more than thirty years, in perfect health and the first flush of ripened beauty, yet it bore stamped upon it a seal of unutterable experience, and of deep acquaintance with grief and passion. Not even the slow smile that crept about the dimples of her mouth could hide the shadow of sin and sorrow. It shone even in the light of those glorious eyes, it was present in the air of majesty, and it seemed to say: 'Behold me, lovely as no woman was or is, undying and half-divine; memory haunts me from age to age, and passion leads me by the hand--evil have I done, and with sorrow have I made acquaintance from age to age, and from age to age evil shall I do, and sorrow shall I know till my redemption comes.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|A few days earlier, in front of his guests at his own birthday celebration, this man had started smashing his own crockery and tearing his and his wife's clothes, because he was not offered enough vodka; then he went on to break every stick of furniture in his house and smash all the windows, and he did it all for the "beauty" of the gesture, as Mr. Karamazov had just now.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|You are much more than your mistakes, much bigger than your failures and much more beautiful than your ugliest moment. The stumbles we experience in life may shame us or humble us with valuable tough lessons but they will never define who we truly are. No matter your mistake…it’s important to remember that You are someone’s light in the darkness; a beacon of love and hope and that should ALWAYS supersede the superficial imperfections we erroneously internalize. ~Jason Versey
Woodrow Wilson|Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.
Meg Howrey|Dignity and pride are not only two different feelings, but, in some ways, opposites.You can step on your pride to preserve your dignity. You can destroy your dignity because of your pride.
Richard House, The Kills|between hero and devil, with side you choice? i like to be a devil... king because this world are too peaceful, that will lead to no hero when there no devil to defeat
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|The self, when confined into the usual wakeful state of consciousness, is human, but when enters into the transcendental state of Absolute Oneness, becomes God. Basically, the human and the God are two sides of the same coin. Or to be more specific, the human self and the God self are both creations of molecules in the human brain.
Shel Silverstein|To harden the earththe rocks took charge:instantlythey grew wings:the rocksthat soared:the survivorsflew upthe lightning bolt,screamed in the night,a watermark,a violet sword,a meteor.The succulentskyhad not only clouds,not only space smelling of oxygen,but an earthly stoneflashing here and therechanged into a dove,changed into a bell,into immensity, into a piercingwind:into a phosphorescent arrow,into salt of the sky.
Nathanael West, Miss Lonelyhearts and A Cool Million|I remember a time when a cabbage could sell itself by being a cabbage. Nowadays it’s no good being a cabbage – unless you have an agent and pay him a commission. Nothing is free anymore to sell itself or give itself away. These days, Countess, every cabbage has its pimp.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|Mechanized warfare still left room for human qualities to play an important part in the issue. ‘Automatic warfare’ cancels them out, except in a passive form. Archidamus is at last being justified. Courage, skill and patriotism become shrinking assets. The most virile nation might not be able to withstand another, inferior to it in all natural qualities, if the latter had some decisively superior technical appliance. (...)The advent of ‘automatic warfare’ should make plain the absurdity of warfare as a means of deciding nations’ claims to superiority. It blows away romantic vapourings about the heroic virtues of war, utilized by aggressive and ambitious leaders to generate a military spirit among their people. They can no longer claim that war is any test of a people’s fitness, or even of its national strength. Science has undermined the foundations of nationalism, at the very time when the spirit of nationalism is most rampant.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|How can they ask why I feel so angry? Do you see my problem if I never explain it?But then there's you asking me how long. Say something, it's taken me so long.
Andrew  Smith, 100 Sideways Miles|If a sperm can give the berth to a human. Definitely sperm is powerful energy. So never waste it and burn this energy inside your body then see the difference.Science doesn't know more than 0.000% about the universe.Science is not even able to measure the strength of trust,true love and all.I have proved it.
Stephen R. Donaldson, The Mirror of Her Dreams|The speed felt tremendous. And the bottom of the ravine was treacherous. She ought to control her mount somehow - slow it; steer it to safer footing. Of course. And while she was at it, she ought to defeat the Alend Monarch's army, take care of Master Gilbur and the arch-Imager Vagel, and produce peace on earth. While composing great music with her free hand. Instead of doing all that, however, she concentrated with a pure white intensity that resembled terror on simply staying in the saddle
Enrico Colantoni|Societies need rules that make no sense for individuals. For example, it makes no difference whether a single car drives on the left or on the right. But it makes all the difference when there are many cars!
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|A monk should surely love his books with humility, wishing their good and not the glory of his own curiosity; but what the temptation of adultery is for laymen and the yearning for riches is for secular ecclesiastics, the seduction of knowledge is for monks.
Pete Townshend, Who I Am|We are so excited that, in the strangely illuminating phrase my mother favours, we’re completely beside ourselves.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Vulnerability sounds like truth and feels like courage. Truth and courage aren't always comfortable, but they're never weakness.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Only having valued a thing, can you truly be thankful. You can not be sincerely thankful for what you have not valued.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Maybe that is the greatest of wonders: that we can be shaped so much by those we've known closely, and equally by those we've never known at all - and that we too can change the world long after we've left it.
Lisa Kessler, Breath of Passion|She didn’t warn you about me?”	“Should she have?”	Erica finished her drink, relishing the burn in her belly and the flush of heat in her cheeks as she nodded “Definitely.”	His gaze smoldered. “It’s a good thing danger is my calling, then.
Jenny B. Jones, There You'll Find Me|Sometimes, I am my own worst enemy.
Jason Silva|Meat is a big deal in my life. I do love breakfast food, but I don't think that's extraordinary. I'm a normal American. We love eggs and meat and potatoes and gravy.
Jonathan Culver|If it aint broke, break it. Then build something better.
Tony D'Souza, The Konkans|Women in India experience much worse suffering, humiliation and slavery in all spheres than even the untouchables.
Eliot Schrefer, The New Kid|She positions herself on a stool in front of a giant washing machine, watching her garments twirl in flashing patterns of red and white on a sea of black. It subdues her, that clothes can be washed in Boston or Rome and look the same for it, that she can step on an airplane and be anywhere else in the civilized world within a day and wear the same clothes and be the same person. That the small realities stay knitted together!
Dallas Willard, The Great Omission: Reclaiming Jesus's Essential Teachings on Discipleship|The question is not whether or not change and challenge are going to happen. They are. The question is, when they do happen, how are we going to choose to look at them, contextualize them, and navigate them?
Michael T. Flynn|The world has lost faith in American leadership, and the threats are mounting.
Dana Marton, Deathwish|The town , wrapped in red and green, greeted him, welcome him home as he drove down familiar streets. Driving his old truck filled Hunter with pleasure. He didn't have to look for IEDs on the side of the road. He grinned all the way to the apartment, enjoying the ride, the peace of the nigh, the old brick buildings on Main Street, the holiday finery, the palpable presence of town spirit.	He parked his truck in front of the apartment building that Ethan owned as a side business, and suddenly couldn't wait another second. He hurried up the front stairs, down the inside styaircase, then just about ran down the hallway to his basement-level unit.	He had his key in his hand, but the doorknob turned easily as he put his hand on it. Cindy had left the door open for him.	He grinned like a fool as he walked in. The loose floorboard in the middle of the living room creaked a familiar welcome as he passed his army duffel bag on the floor where he'd dumped it earlier. Cindy's little pink purse sat on his brown leather couch like a cupcake on a tray.	"Cindy?" He strode toward the bedroom in the back, his smile spreading as he anticipated a private party. If she was waiting for him naked in bed, the proposal would have to wait a litt. "Honey?"	But she wasn't waiting for him naked.	She was waiting for him dead.
Dixie Waters|When love breaks your heart, you need to remember, even a broken heart still has a beat.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|We are at the tail end of a decline in infant mortality that began just over a century ago. Babies no longer wander into open hearths or are mauled by marauding pigs. We have vaccines, lead-free educational toys, diapers that can sop up a typhoon. But we have never been more worried.
Paula Stokes, Liars, Inc.|Feelings do not grow old along with the body. Feelings form part of a world I don’t know, but it’s a world where there’s no time, so space, no frontiers.
Jeanette LeBlanc|Let the kindness and the raw, aching beauty of the universe shatter you over and over again. find peace in the knowledge that your whole is composed of the sum of all of your beautifully broken pieces. because breaking is becoming.
Timothy Schaffert, The Coffins of Little Hope|Many African societies divide humans into three categories: those still alive on the earth, the sasha, and the zamani. The recently departed whose time on earth overlapped with people still here are the sasha, the living-dead. They are not wholly dead, for they still live in the memories of the living, who can call them to mind, create their likeness in art, and bring them to life in anecdote. When the last person to know an ancestor dies, that ancestor leaves the sasha for the zamani, the dead. As generalised ancestors, the zamani are not forgotten but revered. Many … can be recalled by name. But they are not the living-dead. There is a difference.
Jennifer Priester, Mortal Realm Witch: Realms Unite?|Star, pillows don't attack dogs," Sam said."Or anything else," Turtle added.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|For great many species today, “fitness” means the ability to get along in a world in which humankind has become the most powerful evolutionary force.
Markus Zusak|There are two types of optimism, real optimism and fake, cowardly optimism. Real optimism sees the Valley of Dry Bones and says, ‘These bones will rise!’ Fake, cowardly optimism says, ‘I like these bones. Dry bones are so very artistic to look at.
Mehmet Murat ildan|[On Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz]The answer is unknowable, but it may not be unreasonable to see him, at least in theological terms, as essentially a deist. He is a determinist: there are no miracles (the events so called being merely instances of infrequently occurring natural laws); Christ has no real role in the system; we live forever, and hence we carry on after our deaths, but then everything — every individual substance — carries on forever.
Sean J Halford, Stronger Than Lions|In trying to explain life we have reduced it to a series of chemical reactions, whether it be the burning of glucose in mitochondria to create energy, or the folding of proteins to make bile, or pollen, or blood. Zoom out to where we perceive things, the titanic mathematics of it all is silent. We have twisted our thoughts and feelings into all sorts of psychological origami about whether these things are a result of evolution, intelligent design, or creation ex nihilo, and for all we know, our little planet is the only place that holds all of this wonder in a void that is too staggeringly huge to conceive.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|Could two live that way? Could two live under the wild rose, and explore by the pond, so that the smooth mind of each is as everywhere present to the other, and as received and as unchallenged, as falling snow?
Tom Holland, In the Shadow of the Sword: The Birth of Islam and the Rise of the Global Arab Empire|[T]here [is] no limit to what might not be achieved by an alliance between an imperial monarchy and revelations, if truly believed to be heaven-sent, of a prophet.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I am not here to merely argue about the perplexities regarding theism or philosophy, but to be a light to the world and to reach out to those who long to be a part of that light.
Thomas Lewis, A General Theory of Love|Being well regulated in relatedness is the deeply gratifying state that people seek ceaselessly in romance, religions, and cults; in husbands and wives, pets, softball teams, bowling leagues, and a thousand other features of human life driven by the thirst for sustaining affiliations. (157)
Geri Halliwell|To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever you're wrong, admit it; Whenever you're right, shut up.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|To abandon a child, she had once said to someone, when she thought Cassandra couldn't hear, was an act so cold, so careless, it refused forgiveness.
Bodhidharma|I was interested in political failure here in the U.S. The way we're failing to work together to solve even our smallest problems, let alone the complex ones.
Giovanni Ribisi|I'm really thankful to God, man. Like now, I'm really making a real comeback with my group. With or without a record, with or without a movie. And behind all the negative press behind this movie.
Deyth Banger|If I go outside, I will be prepared but you inside and outside will stuck again and again without a gain!
Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Sound - The Grand Cosmic Conspiracy|When we say two bodies 'touch', what we mean (without knowing it) is that both electromagnetic fields are interacting to avoid physical interpenetration and ... that happens well before subatomic particles touch!
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|Every war and conflict that the United States enters has its own ROE [rules of engagement]. Contrary to what most people think, the U.S. military does not have a complete license to kill, even in wartime. We are not a barbaric state, and we do not enter any war with the intention of unilaterally killing anything in our path. We go out of our way to spare civilian lives, to keep those who are not in the war out of it--sometimes even at the expense of risking our own soldiers' safety. We do this by creating strict rules to which our soldies adhere. These rules govern when they can fire, when they cannot; what type of force they can use, what type they cannot; what they can do in particular situations, and what they cannot. The reason for this is that battles can become very confusing very quickly, and a common soldier needs simple rules to guide him, to know when he is or is not allowed to kill--and who is and is not the enemy.
Dubravka Ugrešić|Who knows, maybe one day there will no longer be Literature. Instead there will be literary web sites. Like those stars, still shining but long dead, the web sites will testify to the existence of past writers. There will be quotes, fragments of texts, which prove that there used to be complete texts once. Instead of readers there will be cyber space travelers who will stumble upon the websites by chance and stop for a moment to gaze at them. How they will read them? Like hieroglyphs? As we read the instructions for a dishwasher today? Or like remnants of a strange communication that meant something in the past, and was called Literature?
Kofi Annan|I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The freedom to share one's insights and judgments verbally or in writing is, just like the freedom to think, a holy and inalienabl e right of humanity that, as a universal human right, is above all the rights of princes.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|TOMORROW’S WILLSilent world, I find myself,Glad no one hears my thoughts.In dark cocoon, I hibernate,Yet spirit spills every thought.A second chance to try again.The risks I know too well.Two sunsets turning into six-Awaits tomorrow's will.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|An older man who seems to be the leader of the Jesus Tshirt group says that the Bible forbids abortion in its commandment “Thou shall not kill.”But being in the Bible Belt, people really know their Bible, and an older woman cites Exodus 21:22–23, a passage that says a man who causes a pregnant woman to miscarry must pay a fine but is not charged with murder, not unless the woman herself dies.Thus the Bible is making clear, that a dependent life is not the same as an independent life.
Cyrus S. Poonawalla|My dad's method in his madness was to try every sport and then observe what I liked. I played football, tennis, golf, cricket but I loved my snooker.
Julie Andrews|I think my type of personality has all music inside of it, so I am full of music, without even knowing it, without even learning it, without even hearing it.
Jane Poynter|I'm no romantic, surfing, California boy. I like reading, writing, philosophizing. Scheming. I've been doing some exploration of the inner space.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Your ideas have legs and just as they run through your head, they could be running through someone else's head and it's just a matter of who gets to the finish line first. Nothing is new under the sun so act on your ideas.
George W. Bush|As a result of the strategic patience policy, we now have North Korea testing four times an atomic weapon; they've violated numerous United Nations sanctions, U.S. sanctions by launching ballistic missile tests.
Hubert Martin|I was the wings that kept her aloft, while the churning sea of reality nipped at her feet. I kept her from drowning, but I still felt bad, that her toes had to experience such dreadful cold.
Jesse Ball, A Cure for Suicide|– Some people forget, do you know – they forget what it is like to be young, to feel things ruthlessly, terribly. If you forget that much of life, well, I don’t know.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes|In Jiu Jitsu, we often fall into the trap of simply trying a technique "harder," rather than recognizing that it is a poorly chosen tool for the task at hand.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Memories tell me who I was, not who I’ll become. They don’t fix the present any more than they fix the past.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|A warmth spread throughtout Keirah's body, in part from the closeness of Kathel, but mostly because she knew that he had meant Wharick. Kathel hadn't even spoken Wharick's name, but at the very inclination of her mate, Keirah's body had responded.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Amen” means ‘Yes’, it is done, glory to God!
Catherine Weaver|Patience is a virtue Savannah, to tolerate delay. It implies self control and forbearance, as opposed to wanting what we want when we want it. Something to think about. . .Catherine Weaver (Character), "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles
David Ogden Stiers|After a hundred years the son of the King then reigning, who was of another family from that of the sleeping Princess, was a-hunting on that side of the country, and he asked what those towers were which he saw in the middle of a great thick wood.
Kelly Thompson, The Girl Who Would Be King|Destiny doesn't always come when it's convenient or when you think it should. It comes when you're ready, whether you know it or not.
Taimoor Madni|And when I started to cry as I pulled into my driveway,it was coming down hard enough that I could pretend that it was only the rain hitting my face, and not the fact that I'd just lost another friend.
Stephanie Clifford, Everybody Rise|Basch: So why don't you ask her out?The Runt: I'm scared she wouldn't like me and say no.-So what? What have you got to lose?-The possibility -if she says no- that she might have said yes. Whatever I do, I don't want to lose that possibility.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|The store was empty, without a single customer or employee. It appeared in the Internet age, pianos, like physical books, were fast becoming culturally extinct. They’d probably stay that way unless Apple invented the iPiano, which fit inside your pocket and could be mastered via text message. With the iPiano, anyone can be an iMozart. Then, you could compose your own iRequiem for your own iFuneral attended by millions of your iFriends who iLoved you.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|I am in favour of illusion, not alienation... Drama must create a factitious spell-binding present moment and imprison the spectator in it. The theatre apes the profound truth that we are extended beings who yet can only exist in the present.
Justin Halpern|See, you think I give a shit. Wrong. In fact, while you talk, I'm thinking; How can I give less of shit? That's why I look interested.
Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead|Ivy!' I stammered, then glared at Kisten. 'You told Ivy? Thanks a hell of a lot. Want to call my mom next?
bell hooks, Talking Back: Thinking Feminist, Thinking Black|Maintaining connections with family and community across class boundaries demands more than just summary recall of where one’s roots are, where one comes from. It requires knowing, naming, and being ever-mindful of those aspects of one’s past that have enabled and do enable one’s self-development in the present, that sustain and support, that enrich. One must also honestly confront barriers that do exist, aspects of that past that do diminish.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|O God, that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains!" - Cassio (Act II, Scene iii)
Heinrich Harrer, Seven Years in Tibet|There were only three names on the map of the region we had brought with us, but we now filled in more than two hundred.
Dan Greenberg|In the silence I heard Bastet, who had retreated under the bed, carrying on a mumbling, profane monologue. (If you ask how I knew it was profane, I presume you have never owned a cat.)
Cecelia Ahern, PS, I Love You|Holly's theory about the army," Sharon explained.And what is it?" Denise asked, intrigued.Oh, that fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
Chris Hardwick|Instead of showing strangers kindness and giving them the benefit of the doubt, we increasingly show them only fear, and that is bad for us and them.
Andrea Dworkin, Intercourse|Class never runs scared.It is sure-footed and confident.It can handle anything that comes along.Class has a sense of humor.It knows a good laugh is the best lubricant for oiling the machinery of human relations.Class never makes excuses.It takes its lumps and learns from past mistakes.Class knows that good manners are nothing more than a series of small, inconsequential sacrifices.Class bespeaks an aristocracy that has nothing to do with ancestors or money.Some wealthy “blue bloods” have no class, while individuals who are struggling to make ends meet are loaded with it.Class is real.It can’t be faked.Class never tried to build itself by tearing others down.Class is already up and need not strive to look better by making others look worse.Class can “walk with kings and keep it’s virtue and talk with crowds and keep the common touch.” Everyone is comfortable with the person who has class because that person is comfortable with himself.If you have class, you’ve got it made.If you don’t have class, no matter what else you have, it doesn’t make any difference.
Elena Toledo|When the corruption seems to go all the way to the end of the world, the only good approach is through the front door with a gun in each hand.
Dada Bhagwan|God has said not to create any accounts (karmic). Create accounts (only) if you have the knowledge of the future. Hey! If you want to start an account, then why don’t you account for the possibility that you may die tomorrow?
Rasheed Ogunlaru|We spend so much time trying to change others – in part – because we do not deeply believe in and embrace ourselves as we already are. And so more often than not we do not learn to trust and utilize our gifts and power whole-heartedly enough to pursue and fulfill our own passions, purpose and possibilities.
Alison Weir|My mother sent me to psychiatrists since the age of four because she didn't think little boys should be sad. When my brother was born, I stared out the window for days. Can you imagine that?
Terry Spear, Dragon Fae|I guess I'll wake up tomorrow and find I'm not in Kansas anymore.""You're from Kansas?" Most of Kansas was not a lion fae territory. She'd heard the cobra fae loved to go there, however.
Avijeet Das|A world that does not love, respect and protect its Women is doomed to perish! Because Women are Mother Earth!
Caleb Deschanel|It's all about the sensuality of movement, every movement you make. That's why I love doing action movies. It's all about movement, dance - even if you're hitting someone in the face. You've got to sell it all with great passion. There's a narrative to the body. It's exactly the same as dance.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Dex had taught her well, and now he would pay.
Elizabeth Strout, Olive Kitteridge|Understand ... I don't hate her, I hate what she's become. I hate her illness.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Life isn't fair, it's just fairer than death, that's all.
Enzo Ferrari|My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you I the best place for the next moment.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Politics means implementation of the best ideas for the society in the path of wellbeing and progress. This is the approach that gave the world, leaders of glorious characters such as Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King Jr., Subhas Chandra Bose (the actual man behind India’s Independence), Vasil Levski (the man who liberated Bulgaria from the Ottoman oppression), Nelson Mandela and many more. These people were technically politicians too, but unlike the majority of the politicians ofmodern society, their approach to politics was what it should be in a real system of politics.
Karan Mahajan, The Association of Small Bombs|Every way he turned, his past was detonated, revealing tunnels and alternative routes under the packed, settled earth of the present.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Ephemerals: That's what Hub called them; flowers that bloomed and died in a matter of weeks, before the trees leafed out and shaded them. She liked the way the word sounded in her head. I am an ephemeral. It made her feel like something passing and precious.
Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living|Thoughts, words, emotions & deeds not coming from love are likely coming from fear.
Dylan Thomas|Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|It was the 'Are the boys doing it?' basis on which I finally decided I was against women wearing burkas. Yes, the idea is that it protects your modesty, and ensures that people regard you as a human being, rather than just a sexual object (...) But who are you being protected from? Men. And who - so long as you play by the rules, and wear the correct clothes - is protecting you from the men? Men. And who is it that is regarding you as a sexual object, instead of another human being, in the first place? Men. Well. This all seems like quite a man-based problem, really. (...) I don't know why we're suddenly having to put things on our heads to make it better.
John Darnielle|My tunnel vision work ethic is very hard to come by, I believe. I have had an unwavering faith in myself and my career for as long as I can remember.
Peggy Toney Horton, Somewhere in Heaven My Mother is Smiling|Writing unlocks the heart, mind and soul that we may be receptive to God's blessings.
Margaret Cho|Everyone talks about how, in your 30s, all of these growing pains transition into wisdom and you feel more self-assured and confident, but I think I had a bit of a jump-start on that at 27.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|We spread our sleeping bags on the snow and crawled inside. The vantage point was dizzying. It was impossible to tell whether the comet was above us or we were above the comet; we were all falling through space, missing the stars by inches.
Michio Kaku|You get moments all the time that kind of make you pinch yourself, some of them make you quite emotional. Winning a BRIT was a big moment because we were just so excited to be at the awards in the first place. Selling out Madison Square Garden was pretty amazing too. Then we woke to the news that our UK tour was sold out. It was crazy.
Jim Butcher, Side Jobs: Stories from the Dresden Files|When the mouse laughs at the cat, there's a hole nearby.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|A person doesn't ever truly know another person. They have a whole life, years and years of memories and experiences. You cannot ever know what they have felt in situations, what has happened to them, what made them who they are. So you cannot judge a person ever, not unless you somehow manage to learn their whole life.
Hans Christian Hollenbeck, Highpoint|The more I know, the more I realize that I don't know much at all...
Auliq Ice|It was always the secrets that hurt us, wasn't it? Not the telling of them.
Akif Kichloo|No matter how much you try, succeed, achieve, give, love, care or share, there will always be that one person who needs to bring you down. So, hold your head high and know you have done it and nobody can take that away.
Joss Whedon|Very occasionally, if you pay really close attention, life doesn't suck.
Robin Bielman, Take a Risk Bundle|You okay?" He moved past her into the kitchen and deposited his beer bottle in the sink. "You're all flushed."	"I'm fine," she said a little too quickly. "It's hot in here, that's all."	Oh sure. It was a little hot anywhere he was. The kitchen...the living room... the polar ice caps...
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom and Destiny|Oh! if, when we oppress and grind our fellow-creatures, we bestowed but one thought on the dark evidences of human error, which, like dense and heavy clouds, are rising, slowly it is true, but not less surely, to Heaven, to pour their after-vengeance on our heads; if we heard but one instant, in imagination, the deep testimony of the dead men's voices, which no power can stifle, and no pride shut out; where would be the injury and injustice: the suffering, misery, cruelty, and wrong: that each day's life brings with it!
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens|It is frightfully difficult to know much about the fairies, and almost the only thing for certain is that there are fairies wherever there are children.
Jay Duplass|A big part of making music is the discovery aspect, is the surprise aspect. That's why I think I'll always love sampling. Because it involves combining the music fandom: collecting, searching, discovering music history, and artifacts of recording that you may not have known existed and you just kind of unlock parts of your brain, you know?
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Bite Their Neighbors|because daytime leaves vampires less than, well, conscious, I told him, “Take your muffins to Boston and shut it, Terrance.” And then I hung up on him.
Katie MacAlister, The Importance of Being Alice|Hell yeah, Alex Cortez wanted to be the best man at his sister's destination wedding. A party in Jamaica or maybe Bora Bora. Bring it on, baby.	Then Luciana had hit him with the real destination: the dilapidated farm in Iowa where they'd grown up.	Hell. No.	Except he couldn't decline, not after she'd waited a full year while he completed his last tour with the Marines so he could attend.
Debasish Mridha|By nature men are uncontrollable and wild, and it should be, but women have the key to control them, if they know how to use it.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico studied his face – his sea-green eyes, his grin, his ruffled black hair. Somehow Percy Jackson seemed like a regular guy now, not a mythical figure. Not someone to idolize or crush on.
Sherry Turkle|She wanted to ask about the McCaffreys' children, but the question seemed too personal. Westerners were private sorts, in Evangeline's judgment, with more than their share of secrets. "It scares me a little," she confessed. "The idea of being so alone, I mean."June-bug favored her with another smile. "Bein' alone ain't necessarily bad, you know. A person can come to understand herself real well that way. Some folks pass their whole lives without learnin' a thing about their own minds and spirits, but out here, all you've got to do is pay attention.
Patti LaBelle|I ran track in college. And that team, that all-lady team that I was on, I can remember just being so incredibly sad that I knew we were all going to leave each other after we graduated and that our lives would change. And even though I was the bridesmaid at all their weddings and stuff like that, it's just not the same, right?
Jayce O'Neal|When God calls us to do something, its rarely safe but its always right.
Stephen Chbosky|With ancient history writers most immediately in view, the author indicates "tendency to look to the virtues and vices of individuals when seeking causes.
|Everything remains the same if your thought pattern stays unchanged. For any permanent positive change to happen in your life, you MUST first change yourself on the inside. Start paying close attention to your daily thoughts, so that you could be able to detect, challenge, and replace any of them that speaks against your true destiny.
Paul Walker|I suppose all fictional characters, especially in adventure or heroic fiction, at the end of the day are our dreams about ourselves. And sometimes they can be really revealing.
John Dryden|Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|It could be a meeting on the street, or a party or a lecture, or just a simple, banal introduction, then suddenly there is a flash of recognition and the embers of kinship glow. There is an awakening between you, a sense of ancient knowing.
Nikki Rowe|Your attitude will either make or break you, we cannot change fate and the tragedies that enter our lives but we can choose how we want them to change us.
J.E. Keep, Theodora's Descent|He came through the door howling, an axe arched high over his head. His eyes danced in madness, stuck fast on the two of them kissing, caught in their embrace and unaware of him. For a moment they went on, oblivious, untouched by the madman soon to come. It was a bright bubble of illusion on the eve of utter and complete madness. She was the first to see. The image of her stepfather captured in Mateo’s eyes, the furious glee of the Nazi’s vengeance, sharp and mirrored in their emerald beauty. Soon those eyes were wide with terror and sorrow in a moment of unbidden regret caught at the end of such happiness.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|There’s something about arriving in new cities, wandering empty streets with no destination. I will never lose the love for the arriving, but I'm born to leave.
Jessie Burton, The Muse|I’m doing the absolute opposite of giving myself away. As far as I’m concerned, I’ll be completely visible. If the painting sells, I’ll be in Paris, hanging on a wall. If anything, I’m being selfish. It’s perfect; all the freedom of creation, with none of the fuss.
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|God provides the food, men provide the cooks.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|His strength kept me moving forward, and it was also tearing me apart.
Gerry Adams|When you bat, you need to have a lot of patience. I started training for it from the age of eight or nine. So, I knew what I needed when I stepped on the field to bat.
Emmanuella Elma|beberapa orang bilangsaya gilabeberapa orang bilang saya bodohnamun, beberapa orang bilang saya sedang jatuh cinta
Marian Babson, The Cat Next Door|Their world has changed overnight ...Even after the trial, after the verdict -- whatever it might be -- life would never be the same again.That was the truth of murder.
Jonathan Franzen|We who were not so pathologically far out on the spectrum of self-involvement, we dwellers of the visible spectrum who could imagine how it felt to go beyond violet but were not ourselves beyond it, could see that David was wrong not to believe in his lovability and could imagine the pain of not believing in it. How easy and natural love is if you are well! And how gruesomely difficult--what a philosophically daunting contraption of self-interest and self-delusion love appears to be--if you are not! And yet ... the difference between well and not well is in more respects a difference of degree than of kind. Even though David laughed at my much milder addictions and liked to tell me that I couldn't even conceive of how moderate I was, I can still extrapolate from these addictions, and from the secretiveness and solipsism and radical isolation and raw animal craving that accompany them, to the extremity of his. I can imagine the sick mental pathways by which suicide comes to seem like the one consciousness-quenching substance that nobody can take away from you.
Israelmore Ayivor|God created everyone to love and to be loved; If you will not take care of people, just leave them as they came...DON'T SCRATCH THEM with your actions.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fish are small, but do not drown in the sea. Ships are big, but sink in the ocean.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Every true love and friendship is a story of unexpected transformation. If we are the same person before and after we loved, that means we haven't loved enough.
Gulzar|I had spent the dayfriendless, lonely and sad,a stranger to myself.After drowning the dayon the sea shore,I walked backto my empty houseon the deserted street.The momentI opened the door,the book on my tableflipped its pagesand said:"Friend,Where were youfor so long?
Ritchie Blackmore|Theo van Doesburg wanted to teach in the Bauhaus in 1922. I refused, however, to appoint him since I considered him to be too aggressive and too rigidly theoretical: he would have wrought havoc in the Bauhaus through his fanatic attitude, which ran counter to my own broader approach.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|Cripples are not the stuff of romance. Only Lord Byron, dragging his club foot, springs to mind as an exception to the rule, but such a failing in a man is regarded as interesting, even provocative, rather than disfiguring. Women must submit to a more exacting measure.
Charmian Hussey, The Valley of Secrets|People aren't always who they seem, Detective. Am I anything like you thought?""No," I admitted. You're a million times better than I could have imagined.
Heather  Robinson, Wall of Stone|The first draft doesn't have to be perfect, but it does have to be written!
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|And when I read, and really I do not read so much, only a few authors, - a few men that I discovered by accident - I do this because they look at things in a broader, milder and more affectionate way than I do, and because they know life better, so that I can learn from them.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|For fear, real fear, such as shakes you to your foundation, such as you feel when you are brought face to face with your mortal end, nestles in your memory like a gangrene: it seeks to rot everything, even the words with which to speak of it. So you must fight hard to express it. You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it. Because if you don't, if your fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, you open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you.
Jodhi May|If the rights of civil partners are met differently in law to those of married couples, there is no discrimination in law, and if civil partnerships are seen as somehow 'second class' that is a social attitude which will change and cannot, in any case, be turned around by redefining the law of marriage.
Anthony Browne|Although it is generally known, I think it's about time to announce that I was born at a very early age.
Countney Allison Moulton|You will find angels everywhere if you just stop looking for a supernatural being with feathered wings. When you see the sunshine through the clouds in a cold day, there the angel is! Anything good, anything useful, anything which gives you peace, they are all real angels! Look around you, you will see thousands of angels!
Evgeny Morozov|The human brain now holds the key to our future. We have to recall the image of the planet from outer space: a single entity in which air, water, and continents are interconnected. That is our home.
A.M. Homes, This Book Will Save Your Life|Suffering is normal. Pain is normal, it is part of life... What is its texture, the weight of our suffering? What is its meaning? Begin by touching it, by coming close to it, accepting it: Hello, suffering, I am here with you. I am beside you, one with you, I am you. I am suffering.
Lee Strobel, What Jesus Would Say: To Rush Limbaugh, Madonna, Bill Clinton, Michael Jordan, Bart Simpson, and You|He's firmly, irrevocably, unambiguously convinced that you're somebody worth dying for.
Mika Waltari, Egipcjanin Sinuhe, tom 2|Sometimes it might be kinder to kill a man, than to take his dreams from him.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|Stop explaining to others, people will only understand from their level of discernment.
Meg Cabot, Queen of Babble|There will be no more British guys. Unless they are members of the royal family, of course. 
Jessica Stern, Denial: A Memoir of Terror|This book is a memoir - not of specific life events, but of the processes of dissociation, and of re-enlivening emotions that are shameful to admit or even to feel. It is an account of the altered states that trauma induces, which make it possible to survive a life-threatening event but impair the capacity to feel fear, and worse still, impair the ability to love. (292)
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|As a leader, you have to disbelieve what you can’t do. It’s by so doing that you can believe in what you can do. It’s only by disbelieving that it can fly that the horse keeps galloping!
Elizabeth Kay, Back To The Divide|Hardly anyone understands the principles behind magic,"scoffed Betony. "It's too difficult.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|There came an awful day when I picked up the phone and knew at once, as one does with some old friends even before they speak, that it was Edward. He sounded as if he were calling from the bottom of a well. I still thank my stars that I didn't say what I nearly said, because the good professor's phone pals were used to cheering or teasing him out of bouts of pessimism and insecurity when he would sometimes say ridiculous things like: 'I hope you don't mind being disturbed by some mere wog and upstart.' The remedy for this was not to indulge it but to reply with bracing and satirical stuff which would soon get the gurgling laugh back into his throat. But I'm glad I didn't say, 'What, Edward, splashing about again in the waters of self-pity?' because this time he was calling to tell me that he had contracted a rare strain of leukemia. Not at all untypically, he used the occasion to remind me that it was very important always to make and keep regular appointments with one’s physician.
Debasish Mridha|Be gentle, kind and loving to yourself.
Enock Maregesi|Heshima hujengwa kwa hekima, haijengwi kwa misuli.
Anna Castle, Murder by Misrule|Tom." Mrs. Sprye's tone was severe. "I expect you to look after this boy, not encourage him to go about brawling in the street. In broad daylight!"Tom was stung. "It's nigh impossible to brawl in the dark, Mrs. Sprye. And look—" He put his hands on Trumpet's shoulders and turned him full circle. "Scarcely a scratch on him. A bit dirty, true, but I believe that Pygmies can be washed.
Caroline B. Cooney, Losing Christina Collection|Consider the subtleness of the sea; how its most dreaded creatures glide under water, unapparent for the most part, and treacherously hidden beneath the loveliest tints of azure.
Phoebe Stone, The Boy on Cinnamon Street|So why did you want to kiss me?""We're friends aren't we?" Callum shrugged.I relaxed into a smile. "Of course we are.""And if you can't kiss your friends who can you kiss?" Callum smiled.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|We’re toasting the chlorophyll rising in our bodies, catching the energy from the universe. Nobody’s ever been young like we are right at this moment.
Cassi Clark, Breastfeeding is a Bitch: But We Lovingly Do It Anyway|If we wear our nursing covers backwards like capes, then everyone can see we're breastfeeding superheroes.
Charles Yu, Sorry Please Thank You: Stories|Things go backward.And then, one day, whatever it is we had, it’s gone. It won’t come back. We both know it.Whatever it is she let me have, she has taken it away. Whatever it is when two people agree to briefly occupy the same space, agree to allow their lives to overlap in some small area, some temporary region of the world, a region they create through love or convenience, or for us, something even more meager, whatever that was, it has collapsed, it has closed. She has closed herself to me.
Yōko Ogawa|he should have done all things otherwise: poignant regrets, weary, incessant toiling of the mind to change what was unchangeable, to plan what was now useless, to be the architect of the irrevocable past.
Monica Johnson|I've always been spiritual but I've never had a proper context, and it took me awhile to find the proper context. It's hard to realize you can have any kind of relationship with God you want... and so I now have a punk rock relationship with God.
Daniel J. Rice, The Unpeopled Season: Journal from a North Country Wilderness|Sometimes I feel like I’m not solid. I’m hollow. There’s nothing behind my eyes. I’m a negative of a person. All I want is blackness, blackness and silence.
Kowtham Kumar K|Rather than being a human, be a humanitarian
Henry Cloud, Necessary Endings: The Employees, Businesses, and Relationships That All of Us Have to Give Up in Order to Move Forward|I really don't want to go in a place and to repeat the stuff like to watch Limitless all day, one moment I get bored I need to focus on something else.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|She had all her life long been accustomed to harbor thoughts and emotions which never voiced themselves… They belonged to her her and were her own, and she entertained the conviction that she had a right to them and they they concerned no one but herself.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|The Death House back then was a self-contained unit, with its own hospital, kitchen, exercise yard and visiting room. The cells were inadequate, dark, and did not have proper sanitary facilities or ventilation. One window and skylight furnished the ventilation and light of the entire unit. Twelve cells were on the lower tier, six on each side, facing each other, with a narrow corridor between them. Five cells were located in an upper tier. There was an area the prisoners called the Dance Hall that housed a prisoner to be executed on his last day. The narrow corridor connected the Dance Hall to the execution room, where the Electric Chair resided. The prisoners named this corridor the Last Mile or the Green Mile, because this was the last walk a prisoner would take all the way to the small green riveted door at the end of the corridor, on his way to the execution room.
Shelly Thacker, His Stolen Bride|It had seemed entirely sensible at the time. A simple way to test the truth of her claim that she had lain with de Villiers. To show her that lying to him was useless. To make a point.Instead, he had ignited a desire that burned him like none he had ever felt before.He had expected Lady Laurien d'Amboise to be a timid little convent mouse. Quiet and passive and pliant. Easily manageable. Instead she was outspoken and strong-willed...and stunning in a way he could not even describe.An innocent beauty caught up in a deadly game that was none of her making....Malcolm rose to leave, chuckling."And what is there to laugh about?"Darach gave his jovial friend a dour look.Malcolm stopped just long enough to do his best imitation of Darach. "'Simple. Kidnap one French lass, hold her for a fortnight, and return her to de Villiers after he meets our demands. Perfectly simple.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Theologians are to look to the _beyond_-community–– _beyond_ nationality; skin-color, gender; sexual orientation, citizenship, religious affiliation––because God, the Divine, who is the primary frame of reference for theologians, is for, with, in, among those individual human beings. It is to reaffirm the sheer truth: No one is better or worse, superior or inferior than any other; and, 'Ich bin du, wenn Ich Ich bin' [I am you, when Iam I.]
Cory Monteith|To serve as prime minister while being too mindful of the approval rating is like serving as a prime minister on a roller coaster. What is important, I believe, is that I really act on promises that I make and leave results. Leave a track record and show that to the Japanese public, who will, at the end of the day, I hope, appreciate it.
Laura Leighton|Our philosophy precedes from the belief that sport is an inalienable part of the educational process and a factor for promoting peace, friendship, cooperation and understanding among peoples.
Craig S. Keener, Gift & Giver: The Holy Spirit for Today|Today like every day roughly 5,000 people on the face of the planet will experience one-chance-in-a-million things and not one of them will refuse to believe the evidence of their senses.
Sylvia Boorstein, Pay Attention, for Goodness' Sake: Practicing the Perfections of the Heart--The Buddhist Path of Kindness|The Buddha said that there are three times that a person should consider the consequences of any action: before, during, and after. “One should reflect thus,” he said. “‘Is what I am about to do . . .’ or ‘Is what I am currently doing . . .’ or ‘Is what I just did . . . for my own well-being and for the benefit of all others?
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|The whole time I hadn't slept with anyone at university had made it harder and harder to finally do it. Like spending too long on a very high diving board, until finally you have to exit ignominiously, the same way you climbed up.
Amit Kalantri|My left foot is the wisdom from yesterday, my right foot is the vision of tomorrow and my mind is focused on the work of today and this is how I stand a winner.
Oscar Wilde|People only care about winners,No one care about losers
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Life is a very scary reality; you just have to keep moving ahead, doing what you do”.
Joshua Bell|Facebook are an amazing team, a brilliant team. It's a technology that brings people together.
Sunday Adelaja|Having gained experience, you can help others and discover your destination and unique gift
nadia nazmir|everyone thinks that other places is more fun than staying at home,but at the end..you will be coming home,because..that's where you belong to..
John Shadegg|What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent.
Daniel Polansky, A City Dreaming|There is no position so critical, no office so important, that the occasional, and even the more than occasional, utter incompetent will not wind up filling it. Heart surgeons, popes, presidents, it makes no difference. Look around and you will see an existence replete with people who are betraying, in a most egregious manner, the powers and responsibilities that have been entrusted to them.
Trevanian, Shibumi|A living skeleton isn't enough for you, is it? What does it take to impress young people these days?
Andrew Lo|I had some of the students in my finance class actually do some empirical work on capital structures, to see if we could find any obvious patterns in the data, but we couldn't see any.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|Proper handling of a horse like this is no simple matter. He was trained to race, from birth. Not only to race, but to be the best. Once a champion, he was spoiled with attention and permissive handling. Add to that, he's an ungelded male, with a strong natural mating drive. It all adds up to a horse with a mile-wide streak of arrogance, bloody bored out of his mind. Without proper exercise and opportunities to mate, all that aggressive energy festers. He becomes moody, intractable, withdrawn, destructive."Ashworth raised an eyebrow at Bellamy. "Is it just me, or is this conversation becoming uncomfortably personal?"Spencer fumed. "I'm not referring to myself, you ass.
Nancy Glynn, Black 21|I don’t want Dane to die, but if I had to pick, I want you...with me forever!” - Christian Stone
Rie Warren, In His Command|Because I absolutely, positively cannot fuck you, Lola,” he says like it’s a formal declaration.I furrow my brow and salute him, which makes him snicker.
Stephen Vincent Benét|I want her sinful arms wrapped around me,bloodied and angry and triumphant in shame.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|A novel examines not reality but existence. And existence is not what has occurred, existence is the realm of human possibilities, everything that man can become, everything he's capable of. Novelists draw up the map of existence by discovering this or that human possibilit. But again, to exist mean: 'being-in-the-world.' Thus both the character and his world must be understood as possibilities.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Each person carries within their core the birthright of creative freedom, which, when organized and orchestrated, is the most awesome force on earth.
Kim Kardashian|Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.
J.M. Barrie|Peter was a superb swordsman, and parried with dazzling rapidity; ever and anon he followed up a feint with a lunge that got past his foe's defense, but his shorter reach stood him in ill stead, and he could not drive the steel home
Roger Ebert|Clearly, unless thinking beings inevitably wipe themselves out soon after developing technology, extraterrestrial intelligence could often be millions or billions of years in advance of us. We're the galaxy's noodling newbies.
Nikki Rowe|it's often been said, she's easy on the eye but the moment she shows you a slice of her personality, you'll feel for the first time, something of magic is walking on this earth.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Rich children are always blond, Jocelyn goes. It has to do with vitamins.
John F. Kennedy|The buyer, the prospect, the customer expects you to have knowledge of their stuff, not just your stuff.
John Frusciante|One of the scary things is that, when you're a kid, you look at your dad as the man who has no fear. When you're an adult, you realize your father had fear, and that you have it, too.
Jamie Tworkowski|It is simply a confession that with all that I've seen in the last few years, all the events I've been invited to, and all the people whom I've met, I am less and less impressed by "impressive" things or people who are presented as having things figured out. I am impressed by people who are honest and kind. I am inspired by moments of vulnerability, moments of confession and compassion, moments where someone makes it clear that they are a person in need of other people and someone else makes it clear that the first person is not alone.
Dixie Carter|I'm looking to evolve the concept of the new renaissance artist, taking the world by storm through the art of public display and demonstration, with technical savvy, using cell phones and computers.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf|Faith is the substance of hope - of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. So if you can hope for it and imagine it, and keep imagining and hoping and seeing yourself driving a new car, or seeing yourself getting that job, or seeing yourself excel, seeing yourself help that person - that is faith.
E.M. Forster, A Passage to India|Why can't we be friends now?" said the other, holding him affectionately. "It's what I want. It's what you want." But the horses didn't want it — they swerved apart: the earth didn't want it, sending up rocks through which riders must pass single file; the temple, the tank, the jail, the palace, the birds, the carrion, the Guest House, that came into view as they emerged from the gap and saw Mau beneath: they didn't want it, they said in their hundred voices "No, not yet," and the sky said "No, not there.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|And she knew that her fate wasn't set by how or where she was born, but the decisions she made and the battles she fought. It didn't matter if she had eight toes or ten, amber eyes or blue. What mattered was what she set out to do.
Elizabeth Peters, The Mummy Case|You also yell at the pigeons outside, watch too many cooking shows, and have a blog entirely dedicated to pictures of yourself.
Ken  Goldstein, Endless Encores: Repeating Success Through People, Products, and Profits|Not since the original Mac had a clarity of product vision so propelled a company into the future. " If anybody was ever wondering why Apple is on the earth, I would hold up this as a good example
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|Write and people will come to read. Write and people will heed to your words and share them with others. Not all may relate, but wait, and those who were meant to see it eventually will find it, for truth waits to be found. It searches for no one.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|I'd rather make a show 100 people need to see, than a show that 1000 people want to see.
J.D. Brewer, The Birth of Anarchy: Vagabond's Sequel|Out here, we let ourselves be imperfect. We let ourselves have the room to make mistakes—sometimes tragic mistakes—then we allow ourselves forgiveness. Within that forgiveness, we try to be better than what we were.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|To achieve any group goal, individuals must work to improve themselves as a means to improve the group.
