Linda Sarsour|We have never been outnumbered, we have only been out organized.
Pope Francis|Health care is one-sixth of our economy. If the government can control that, they can control just about everything. We need to understand what is going on, because there are much more economic models that can be used to give us good health care than what we have now.
Kevin Hearne, Hammered|Together they listed the people they had known who had died on the mountains. A bleak conversation to have, thought Margrét, but there was some comfort in talking about death aloud, as though in naming things, you could prevent them from happening.
Richard M. Nixon|To become self-aware, people must be allowed to hear a plurality of opinions and then make up their own minds. They must be allowed to say, write and publish whatever they want. Freedom of expression is the most basic, but fundamental, right. Without it, human beings are reduced to automatons.
Rohvannyn Shaw, Quests of the Avatar: Seeking Virtue in the modern world|Next time you try to do something and fail, and it really was partly in your control, be honest aboutwhy you failed--but also, what you can do better in the future. It's easy to see that blamingcircumstance robs you of opportunities to learn.
Liv-Christine Hoem|A lot of artists start out as failed poets, then move on to being failed short-story writers before they finally break through to the big time and become failed novelists.
Trent Franks|In Britain, polls show large majorities in favour of mansion taxes and higher taxes on the finance sector.
Jeffrey Michael|You know that you're a true friend when somebody says "But what about that wart on the end of his nose?" and your honest response is "What wart?". You see true friends accept you for what you are, wart and all.
Cristina García, Dreaming in Cuban|I resent the hell out of the politicians and generals who force events on us that structure our lives, that dictate the memories we'll have when we're old.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Sixty Days and Counting|All the repetitions in the pattern were superficial; the moment was always new. It had to be lived, and then the next moment embraced as it arrived.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I'm yet to see a Man more graceful, civilized and patient while making love with his woman; and a Woman who has never rejeced her man's sexual advances!
Karen Hawkins, The Princess Wore Plaid|Barely able to breathe, Eva's tongue slipped across her lips.	He moved a bit closer. "Every time ye walk past, I want ye. Your scent sends my insides into a maelstrom of need."	She closed her eyes and drew out the moment, wishing he'd say that again. Oh, how delectable to listen to a medieval Scotsman declare his desire.
Alan Lakein|Until we can manage time, we can manage nothing else.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|We must learn that when people devalue any one Life, they devalue all Life.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|Unless we have something worth dying for, Atretes, we've nothing worth living for.
Wendell Berry, The Selected Poems of Wendell Berry|I come into the peace of wild thingswho do not tax their lives with forethoughtof grief. I come into the presence of still water.And I feel above me the day-blind starswaiting with their light. For a timeI rest in the grace of the world, and am free.
Serdar Özkan|I’m nothing great. But I’m a rose… I’m a rose whether I’m admired or not, I’m a rose whether anyone’s crazy about me or not… Like I said, nothing great. Just a rose… But, do you know what it means to be a rose, my friend? Being a rose means ‘freedom.’ It means not existing by the praises of Others or not ceasing to exist by their disapproval.
Sylvia Plath|Filmmaking is a huge privilege; it's not brain surgery. It's art, and art is supposed to be an enjoyable process, and it is an enjoyable experience for me.
George MacDonald, Unspoken Sermons, Third Series|The key to the scientist's purpose is the idea that every phenomenon is the product of a certain given set of condition. In his laboratory he hopes to reconstitute the set of conditions, however complex they may be, which, once they are fully reconstituted, cannot fail to give rise to the phenomenon he is after, life. In other words he seeks to start off a mechanically fated chain-reaction; and of course, in enumerating the conditions that have made it possible for him to manufacture his phenomenon he systematically discounts the huge mental toils, the plodding, methodical research, of himself and others.Thus, by a singular contradiction, he succeeds in convincing himself and, of course, attempts to persuade others, that he has arrived at the origin of his phenomenon; he sets out to demonstrate that everything in the universe runs perfectly smoothly by itself, without any creative power at anytime intruding.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you are busy doing something for God, God will also be busy doing something for you.
Hamza Yusuf, Purification of the Heart: Signs, Symptoms and Cures of the Spiritual Diseases of the Heart|Hypocrisy is wretched because the hypocrite says with his tongue what is not in his heart. He wrongs his tongue and oppresses his heart. But if the heart is sound, the condition of the tongue follows suit. We are commanded to be upright in speech, which is a gauge of the heart's state.
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|If we were to excavate the deepest recesses of our consciousness, we would discover many beliefs about ourselves that are simply not true and that may never have been true. Yet we live from these beliefs as if they were true because we have never identified them clearly enough to question them, to challenge them.
Werner Erhard|Buttercup dried her tears and began to smile. She took a deep breath, heaved a sigh. It was all part of growing up. You got these little quick passions, you blinked, and they were gone. You forgave faults, found perfection, fell madly; then the next day the sun came up and it was over. Chalk it up to experience, old girl, and get on with the morning.
Juan Antonio Samaranch|This is God's world, not Satan's. Christians are the lawful heirs, not non-Christians.
Anna C. Salter, Predators: Pedophiles, Rapists, And Other Sex Offenders|Jan Hindman knows all too well that people who have lied for decades about their offending would lie to her about being victimized as a child, so she compared the reports of abuse by child molesters who were not being polygraphed on their answers with a later group who was informed that they would have to take a polygraph after the interview. The group that was being polygraphed was also given immunity from prosecution for crimes previously unknown in order to take away one of the many reasons that offenders lie
Chinua Achebe.|Let no one be fooled by the fact that we may write in English, for we intend to do unheard of things with it.
Mrs. Charles E. Cowman, Streams in the Desert|The answer to our prayer may be coming, although we may not discern its approach. A seed that is underground during winter, although hidden and seemingly dead and lost, is nevertheless taking root for a later spring and harvest.
Shannon Noelle Long, Second Coming|When was the last time someone read aloud to you? Probably when you were a child, and if you think back, you'll remember how safe you felt, tucked under the covers, or curled in someone's arms, as a story was spun around you like a web.
Kelly Moran, Give Up the Ghost|If she couldn't be with Harlen in Washington, DC, this was the place to be.Sera's mobile screen lit, and she glanced down to find a text from him: I have to pee.
Slavoj Žižek, In Defense of Lost Causes|Alain Badiou was once seated amongst the public in a room where I was delivering a talk, when his cellphone (which, to add insult to injury, was mine -- I had lent it to him) all of a sudden started to ring. Instead of turning it off, he gently interrupted me and asked me if I could talk more softly, so that he could hear his interlocutor more clearly . . . If this was not an act of true friendship, I do not know what friendship is. So, this book is dedicated to Alain Badiou.
Janette Oke, The Tender Years|Similar aura patterns with someone indicate that we have same frequency at physical, mental, emotional and spiritual levels, while the opposite is true for the people whom we dislike instantly.
Miranda Liasson, A Man of Honor|If you could do anything right now, at this moment, what would you do?”The question was obviously loaded, but the answer was surprisingly simple,“I’d be with you.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Wisdom consists of knowing how to distinguish the nature of trouble, and in choosing the lesser evil.
Amit Kalantri|Don't live your life like an attempt, because if you fail there is no second attempt.
Zig Ziglar|Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.
Francis Ford Coppola|We want you to take from us. We want you, at first, to steal from us, because you can't steal. You will take what we give you and you will put it in your own voice and that's how you will find your voice.
Evo Morales|Even when I see a beautiful woman, I think, 'Aw, her life must be amazing.' Everyone does it. That's human nature to believe that beauty is everything.
Christopher Smart|The Bible changes your perspective on the people, events, and circumstances of your day.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|People who go to work every day, make sacrifices to raise families, and get through life without hurting other people if they can help it-those are the real heros.
Gary Kamiya, Cool Gray City of Love: 49 Views of San Francisco|I believe that water is the closest thing to a god we have here on Earth. We are in awe of its power and majestic beauty. We are drawn to it as if it’s a magical, healing force. We gestate in water, are made of water, and need to drink water to live. We are living in water.
Jennifer Gilby Roberts, The Dr Pepper Prophecies|I certainly don’t have any interest in being on a dark veranda with any man except my husband, unlike some women do.” - Esther Norman
Sunday Adelaja|This time is very important in your life because God wants to lift this generation from failures, poverty, and unbelief
Tom Watson|I lived in a world where social arrangements were taken for granted and assumed to be timeless. A child's obligation was to learn these usages, not to question them. The complexities of racial deportment were of a piece with learning manners and etiquette more generally.
Henry David Thoreau|Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Jasper Johns|Realizing this, I knew that the actual space of a room could be broken down and played with by planting illusions of real light (electric light) at crucial junctures in the room's composition.
Shawn Achor|As Harvard Business School professor Peter Bregman advises, 'Don't write a book, write a page...Don't expect to be a great manager in your first six months, just try to set expectations well.
Kasie West, Pivot Point|He shrugs. "Doesn't help to waste my time thinking about would've-beens."Laila whispers, "He says to the girl with a mind full of them.
Ali Smith, Autumn|Before Elijah could raise a nation from the dead, he raised just one dead child.
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|Mr. President, it is time for you to give me back my country. You can either continue to make fools of the people who elected a tyrant like you or let the country rise phoenix-like from the ashes.
Dwayne McDuffie|Science fiction invites the writer to grandly explore alternative worlds and pose questions about meaning and destiny. Inventing plausible new realities is what the genre is all about. One starts from a hypothesis and then builds out the logic, adding detail and incident to give substance to imaginary structures. In that respect, science fiction and theology have much in common.
Pepper Winters, Twisted Together|You should've told me Tess," I murmured against her hair. "You helped me find my humanness but you took it away with your lies.
Maria Erving|What the theologian shrinks from, the poet grasps intuitively.
Ibrahim Rugova|As legal slavery passed, we entered into a permanent period of unemployment and underemployment from which we have yet to emerge.
Louise Erdrich, The Master Butchers Singing Club|One person simply can’t be all things to another person – sexually or otherwise—and unmet needs, unfulfilled desire, and unexplored possibilities are prices we pay to be in LTRs (long –term relationships). Monogamous, polyamorous, Femdom, or whatever: All couples people walk around feeling a little unfulfilled. (Single people, too). Because no one gets everything they want.
Chris August|What makes movies magical is not that incredible things happen in them. Incredible things happen in real life. No, what makes movies magical is they end right after the incredible thing happens.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Why should anything exist at all, you might ask?Existence didn't just spring out of nothing whatsoever. Even if there was a time of No-Thingness, then there must have been an inherent or precursory realm of possibility; a possibility that something -- anything -- such as the imaginal, might exist.Why are we here at all? Because this was a possibility, and we are the living proof that there must have been such a possibility. So, you might say that existence, in one form or another, was even more than more likely, it was inevitable.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|The Leadership Seduction of storytelling invites self-pity, exaggerates one's importance, and encourages inaction.
Tad Williams, City of Golden Shadow|...Coca-Cola and fries, the wafer and wine of the Western religion of commerce.
Thomas Hood|She had blue skin. And so did he. He kept it hid, And so did she. They searched for blue Their whole life through, Then passed right by - And never knew.
Coco Martin|France can certainly accommodate foreign people on its soil long-term, those with foreign citizenship... as long as they respect French laws and French values, which is often a problem on the immigration issue. It's not really a problem with Israel on this topic.
Alexander Pope|Science has sometimes been said to be opposed to faith, and inconsistent with it. But all science, in fact, rests on a basis of faith, for it assumes the permanence and uniformity of natural laws - a thing which can never be demonstrated.
Amit Kalantri|Give as much as importance to your goal as you give it to your first girlfriend, with that much importance your girlfriend might still leave you but your goal will definitely come to you.
Harlan Ellison|I can't picture in my mind three hundred and sixty thousand dollars... When I think of it, all I can see in my mind is a big nickel.
Patrick Henry|The great musicians are those who can reach people, who can make people feel something.
Laura Dern|Growing up, I had an internal struggle with my body because I was really chubby. My sisters were younger, and they were all skinny and all cute. As a teen, I definitely had, like, an extra 30 pounds of weight.
Peter Jenkins, A Walk Across America|Cooper's tremendous love and energy and unchained freedom had captured life itself. Now, as the last shovelful covered him forever, I knew I would always carry a big piece of Cooper Half Malamute with me until I too was covered by the earth.
M.A. George, Relativity|Silence upon silence, with a heaping pile of extra silence.
Anna Sewell, Black Beauty|There is no religion without love, and people may talk as much as they like about their religion, but if it does not teach them to be good and kind to man and beast, it is all a sham.
Mary E. DeMuth, Wall Around Your Heart|Pain can either thrust me into the arms of Jesus or make me turn my back on Him. Either way, it's a choice.
Bryan Chapell, Unlimited Grace: The Heart Chemistry That Frees from Sin and Fuels the Christian Life|I wondered how much time they'd spent practicing entrances like this one, smoothing away their rough edges and rendering them brief but potent expressions of effortless grace. I decided to stop thinking about it, and just be grateful that there was no circumstance, however, unlikely, that could put me in their place.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|You’re not the only one in this relationship who loves achallenge,” he says. “And just so you know for the future, I like my double-chocolate chipcookies warm and soft in the middle . . . and without magnets glued to them.
R.A. Salvatore, Passage to Dawn|I was born in the age of "alas".
Chris Hedges, I Don't Believe in Atheists|The danger we face does not come from religion. It comes from a growing intellectual bankruptcy that is one of the symptoms of a dying culture. In ancient Rome, as the republic disintegrated and the Caesars were deified, as the Roman Senate became little more than an echo chamber of the emperor, the population’s attention was diverted by a series of frontier wars and violent and elaborate spectacles in the arena. The excitement of entertainment consumed ancient Rome’s emotional and intellectual life. It poisoned civic and political discourse. Social critics no longer had a form in which to speak. They were answered with ridicule and rage. It was not prerogative of the citizen to think.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|You worked at night, when the shadows masked you and you were little more than a dream. You hid in the forest or the mountains, away from the steam engines and the lamps of the cities, the things that would expose you, confirming you and stripping you of your mystery. You showed yourself rarely, and only to the ones who needed to see you. After the free-for-all that was the earlier Chapters, when babies were stolen, young men murdered and maidens locked away, the fae had had to learn to be very careful about their involvement in the lives of the characters, lest they turn still further away from their beliefs.
Emil M. Cioran, On the Heights of Despair|That was the problem with the outside world, the human world. The whole thing was made up puzzles, of a language she didn't quite speak.
Martin Luther King Jr.|But what might a woman say about church as she? What might a woman say about the church as body and bride? Perhaps she would speak of the way a regular body moves through the world—always changing, never perfect—capable of nurturing life, not simply through the womb, but through hands, feet, eyes, voice, and brain. Every part is sacred. Every part has a function. Perhaps she would speak of impossible expectations and all the time she’s wasted trying to contort herself into the shape of those amorphous silhouettes that flit from magazines and billboards into her mind. Or of this screwed-up notion of purity as a status, as something awarded by men with tests and checklists and the power to give it and take it away. Perhaps she would speak of the surprise of seeing herself—flaws and all—in the mirror on her wedding day. Or of the reality that with new life comes swollen breasts, dry heaves, dirty diapers, snotty noses, late-night arguments, and a whole army of new dangers and fears she never even considered before because life-giving isn’t nearly as glamorous as it sounds, but it’s a thousand times more beautiful. Perhaps she would talk about being underestimated, about surprising people and surprising herself. Or about how there are moments when her own strength startles her, and moments when her weakness—her forgetfulness, her fear, her exhaustion—unnerve her. Maybe she would tell of the time, in the mountains with bare feet on the ground, she stood tall and wise and felt every cell in her body smile in assent as she inhaled and exhaled and in one loud second realized, I’m alive! I’m enfleshed! only to forget it the next. Or maybe she would explain how none of the categories created for her sum her up or capture her essence.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|And he had been very badly treated by a girl too. He had thought her a really civilised and adult personality, and then she had unexpectedly revealed that she was a mass of bourgeois prejudices and monogamic instincts.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Finale|Nice costume," he said. "Ditto. I can tell you put a lot of thought into yours."Amusement curled his mouth. "If you don't like it, I can take it off.
John Webster, The White Devil|Providence then - and this is what is most important to grasp - is not the same thing as a universal teleology. To believe in divine and unfailing providence is not to burden one's conscience with the need to see every event in this world not only as an occasion for God's grace, but as a positive determination of God's will whereby he brings to pass a comprehensive design that, in the absence of any single one of these events, would not have been possible. It may seem that this is to draw only the finest of logical distinction, one so fine indeed as to amount to little more than a sophistry. Some theologians - Calvin, for instance - have denied that the distinction between what God wills and what he permits has any meaning at all. And certainly there is no unanimity in the history of Christian exegesis on this matter. Certain classic Western interpretations of Paul's treatment of the hardening of Pharaoh's heart and of the hardened heart of Israel in Romans 9 have taken it as a clear statement of God's immediate determination of his creatures' wills. But in the Eastern Christian tradition, and in the thought of many of the greatest Western theologians, the same argument has often been understood to assert no more than that God in either case allowed a prior corruption of the will to run its course, or even - like a mire in the light of the sun - to harden the outpouring of God's fiery mercy, and always for the sake of a greater good that will perhaps redound even to the benefit of the sinner. One might read Christ's answer to his disciples' question regarding why a man had been born blind - 'that the works of God should be made manifest in him' (John 9:3) - either as a refutation or as a confirmation of the distinction between divine will and permission. When all is said and done, however, not only is the distinction neither illogical nor slight; it is an absolute necessity if - setting aside, as we should, all other judgments as superstitious, stochastic, and secondary - we are to be guided by the full character of what is revealed of God in Christ. For, after all, if it is from Christ that we are to learn how God relates himself to sin, suffering, evil, and death, it would seem that he provides us little evidence of anything other than a regal, relentless, and miraculous enmity: sin he forgives, suffering he heals, evil he casts out, and death he conquers. And absolutely nowhere does Christ act as if any of these things are part of the eternal work or purposes of God.
P.D. James, The Private Patient|Snapping shut his mobile, Dalgliesh reflected that murder, a unique crime for which no reparation is ever possible, imposes it own compulsions as well as it's conventions. He doubted whether Macklefield [the murder victim's Will attorney] would have interrupted his country weekend for a less sensational crime. As a young officer he, too, had been touched, if unwillingly and temporarily, by the power of murder to attract even while it appalled and repelled. He had watched how people involved as innocent bystanders, provided they were unburdened by grief or suspicion, were engrossed by homicide, drawn inexorably to the place where the crime had occurred in fascinated disbelief. The crowd and the media who served them had not yet congregated outside the wrought-iron gates of the Manor. But they would come, and he doubted whether Chandler-Powell's [owner of the Manor where the murder was committed] private security team would be able to do more than inconvenience them.
Euell Gibbons|My love affair with nature is so deep that I am not satisfied with being a mere onlooker, or nature tourist. I crave a more real and meaningful relationship. The spicy teas and tasty delicacies I prepare from wild ingredients are the bread and wine in which I have communion and fellowship with nature, and with the Author of that nature.
James  McAllister, iNation|Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you,Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.James Jeffery Roche
Sunday Adelaja|It’s a privilege to serve God. Above all, serving God is joy and happiness!
Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood|There was a very slight chance she might actually kill him that way, and if she did, she’d be brought up on charges. Unless, of course, she could prove harmful intent. She could see it now.See, Your Honor, he was going to f*ck me silly, make me like it.
Marina Simcoe, The Real Thing|I can never ‘un-love’ you, Marcus. You are mine, all of you. Your faults are now my own, and all of your secrets are now mine to keep.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|It's rewarding if you have an opportunity to do something or to serve, you always give in your best. The world has changed, yes! But that shouldn't make you behave otherwise to the detriment of yourself or your neighbor. What you sow is what you get, sow good seed into people and you will get the best from them. Also, being honest will not get you a lot of friends, but surely it will get you the right ones.
Csaba Gabor-B.|Perhaps no skeptic has done more to obfuscate the issue of ritual abuse than Kenneth Lanning of the FBI, who for years has maintained that no substantive evidence exists for the reality of ritual abuse (Lanning, 1991). (As investigative journalist Civia Tamarkin has noted, for decades the FBI also told the American public that the Mafia did not exist in the United States (1991)). “No bodies…No adult witnesses,” as Parenting magazine put it so succinctly, and so erroneously in their March 1994 article “The Satanism Scare” (Ruben, 1994). And why do accounts like the ones given by the 37 ritually abused adults in the Young et al. (1991) study, and the 14 ritually abused families in the Kelly (1992a) study, of group sexual assaults, human sacrifice, forced cannibalism and the like not constitute eyewitness accounts to so-called experts like Lanning?"from Denying Ritual Abuse of ChildrenThe Journal of Psychohistory 22 (3) 1995
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|Cities are more than the sum of their infrastructure. They transcend brick and mortar, concrete and steel. They're the vessels into which human knowledge is poured.
Billy Porter|If you so choose, even the unexpected setbacks can bring new and positive possibilities. If you so choose, you can find value and fulfillment in every circumstance.
T. Harv Eker|We need to see, and agree that what we seek already lives within us, and we within it. Now we know our one great task: watch for whatever promises us freedom, and then quietly, consciously refuse to see ourselves through the eyes of what we know is incomplete. Then we live wholeness itself, instead of spending our lives looking for it.
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|At bottom every man knows well enough that he is a unique being, only once on this earth; and by no extraordinary chance will such a marvelously picturesque piece of diversity in unity as he is, ever be put together a second time.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Human migration is an important part of our ancestral story. The places we live shape us, the places we leave behind forges our history, and the places we might travel to becomes our mysterious future.
Victoria Schwab, Our Dark Duet|People were messy. They were defined not only by what they'd done, but by what they would have done, under different circumstances, molded as much by their regrets as their actions, choices they stood by and those they wished they could undo. Of course, there was no going back - time only moved forward - but people could change. For worse.And for better.It wasn't easy. The world was complicated. Life was hard. And so often, living hurt. So make it worth the pain.
Debasish Mridha|A great teacher not only teaches, but they also encourage and appreciate improvement.
Rory Stewart|In Islamic societies, politicians can manipulate almost everything. But thus far, no fundamentalist leader has been able to convince his supporters to renounce Islam's central virtue - the principle of strict equality between human beings, regardless of sex, race, or creed.
Greg Dutilly|When it all comes together, it is oddly beautiful and it makes sense.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|During my stay in the United States, I witnessed the spontaneous formation of committees in a country for the pursuit and prosecution of a man who had committed a great crime. In Europe, a criminal is an unhappy man who is struggling for his life against the agents of power, whilst the people are merely a spectator of the conflict: in America, he is looked upon as an enemy of the human race, and the whole of mankind is against him.
Brandon Mull, Chasing the Prophecy|You’re free to dream however you wish,” Nollin teased. “But don’t ask the rest of us to share your unrealistic—”“Then don’t ask us to share your weakness!” Jason interrupted.
Camille Desmoulins|I wonder why I ever bothered with sex, he thought; there’s nothing in this breathing world so gratifying as an artfully placed semicolon.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|. . . mixing defensiveness with anger - a wonderful mix, by the way.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE FOUR HEAVENLY FOUNTAINSLaugh, I tell youAnd you will turn backThe hands of time.Smile, I tell youAnd you will reflectThe face of the divine.Sing, I tell youAnd all the angels will sing with you!Cry, I tell youAnd the reflections found in your pool of tears -Will remind you of the lessons of today and yesterdayTo guide you through the fears of tomorrow.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Vengeance|I think the only reason I never lost my mind is that I knew I was innocent. That wasn't a happy thought, so the dementors couldn't suck it out of me...but it kept me sane and knowing who I am...helped me keep my powers...
Charles R. Swindoll|Peter's destiny lay along a different path from John's. And your calling is unlike anyone else's. But the call remains the same: "Follow Me!
Shannon L. Alder|God whispered, "You endured a lot. For that I am truly sorry, but grateful. I needed you to struggle to help so many. Through that process you would grow into who you have now become. Didn't you know that I gave all my struggles to my favorite children? One only needs to look at the struggles given to your older brother Jesus to know how important you have been to me.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|It is necessary to make this point in answer to the `iatrogenic' theory that the unveiling of repressed memories in MPD sufferers, paranoids and schizophrenics can be created in analysis; a fabrication of the doctor—patient relationship. According to Dr Ross, this theory, a sort of psychiatric ping-pong 'has never been stated in print in a complete and clearly argued way'. My case endorses Dr Ross's assertions. My memories were coming back to me in fragments and flashbacks long before I began therapy. Indications of that abuse, ritual or otherwise, can be found in my medical records and in notebooks and poems dating back before Adele Armstrong and Jo Lewin entered my life. There have been a number of cases in recent years where the police have charged groups of people with subjecting children to so-called satanic or ritual abuse in paedophile rings. Few cases result in a conviction. But that is not proof that the abuse didn't take place, and the police must have been very certain of the evidence to have brought the cases to court in the first place. The abuse happens. I know it happens. Girls in psychiatric units don't always talk to the shrinks, but they need to talk and they talk to each other. As a child I had been taken to see Dr Bradshaw on countless occasions; it was in his surgery that Billy had first discovered Lego. As I was growing up, I also saw Dr Robinson, the marathon runner. Now that I was living back at home, he was again my GP. When Mother bravely told him I was undergoing treatment for MPD/DID as a result of childhood sexual abuse, he buried his head in hands and wept.(Alice refers to her constant infections as a child, which were never recognised as caused by sexual abuse)
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|Ye are Blood of my Blood, and Bone of my Bone,I give ye my Body, that we Two might be One.I give ye my Spirit, 'til our Life shall be Done.
Richard Marek|There are a lot of people like me, people who need books the way they need air.
Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid|This was the real thing, boys in the flesh. All the prohibitions, especially the ones that stayed unvoiced, had made boys much more exotic; it was as though we'd never met one. The whole school hummed with excitement and the headmistress's aspect softened with anticipation, for she was about to let the dangerous genie of adolescent sex out of its bottle and tame it. She spoke in veiled, suggestive terms in assembly of freedom and responsibility, and we giggled uneasily - it was all vaguely shocking, like being tickled by a policeman.
Martin O'Malley|I needed somebody to love me, and the people that I chose were my coaches. I would sacrifice my body to be successful for my coaches because I wanted them to love me, to respect me, to have positive feelings about me.
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|...and then I began to drift, fighting tears. I used to come here with Miriam. Miriam, my heart's desire. What was troubling her this morning? Maybe Kate had reproached her on the phone for leaving me? How dare Kate. Oh yeah? Go for it, my darling. Remind her of what she's missing. No, don't.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Stop blaming others for the pains and sufferings you have. They are because of you, your karma, and your own disposition.
Kristi Cook, Magnolia|Hate is a very strong, pure emotion to be wasted on people you don't care about.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|She kept forcing herself to remember the entire conversation, playing it back and playing it back, all the way through, forcing a finger down her memory's throat.
William Blystone|Magic has big sharp teeth. When it bites, it doesn't nibble. It takes big, bloody chunks. So be very, very careful.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|A good part of the physical attraction [between the hero and heroine of a romance novel] comes to life during these exchanges as well, since language creates a meeting of the minds. I have long thought that these lines of dialogue carve out the lines of the central love relationship. The dialogue between the hero and heroine creates the central shape of the story. It is the verbal sculpture.
Annie Proulx, Brokeback Mountain|Again the ranch is on the market and they’ve shipped out the last of the horses, paid everybody off the day before, the owner saying, ‘Give them to the real estate shark, I’m out a here,” dropping the keys in Ennis’s hand. He might have to stay with his married daughter until he picks up another job, yet he is suffused with a sense of pleasure because Jack Twist was in his dream.
Grace Lee Boggs, The Next American Revolution: Sustainable Activism for the Twenty-First Century|Still, it becomes clearer every day that organizing or joining massive protests and demanding new policies fail to sufficiently address the crisis we face. They may demonstrate that we are on the right side politically, but they are not transformative enough. They do not change the cultural images or the symbols that play such a pivotal role in molding us into who we are.
Henry Adams|The dominant characteristic of an authentic spiritual life is the gratitude that flows from trust - not only for all the gifts that I receive from God, but gratitude for all the suffering. Because in that purifying experience, suffering has often been the shortest path to intimacy with God.
Lupe Fiasco|This year, 1996, has been designated the 'Year of the Vaccine,' commemorating the 200th anniversary of Edward Jenner's vaccination of James Phipps with cowpox virus and subsequent challenge with smallpox virus. Insight into the nature of viruses, and how viruses interact with mammalian cells, has evolved since the turn of the century.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|You went to a party, did a keg stand, and got so drunk you forgot half the night. Congrats on this amazing milestone in your life." He squeezed my leg. "What are you gonna do next?""Uh, Disneyland?
Natalie Vellacott|I will say that the cross of materialism is that it never quite succeeds in believing what it preaches, in thinking its own thought. This may sound complicated, but is in fact simple: the materialist says, for example, that we are not free, though he is convinced, of course, that he asserts this freely, that no one is forcing him to state this view of the matter — neither parents, not social milieu, nor biological inheritance. He says that we are wholly determined by our history, but he never stops urging us to free ourselves, to change our destiny, to revolt where possible! He says that we must love the world as it is, turning our backs on past and future so as to live in the present, but he never stops trying, like you or me, when the present weighs upon us, to change it in hope of a better world. In brief, the materialist sets forth philosophical these that are profound, but always for you and me, never for himself. Always, he reintroduces transcendence — liberty, a vision for society, the ideal — because in truth he cannot not believe himself to be free, and therefore answerable to values higher than nature and history.
D.S. Murphy|Whoever deemed the ocean an invigorating place needed to reconsider the reality of crashing waves, sunburn, and sand wedged up into places no one should have it.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... Weber insists that the value of science is always to be questioned and not simply presupposed... He is... critical of the presupposition which underlies Strauss' position, namely that scientific reason is necessarily of value.
Tom Robbins|The more you try to crush your true nature, the more it will control you. Be what you are. No one who really loves you will stop.
Trinny Woodall|My summer reading suggestion: Pick a really famous, really long novel.
C.S. Lewis|If you go in thinking that you're smarter than everyone else, you want in a learning very much. If you go in thinking, "I'd sure like to understand this better," you end up doing precisely that.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|The moonlight shines and billows; the broken clouds scud above the trees. Leaves fly everywhere. But the moonlight stays unmoved by the wind, passing through clouds, through air, in what seems to Werner like impossibly slow imperturbable rays. They hang across the buckling grass. Why doesn’t the wind move the light?
Tim Chester, You Can Change: God's Transforming Power for Our Sinful Behavior and Negative Emotions|When life beats us down, we often do not feel worthwhile to ourselves nor to anyone else. Often, we try to hide our feelings of inadequacy in pursuit of perfection, which develops into self-loathing. If only we can be perfect, then we can be okay.
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|Because the drug war has been waged almost exclusively in poor communities of color, when drug offenders are released, they are generally returned to racially segregated ghetto communities--the places they call home. In many cities, the re-entry phenomenon is highly concentrated in a small number of neighborhoods. According to one study, during a twelve-year period, the number of prisoners returning home to "core counties"--those counties that contain the inner city of a metropolitan area--tripled. The effects are felt throughout the United States. In interviews with one hundred residents of two Tallahassee, Florida communities, researchers found that nearly every one of them had experienced or expected to experience the return of a family member from prison. Similarly, a survey of families living in the Robert Taylor Homes in Chicago found that the majority of residents either had a family member in prison or expected one to return from prison within the next two years. Fully 70 percent of men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five in the impoverished and overwhelmingly black North Lawndale neighborhood on Chicago's West Side are ex-offenders, saddled for life with a criminal record. The majority (60 percent) were incarcerated for drug offenses. These neighborhoods are a minefield for parolees, for a standard condition of parole is a promise not to associate with felons. As Paula Wolff, a senior executive at Chicago Metropolis 2020 observes, in these ghetto neighborhoods, "It is hard for a parolee to walk to the corner store to get a carton of milk without being subject to a parole violation.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The role of political leadership in any society will remain critical to the socio-economic progression of the world. It is however worrying to see the growing number of people, including the youth, getting into politics for economic gain and not for a cause. This, inter alia, is the contaminated seed and eventual root of chronic corruption because such leadership will always be selfishly seeking gain and enrichment from their roles and offices.
John Naisbitt|There was a time in the 1930s when magazine writers could actually make a good living. 'The Saturday Evening Post' and 'Collier's' both had three stories in each issue. These were usually entertaining, and people really went for them. But then television came along, and now of course, information technology... the new way of killing time.
Jeffrey McDaniel|Reminiscing in the drizzle of Portland, I notice the ring that’s landed on your finger, a massiveinsect of glitter, a chandelier shining at the endof a long tunnel. Thirteen years ago, you hid the hurtin your voice under a blanket and said there’s two kindsof women—those you write poems aboutand those you don’t. It’s true. I never brought youa bouquet of sonnets, or served you haiku in bed.My idea of courtship was tapping Jane’s Addictionlyrics in Morse code on your window at three A.M., whiskey doing push-ups on my breath. But I workedwithin the confines of my character, castas the bad boy in your life, the Magellanof your dark side. We don’t have a past so muchas a bunch of electricity and liquor, powernever put to good use. What we had togethermakes it sound like a virus, as if we caughtone another like colds, and desire was merelya symptom that could be treated with soupand lots of sex. Gliding beside you now, I feel like the Benjamin Franklin of monogamy, as if I invented it, but I’m still not immuneto your waterfall scent, still haven’t developedantibodies for your smile. I don’t know how longregret existed before humans stuck a word on it.I don’t know how many paper towels it would taketo wipe up the Pacific Ocean, or why the lightof a candle being blown out travels fasterthan the luminescence of one that’s just been lit, but I do know that all our huffing and puffinginto each other’s ears—as if the brain was a trickbirthday candle—didn’t make the silenceany easier to navigate. I’m sorry all the kissesI scrawled on your neck were writtenin disappearing ink. Sometimes I thought of youso hard one of your legs would pop outof my ear hole, and when I was sleeping, you’d pressyour face against the porthole of my submarine.I’m sorry this poem has taken thirteen yearsto reach you. I wish that just once, instead of skiddingoff the shoulder blade’s precipice and joyridingover flesh, we’d put our hands away like chocolateto be saved for later, and deciphered the calligraphyof each other’s eyelashes, translated a paragraphfrom the volumes of what couldn’t be said.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Child think mother is my protector who save me from all bad , but what is , if mother herself throw child life in risk by break child swear continuously, is it not betrayal to that child and child feelings ? what is the meaning of love ? that kiss every day and say i love you ? or cooking good food and buy new dress and toys ? take care of life ,or love is mean to respect feelings ? if it is love then why there is no fear of life and why there is no respect of feelings.Doesn't matter its your beloved or child"Respect of feelings is The love
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Whenever you begin to conclude, "I can't win," and "What's the use?" you've set yourself up for failure. Your pessimism becomes a kind of self-fulfilling prophecy.
T. Boone Pickens|Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me.
Janet Evanovich, Plum Lovin'|I don't believe this," Diesel said. "It just gets worse and worse. Bad I enough I have to play cupid to a butcher, button maker and veterinarian...now have to be sex therapist for a guy who gives people a rash.
Janet Evanovich, Two for the Dough|I ran three miles, staggered into the lobby, and took the elevator back to my apartment. No point to overdoing this exercise junk. --Stephanie Plum
Thea Harrison, Midnight's Kiss|Blood tricked down Molly's neck from the stinging cut Justine had given her. She thought, dear lords and ladies, all I want in the whole wide world is a bath, a pina colada, and the chance to stake this bitch in the heart.
Laurie Frankel, Goodbye for Now|And for all he had learned to bandage himself up on the outside, the wound remained just as bad and deep as the moment it had been made - when it became obvious that the one male he wanted above all others was never, ever going to be with him.
Borgohain J.|Why do all great men, live not long enough, to see their greatness?
Nathan Reese Maher, Lights Out: Book 2|Shelly shook her head and made sure she had plenty of space so that she wouldn’t hit anything. As many times before, she kept the hoop close to her waist and then twirled it with small, tight bursts of speed. As the hoop gathered in momentum it started to give off a hum that soon took on a light blue illumination far brighter than the streetlamps. It was so bright, that it lit up the entire backyard.
Suzanne  Johnson, River Road|Eugenie looked great, her short spiky auburn hair edged with conservative blond tips and her face wearing a minimum of makeup. Must be Mr. Natural’s influence. I gave her a hug and turned to meet Quince, who was sitting across from her.Okay, I could see the attraction. He had thick, honey-blond hair pulled back in a ponytail not unlike my own, and a green gemstone stud in one ear. He reached out a grasped my hand, shaking it firmly. “It’s great to meet you. Eugenie talks about you all the time.”“She talks a lot about you too, Quince.” The man had no idea.He smiled and his blue-green eyes were almost enthralling. “Most people call me Rand, but Eugenie likes my real name better than my nickname.”After a half hour of small talk, I wasn’t sure I liked Quince Randolph. He was drop-dead gorgeous, no question about that. But there was something off about him I couldn’t quite pinpoint. He stared too hard when he talked to you, made my eye contact than a normal person. I tried to dig into his head a little but came up blank, which was weird, except I’d done a heavy grounding ritual this morning.“You know, I just noticed something.” Eugenie had a funny look on her face. “You guys have the same hair and eye colo. I’d never realized it till I saw you sitting there across from each other.”“Maybe we’re very distantly related.” Rand smiled.“I doubt it,” I said, frowning. “I don’t have much family. And if we were related, I’d be pissed off that you have better cheekbones.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|...what does the future look like?...'A deep blue, fading into golds and reds-like fire on a horizon. Afterlight. It's a sky that wants you to guess if the sun is about to rise or set.
Camille Paglia|There is no knowledge, no light, no wisdom that you are in possession of, but what you have received it from some source.
Margueruite Porete|I am God, says Love, for Love is God and God is Love, and this Soul is God by the condition of Love. I am God by divine nature and this Soul is God by the condition of Love. Thus this precious beloved of mine is taught and guided by me, without herself, for she is transformed into me, and such a perfect one, says Love, takes my nourishment.
Tom Topor, Nuts|Change yourself, and others will follow.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Yeah, you and me, we can ride on a starIf you stay with me, girlWe can rule the worldYeah, you and me, we can light up the skyIf you stay by my sideWe can rule the world
Julius Erving|For all of those willing to help me start a family, I am flattered. I will let you know when I need your help.
Kathi Daley, Halloween Hijinks|The strange thing is, this truly horrifying experience planted a seed deep within my heart that germinated and grew into a desire that, I have to admit, I've never completely overcome.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Some people are highly empathic, some people are telempathic, or telepathic, some are clairempathic, while others are claircognizant, clairvoyant, clairaliant, clairaudient, clairgustant, clairsentient; and a very few are all of the above. The great amount of confusion and inner strife that accompanies one or more of these conditions, can be calmed and soothed first by acceptance, second by the humility to be okay with the fact that you are stuck with it forever, and third by honing these conditions to their best possible uses and most polished states.
W. H. Auden|It is a sign of a dull nature to occupy oneself deeply in matters that concern the body; for instance, to be over much occupied about exercise, about eating and drinking, about easing oneself, about sexual intercourse.
Chuck Palahniuk, Doomed|It's exhausting, the energy it takes to unknow a truth.
Karl Barth, The Humanity of God|On the basis of the eternal will of God we have to think of EVERY HUMAN BEING, even the oddest, most villainous or miserable, as one to whom Jesus Christ is Brother and God is Father; and we have to deal with him on this assumption. If the other person knows that already, then we have to strengthen him in the knowledge. If he does no know it yet or no longer knows it, our business is to transmit this knowledge to him.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|When people ask for advice they very rarely want your advice and will go ahead and do what they want to do anyway, no matter what you say. That applied in every sort of case; it was a human truth of universal application, but one which most people knew little or nothing about.
Jason Silva|I was about to meet Beyonce, and I had a full-blown anxiety attack. Then she popped in looking gorgeous, and said, 'You're amazing! When I listen to you I feel like I'm listening to God.'
Chris Crutcher, King of the Mild Frontier: An Ill-Advised Autobiography|When you're young you think you know it all, when you're old you wish you could remember it all.
Norman Spinrad, Bug Jack Barron|It ain't power that corrupts, it's the changes you put your head through getting it.
Red Auerbach|We all have a common goal, and we know it's all for our future good.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.
Charles Evans Hughes|To me, punk rock is the freedom to create, freedom to be successful, freedom to not be successful, freedom to be who you are. It's freedom.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|Apathy.The reason you may wake up one day being not only a 2nd class citizen, but a criminal because of who you are - and then wonder why 'somebody' didn't do something when there was still time?
Johan Theorin, Blodläge|Sometime we forget to value the small things, that inspire us more than the large! We should learn from daily than planning stupid future.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|A wise man once found peace in the practice of saying nothing, leaving the gossiper with no other choice but to fabricate gossip about a wise man saying nothing
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|I let them do some simple arithmetic. In a group of one hundred people, how many assholes are there? How many fathers who humiliate their children? How many morons whose breath stinks like rotten meat but who refuse to do anything about it? How many hopeless cases who go on complaining all their lives about the non-existent injustices they’ve had to suffer? Look around you, I said. How many of your classmates would you be pleased not to see return to their desks tomorrow morning? Think about that one family member of your own family, that irritating uncle with his pointless, horseshit stories at birthday parties, that ugly cousin who mistreats his cat. Think about how relieved you would be - and not only you, but virtually the entire family - if that uncle or cousin would step on a landmine or be hit by a five-hundred-pounder dropped from a high altitude. If that member of the family were to be wiped off the face of the earth. And now think about all those millions of victims of all the wars there have been in the past - I never specifically mentioned the Second World War, I used it as an example because it’s the one that most appeals to their imaginations - and think about the thousands, perhaps tens of thousands of victims who we need to have around like we need a hole in the head. Even from a purely statistical standpoint, it’s impossible that all those victims were good people, whatever kind of people that may be. The injustice is found more in the fact that the assholes are also put on the list of innocent victims. That their names are also chiselled into the war memorials.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the essence, fragrance, and beauty of life.
George Pataki|There should be competition and exchanges between different countries, but there are certainly certain universal values, and that is freedom and democracy.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos For The Next Millennium|It sometimes seems to me that a pestilence has struck the human race in its most distinctive faculty - that is, the use of words. It is a plague afflicting language, revealing itself as a loss of cognition and immediacy, an automatism that tends to level out all expression into the most generic, anonymous, and abstract formulas, to dilute meaning, to blunt the edge of expressiveness, extinguishing the sparks that shoots out from the collision of words and new circumstances.
Murray Rothbard|When officers' actions violate their duty, justice should be served in accordance with our legal system.
Martin Jacques|As a housewife, I feel that if the kids are still alive when my husband gets home from work, then hey, I've done my job.
Debbie Ford|In many ways, anger is a misdirected plea for love.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|With the muscle of integrity, we can turn intention into powerful action. That's how we can earn trust form our conscience, and can truly believe in ourselves.
Anthony Kiedis|For me art and chess are closely related, both are forms in which the self finds beauty and expression.
Deyth Banger|But he was able to understand one thing: making decision was only the beginning of things. When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that will carry him to places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision.
Zach Weinersmith|History has the relation to truth that theology has to religion — ie., none to speak of
William Morris|I have two homes, like someone who leaves their hometown and/or parents and then establishes a life elsewhere. They might say that they're going home when they return to see old friends or parents, but then they go home as well when they go to where they live now. Sarajevo is home, Chicago is home.
Kyle Barger|Atheistic existentialism, of which I am a representative, declares with greater consistency that if God does not exist there is at least one being whose existence comes before its essence, a being which exists before it can be defined by any conception of it. That being is man....
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|For, having begun to build their Tower of Babel without us, they will end in anthropophagy. And it is then that the beast will come crawling to us and lick our feet and spatter them with tears of blood from its eyes. And we shall sit upon the beast and raise the cup, and on it will be written: "Mystery!
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|My sorrow, when she's here with me, thinks these dark days of autumn rain are beautiful as days can be; she loves the bare, the withered tree; she walks the sodden pasture lane.
Bobby Scott|Whether it's making sure that families have access to quality health care and child care, or making sure that our children receive the best educational opportunities we can give them, we must remain committed to these needs because our children are our future.
Samantha Chase, Holiday Spice|Head to toe, Ben pressed up against her, and Darcy wanted to rub along him.There wasn’t room for her to move.Her back was against the cabinet and counter, and Ben was all over her front.Would it be wrong to purr? She wondered.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|If you'll laugh about something one day, you may as well start now.
David Metzenthen, Dreaming the Enemy|There was something wild about her, as if she was connected to this place but not the people.
Liz Newman|A woman has but two loves in life: the one who broke her heart and the one she spends the rest of her life with."- Carolyn Chase, former Broadcast Journalist and heroine Kate Theodore's mother
Jack Kerouac, Lonesome Traveler|After all this kind of fanfare, and even more, I came to a point where I needed solitude and to just stop the machine of 'thinking' and 'enjoying' what they call 'living,' I just wanted to lie in the grass and look at the clouds...
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Now Arthur, if humans could learn to gaze with their eyes or use their special sight, they would realize there is more to seeing than just what is in front of them!” Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Captain Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba|If the world is divided between Fascism and Communism, obviously Fascism must lose since it is the last, desperate refuge of the bourgeoisie
Ricky Mathieson, The Reiki Teachers Guidebook|Fritz had to stop himself from interrupting when Karl spoke about the difficulty of working. Stories are just as hard as clocks to put together, and they can go wrong just as easily--as we shall soon see with Fritz's own story in a page or two. Still, Fritz was an optimist, and Karl was a pessimist, and that makes all the difference in the world.
Kate Millett|The arbitrary character of patriarchal ascriptions of temperament and role has little effect upon their power over us. Nor do the mutually exclusive, contradictory, and polar qualities of the categories “masculine” and “feminine” imposed upon human personality give rise to sufficiently serious question among us. Under their aegis each personality becomes little more, and often less than half, of its human potential. Politically, the fact that each group exhibits a circumscribed but complementary personality and range of activity is of secondary importance to the fact that each represents a status or power division. In the matter of conformity patriarchy is a governing ideology without peer; it is probably that no other system has ever exercised such a complete control over its subjects.
Michael Moore|The travel, the amazing work I have had the chance to do, the meetings with different people are all very inspiring and give me lots of positive energy.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|All the carriages filed out in single file but in a fashion that seemed to mean that they were competing against each other. The only sound that could be heard for a while was the pounding of the horses’ hooves and the squeal and groan of the wheels against the road. Their hooves kicked up dirt, creating a storm of dust.	Once the miniature storm and the sound of galloping horses subsided, I could only see one last person. He glared up at me and mouthed, “Next time.” Christopher dug his boots into Dawn’s muscled flank. She reared up and broke into a gallop through the sparse forest, heading for escape. The last trace of them was the particles of floating dust, bright like floating fire.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|And whatever troubled him and showed in his face might have been the same old trouble - the problem of occupying space in the world and having a name people could call you by, being somebody they thought they could know
Sunday Adelaja|We may claim to believe in God, but we don't want to believe so much that it makes us different.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|Are we entirely ready, sir?" said Lieutenant Hornett, with the special inflection that means "We are not entirely ready, sir.""We had better be. Glory awaits, gentlemen. In the words of General Tacticus, 'let us take history by the scrotum.' Of course, he was not a very honourable fighter.
Gabriel García Márquez, Of Love and Other Demons|Her movements were so stealthy that she seemed to be an invisible creature. Frightened by her strange nature, her mother had hung a cowbell around the girl's wrist so she would not lose track of her in the shadows of the house.
John Chrysostom|The doctor's wife ate two apples a day, just to be safe. But her husband kept coming home.
Richard M. Nixon|When I first arrived in Baghdad in January 2003, I thought I would soon rent a house and envisioned myself swimming in the Tigris to cool off after reporting in the city the caliphs called Madinit al-Salam, the City of Peace. A year later, I realized I wouldn't be taking any midnight dips - Madinat al-Salam no more.
Paul Oxton|Humanity can no longer stand by in silence while our wildlife are being used, abused and exploited.It is time we all stand together, to be the voice of the voiceless before it's too late. Extinction means forever.
Debasish Mridha|In February when my garden is barren of flowers, you are the only flower blooming in my heart. I cherish you and adore you with all of my heart because you are my Valentine.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.
Allie Burke, Amber Passion|He dropped the joint in the dirt and ran inside. It wasn't his first, and wouldn't be his last. The joint, that is. Not the kid. He was pretty sure, at this point, that he would never have sexual relations with his wife again.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|It's a fact. We are magnets who attract whatever we are being. When we emit positive energy, thoughts, feelings, and vibrations, we attract more positives to us. When we emit negative energy, thoughts, feelings, and vibrations, we attract more negatives.
Vincent A. Gallagher, The True Cost of Low Prices: The Violence of Globalization|Recent evidence confirms that retail prices of essential consumer goods in poor countries are not appreciably lower than in the United States or Western Europe. In fact, with deregulation and "free trade", the cost of living in many Third World cities is now higher than in the United States. My experience in Latin America and Haiti is that the prices of meat, fish and fresh vegetables are about the same as in the United States. Can you imagine eating on less than one dollar a day?
Wesam Fawzi|If you start each day happy and treat people with more kindness, it determines the way you live your day. It's all about your choices!
merlin8thomas|I want to fall into the purity that is Day, soaking in his simple honesty, his heart that sits open and beating on his sleeve.
Beyonce Knowles|The way a woman carries herself and the way she dresses ought to promote the following types of words: modesty, discretion, wisdom, beauty, elegance and refinement, but not sensuality, luxury, extravagance.
Denise Mansfield Bradberry|Sometimes, people never stood a chance in the beginning. Or they might have made a mistake. When people start saying things like she must be a bad mother because of that mistake." .... "It's not fair. People claim to know you through the things you've done and not by sitting down and listening to you speak for yourself.
Timothy Findley|... too much brooding, not enough doing.
P. T. Barnum|You are free; you are free to go to your temples, you are free to go to your mosques or to any other place or worship in this State of Pakistan. You may belong to any religion or caste or creed - that has nothing to do with the business of the State.
Bill Maher|If a fourteen year-old can deliver your message, it's not because he's gifted. It's because intellectually, you're a child.
Ron Baratono|when you really realize how you have lived your life, you indeed realize how you must live your life. It is mostly they that have least time to ponder always who always find time to wonder.
William Pitt|The same ambition can destroy or save, and make a patriot as it makes a knave.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|I am not writing this book for people below the age of 18, but I see no harm in telling young people to prepare for failure rather than success, since failure is the main thing that is going to happen to them.
Kailin Gow|Everything in this world was so new, so wonderful and strange--like things in my old world, but better []For sixteen years my soul had been drawn towards this place, this alien homeland, toward its rainbow sunrises and whispering trees" Breena Bitter Frost (on the brink of discovery; about why she never quite felt like she belonged in the land over the Crystal River)
Douglas Horton|A special kind of beauty exists which is born in language, of language, and for language.
Bono|Grace is not just enough, it is more than enough. 2 Peter 1:2
Alberto Giacometti|There is no more difficult art to acquire than the art of observation, and for some men it is quite as difficult to record an observation in brief and plain language.
Eric Topol|I've been advised not to have any more children for medical reasons, so that's it - the shop has closed, even though I would have loved a daughter.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|There is no end in India, Mr. Jiabao,as Mr. Ashok so correctly used to say. You'll have to keep paying and paying the fuckers. But I complain about the police the way the rich complain; not the way the poor complain. The difference is everything.
Niccolò Machiavelli|It was the first time I had ever seen someone die, and it wasn't what I expected...I stood there waiting for something momentous to happen, for someone to say something profound, but there was nothing...I still had the childish notion that since my life was so important, all lives were so important. Since my death would be so cataclysmic, all deaths would be so cataclysmic.
Ian Frazier|With reporting, if you work hard, you can usually pull something out. But writing humor doesn't respond to working hard, necessarily. I mean, you could just sit there and look at the page all day and maybe something will come.
Henry Petroski|Because every design must satisfy competing objectives, there necessarily has to be compromise among, if not the complete exclusion of, some of those objectives, in order to meet what are considered the more important of them.
Naomi Novik, Black Powder War|I do not know that the Chinese system is any worse; there is a limit to the evil one despot alone can do, and if he is truly vicious he can be overthrown; a hundred corrupt members of Parliament may together do as much injustice or more, and be the less easy to uproot.
Gary Zukav|Eventually you will come to realize that love heals everything, and love is all there is.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|She turns her head, Bailey catches her eye, and she smiles at him. Not in the way that one smiles at a random member of the audience when one is in the middle of performing circus tricks with unusually talented kittens but in the way that one smiles when one recognizes someone they have not seen in some time.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Ol' man Simon, planted a diamond. Grew hisself a garden the likes of none. Sprouts all growin' comin' up glowin' Fruit of jewels all shinin' in the sun. Colors of the rainbow. See the sun and the rain grow sapphires and rubies on ivory vines, Grapes of jade, just ripenin' in the shade, just ready for the squeezin' into green jade wine. Pure gold corn there, Blowin' in the warm air. Ol' crow nibblin' on the amnythyst seeds. In between the diamonds, Ol' man Simon crawls about pullin' out platinum weeds. Pink pearl berries, all you can carry, put 'em in a bushel and haul 'em into town. Up in the tree there's opal nuts and gold pears- Hurry quick, grab a stick and shake some down. Take a silver tater, emerald tomater, fresh plump coral melons. Hangin' in reach. Ol' man Simon, diggin' in his diamonds, stops and rests and dreams about one... real... peach.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|I ended my first book with the words 'no answer.' I know now, Lord, why you utter no answer. You are yourself the answer. Before your face questions die away. What other answer would suffice? Only words, words; to be led out to battle against other words.
Deyth Banger|...I expected a gift, you know, something nice and useless...
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, go with love, but never leave hope behind.
May Sarton|We dress our garden, eat our dinners, discuss the household with our wives, and these things make no impression, are forgotten next week; but in the solitude to which every man is always returning, he has a sanity and revelations, which in his passage into new worlds he will carry with him. Never mind the ridicule, never mind the defeat: up again, old heart! — it seems to say, — there is victory yet for all justice; and the true romance which the world exists to realize, will be the transformation of genius into practical power.
Gerald  Mills|Love is giving without desiring, it's giving without requiring, but know that it will be returned. Maybe not as expected, but as needed
Sara Jane Stone, Stirring Attraction|Hot, raunchy and funny. —GiveMeBooks
Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light|I missed the sound of her shuffling her homework while I listened to music on her bed. I missed the cold of her feet against my legs when she climbed into bed.I missed the shape of her shadow where it fell across the page of my book. I missed the smell of her hair and the sound of her breath and my Rilke on her nightstand and her wet towel thrown over the back of her desk chair. It felt like I should be sated after having a whole day with her, but it just made me miss her more.
Ashton Kutcher|Vulnerability is the essence of romance. It's the art of being uncalculated, the willingness to look foolish, the courage to say, 'This is me, and I'm interested in you enough to show you my flaws with the hope that you may embrace me for all that I am but, more important, all that I am not.
Sourabh Mukherjee, About Matters of the Hurt: Love Stories - Round the Clock|Thank you for being you… for sharing your love with me… for inspiring me to accept myself… for helping me see the unique beauty in imperfection… for showing me that love is something you do; something not just to be said, but also to be shown.
Augustine of Hippo, Select Letters|Can human folly harbour a more arrogant or ungrateful thought than the notion that whereas God makes man beautiful in body, man makes himself pure in heart?
Sabrina Ward Harrison, Spilling Open: The Art of Becoming Yourself|I am afraid to show you who I really am, because if I show you who I really am, you might not like it--and that's all I got.
Mother Teresa, In the Heart of the World: Thoughts, Stories and Prayers|I wondered why it was that places are so much lovelier when one is alone. How commonplace and stupid it would be if I had a friend now, sitting beside me, someone I had known at school, who would say: “By-the-way, I saw old Hilda the other day. You remember her, the one who was so good at tennis. She’s married, with two children.” And the bluebells beside us unnoticed, and the pigeons overhead unheard. I did not want anyone with me. Not even Maxim. If Maxim had been there I should not be lying as I was now, chewing a piece of grass, my eyes shut. I should have been watching him, watching his eyes, his expression. Wondering if he liked it, if he was bored. Wondering what he was thinking. Now I could relax, none of these things mattered. Maxim was in London. How lovely it was to be alone again.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|Yes, our country has its shortcomings, but there's no moral equivalency between democracy and totalitarianism…There's no moral equivalency between propaganda and the truth.
Albert Camus|he doesn't play the game ... He refuses to lie. Lying is not only saying what isn't true. It is also, in fact especially, saying more than is true and, in the case of the human heart, saying more than one feels. We all do it, every day, to make life simpler. But Meursault, contrary to appearances, doesn't want to make life simpler. He says what he is, he refuses to hide his feelings and society immediately feels threatened.
Chief Seattle|Women, can't live with them, can't live without them.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Kiss me, and you will see how important I am.
Scott Hawkins, Spring 2015 Debut Fiction Sampler|For so long, maybe all my life, I thought only a house could make you whole. I thought I was nothing without an interesting address. I thought I was only as good as my color scheme, my drawer pulls, my floors....it's the knowledge that a house can be as fragile as life itself. You'd think it would be stronger, since it can stand in one spot for centuries while generations of humans run through its rooms, grow up, move out, and eventually die. But a house is an inherently limited entity. It can't do everything, or even most things. It cannot give you a personality. It cannot bring you love. It cannot cure loneliness. It can provide comfort, safety, a sense of pride--that much I know.
Jonasson, Jonas|Allan praised Herbert for a job well done and for acting the part well. Herbert blushed, while dismissing the praise, saying it wasn't hard to play stupid when you are stupid. Allan said that he didn't know how hard it was, because the idiots Allan had met so far in his life had all tried to do the opposite.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|He had the fault of thinking too well of himself--which who has not who thinks of himself at all, apart from his relation to the holy force of life, within yet beyond him? It was the almost unconscious, assuredly the undetected, self-approbation of the ordinarily righteous man, the defect of whose righteousness makes him regard himself as upright, but the virtue of whose uprightness will at length disclose to his astonished view how immeasurably short of rectitude he comes. At the age of thirty, Godfrey Wardour had not yet become so displeased with himself as to turn self-roused energy upon betterment; and until then all growth must be of doubtful result. … His friends notwithstanding gave him credit for great imperturbability; but in such willfully undemonstrative men the evil burrows the more insidiously that it is masked by a constrained exterior.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|In the shop we buy and sell them, but in truth books have no owner. Every book you see here has been somebody’s best friend.
Ashton Applewhite, This Chair Rocks: A Manifesto Against Ageism|The second, first thought.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Both my parents had a great influence on me. I never heard my father use a profane or even a slang word. I always respected him because of his complete integrity. In his business dealings his handshake was like a contract. He was as good as his word. Of all the people I have ever known, my mother had the greatest influence on me.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|When I left my first marriage, I left the insanity, the indifference, the negativity. In my world, LOVE MUST WIN. It can’t just be the answer. It must conquer all evil, all hatred, all indifference. Yes, Love is the always the answer, no matter the question. But Love always wins. Love always conquers (if we allow it).
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|What is history? Any thoughts, Webster?''History is the lies of the victors,' I replied, a little too quickly.'Yes, I was rather afraid you'd say that. Well, as long as you remember that it is also the self-delusions of the defeated. ...'Finn?''"History is that certainty produced at the point where the imperfections of memory meet the inadequacies of documentation." (quoting Patrick Lagrange)
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want to reduce the rats, use the cats! If you want to reduce the fools, use the books!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Every peak and valley of your life has led you to deeper understanding and, ultimately, growing compassion.
Marie Lu, Champion|On any given day, Ossifar Distana carried around 5000 passengers, the actual figure varying slightly depending on where she was on the vast elliptical cruise that took her around the Terran Empire. When she entered the system she carried 4984 passengers, 500 crew, one dead body and one very puzzled Captain.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|Maybe it could be depression, like you get. I can understand now how you suffer when you’re depressed; I always thought you liked it and I thought you could have snapped yourself out any time, if not alone, then by means of the mood organ. But when you get that depressed you don’t care. Apathy, because you’ve lost a sense of worth.
R. N. Prasher|When a lie makes a soft bed for everyone, may the truth lie low. God as commonly understood appears to be one such lie. God as non-existence is not everyone's cup of tea and He better remain so.
Judyann McCole, Adela Arthur and the Creator's Clock|See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory thatsomeone has left this world, you are still in it. And the very act of livingis a tide: at first it seems to make no difference at all, and then one dayyou look down and see how much pain has eroded.
Patrick W. Carr, The Hero's Lot|If I had the wings of a swan, over these stony hills I would fly. I would fly to the arms of my true love, and there I'd be happy to die.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Make life easier for those around you, not harder.Every person you know is fighting their own great battle. Few of us ever know what those battles entail, and so often we say and do things that push others deeper and harder into the front lines of those battles. I know such has been the relentless lifelong reality for me.Love a person for the person that they are.Or dislike them for the person that they are.But don’t love or dislike them for the sole reason that they see people differently than you do. Don’t love or dislike them because they experience the world differently than you do.And please don’t eternally and wholly define them with sexual labels just because they were among those who finally found the courage to acknowledge their truth.
Charles Caleb Colton|If you cannot inspire a woman with love of you, fill her above the brim with love of herself ~ all that runs over will be yours.
Marlena de Blasi, That Summer in Sicily: A Love Story|She's a woman. Like a chameleon does, a woman quietly blends into all the parts of her life. Sometimes you can hardly tell she's there, she's so quiet going on about her business. Feed the baby. Muck the stables. Make soup from stones. Make a sheet into a dress. She doesn't count on destiny for anything. She knows its her own hands, her own arms, her own thighs and breasts that have to do the work. Destiny is bigger in men's lives. Destiny is a welcome guest in a man's house. She barely knocks and he's there to open the door. "Yes, yes. You do it," he says to destiny and lumbers back to his chair.
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|We may be just a drop in the ocean, but even the ocean envies the depth of our love.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Caring for someone that doesn't care for you doesn't get you any where, take all the love and care you have for them and give it to someone that actually cares about you, but until you find that person... invest it in yourself.
Adrianne Ambrose, Fangs for Nothing|This isn't my last brush with catastrophe while making Destination Truth. Rather, it's merely the opening act in a cabaret of close calls, all in the name of exploration. I'm not saying that making D.T. is dangerous; it's not, per se. It's just that when you go out of your way to find adventure, sometimes adventure bites you on the ass. The key is figuring out how to walk away in one piece.
Graham Norton|I think audiences can relate to the guys I'm playing, those large-and-in-charge idiots. Or maybe I just make them feel better about who they are, or who they're dating.
Donna Lynn Hope|He was back in the water, not braving but frowning, synchronised swimming, not swimming but sinking, toward the godsquid he knew was there, tentacular fleshscape and the moon-sized eye that he never saw but knew, as if the core of the fucking planet was not searing metal but mollusc, as if what we fall toward when we fall, what the apple was heading for when Newton's head got in the way, was kraken.
Jim Tully, Circus Parade|A crowd of men stood in front of them. Of all ages, with expressions of sex-wonder in their eyes, gazing curiously as men who cannot solve a mystery that populates graveyards and through the ages has sent poets, popes, kings and fools to the junk heap.
David Hume|A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation; therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future.
Anthony Liccione|Throughout the years, I have found people are confused about my love for both Christianity and Paganism. I tell them what was revealed to me while I lay sleeping in the hospital. The All, whether perceived as a God, or a Goddess, or as one being, or even as an energy field, cares only about one thing: Love. Absolute and unconditional love. --High Priestess Enoch
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|Only an idiot would trust a Kelpie this close to the water. Getting on its back with the scent of the sea in the air would be a fast, painful means of suicide, and I'm not a fan of pain.
Richard Paul Evans, A Step of Faith|My heartfelt appreciation goes out to Jan Zwicky, Don McKay, John Barton, Barry Dempster, Carolyn Forché and Elizabeth Philips for their masterful eyes and minds.
Moonshine Noire|With each mile we put behind us, I felt the air grow lighter in my lungs. It was as if the city had been one large pressure cooker, simmering in its own juices. With the top down on the coupe and a stalwart, man-made breeze blowing steadily in my face, I tallied the city's many summertime brutalities: the heat that radiated from the gray asphalt and made the air dance in wavy shimmers; the stagnant ponds in Central Park that turned a milky, putrid, almost phosphorescent green and incubated countless mosquitoes; the blasts of hot dirty air that breathed upward from every subway grate; oh, and how the loud noises pouring from construction sites even somehow seemed to further agitate and heat the air!
Jasmine Warga|What people never understand is that depression isn't about the outside; it's about the inside. Something inside me is wrong. Sure, there are things in my life that make me feel alone, but nothing makes me feel more isolated and terrified than my own voice inside my head.
Enrico Fermi|For those who confuse you, recognize that their confusion is theirs and your clarity is yours.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|He sat and looked at her. “How is Mary Darling?”“Fast asleep after playing and having a bath,” she said. “The nursery is lovely.”“I’m glad you like it.”“Rose and Annie are obviously practiced nursemaids, and what is even better, they seem to like Mary, and she them.”He grunted. “It would take a hard heart to turn away from my Mary Darling.”A smile curved the corners of her lips. “You didn’t seem too enamored of her when you first met.”“She has a forceful personality, as do I. We just took a bit to get to know one another.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|If GOD can raise a dead man, then He can raise a living man's dead anything.
Sunday Adelaja|The Bible is instruction, it is light, it is the Word of God that predicts future events, warns of dangers and holds us back from falling and getting hurt.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Take death for example. A great deal of our effort goes into avoiding it. We make extraordinary efforts to delay it, and often consider its intrusion a tragic event. Yet we’d find it hard to live without it. Death gives meaning to our lives. It gives importance and value to time. Time would become meaningless if there were too much of it.
Mercedes Lackey, The Phoenix Endangered|I have a friend who likes to date younger women because their stories are shorter. Old men like us, our stories are longer.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Ordinary people pursue money, simple people pursue power, average people pursue fame, but extraordinary people pursue ideas.
Judith Fertig, The Cake Therapist|Love is a creative act. When you love someone you create a new world for them. My mother did that for me, and with the progress I made and the things I learned, I came back and created a new world and a new understanding for her.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Bryce|Bryce carried her to the bed and lowered her onto it. He crawled to her with a predatory look, leaving her no doubt she was the prey. "I promise to make you feel good.
Alan W. Watts|The art of meditation is a way of getting into touch with reality, and the reason for it is that most civilized people are out of touch with reality because they confuse the world as it with the world as they think about it and talk about it and describe it. For on the one hand there is the real world and on the other there is a whole system of symbols about that world which we have in our minds. These are very very useful symbols, all civilization depends on them, but like all good things they have their disadvantages, and the principle disadvantage of symbols is that we confuse them with reality, just as we confuse money with actual wealth.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Knowing it, you know the very heartbeat of existence. Knowing it, you have known all that is worth knowing, and you have achieved all that is worth achieving. It opens doors to all the mysteries of existence, to all the treasures of existence which belong to you. Outside you are simply a beggar. Even your greatest intellectuals are just playing with words.
Shaquille O'Neal|I not only wanted to showcase lyrical skills but also continue to drop knowledge on the hiphop community. I'm looking to elevate through my music, and through my music I educate.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Rum Diary|Finally we came over a rise and I saw the Caribbean...My first feeling was a wild desire to drive a stake in the sand and claim the place for myself. The beach was white as salt, and cut off from the world by a ring of steep hills that faced the sea. We were on the edge of a large bay and the water was that clear, turquoise color that you get with a white sand bottom. I had never seen such a place. I wanted to take off all my clothes and never wear them again.
Will Poulter|My father Bill had a problem with Christmas. Although he appears in old photographs to possess a whippy, muscular frame, he was actually a frail man and usually managed to cause some kind of drama just before the festivities began.
Thomas Carlyle|If God did not arrange [the world] this way, then there must be an independent factor in the universe. And if there is such, one consequence and perhaps two follow. First, the doctrine of creation must be abandoned. A creation ex nihilo would be completely in God's control. Independent forces cannot be created forces, and created forces cannot be independent. Then, second, if the universe is not God's creation, his knowledge of it--past and future--cannot depend on what he intends to do, but on his observation of how it works. In such a case, how could we be sure that God's observations are accurate? How could we be sure that these independent forces will not later show an unsuspected twist that will falsify God's predictions? And, finally, on this view God's knowledge would be empirical, rather than an integral part of his essence, and thus he would be a dependent knower. These objections are insurmountable. We can consistently believe in creation, omnipotence, omniscience, and the divine decree. But we cannot retain sanity and combine any one of these with free will.
Roxane Gay|If a relationship is going wrong, if a marriage is going wrong, the answer cannot simply be to say, 'You can't afford to break up because you are going to lose the house.' The answer has to be only one thing, which is 'I love you.'
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|Like any normal fifth grader, I preferred my villains to be evil and stay that way, to act like Dracula rather than Frankenstein's monster, who ruined everything by handing that peasant girl a flower. He sort of made up for it by drowning her a few minutes later, but, still, you couldn't look at him the same way again.
Jennifer Lane, Bad Behavior|Nick looked to the sky again, searching for a last glimpse of the shiny jet. ‘For us, maybe, but courtesy of Nina and her reckless ambition Ellie Wilding will remember this day for the rest of her life.
Paulo Coelho|...the desert is so huge, and the horizons so distant, that they make a person feel small, and as if he should remain silent.
Jeff Bridges|I don't like Los Angeles. The people are awful and terribly shallow, and everybody wants to be famous but nobody wants to play the game. I'm from New York. I will kill to get what I need.
Kerry Washington|NASA's been one of the most successful public investments in motivating students to do well and achieve all they can achieve, and it's sad that we are turning the program in a direction where it will reduce the amount of motivation it provides to young people.
Mark Twain|The humorous story is American, the comic story is English, the witty story is French.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Because when you are imagining, you might as well imagine something worth while.
Scott K. Edinger, The Hidden Leader: Discover and Develop Greatness Within Your Company|Nathan seemed to have absorbed his sense of journalistic ethics from old movies about newspaper reporters. For Naomi, internet sampling ad scratching was a completely valid form of journalism, presenting no ethical clouds on its open-source horizon.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Set a challenge for yourself and challenge yourself to set a challenge for others to challenge themselves. True strength, true wisdom, true tenacity and true courage is best seen when it is in motion! Take action!
Elvis Costello|There are no plans that always work in life. For me, the secret to happiness is being positive and looking at the brighter side of my life.
Frederick Buechner, The Hungering Dark|Once we have seen Him in a stable, we can never be sure where He will appear or to what lengths he will go or to what ludicrous depths of self-humiliation He will descend in His wild pursuit of men.
Dada Bhagwan|Everyone has excess awareness in one or two things. In everything else, he does have awareness indeed. If one has equal awareness in everything, he will indeed become a Gnani [the enlightened one].
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|Go for it, while you can. I know you have it in you. And I can't promise you'll get everything you want, but I can promise nothing will change if you don't try.
Kristen Hope Mazzola, Crashing Back Down|If it was possible for two people to make sparks, simply by connecting at their lips, I would think we would have been a firework display in the dark.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|A woman means by Unselfishness chiefly taking trouble for others; a man means not giving trouble to others...thus, while the woman thinks of doing good offices and the man of respecting other people’s rights, each sex, without any obvious unreason, can and does regard the other as radically selfish.
Gena Showalter, The One You Want|My momma says we don’t need a man to do our chores for us, ’cause we are smart and capable and I believe her even though Sara’s mom says men were born to be our slaves, we just have to know how to manage them.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Women have endeavored to guide men to love because patriarchal thinking has sanctioned this work even as it has undermined it by teaching men to refuse guidance…A useful gift all love’s practitioners can give is the offering of forgiveness. It not only allows us to move away from blame, from seeing others as the cause of our sustained lovelessness, but it enables us to experience agency, to know we can be responsible for giving and finding love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Believe in yourself, not in your critics.
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|Obviously it was happenstance, but it did change my opinion of human nature. I now saw war as a constant, akin to wildfires. They break out unless you work actively to prevent them. It’s an atavistic thing, buried deep in our DNA.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|How to teach again what has been taught correctly it incorrectly 1000 thousand times, throughout the millenniums of mankind's prudent folly? That is the hero's ultimate difficult task. How to render back into light-world language the speech-defying pronouncements of the dark? Many failures attest to the difficulties of this life-affirmative threshold.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|The marquis stared at Richard, openly amused. "What a refreshing mind you have, young man," he said. "There really is nothing quite like total ignorance, is there?
Gabriella Jording|Depression isn't a condition, it's a state of mind.
Dan Florence, Zombies Love Pizza|Never second guess yourself. Or do, maybe. Whatever you feel good about.
Gregory Benford|People are seduced by signals from the world, but that is manipulation, not reality. Computers have learned more about us than we've learned about them.
Tyler Perry|It's not an easy journey, to get to a place where you forgive people. But it is such a powerful place, because it frees you.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Every Other Day|We are all, I suppose, beholden to our parents - the question is, how much?
Richie Norton|If you continue to treat yourself like a 3rd class citizen, you’ll stay a 3rd class citizen.You’re better than that.
Ellen Datlow, Teeth: Vampire Tales|Tara. I'm a vampire," Pearl said."Yeah, whatever, and I'm queen of the sea.""Your Marine Majesty, I'm a vampire," Pearl said.Concentrating, she slid her fangs out. "Tara. Tara!" She curled back her lips to expose the points. "See"Tara screamed."I won't hurt you," Pearl said. Calm down. Sheesh."Tara continued to scream.Pearl considered biting her merely to shut her up. Regrettably that would be counter productive. Studying her nails, she waited for Tara to quit screaming. She noticed that Tara didn't try to exit the car, which was an interesting choice."You aren't running away," Pearl said."Duh, it's raining outside," Tara said.
Amit Ray|God is peace, bliss, beauty and truth. Focus your energy on that, life will be like that.
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|Perhaps this is what Henry James meant when he talked about the “irresponsibility” of characters. Characters are irresponsible, art is irresponsible when compared to life, because it is first and foremost important that a character be real, and as readers or watchers we tend to applaud any effort made towards the construction of that reality. We do not, of course, indulge actual people in the world this way at all. In real life, the fact that something seems real to someone is not enough to interest us, or to convince us that that reality is interesting. But the self-reality of fictional characters is deeply engrossing, which is why villains are lovable in literature in ways that they are not in life.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Stress is equivalent to weapons of mass destruction armed for wrong reasons. The difference is that, it is less costly as compared to the atomic bombs! However, it destroys faster!
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|His eyes were frighteningly alive, the curve of his mouth savage and pleased. It suddenly didn't seem at all surprising that he should be able to pull things from his dreams.In that moment, Blue was a little in love with all of them. Their magic. Their quest. Their awfulness and strangeness. Her raven boys.
Mahatma Gandhi|Although we look at ourself as One, in the real world we always experience ourself as TWO.
Alicia Keys|The problem with our culture is we cling to so many different truths. Yet, the truths that we cling to also depend on our point of view. Maybe, the journey to a truth that can be free of hatred, bias and injustice requires a journey of the soul to see all view points.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|I don't mind nothing happening in a book, but nothing happening in a phony way--characters saying things people never say, doing jobs that don't fit, the whole works--is simply asking too much of a reader. Something happening in a phony way must beat nothing happening in a phony way every time, right? I mean, you could prove that, mathematically, in an equation, and you can't often apply science to literature.
Jennifer Weiner|And for some reason, when I'm sad, I do listen to Leonard Cohen, I do listen to Joni Mitchell. I do find myself going to the music that's actually reflecting my mood, as opposed to sticking on Motown, which might actually bring my mood up.
Tobias Wolff, This Boy's Life|In the days ahead, you will either be a mystic (one who has experienced God for real) or nothing at all.
J. Paul Getty, How to Be Rich|Achievement requires a strong will, failure, a stubborn won't.
Bobby Flay|I'm in this absolutely gorgeous manor house with acres of quite beautiful countryside. I've got trout in the river, an organic vegetable garden, I've got my work 40 yards from my home. I don't mind being criticised, but where are they criticising from? Which hut are they criticising me from, exactly?
Miranda Cosgrove|My mom and my dad wanted my brother and I to have a better life, you know, better education, better jobs. It was probably harder, much, much harder, for my parents. When you're a kid, you can learn a language much more easily; I learned English in less than a year.
Chris Palmer, Shooting in the Wild: An Insider's Account of Making Movies in the Animal Kingdom|One morning she happened upon a bit of cloth decorated with pictures of little red squirrels carrying small, brown,nutsacks,and she nearly fainted away.
Salvatore G. Laterra|When learning for self-growth, a problem many people have is that they memorize what they learn, but do not always think, apply, adapt and repeat what they learn
Lemony Snicket, The Wide Window|Modernization, socialization, and progression doesn’t alter nor permit discarding the morals and the laws one should abide themselves too.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|Actually, you can be bad at something...but if you love doing it, that will be enough. - August Boatwright
Jude Morgan, An Accomplished Woman|Really, I protest--what is left for the satirical mind to invent when reality so surpasses it?
Holly Walrath, Pulp Literature Summer 2015: Issue 7|Each day Marda gets closer. The sub circles coral reefs off the coasts, where mermaids are said to like the colors of the schools of fishes, and train them to swim around their necks like jewelry or live behind their ears, beneath their long hair. Sometimes mermaids like shallow places, but mostly they like the dark and the beautiful, uncharted, abandoned, soulless parts of the undiscovered world.
Gary   Hopkins|Never allow dogmatic interpretations of Karma to keep you from defending what is right or just. You must accept the reality that on occasion, you may very well be the proper instrument of this cosmic force.
Vivienne Westwood|The definition of swagger, in my opinion, is you have to have that arrogance, that confidence that you are the best out there at all times.
Frankie Avalon|I consider myself a writer. I always wanted to act, and as a teen, I studied acting devotedly. Eventually, I got writing work, but very little acting work.
George Orwell|The majority of pacifists either belong to obscure religious sects or are simply humanitarians who object to taking life and prefer not to follow their thoughts beyond that point. But there is a minority of intellectual pacifists, whose real though unacknowledged motive appears to be hatred of western democracy and admiration for totalitarianism. Pacifist propaganda usually boils down to saying that one side is as bad as the other, but if one looks closely at the writing of the younger intellectual pacifists, one finds that they do not by any means express impartial disapproval but are directed almost entirely against Britain and the United States …
Tony Meloto (Your First Job by: N. Dy)|If you really want to be happy, don't just go for the money. Go for the relationship that lasts. Go for things of greater value.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Often she dreamt she had two wings, and one was frightened, and one was happy.
Helen Keller|From my very first day as an entrepreneur, I've felt the only mission worth pursuing in business is to make people's lives better.
Jake Roberts|What makes me sad about school is that the people who are unhappy are unhappy because they don't believe it will change. And I just want to say: 'It does! High school ends and it's over.' I will tell anyone that it's OK to be unhappy at school, make lots of mistakes and then it will be over.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Students today want to know about the devil, about witchcraft, about the occult. Many people do not know they are turning to Satan. They are being deluded.
Yann Martel|It's a misery peculiar to would-be writers. Your theme is good, as are your sentences. Your characters are so ruddy with life they practically need birth certificates. The plot you've mapped out for them is grand, simple and gripping. You've done your research, gathering the facts; historical, social, climatic culinary, that will give your story its feel of authenticity. The dialogue zips along, crackling with tension. The descriptions burst with color, contrast and telling detail.Really, your story can only be great. But it all adds up to nothing.In spite the obvious, shining promise of it, there comes a moment when you realize that the whisper that has been pestering you all along from the back of your mind is speaking the flat, awful truth: IT WON'T WORK.An element is missing, that spark that brings to life in a real story, regardless of whether the history or the food is right.Your story is emotionally dead, that's the crux of it.The discovery is something soul-destroying, I tell you. It leaves you with an aching hunger.
Mark Huntley-James, Hell Of A Deal|His only mistake, naturally enough, was to keep his attention on the bloke with the saw. He should have been watching the naked girls. Amazing how finely balanced that choice can be.
Jeffrey Fry|Too much fame, money or alcohol can make you stupid.
Lynne Truss|I think sex is very interesting for most people, but I'm interested in sex as a way of communication, I'm not that interested in the fantasy version of a sex scene.
Jeffrey Kluger|I have a lot of friends, but my biggest fear is loneliness. I miss my family in Mumbai, and my biggest nightmare every day is to go back home alone.
Dee Williams|I suppose without curiosity a man would be a tortoise. Very comfortable life, a tortoise has. Goes to sleep all winter and doesn't eat anything more than grass as far as I know, to live all the summer. Not an interesting life perhaps, but a very peaceful one.
Tessa Gratton, The Strange Maid|My friends love me terribly, and their grief will be a screaming storm if I die.
Annalee Newitz|It is a world of extremes, which can be characterised most clearly in terms of exclusion. That means political exclusion, whereby the rights of citizens are marginalised by the interests of big business: George W Bush's environmental policy, for example, is clearly formulated in the interests of U.S. energy companies.
Ernest Dowson, The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson|I was not sorrowful, but only tiredOf everything that ever I desired.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|... why I like timetables, because they make sure I don't get lost in time.
Tanya Masse|Sometimes, the wicked will tell us things just to confuse us - to haunt our thoughts long after we face them. He would be delighted to know you're still fretting over whatever nonsense he said...Don't give him the satisfaction of knowing that he's still troubling you; put those thoughts from your mind
C.S. Lewis, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe|He wasn't normally conscious of it, but there was one part of his body that was extremely sensitive, somewhere along his back. This soft, subtle spot he couldn't reach was usually covered by something, so that it was invisible to the naked eye. But when, for whatever reason, that spot became exposed and someone's finger pressed down on it, something inside him would stir. A special substance would be secreted, swiftly carried by his bloodstream to every corner of his body. That special stimulus was both a physical sensation and a mental one, creating vivid images in his mind.The first time he met Sara, he felt an anonymous finger reach out and push down forcefully on that trigger on his back. The day they met they talked for a long time, though he couldn't recall much of what they said. What he did recall was the special feeling on his back, and the indefinably thrilling sensation it brought to his mind and body. One part of him relaxed, one part tightened up. That sort of feeling. But what did it mean? Tsukuru thought about it for days, but he was not, by nature, adept at abstract thinking. So Tsukuru emailed Sara and invited her to dinner. He was determined to find out the meaning of that feeling, of that sensation.
Jorge Luis Borges, Seven Nights|Personally, I am a hedonistic reader; I have never read a book merely because it was ancient. I read books for the aesthetic emotions they offer me, and I ignore the commentaries and criticism.
Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty|O: Hey youngman, you should respect me!Y: Hey oldman, you should understand me!
Greg Gutfeld|I am a New Yorker, and 7:00 A.M. is a civilized hour to finish the day, not to start it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You must fall in love with your job, over and over again, to own it.
Max Lucado, Grace for the Moment|He hesitated, then lifted his head and sniffed. “Have you been drinking?” The question was more curious than accusatory. “No,” Bast said. The innkeeper raised an eyebrow. “I’ve been tasting,” Bast said, emphasizing the word. “Tasting comes before drinking.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|People? They usually ask only stupid questions, forcing you to reply with equally stupid answers. For instance, they ask you what you do, not what you would have liked to do. They ask you what you own, not what you’ve lost. They ask about the woman you married, not about the one you love. About your name, but not if it suits you. They ask your age, but not how well you’ve lived those years. They ask about the city you live in, not about the city that lives in you. And they ask if you pray, not if you fear God.So I’ve gotten used to answering these questions with silence. You know, when we shut up, we force others to reconsider their mistakes.
Eileen Wilks, On the Prowl|How to put this feeling, this certainty, into something as limited as words?
H.B. Charles Jr.|Prayer is our Christian duty. It is an expression of submission to God and dependence upon Him. For that matter, prayer is arguably the most objective measurement of our dependence upon God. The things you pray about are the things you trust God to handle. The things you neglect to pray about are the things you trust you can handle on your own.
Michel de Montaigne|In morals, truth is but little prized when it is a mere sentiment, and only attains its full value when realized in the world as fact.
Dominic Riccitello|Loving you was hard, wanting you was harder, but kissing your forehead was insanity.
Charles Dickens|I felt overstuffed and dull and disappointed, the way I always do the day after Christmas, as if whatever it was the pine boughs and the candles and the silver and gilt-ribboned presents and the birch-log fires and the Christmas turkey and the carols at the piano promised never came to pass.
George Duke|When I hear other people's stories, I like to believe that they contribute to my 'Encyclopedia of Human Experience.' The stories I hear help me expand my definition of what love is, what pain feels like, what sacrifice means, what laughter can do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Competence, Courage, Confident!
Mia Sheridan, Kyland|When we have simplicity we have so much more freedom in every single aspect of our lives. Maybe it's a classic case of less is more? Less stress, less worries, more time, more happiness.
Kirby Larson|There should be fireworks at last, when a dream dies.
R.J. Larson, Judge|Aching, she gazed down at Kien, then blew him a kiss, love mingling with longing and regret. He answered, sending her a kiss in turn. And another smile, radiant with delight. How could one man be so captivating?
Kristen Ashley, Play It Safe|Aren't all marriages kind of gay? As a man, when you get marries, essentially what you're saying is 'I will never touch another woman as long as I live, now let's put jewellery on each other and dance
Karen Kingston, Clear Your Clutter with Feng Shui|The courage is light of one’s life,is the beauty of today.The hope of one’s soul,is the promise of a tomorrow.The times of our past,is a wisdom for anytime.The labour of our sacrifice and love,is a masterpiece of our moments.The voyage of one’s mind,is a journey towards discovery.The joy in one’s heart,is a gift for everyone.The faith of a soul,is a key to hope and to love.The true unconditional love of a heartis a priceless treasure one can ever give.For our mind, heart and soulIn any journey of rise or fall,Let faith, hope and love breathe!As you share it for whom your heart beats.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|[R]eality and real people are too subtle and complicated for anybody's typewriter, even Tolstoy's, even yours, even mine.
Maya Van Wagenen|If you haven't guessed yet, my family is made up of ultra-nerds. This is not necessarily a bad thing. We play games like Scrabble and watch documentaries together. I have always known that I am going to college. Yet, there are times when it can get a little embarrassing. As Mom admits, "Re-enacting is the final step before Star Trek conventions." In a couple of years, my family will probably be doing that, too.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|If Aphrodite had an avatar on earth, it was her. It was her- the Holy Grail men keep searching all through their lives!
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading|These days, I'm finding it harder and harder to breathe. My chest pounds with every heart beat like you're here, again, standing in front of me, your two hands around my neck.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The description of Huck’s father grabbed my full attention, and I glanced up at the book in my teacher’s hand as if to double check. My eyes bulged reflexively. Huck’s father was an abusive drunk just like mine. The boy was hopeful that a corpse found near the river was actually his dad, but it turned out not to be. It was spooky how high my hopes rose for the boy, and then sank so utterly low when the body was discovered to be a female in disguise. I should’ve mourned for the woman, but it was the boy I felt bad for.
Alice Sebold, Lucky|After telling the hard facts to anyone from lover to friend, I have changed in their eyes. Often it is awe or admiration, sometimes it is repulsion, once or twice it has been fury hurled directly at me for reasons I remain unsure of.
Pam Grier|All art is a struggle to be, in a particular sort of way, virtuous.
Harper Lee|You rarely win, but sometimes you do.
Amy Carmichael|Bare heights of loneliness...a wilderness whose burning winds sweep over glowing sands, what are they to HIM? Even there He can refresh us, even there He can renew us.
Jim Samuels|If your neighbor has a completely different view on abortion, gay marriage, stem cell research, all of those things, you still are both Americans. Neither one of you is necessarily more patriotic than the other. Neither loves their country any more than the other one does.
Amit Kalantri|In modern times, beauty is more trusted than goodness.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|Maria didn’t fear the sea but, as taught by her father, she respected its power. In her experience the ocean had no intent to drown travellers.
Marianne Williamson|The Project Angel Food Program's mission is to nourish the body and spirit of men, women and children affected by HIV/AIDS and other serious illness. The Project Angel Food Program delivers free and nutritious meals prepared with love. We act out of a sense of urgency because hunger and illness cannot wait.
Dada Bhagwan|There are only two things to understand in this world. First is, one’s own True Self, and the other is, our faults from the past [life]. Won’t these faults have to be broken?
Michelle Madow, Timeless|There is no strife, no prejudice, no national conflict in outer space as yet. Its hazards are hostile to us all. Its conquest deserves the best of all mankind, and its opportunity for peaceful cooperation many never come again. But why, some say, the moon? Why choose this as our goal? And they may well ask why climb the highest mountain? Why, 35 years ago, fly the Atlantic? Why does Rice play Texa...s? We choose to go to the moon. We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too.
Shannon L. Alder|To live is to walk beside Death but never join hands. ~ Captain Buck "Slackeye" Roberts
P.C. Cast|If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh.
Sarah Dunn|Why does anyone stay in an unhappy relationship? Because people do. They do it all the time. And the truth is, when you’re in it, when you’re up to your neck in the everyday part of life with another human being, sometimes you don’t exactly notice how bad things really are. It’s not always as apparent as it would seem. Unhappiness, when it involves another person, can be like that line from The Sun Also Rises about going bankrupt, how it happens two ways: gradually, and then suddenly.
Wen Jiabao|Our strength in finance has led us to set up an international financial centre with medium and long-term objectives, especially to develop Islamic financial and insurance services.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|If an enthusiastic, ardent, and ambitous man marry a wife on whose name there is a stain, which, though it originate in no fault of hers, may be visited by cold and sordid people upon her, and upon his children also: and, in exact proportion to his success in the world, be cast in his teeth, and made the subject of sneers against him: he may-no matter how generous and good his nature- one day repent of the connection he formed in early life; and she may have the pain and torture of knowing that he does so.
Gaelen Foley, The Duke|Our souls need music, Robert, as our bodies need touch.
Samuel de Champlain|Elegance is always in style for men. There are all different kinds of elegance. It can be silk, it can be a T-shirt.
Marian Sandmaier,  “More Than Love,” The Family Therapy Networker, May/June 1996|I need to work on developing a new, less irritable personality. though I suspect that an empty nest would be at least a partial cure, today I resorted to substance abuse.
Christian Bale|When we talk about Oscars, it's almost as a symbol of excellence, and the American public and the worldwide public accept that symbol. So, a movie like 'The Artist' that costs $14 million, has to go out and compete with movies that cost $140 million. How does David deal with Goliath?
Philip Roth|I am a novelist, and my goal in writing a novel is to leave the reader not knowing what to think. A good novel shouldn't have a point.
Matilda Joslyn Gage|We have lunch at ten-forty-five,” Colin said. A stupidly early lunch. At our school, the older you get, the stupider your lunch period.
Norah Vincent|If I was lonely, if I was afraid of being alone, then why abandon myself? Why run to someone else looking to give myself the thing that only I could give? I wanted to escape myself because I felt empty, and the emptiness frightened me. But obviously, I was empty because I was always running out, running away. The only way to fill the emptiness was to remain, to take up residence in myself.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy and beloved have a tender heart, blissful thoughts, and a non-judgmental mind.
Elizabeth Chandler, The Back Door of Midnight|People fear anyone who differs from what is considered normal, and in a small town the idea of normal can be as narrow as the streets.
Laird Barron, X's For Eyes|Mac, are we having an adventure? Is someone going to shoot at me? Am I going to be kidnapped again? Locked in a trunk and dropped into the sea? Experimented on with growth hormones? Chased by a lunatic in a mechanical werewolf getup? It sure feels like we’re having an adventure.”“Yep, we’re having an adventure,” Mac said.
Lucia Jang|We will know which stars to visit. Our descendants will then skim the light years, the children of Thales and Aristarchus, Leonardo and Einstein.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Remember, for a society to truly progress we don't need woman or man, we need a fully-fledged human - nothing short of that would do.
Gilles Deleuze|It is not by means of a metaphor that a banking or stock-market transaction, a claim, a coupon, a credit, is able to arouse people who are not necessarily bankers. And what about the effects of money that grows, money that produces more money? There are socioeconomic "complexes" that are also veritable complexes of the unconscious, and that communicate a voluptuous wave from the top to the bottom of their hierarchy (the military-industrial complex). And ideology, Oedipus, and the phallus have nothing to do with this, because they depend on it rather than being its impetus. For it is a matter of flows, of stocks, of breaks in and fluctuations of flows; desire is present wherever something flows and runs, carrying along with it interested subjects—but also drunken or slumbering subjects—toward lethal destinations.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|You have no sense of your true duty, which is to be a man and preserve humanity. You imitate wise men so badly and bandits so well. Your movies and radio programs are full of murder.
James Dashner, The Death Cure|I'm so sorry," he whispered to her, knowing she couldn't hear. "I'm so sorry."Her mouth moved, working to speak, and he leaned in to make out what she was trying to say."Me...too," she whispered. "i only ever... cared for..."And then Thomas was being dragged away from her. He didn't have the energy or will to fight it. She was gone.
Hugh Mackay|The Bible tells us that God will meet all our needs. He feeds the birds of the air and clothes the grass with the splendor of lilies. How much more, then, will He care for us, who are made in His image? Our only concern is to obey the heavenly Father and leave the consequences to Him.
Katy Perry|My dad would give me $10, which is a lot of money when you're 9, to sing at church, on tables at restaurants, at family functions, just about anywhere.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Every man should believe in something.If not..he would doubt everything, even himself.
Kate Noble, Follow My Lead|The workings of the male mind are twisted indeed." Winnifred Crane
Jaeda DeWalt|Nestled deep within the hills and valleys or our deepest desires, we are already everything we wish to be. Our infinite potential hugging our interior landscape like a hazy mist, in the way that low clouds hug the earth. Patiently waiting for us to paint them onto the brilliant blue skies of our reality.
Mahatma Gandhi|Do not worry in the least about yourself, leave all worry to God,' - this appears to be the commandment in all religions. This need not frighten anyone. He who devotes himself to service with a clear conscience, will day by day grasp the necessity for it in greater measure, and will continually grow richer in faith. The path of service can hardly be trodden by one who is not prepared to renounce self-interest, and to recognize the conditions of his birth. Consciously or unconsciously, every one of us does render some service or other. If we cultivate the habit of doing this service deliberately, our desire for service will steadily grow stronger, and will make not only for our own happiness but that of the world at large.
Becky G|Before we took down the tree each year, Dad would always say a prayer that we would be together the next Christmas. I cling to that prayer, which serves as a reminder that it's important to be grateful in the present for the people you love because, well, you never know.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Someone has said that culture is what remains with you after you have forgotten all you have read, and I believe there is much truth in that.
K. A. Applegate|I was, like, this token teen angst child of Broadway. It's so funny. What is that? I don't even know. But I loved it.
Belsebuub|There is a knowledge that is beyond the mind and the intellect, it is the wisdom of consciousness.
Tovaley B. Kysel, The Scion Princess|You were in the trunk while they —”This time, Gentry closed his eyes.“Please. I’m going to have flashbacks. I don’t want flashbacks.”Sophie couldn’t contain their amusement any longer and broke out into laughter.“Odette, you naughty girl!”“I didn’t know he was back there!” She didn’t turn around. Odette didn’t want to see the look on Sophie’s face.“If I did, I wouldn’t have climbed into Keahi’s lap in the first place!”“Okay!,” Gentry said. “I don’t need visuals, either.
Jewel E. Ann, Holding You|In her room death would come as a friend, a friend with cool gentle hands . . .
Hugo Chavez|There are many museums dedicated to technology, artistic endeavors, music, and that sort of thing. From that perspective, I think games really do have a place as a kind of collaborative art or a synthesis of all these various aspects into a whole, and that, in itself, can be perceived as art.
Bill Dedman|One thing I've learned in my limited experience is you can justify anything intellectually. There are a million reasons to stay with someone, and a million reasons to end something - so you can really only trust your gut.
Kate Forsyth, The Witches of Eileanan|May my heart be kind, my mind fierce, and my spirit brave.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|One thing that creates difference between pilgrims of life as they journey along the various paths of life is the head. It makes some fall, others rest and some pursue to the farther.The reason for the difference is not the size, shape, hair color or the style of the head but what is within the head, what fills the mind, what enters the ears; what the eyes look and see, what the ears hear and listen to; make some champions of life and others wanders of life.
Sarah Lindsay|Small Moth...She's slicing ripe white peachesinto the Tony the Tiger bowland dropping slivers for the dogpoised vibrating by her foot to stop their fallwhen she spots it, camouflaged,a glimmer and then full on-happiness, plashing blunt soft wingsinside her as if it wantsto escape again.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Let each Soulful insight, encourage you to - joyfully partake of Christmas in your own way.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Beast|For ye will know not love, if ye knoweth not your God.
Sandy Blair, A Man In A Kilt|It's a sad thing to see, because as far as I know, this man Gavo had done nothing to deserve being shot in the back of the head at his own funeral. Twice.
Grace Gealey|We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
Euripides, Medea|Not for the first time I find our lives are a shadow, and I am not afraid to say that people who think they have everything figured out and are masters of logic - they are responsible for the greatest folly. No human being is happy. Strike it rich and you are luckier than your neighbor - but happy, never.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|We talk about social service, service to the people, service to humanity, service to others who are far away, helping to bring peace to the world - but often we forget that it is the very people around us that we must live for first of all. If you cannot serve your wife or husband or child or parent - how are you going to serve society? If you cannot make your own child happy, how do you expect to be able to make anyone else happy? If all our friends in the peace movement or of service communities of any kind do not love and help each other, whom can we love and help?
Gautam Gambhir|Leadership can't be fabricated. If it is fabricated and rehearsed, you can't fool the guys in the locker room. So when you talk about leadership, it comes with performance. Leadership comes with consistency.
Sylvia Massara|Unconditional love is the greatest gift of all" ~ The Soul Bearers, by Sylvia Massara
Laura Riding Jackson, The Poems of Laura Riding: A Newly Revised Edition of the 1938/1980 Collection|The Sad Boy Ay, his old mother was a glad one.And his poor old father was a mad one.The two begot this sad one.Alas for the single shoeThe Sad Boy pulled out of the rank green pond,Fishing for fairiesOn the prankish adviceOf two disagreeable lovers of small boys.Pity the unfortunate Sad BoyWith a single magic shoeAnd a pair of feetAnd an extra footWith no shoe for it.This was how the terrible hopping beganThat wore the Sad Boy thin and throughTo his only shoeAnd started the great fright in the provinces above BrentWhere the Sad Boy became half of himselfTo match the beautiful bootHe had dripped from the green pond.Wherever he went weeping and hoppingAnd stamping and sobbing,Pounding a whole earth into a half-heaven,Things split where he stoodInto the left side for the left magic,Into no side for the missing right boot.Mercy be to the Sad BoyScamping exasperatedAfter a wide bootTo double the magicOf a limping foot.Mercy to the melancholy folkOn the Sad Boy's right.It was not for want of wanderingHe lost the left boot tooAnd the knowledge of his left side,But because one awful SundayThis dear boy dislimbedWent back to the old pondTo fish up another shoeAnd was quickly (being too light for his line)Fished in.Gracious how he kicks nowAll the little ripples up!The quiet population of Brent has settled down,And the perfect surface of the famous pondIs slightly pocked, marked with three signs,For visitors come to fish for souvenirs,Where the Sad Boy went inAnd his glad mother and his mad father after him.
Antonia Quirke, Madame Depardieu And The Beautiful Strangers|The Runaway Five's obvious influence is The Blues Brothers. During localization, their black and white suits were made more colorful to avoid legal action from Universal Pictures or the film's producers. When I told my wife Aviva about this, she admitted she had never seen The Blues Brothers film. Having grown up on a steady diet of Saturday Night Live-spawned movies, I told her that her innocence here was blasphemous. That night, we marveled together at James Brown's hair.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Christian life is not a life divided between times for action and times for contemplation. No. Real social action is a way of contemplation, and real contemplation is the core of social action.
George Saunders, Fox 8: A Story|A Blessing on the PoetsPatient earth-digger, impatient fire-maker,Hungry word-taker and roving sound-lover,Sharer and saver, muser and acher,You who are open to hide or uncover,Time-keeper and –hater, wake-sleeper, sleep-waker;May language’s language, the silence that liesUnder each word, move you over and over,Turning you, wondering, back to surprise.
Shirley Jackson, Let Me Tell You: New Stories, Essays, and Other Writings|Where, then, do we find the truth? We find it in the body, in the woods, in the water, in the soil. We find it in music, dance, and sometimes in poetry. We find it in a baby’s face, and in the adult’s face behind the mask. We find it in each other’s eyes, when we look. We find it in an embrace, which is, when we feel into it, being to being, an incredibly intimate act. We find it in laughter and sobs, and we find it in the voice behind the spoken word. We find it in fairy tales and myths, and the tales we tell, even if fictional. Sometimes embroidering a tale enlarges it as a vehicle for the truth. We find it in silence and stillness. We find it in pain and loss. We find it in birth and death.
R.A. Salvatore, Streams of Silver|How many people long for that "past, simpler, and better world," I wonder, without ever recognizing the truth that perhaps it was they who were simpler and better, and not the world about them?
Leo Tolstoy, What Is Art?|The business of art lies just in this, -- to make that understood and felt which, in the form of an argument, might be incomprehensible and inaccessible.
Hermann Hesse, Klingsors letzter Sommer|But in the morning I would always rise and polish the surface of myself, a gleaming, confident young woman, an excellent student and good daughter starting her fourth year at the university, moving smoothly through the world, and even though inside the chaos scraped and railed I would push it into the crevices of the day so it could not be detected.
Amit Chaudhuri, Afternoon Raag|At the base of her ankle is a deep, ugly scar she got when a car ran over her foot when she was six years old. That was in a small town in Bangladesh. Thus, even today, she hesitates superstitiously before crossing the road, and is painfully shy of walking distances. Her fears make her laughable. The scar is printed on her skin like a radiant star.
Barry Eisler, Winner Take All|Those times when someone you thought was your friend talks about you behind your back really hurt. Even if you act like you don't care, deep inside, you care.
Jeffery R. Holland|With time and perspective we recognize that such problems in life do come for a purpose, if only to allow the one who faces such despair to be convinced that he really does need divine strength beyond himself, that she really does need the offer of heaven’s hand. Those who feel no need for mercy usually never seek it and almost never bestow it. Those who have never had a heartache or a weakness or felt lonely or forsaken never have had to cry unto heaven for relief of such personal pain. Surely it is better to find the goodness of God and the grace of Christ, even at the price of despair, than to risk living our lives in a moral or material complacency that has never felt any need for faith or forgiveness, any need for redemption or relief.
Mehmet Murat ildan|With little going for me other than unstoppable eagerness, a sense of total commitment, and a stubborn refusal to give up on what felt like a divinely ordained scheme, I cast myself upon the waters of the world’s oceans.
Pablo Neruda, Still Another Day|We the mortals touch the metals,the wind, the ocean shores, the stones,knowing they will go on, inert or burning,and I was discovering, naming all the these things:it was my destiny to love and say goodbye.
Martijn Benders|What does it mean to be an 'open source' society? What does one mean when one says one has an 'open mind'? Open source means that its a society everybody can work on improving. It has a synergy that allows the best minds to float on top, since there is no entropical hierarchy of mediocrity - once everything stays fluid there is the odd chance for genius elements to actually lead. Such is the case now in Turkey. The protesters are a fluid synergy that have no entropical leadership, and thus the most brilliant PR moves are made by the resistance, who are opposed by the worst sort of mediocrity that is totally at odds with reality. An 'open mind' follows a similar process, but in this case the entropy hides in the hierarchy of ideas that is implanted in the brain: once a person follows mediocre ideas - such as the 'idea' that 'marriage is the meaning of life' or 'having a job is the purpose of existence' etc - then the phenomenon of the 'open mind' becomes already impossible, for there is an internal hierarchy of entropy present that will prevent any sort of original impulse to have the meaning it truly has. Hence, the only way to escape the mediocrity of ones own mind is to allow anything to build and revise it.
Tony Campolo|This is what you have to ask yourself: Do you want to be good, or just seem good? Do you want to be good to yourself and others? Do you care about other people, always, sometimes, never? Or only when convenient? What kind of person do you want to be?
Khalil Gibran|Faith is different from proof; the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God.
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|I have seen many die, surrounded by loved ones, and their last words were ‘I love you.’ There were some who could no longer speak yet with their eyes and soft smile left behind that same healing message. I have been in rooms where those who were dying made it feel like sacred ground. (26)
John Updike, Rabbit at Rest|JACKYou're quite perfect, Miss Fairfax.GWENDOLENOh! I hope I am not that. It would leave no room for developments, and I intend to develop in many directions.
Tony Hale|But I feel truly wowed by the architecture and the meaning of the architecture if you get lost in it and think about the man hours in the smallest little chapel, and the love involved. God it's fantastic.
Silje Akselberg Iversen|True monsters are not those lurking under the bed, but the ones sleeping in it.
Shinmon Aoki|After all, people desire immortality and do not wish to embrace the inescapable reality of death; they long for happiness and shy away from the contemplation of pain; they want to preserve their sense of self, not desconstruction it into fleeting and impersonal components. It is counterintuitive to accept that deathlessness is experienced each moment we are released from the deathlike grip of greed and hatred; that happiness in this world is only possible for those who realized that this world is incapable of providing happiness; that one becomes a fully individuated person only by relinquishing beliefs in an essential self.
Woody Harrelson|I was just a big fan of tattoos always growing up, and I wanted something cool that symbolizes what I've been through in my life, and everything on my chest and my back is like a collage.
Nelson Algren, A Walk on the Wild Side|Even if I die, you keep living okay? Live to see the end of this world, and to see why it was born. Live to see why a weak girl like me ended up here... And the reason you and I met.
Nuno Bettencourt|Life is a moving, breathing thing. We have to be willing to constantly evolve. Perfection is constant transformation.
Hira Shahid Kazim|On the way out, I hug Mum, holding her close. 'Thank you,' I whisper. 'For dinner - and for everything.'Mum smiles and strokes my cheek. 'There's nothing to thank me for.
Mary Simses, The Irresistible Blueberry Bakeshop & Cafe|At the top, I put the camera's viewfinder to my eye and slowly turned, the way my grandmother had taught me. From every vantage point something remarkable filled the screen- clusters of wild red columbine, fallen boulders forming geometric designs against the wall, crusty green lichen gnawing on rocks, a Baltimore oriole popping from a thicket of brush, and, at my feet, a grasshopper clinging to a stem of purple aster. I could spend a day here and barely scratch the surface. The sun felt warm on my shoulders as I bent down to capture the blossoms of yellow star grass, the feathery purple petals of spotted knapweed, and the lacy wings of two yellow jackets as they alighted on tiny white blossoms of Labrador tea. By the time I finished taking photos of a monarch butterfly resting on milkweed, I realized an hour had passed.
Regina Griffin|Ish #153 "Artificial plants grow best in artificial light.
Petra Hermans|Even years from now, once I've stopped drinking, I will never stop trusting extremes. I will always believe that anything worth having is worth having in excess. The good things are worth hoarding until you have a cookie-fat ass, sex-aching loins, joy that fires through you like popping popcorn, or love, the weakness at the sight of some boy who makes your chest ache like indigestion. If it's good for you, it ought to be good for you in any amount, and you should track down every available bit of it. And if it's toxic, if it turns your liver into a hard little rock of scar tissue, or curls your memory at the edges like something burned in a fire, or makes your stomach flop, or your mind ache, or your personality contorted, you shouldn't buy into the bullshit about temperance.
Bill Bryson, A Walk in the Woods|Three hundred types of mussel, a third of the world’s total, live in the Smokies. Smokies mussels have terrific names, like purple wartyback, shiny pigtoe, and monkeyface pearlymussel. Unfortunately, that is where all interest in them ends. Because they are so little regarded, even by naturalists, mussels have vanished at an exceptional rate. Nearly half of all Smokies mussels species are endangered; twelve are thought to be extinct.This ought to be a little surprising in a national park. I mean it’s not as if mussels are flinging themselves under the wheels of passing cars. Still, the Smokies seem to be in the process of losing most of their mussels. The National Park Service actually has something of a tradition of making things extinct. Bryce Canyon National Park is perhaps the most interesting-certainly the most striking-example. It was founded in 1923 and in less than half a century under the Park Service’s stewardship lost seven species of mammal-the white-tailed jackrabbit, prairie dog, pronghorn antelope, flying squirrel, beaver, red fox, and spotted skunk. Quite an achievement when you consider that these animals had survived in Bryce Canyon for tens of millions of years before the Park Service took an interest in them. Altogether, forty-two species of mammal have disappeared from America's national parks this century.
Michael Lee|Death does not come when the body is too exausted to live.Death comes because the brilliance inside of us can only be contained for so long.We do not die.We pass on.Pass on the life burning through our throats.When you leave me, I will not cry for you.I will run into the strongest wind I can find and welcome you home.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|We no longer have any time to waste, entertaining our dark side. It is time we recognize those evil elements of our internal world and start working untiringly on eradicating them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love with all your heart, soul and mind.
O.S. Hickman|Mom says crap like that comes from people who've accomplished so little in life that they feel the need to lift themselves above someone, anyone. So they pick skin color or religion or sexual orientation and say, "Well, I might not be much, but at least I'm not a..." I'd look at those guys, and see the truth of her words.
Pablo Andrés Wunderlich Padilla, Despondency: The Story of a Defeated Man|The unification of worlds is an author's priority, as one of them surely resides forbidden to the public.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus|I wouldn't change anything. I think that it's important to let things happen, and stay 'happened'. I think that's all part of the learning curve, part of fate. I'm just glad that it happened.
Mira Grant, Feed|Hire new field systems maintainer" was near the top of my to-do list, right under "uncover massive political conspiracy," "avenge Buffy's death," and "don't die.
Bill Cosby|If you're feeling blue, lock yourself in a room, stand in front of a mirror, and dance - and laugh at yourself and be sexy. Dance the silliest and ugliest you've ever danced. Make fun of yourself and try to recover your sense of humor.
Victoria Moran|Food is your body's fuel. Without fuel, your body wants to shut down.
Michael Greger|For years, Suzanne Somers has been a pioneer when it comes to alternative medical treatments.
Noel Coward|You just have to find that thing that's special about you that distinguishes you from all the others, and through true talent, hard work, and passion, anything can happen.
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|Fake it may be, lies and deceptions, but this is the world in which we find ourselves, and here we must make our little lives.
T.R. Graves, Warriors of the Cross|With his revelation,...I shattered into a million shards. I felt each piece as it splintered and separated from the whole like a glass I had broken the day before. Debris flew everywhere. It left me without any option but to pick each broken piece up, analyze it, and find out where it belonged. I had to find out where I belonged. Allison La Crosse - Warriors of the Cross
John Mark Green|Things began happening with odd synchronicity, as if the universe itself was conspiring on behalf of their love story.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|I'm not interested in absolute moral judgments. Just think of what it means to be a good man or a bad one. What, after all, is the measure of difference? The good guy may be 65 per cent good and 35 per cent bad—that's a very good guy. The average decent fellow might be 54 per cent good, 46 per cent bad—and the average mean spirit is the reverse. So say I'm 60 per cent bad and 40 per cent good—for that, must I suffer eternal punishment?"Heaven and Hell make no sense if the majority of humans are a complex mixture of good and evil. There's no reason to receive a reward if you're 57/43—why sit around forever in an elevated version of Club Med? That's almost impossible to contemplate.
Ursula K. Le Guin|We don't need to be a pro photographer for making a photo or an experienced author for making quotes, everyone can make photos and quotes.
Olivier J. Blanchard, Social Media ROI: Managing and measuring social media efforts in your organization|However, for the purposes of migrating existing Rails applications to services, the shared database approach may be necessary in the early stages.
Megan Duke, Three Sixty: A Companion to Small Circles|He was drop-dead gorgeous and I, well I was just ... dead." (Tera Hightower, Dead Chick Walking)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You possess a great soul, awaken the spirit.
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands; one for helping yourself and one for helping others
Charlotte Penn Clark, The Partnership|Then just how do you conduct business, Vance? I knew you were hiding something from me. Something told me you were their attorney. You definitely have the look of one. It was just something about the way your pant legs whispered above the shine of your shoes but I didn’t want to believe it,” she recalled from the day of the chaos on the premises of Stone & Nichols. She thought he looked darn good then as well as today.
John F. Baddeley|It may be said without exaggeration that the mountains made the men; and the men in return fought with passionate courage and energy in defence of their beloved mountains, in whose fastnesses, indeed, they were well-nigh unconquerable.
Louisa May Alcott|He was neither rich nor great, young nor handsome, - in no respect what is called fascinating, imposing or brilliant; and yet he was as attractive as a genial fire, and people seemed to gather about him as naturally as about a warm hearth.
Buzz Aldrin|If I had my way, if I was lucky enough, if I could be on the brink my entire life - that great sense of expectation and excitement without the disappointment - that would be the perfect state.
Claire Fontaine|That's a parents' job, isn't it? To raise a child strong enough to leave and break our hearts?
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|There are three points about stories: if told, they like to be heard; if heard, they like to be taken in; and if taken in, they like to be told.
Rebecca Skloot, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks|Ultimately, what really matters is not just the experiences you have at a young age, but whether or not you are equipped-by your parents, by your genetics, by your education-to survive and deal with them.
Adele Devine, Colour Coding for Learners with Autism: A Resource Book for Creating Meaning through Colour at Home and School|Remember, today's challenges are tomorrow's testimonies.
Carl Phillips|How they madeout of shamelessness somethingbeautiful, for as long as they could.
Andy Warhol|Just because people throw it out and don't have any use for it, doesn't mean it's garbage.
Richard Ford|The question ‘Why poetry?’ isn’t asking what makes poetry unique among art forms; poetry may indeed share its origins with other forms of privileged utterance. A somewhat more interesting question would be: “What is the nature of experience, and especially the experience of using language, that calls poetic utterance into existence? What is there about experience that’s unutterable?” You can’t generalize very usefully about poetry; you can’t reduce its nature down to a kernel that underlies all its various incarnations. I guess my internal conversation suggests that if you can’t successfully answer the question of “Why poetry?,” can’t reduce it in the way I think you can’t, then maybe that’s the strongest evidence that poetry’s doing its job; it’s creating an essential need and then satisfying it.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Justice|Today humanity faces a stark choice: save the planet and ditch capitalism, or save capitalism and ditch the planet.
Jenn Windrow, Struck By Eros|Hello to you too, sunshine.”Pulling a book out of my bag, I cracked it open and settled into my time-toignore-Grayson pose. A pose that took me weeks to perfect. “Let’s not pretend weenjoy each other’s company.”“Don’t you get sick of always being…” He waved his hand back and forth inmy direction like a conductor guiding an orchestra. “You?”“What’s that supposed to mean?”“Just that if the stick in your ass got any higher we could hang a flag over yourhead and declare you your own state.
John Berger, Confabulations|Language, as much as land, is a place. To be cut off from it is to be, in a sense, homeless.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.
Truth Devour, Wantin|Soundless echoes - no voice,Sadness doth keep thee at bay,Stagnation rises as ebb & flow,Nothing alters,Unless you choose to break away.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|No doubt he must very soon realize that his own faith is in direct opposition to the assumptions on which all the conversation of his new friends is based. I don't think that matters much provided that you can persuade him to postpone any open acknowledge of the fact, and this, with the aid of shame, pride, modesty and vanity, will be easy to do. As long as the postponement lasts he will be in a false position. He will be silent when he ought to speak and laugh when he ought to be silent.
Ayn Rand, The Night of January 16th|I can say.. that I never said that... we never met and this never happen... How?(Good question, the answer I will leave it for later)
pavankumar nagaraj|Whenever you are depressed ,write your signature on a paper and write and write finally you ll have pain in you hand than your mind.
Mark McKinnon|I design for the use of a building and the place and for the people who use it... the reputation for arrogance comes because when work is offered to me, I look whether I can find a genuine interest in quality.
Germaine Greer|You're only young once, but you can be immature forever
Gavhi Theron|A wise man once said: Forgive and forget its a better choice in life" - Gavhi Theron.P
Claire Legrand, The Cavendish Home for Boys and Girls|But it's hard to leave a place when you're tied to it by fear, when it's broken you with fear, when it's all you've ever known.
Kristin Newman, What I Was Doing While You Were Breeding|I love that I am but one of millions of single girls hitting the road by themselves these days. A hateful little ex-boyfriend once said that a houseful of cats used to be the sign of a terminally single woman, but not it's a house full of souvenirs acquired on foreign adventures. He said it derogatorily: Look at all of this tragic overcompensating in the form of tribal masks and rain sticks. But I say that plane tickets replacing cats might be the best evidence of women's progress as a gender. I'm damn proud of us. Also, since I have both a cat and a lot of foreign souvenirs, I broke up with that dude and went on a really great trip.
Tony Dovale|Limitless Leadership is the secret ingredient that helps common people, create high performance teams, that achieve outstanding and uncommon results.
Amy Hempel, The Collected Stories|The worst of it is over now, and I can't say that I am glad. Lose that sense of loss—you have gone and lost something else. But the body moves toward health. The mind, too, in steps. One step at a time. Ask a mother who has just lost a child, How many children do you have? "Four," she will say, "—three," and years later, "Three," she will say, "—four.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|If you stick with the definition of spirituality as a peaceful internal state (a.k.a. deep, dreamless sleep while awake), then you will ignore some of the hallucinatory experiences that are bound to happen when you sit in silence (studies have shown that, in such circumstances, the mind often creates elaborate experiences and stories that are reminiscent of dreams) and refrain from interpreting them as something otherworldly.
Maya Banks, Hidden Away|The root of anger is the perception that something has been taken. Something is owed you, and now a debt to debtor relationship has been established.
Chris Fabry, Every Waking Moment|Lines and greyness are nature's way of telling you not to fuck with someone - the equivalent of yellow and black lines on a wasp, or the markings on the back of a black widow spider.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Happiness depends on each person. If you think you're happy, then you must be happy.
Celeste Cooper, Broken Body, Wounded Spirit: Balancing the See-Saw of Chronic Pain: Spring Devotions|In the 1991 movie City Slickers, Jack Palance gives Billy Crystal some profoundly simple advice. When Crystal asks him the secret of life, Palance holds up a forefinger, answers with a single word: "One."Choose one thing. Do it to the best of your ability. Let it go. Pick something else. Repeat endlessly.
R. A. Delmonico|The heart is more important than the head when it comes to achieving greatness.For the average task, only the intellect is needed but a great challenge will require heart and soul.
Madchen Amick|Everyone has to do their part, too. No one is disconnected. And everyone has to improve their skills, take care of their own health to the extent they can and contribute their time and talents to the community and country.
Sharon Creech, The Wanderer|You can’t believe how bleeding scary the sea is! There’s, like, whales and storms and shit! They don’t bloody tell you that!
Cyc Jouzy|You've been treading water," she said. "You're marking the years, not living them.
Abraham Lincoln|If this country is ever demoralized, it will come from trying to live without work.
Louis C.K.|When you get down to it, though, explaining what you believe isn't all that easy. If you say that you believe something to be true, you might mean one of two things—that you're still weighing the alternatives, or that you accept it as a fact. I don't logically see how one single word can have contradictory definitions, but emotionally, I completely understand. Because there are times I think what I am doing is right, and there are other times I second-guess myself every step of the way.
Jay Asher, What Light|When we wake, it’s officially Christmas Eve.”	“Good. Because I have something special to give you.”	She turned over her shoulder and cocked an eyebrow. “Thought you just did.”		He chuckled, a deep and throaty sound. “Something else.
Mike Crapo|To me, money is independence. It gives you freedom to do what you really want to do. It allows you to not be dependent on anyone or anything, and so you can be yourself and follow your passion.
Shannon L. Alder|The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn't know about yourself.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|[F]rom now on, the act of creating and circulating evidence of wrongdoing to more than a few people, even if they all work together, will be seen as a delayed but public act.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|If what we want is God’s justice, coming to sort things out, we will do better to get entirely out of the way and let God do his own work, rather than supposing our burst of anger (which will most likely have all sorts of nasty bits to it, such as wounded pride, malice and envy) will somehow help God do what needs to be done.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|There is nothing I like better than conversing with aged men. For I regard them as travelers who have gone a journey which I too may have to go, and of whom I ought to inquire whether the way is smooth and easy or rugged and difficult. Is life harder toward the end, or what report do you give it?
Richard Rhodes, The Making of the Atomic Bomb|Before it is science and career, before it is livelihood, before even it is family or love, freedom is sound sleep and safety to notice the play of morning sun.
Chetan Bhagat, 2 States: The Story of My Marriage|I do not want that our loyalty as Indians should be in the slightest way affected by any competitive loyalty whether that loyalty arises out of our religion, out of our culture or out of our language. I want all people to be Indians first, Indian last and nothing else but Indians.
Machik Labdrön, Making the Old New Again and Again: Legitimation and Innovation in the Tibetan Buddhist Chöd Tradition|Chöd is conventionally and misleadingly seen as analogous to, if not derived from, shamanic initiatory dismemberment visions, as well as dualistic anti-body ascetic practices. Two of the elements most commonly referenced by authors in their "identification" of Chöd and/as shamanism—the dismemberment/sacrifice of the body and "demonology"—are presented in an oversimplistic fashion. In the first instance, the numerous Buddhist precursors for the offering of the body provide ample testimony to the ethical and meritorious status such acts have in the Buddhist imagination. As for the "demonology" of Chöd, one must keep in mind the psychology and philosophy of mind that explicitly undergirds the discourse of Düd [Skt: mārā] in Chöd.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|My heart is eternally yours, but my soul will always be hell bound.
H. Norman Wright|Love Katharine Hepburn. Her selfless love to Spencer, with little or no regard for her own needs, wants or care, bothers me. The book while interesting, was not what i expected, yet, the last chapter was the most disturbing, love knows no bounds, she had unconditional love for Spencer, it is a shame it was not reciprocated. she deserved so much more. but she did it out of love. how can you argue with that? i hope her free spirit is still surrounding all of us.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|Ordinary imperfect people, always choose similarly imperfect people as friends.
George Scott Wilkie|[Science] dissipates errors born of ignorance about our true relations with nature, errors the more damaging in that the social order should rest only on those relations. TRUTH! JUSTICE! Those are the immutable laws. Let us banish the dangerous maxim that it is sometimes useful to depart from them and to deceive or enslave mankind to assure its happiness.
Tony Visconti|Pets, like their owners, tend to expand a little over the Christmas period.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Alan Grant: "There are... far too many words written. Millions and millions of them pouring from the presses every minute. It's a horrible thought." The Midget (his nurse): "You sound constipated.
Lord Byron|I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If you expect me to respect your private beliefs and faith and your rights and dignity as a person, how can you actually expect that from me if you are unwilling to reciprocate and continue to incite hatred and the vilification of mine.
Cacilda Jethá, Sex at Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality|Anthropologist Donald Symons is as amazed as we are at frequent attempts to argue that monogamous gibbons could serve as viable models for human sexuality, writing, "Talk of why (or whether) humans pair bond like gibbons strikes me as belonging to the same realm of discourse as talk of why the sea is boiling hot and whether pigs have wings.
Thomas Hardy, The Complete Poems|How happy he must be, this Hobgoblin," exclaimed Sniff."He isn't a bit," replied Snufkin, "and he won't be until he finds the King's Ruby. It's almost as big as the black panther's head, and to look into it is like looking at leaping flames. The Hobgoblin has looked for the King's Ruby on all the planets including Neptune -- but he hasn't found it. Just now he has gone off to the moon to search in the craters, but he hasn't much hope of success, because in his heart of hearts the Hobgoblin believes that the King's Ruby lies in the sun, where he can never go because it is too hot.
Kelly Steed|The ultimate irony in this vast struggle (available to audience members who want to think about it but easily ignored by those who accept the semi-happy ending ) is the irony in many time loop (or ontological paradox) stories: John Connor has created himself (though he has not gone as far as the character in Robert Heinlein’s “All You Zombies” who is both his own father and mother). Far worse, by saving his mother’s life and ensuring the destruction of the Terminator, John Connor has created Skynet just as surely as Skynet has created John Connor by trying to kill him. Both Connor and Skynet exist in a time loop without outside causality. The Terminator’s surviving arm makes Skynet possible, but it is never invented, only found and back-engineered. Kyle Reese comes across time for Sarah Connor because of a picture and because John Connor asks him to, but neither the picture nor John Connor would exist if Reese had not already gone back in time. The simplest way to save the world is to let the Terminator kill Sarah Connor. Then (in all probability), no one would find a piece of the advanced technology, and Skynet could not be built. But, Cameron’s plot suggests, the “perils to come that would result from our hubris and blind faith in technology” may be inescapable, a time loop, a feedback loop, leading directly if not necessarily inevitably to destruction."Fighting the History Wars on the Big Screen: From the Terminator to Avatar" from The Films of James Cameron
William Gilbert|Confronted with the choice, the American people would choose the policeman's truncheon over the anarchist's bomb.
Dwayne Johnson|I went to Northwestern because I had gone to a really nontraditional high school. I was like, 'It'd be cool to have a traditional college experience.' Then I was like, 'Oh, but none of these people understand what's cool about me. My specialness is not appreciated in this place.'
Ezekiel Mosoatsi|The perfect of yesterday / today, may not last till tomorrow.And for not being perfect yesterday / today, doesn't mean that tomorrow will be the same.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|As much as I enjoy a fight, I cannot always indulge myself, and just now I had more weighty matters to occupy my time than spilling the blood of strange warriors.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|Her presence had awakened in him a man suddenly whipped by his earlier ideals, whose lost manhood wanted to assert itself in action.
Bill Clegg, Did You Ever Have a Family|Some trees love an ax, a drunk old-timer mumbled one night at the Tap, back when she still went there, and something in what he said rang true, but when she later remembered what he'd said, she disagreed and though instead that the tree gets used to the ax, which has nothing to do with love. It settles into being chipped away at, bit by bit, blade by blade, until it doesn't feel anything anymore, and then, because nothing else can happen, what's left crumbles to dust.
Jeffrey R. Holland|Your better life is as close and as easy as making the choice to pick up your Bible each day, open it up, and let God speak to you.
Holly Robinson|Still, I wonder if more women artists, musicians and writers aren't household names because we don't have enough faith in our own pursuits to give ourselves the time we desperately need to be transformed by a creative vision. Maybe that glass ceiling isn't really made of glass at all, but of sticky little fingers, dishes piled in the sink, and mortgages that demand two incomes.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|We define masculinity in very narrow way. Masculinity is hard, small cage, and we put boys inside this cage. We teach boys to be afraid of fear, of weakness, of vulnerability. We teach them to mask their true selves, because they have to be, in Nigerian-speak-- a hard man.
Patti Smith|Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.
Bea Arthur|The key to gallows humor is to make the joke, no matter how certain the gallows is.
Clarence Darrow|The salvation of this human world lies nowhere else than in the human heart, in the human power to reflect, in human meekness and human responsibility.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a nation wants to be deceived, let it be deceived! Through this way, they will learn the truth after many deceptions and pains! Truth and time are the greatest teachers, they are the greatest instructors!
J.R. Rim|At some point, you will hit a plateau. If you keep doing same things you did to get to that point, make a change.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|But what is identity really? What is it to ‘belong’ when we cast ourselves in the mold of a social group? I ask this, in spite of my implicit allegiance to one; yet, it is a worthwhile question. I mean, really, what does it even mean to share a commonality of blood or language or religion or heritage or context or economy or trade—and what value does this sharing of common traits, values and experiences truly have when there exists already a larger model of connection and commonality enveloping these disparate identities whole...? Do we pout at our inadequacies in the face of a “something” that is slightly more heterogeneous in its model of belonging? Sometimes, we simply must let go and chalk up all these movements to an inveterate (and arbitrary) sense of pride.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have job, be grateful.
Deyth Banger|The most beautiful period of time in our life are the ones which we understand that the problems are our own. and we should not blame other cause of our own problems, we need to realize that we are the one who control our own future, let's remember that maybe we will not have always a peaceful life and may not always be able to solve all of our problems that we face at once but we don't have to stop trying to find a solution way for it, we need to be positive and have courage and working hard to get what what we want cause i don't believe in excuses that most of us made but i believe in courage , being positive and hard working. Let's be positive and have courage.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Life is full of challenges, seen and unseen, so to look and feel great, you must hold your head up each day and project your inner confidence.
Slavoj Žižek|Happiness was never important. The problem is that we don't know what we really want. What makes us happy is not to get what we want. But to dream about it. Happiness is for opportunists. So I think that the only life of deep satisfaction is a life of eternal struggle, especially struggle with oneself. If you want to remain happy, just remain stupid. Authentic masters are never happy; happiness is a category of slaves.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|No one is immune to failure. All have tasted the bitterness of defeat and disappointment. A warrior must not dwell on that failure, but must learn from it and continue on.But not all learn from their errors. That is something those who seek to dominate others know very well, and know how to exploit it. If an opponent has failed once at a lococal problem, his enemy will first try the same type of problem, hoping the failure will be repeated.What the manipulator sometimes forgets, and what a warrior must always remember, is that no two sets of circumstances are alike. One challenge is not like the other. The would-be victim may have learned from the earlier mistake.Or there may have been an unanticipated or unknown crossing of life paths.
Lytton Strachey|Naught is there mightier than God;Yet hath He not the might to turnMy Will from willing what it will,My yearning as it needs must yearn?
Robert A. Heinlein, The Moon is a Harsh Mistress|Reading wasn't an attempt to educate myself. It was my chief escape from a world that, although gorgeous in landscape and rich with mountain culture, didn't provide what I needed—the promise of adventure, a life beyond the perimeter of hills. I often fantasized that I'd been adopted and had mysterious powers such as flying or teleportation. Books offered the promise of a world in which misfits like me could flourish. Within the pages of a novel, I was unafraid: of my father, of dogs, snakes, and the bully across the creek; of older boys who drove hot rods close enough to make me jump in the ditch; of armed men parked near the bootlegger.
Ellis Peters, The Rose Rent|Carter and Helene still ask questions. I used to ask questions, and I got the answer: nothing. The answer is “nothing.
Diane Ackerman|its a beautiful thing in my mind, to be involved with oneself, not in vanity, but in wonder, who knew such a small head could be big enough to contain reality itself. we really must give ourselves more credit than we do.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|In the name of the greatest people that have ever trod this earth, I draw the line in the dust and toss the gauntlet before the feet of tyranny, and I say segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever.
Sandra Cisneros|Okay, we didn’t work, and allmemories to tell you the truth aren’t good.But sometimes there were good times.Love was good. I loved your crooked sleepbeside me and never dreamed afraid.There should be stars for great warslike ours.
Garth Stein, How Evan Broke His Head and Other Secrets|And it is clear to Evan, now: the difference between what is and what has been done; the present and the past. He sees that what he does and who he is isn't based on the past unless he wants it to be... No. That is the past, which has been seen differently through many different eyes and has become hazy and unclear, like a pond when stirred with a stick. Only the present moment is clear and free from prejudice.
Stephen Dunn|I've triedto become someone else for a while,only to discover that he, too, was me.
Aaron Mark Reimer, The Art of Being Broken|Holiness isn’t a list of things to do or not do, though—it’s a state of being. Holiness is what happens when the broken pieces of our hearts, the brokenness of our lives and the things we do to try to salve that brokenness, are continually turned over to God and left on the altar. The big Christianese word is sanctification. Sanctification is the hope of humanity. It’s the golden ice-cream for the meal of grace.
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|reining yourself in because why ruin a good thing? why make it weird? and then you say goodbye, with a hug, with a snarky remark, and head home. you climb into bed and imagine them with you. you think about how their hair falls in their face, about how they breathe when they sleep. you think about them waking up and nudging you into consciousness with soft kisses down your torso. you sit in bed and think of all the ways you could make their soul dance. how you know their quirks and it all feels so right, but why? why is this happening? why can’t you just be content with what you have now? except even now you have to control the urge to kiss them, even though it is in your nature, even just on the cheek, because what if it breaks the relationship apart at the seams? you may not even mean it sexually or romantically, but what if? and there’s always the chance they have felt this way too. but it’s only a chance. and why risk it? so you lay there in bed and twist the sheets around your legs and text them back about another person they have feelings toward and coax them into something healthy. you put their happiness before your own. you watch as they stumble and help them rise mightily. you gush over them and try to snuff out the selfishness that builds whenever you see them with someone else. it wouldn’t be fair to them to impose your own wants on them and take away a good friendship. it isn’t always about you. and yet here you are, writing this. writing this and thinking of someone specific the entire time.
Yusuf A. Leinge|The strange fact that out of millions of people in the world, your mother and father met and decided to get married to each other. And out of the millions of sperm, that the one with your genes was the one that made it to the egg and fertilised the egg. I'll never forget it.
litymunshi|dear me i think i can run miles after miles through my mind by imaginary flyover ,gather all together to write down on my notebook.
J.D. Robb, Delusion in Death|I want to keep you, till the end of days.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|Individuality is different than isolation. Isolation is trying to do everything on your own, living life by yourself. Isolation happens when you choose not to be involved in any communities, making sure you keep a safe distance from people in your life. I’m not recommending isolation. Science, psychology, and religion all suggest long term isolation is dangerous and unhealthy.
Pádraic Pearse|I begin to long for some little language such as lovers use, broken words, inarticulate words, like the shuffling of feet on pavement.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Australians are descended from a boatload of English convicts, right? So two hundred years in isolation at the bottom of the planet is plenty of time for the language to evolve into some sort of double-speak prison slang.
Ryan Lilly, Write like no one is reading|When I started this book last year, I had a small reception in mind. A few copies in my hand to share with close friends, maybe a small gathering... I never imagined that my book would have its own ISBN number and be available to the public. I never imagined seeing my name next to the words, "published author." I feel so thankful that this has worked out so well for me. God is good!
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|If there must be madness, something may be said for having it on a heroic scale
Debasish Mridha|The moment the light of your being becomes bright, darkness will melt away to reveal the brightness of your consciousness.
Lev Grossman|I've never had body issues, I've never had an eating disorder. I've never had to go on a diet and that's because of Weight Watchers.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray and Other Stories|Because to influence a person is to give him one's own soul. He does not think his natural thoughts, or burn with his natural passions. His virtues are not real to him. His sins, if there are such things as sins, are borrowed. He becomes an echo of some one else's music, an actor of a part that has not been written for him. The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly -- that is what each of us is here for. People are afraid of themselves, nowadays. They have forgotten the highest of all duties, the duty that one owes to oneself. Of course they are charitable. They feed the hungry, and clothe the beggar. But their own souls starve, and are naked. Courage has gone out of our race. Perhaps we never really had it. The terror of society, which is the basis of morals, the terror of God, which is the secret of religion -- these are the two things that govern us.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Some people would say it's a bad idea to bring a fire-spider into a public library. Those people would probably be right, but it was better than leaving him alone in the house for nine hours straight. The one time I tried, Smudge had expressed his displeasure by burning through the screen that covered his tank, burrowing into my laundry basket, and setting two weeks' worth of clothes ablaze.
Suguro Chayamachi, Togainu No Chi Volume 1|Keisuke: "It's alright for you to kill someone?"Akira: "As long as they have tags. According to the rules, if there's three people present, it's an official battle. I'm not sure how you're supposed to start it, though."Keisuke: "So killing people is just a game, huh?"Akira: "It's the only way to survive.
Becky Wade, A Love Like Ours|He wanted desperately to stay, just a little while longer. But he couldn't be here, in this place, with her. It was calm here. She was innocent and beautiful and perfect. He was not. He didn't want his mess or his mental illness or his past anywhere near her. He wanted to protect her from a lot of things, but most of all from himself.
Bill Hicks|Medical research in the twentieth century mostly takes place in the lab; in the Renaissance, though, researchers went first and foremost to the library to see what the ancients had said.
C. JoyBell C.|Anger is like flowing water; there's nothing wrong with it as long as you let it flow. Hate is like stagnant water; anger that you denied yourself the freedom to feel, the freedom to flow; water that you gathered in one place and left to forget. Stagnant water becomes dirty, stinky, disease-ridden, poisonous, deadly; that is your hate. On flowing water travels little paper boats; paper boats of forgiveness. Allow yourself to feel anger, allow your waters to flow, along with all the paper boats of forgiveness. Be human.
Y.A. Marks, Class Zero|There were things she wanted to say, but they were all jumbled up in her head and if she tried they’d come out backwards and mixed up and wrong. There were things she needed to say, but she was hanging on by a fraying thread and feared if she tried the thread would break, sending her plummeting alone into the abysm.There were things she would have to say, but they should wait for later. After.
Walter de la Mare, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|To be perfectly honest, I enjoy thinking dangerously
David L. Conroy, Out of the Nightmare: Recovery from Depression and Suicidal Pain|Despair, grief, and depression are not things that people can simply stop, any more than someone can will an end to a toothache or the pain of withdrawal. Acutely suicidal people have lost all sense of having power over their pain. To tell them to magically acquire will power is like asking a crippled person to race against a champion. It does not help them do the thing in question; it just makes them feel worse.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|There certainly are some women who treat their male partners badly, berating them, calling them names, attempting to control them. The negative impact on these men’s lives can be considerable. But do we see men whose self-esteem is gradually destroyed through this process? Do we see men whose progress in school or in their careers grinds to a halt because of the constant criticism and undermining? Where are the men whose partners are forcing them to have unwanted sex? Where are the men who are fleeing to shelters in fear for their lives? How about the ones who try to get to a phone to call for help, but the women block their way or cut the line? The reason we don’t generally see these men is simple: They’re rare. I don’t question how embarrassing it would be for a man to come forward and admit that a woman is abusing him. But don’t underestimate how humiliated a woman feels when she reveals abuse; women crave dignity just as much as men do. If shame stopped people from coming forward, no one would tell.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Black is a blind remembering, she thought. You listen for pack sounds, for the cries of those who hunted your ancestors in a past so ancient only your most primitive cells remember. The ears see. The nostrils see.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|She flapped her hands, anxious energy coursing through her. “How can you be so calm?” He got to his feet, unfolding with an easy grace. He held out a hand, his dark eyes focused solemnly on hers. “Come with me.” “For what?” “That’s part of the lesson.” Was it her imagination, or did a twinkle of humor stir in those eyes? “Center yourself, and grab onto the here and now.” That made no sense—what was he now, Sir Medieval Zen Master? But she slipped her hand into his strong, calloused one. He hauled her up until she bumped into his chest. With a finger under her chin, he tilted her face until she looked in his eyes. “Listen to the world around you. Hear the birds? Hear the small animals scurrying? You are in this moment, this moment only, and sometimes that’s all you can do, all you can be.” His finger pulled away, brushing against her skin, and he tapped her nose, stepping away.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If they say you will fall, rise. If they say you will fail, succeed. If they say you will break, kept it together. If they say you will deteriorate, flourish.
Leonard Woolf, Downhill All The Way: An Autobiography of the Years 1919 To 1939|Suddenly I heard Virginia’s voice calling to me from the sitting room window: “Hitler is making a speech.” I shouted back, “I shan’t come. I’m planting iris and they will be flowering long after he is dead.
Chigozie Obioma|think young writers should get other degrees first, social sciences, arts degrees or even business degrees. What you learn is research skills, a necessity because a lot of writing is about trying to find information.
Rachel Van Dyken|Not that it was a crazy complicated skill, but operating an espresso machine during high traffic could be added to my repertoire along with card tricks and how to fire a Colt .45.(Quote taken from ARC, subject to change)
|If you truly want to speak the language that most people would understand, then you must speak boldly with your actions.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|Quentin was thin and tall, though he habitually hunched his shoulders in a vain attempt to brace himself against whatever blow was coming from the heavens, and which would logically hit the tall people first.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|...eyes that, like those of children, look at an eternal present without forgiveness.
Albert Camus, Notebooks, 1935-1951|What gives value to travel is fear. It is the fact that, at a certain moment, when we are so far from our own country … we are seized by a vague fear, and an instinctive desire to go back to the protection of old habits … this is why we should not say that we travel for pleasure. There is no pleasure in traveling, and I look upon it more as an occasion for spiritual testing … Pleasure takes us away from ourselves in the same way as distraction, in Pascal’s use of the word, takes us away from God. Travel, which is like a greater and a graver science, brings us back to ourselves.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|I have tried to be very rational, although I know love and hate are not rational and explained feelings.
Hamed Abdel-Samad, Der islamische Faschismus: Eine Analyse|Given the religious nature of the Middle Eastern culture, how might a Middle Eastern democracy [be] structured? Will there be three or four branches of government? Should a religious branch be added to the executive, legislative and judicial branches to ensure that Islamic beliefs and law are followed? A simple answer might be yes, but that is probably not the best means. Ideally, the legislative, executive and judicial bodies should all take Islamic beliefs into consideration when carrying out their duties. As such, there should be no need for a separate religious branch. However, to codify the major tenets of the Islamic faith, they should be represented in the constitution or similar document. This does not mean a theocracy will be established, rather it means that a democracy will be established built upon Islamic beliefs.
Justin Rosenstein|There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
Timothy Strother|[Mayor Dana] I don't know a lot of things. I do know there will always be problems for Night Vale. There are so many. Usually they pass. Often they kill many people, but what are people but deaths that haven't happened yet? [Jackie] Births that already happened?
Samuel Beckett, Molloy, Malone Dies, The Unnamable|Unfathomable mind: now beacon, now sea.
Jonathan Culver|I write because writing is power. Writing is creation. When you write, you are as a god, a deity wielding his pen like some Harry Potter staff, making whatever you want to happen, happen. By sheer force of will and some clever word placement, I can arrange all of these little symbols together to invoke emotions and ideas at a whim out of whosoever allows me to cast my spell. It does not take a man and a woman to create. It just takes a writer.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|At times, maintaining a positive attitude and outlook takes great risk, courage, toughness, and flexibility. It is not easy to stay positive in a cynical and negative world.
Jessica Valenti, Full Frontal Feminism|Value yourself for what the media doesn't - your intelligence, your street smarts, your ability to play a kick-ass game of pool, whatever. So long as it's not just valuing yourself for your ability to look hot in a bikini and be available to men, it's an improvement.
Chandrakant Kaluram Mhatre|Walking in shoes bigger than your feet, will inspire gravity to pull you down." Let's be grateful for what fits us...for what we have.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|I want to do 'Company of Heroes 2,' if they do it. It depends on how the movie performs, but they hope it will perform well. They have a franchise on their mind, and if it's a franchise, man, I'm going to be a very happy person.
Toni Sorenson|If you have a painting in you, paint. If you have a song to sing, sing. Don’t judge your creation. Just create it. Banish doubt and fear and step out of your own way if you have to. Write if you’re a writer and invent if you’re an inventor. Do what you were born to do. Only then will you know a remarkable life.
John Coleman|Our nation has abundant clean energy resources, and tapping them will generate jobs, make the air safer to breathe, and tackle climate change - the greatest environmental crisis of our time.
Drake Bell|After 'Prom Night' I did two movies where I was playing a prostitute. I gravitate towards characters that have some sort of inner turmoil or some sort of character arc. That's the great thing about acting, so many different things and being really diverse in your choices.
Anthony T. Hincks|I have looked at the sun. It is so shinny, so hot. Attracted me but made me blind. Burned me. I went to the shadow. Under a tree. I could see clearly. I cooled down.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality|To know how to put what knowledge in which place is wisdom (hikmah). Otherwise, knowledge without order and seeking it without discipline does lead to confusion and hence to injustice to one's self.
Dan Pallotta|You used to be able to just call people. You didn't have to be on someone's calendar to have a phone conversation. The telephone was an important and valuable domain of communication, both for casual, friendly chats and for professional exchanges of ideas and information. But no more.
Margaret J. Wheatley|I think the American Dream says that anything can happen if you work hard enough at it and are persistent, and have some ability. The sky is the limit to what you can build, and what can happen to you and your family.
Solange Knowles|My idea of good company is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.
Jessica Shahriari Nicely, Baba's Daughter: Memoirs of a Persian-American Girl|And isn't that what we all are—a compilation of all of our life experiences, of little pieces of all the people who have shaped our days; all of us just fighting to make sure the best parts of us win out every day?
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|I'm going out to find her, to make things right, or atleast properly wrong.
Henry David Thoreau|The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
Tapan Ghosh|The earlier you invest in health, the more dividends it pays later.
Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North|Why at the beginning of things is there always light? Dorrigo Evans' earliest memories were of sun flooding a church hall in which he sat with his mother and grandmother. A wooden church hall. Blinding light and him toddling back and forth, in and out of its transcendent welcome, into the arms of women. Women who loved him. Like entering the sea and returning to the beach. Over and over.
Stephen King|I never think of stories as made things; I think of them as found things. As if you pull them out of the ground, and you just pick them up. Someone once told me that that was me low-balling my own creativity. That might or might not be the case. But still, on the story I am working on now, I do have some unresolved problem. It doesn’t keep me awake at nights. I feel like when it comes down, it will be there...
Kay Hagan|Before marriage, a man declares that he would lay down his life to serve you; after marriage, he won't even lay down his newspaper to talk to you.
Deborah Brodie|Eventually it will become quiet enough so that you can simply watch the heart begin to react, and let go before the mind starts. At some point in the journey it all becomes heart, not mind. ... The mind doesn’t even get achance to start up because you let go atthe heart level.
J.P. Barnaby, Spencer|You know what, Abigail? You’re right—it is selfish. But there’s nothing inherently immature about making a selfish choice. It is hard to put what you know is right for you first, when you know people you love don’t respect your choices. It is hard to say ‘what I want is worthy.’ It is hard to say ‘I know myself and what I need, even if everyone else thinks otherwise.’ Don’t tell me this is immature when it took me months of thinking about it every damn day to make this choice.
Tom Shippey, The Road to Middle-Earth: How J.R.R. Tolkien Created A New Mythology|You need to give money when someone gives you a knife. So the bad luck won't cut you. I wouldn't like it for you to be cut by the bad luck, Jimmy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is like lightening; it can strike anyone, anywhere, and at any time.
Bailey Bristol, The Devil's Dime|Those who prosper by thievery, thuggery, or by ruining another, have chosen to live on the devil's dime.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|By the time the Truth comes, you'd have been a sure-shot rascal, a long-gone bastard, a life-long sinner, but an ever-humble winner.
Alexandre Dumas|The only souls that have knowledge of love, is of those who fall in love.
Lynn Viehl|She was halfway through the second yard when she heard Cyprien fall and curse.No man in the world will turn down a blow job, Alex thought as she dodged through yards and around the houses, putting as much distance between them as she could. And no man, not even Cyprien, could chase a girl with his pans down.
Ross Macdonald|Try listening to yourself sometime, alone in a transient room in a strange town. The worst is when you draw a blank, and the ash-blonde ghosts of the past carry on long twittering long-distance calls with your inner ear, and there's no way to hang up.
D. Morgenstern|If your blade were as sharp as your tongue, you'd have sliced me through years ago.
Katherine Rundell, The Wolf Wilder|I could feel the bite of the autumn air, warning us all of the harsh winter that was on its way.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You are likely to vomit your dreams if you take too much at a time. Take it one after the other and don't over-eat the dreams you have! Dream big, but start small!
Bernard Sumner|The family is very important. They make me feel good always because if I won, when I started to be famous, the relationship never changed with my friends and family.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|The ordinary procedure of the nineteenth century is that when a powerful and noble personage encounters a man of feeling, he kills, exiles, imprisons or so humiliates him that the other, like a fool, dies of grief.
Matshona Dhliwayo|We wish to be great but we tend to forget that it can be someone we helped attain greatness that God will use to take us to that place of authority and influence. If it doesn't pay today, surely it'll pay soon.
Joelle Charbonneau, Need|What we need, we have.
Louis de Bernières, Red Dog|There is only one thing worse than losing the one you love, and that is losing them without knowing why. If you are a dog, then your master is like a god to you, and the pain of losing him is greater still.
Daniel C. Dennett, Consciousness Explained|The old exhortations to nationalist fervor and jingoist pride have begun to lose their appeal. Perhaps because of rising standards of living, children are being treated better worldwide. In only a few decades, sweeping global changes have begun to move in precisely the directions needed for human survival. A new consciousness is developing which recognizes that we are one species.
Elizabeth Gilbert|The power of gradually losing all feeling of strangeness or astonishment, and finally being pleased at anything, is called the historical sense or historical culture.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When you favour a woman, she will want to return the favour in so many means, but its better to rupidiate such offerings.
Keri Arthur|Cannot admit that darkness exists because humanity itself exists, and that to erase one, you erase the other.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|The bridge of grace will bear your weight, brother. Thousands of big sinners have gone across that bridge, yea, tens of thousands have gone over it. Some have been the chief of sinners and some have come at the very last of their days but the arch has never yielded beneath their weight. I will go with them trusting to the same support. It will bear me over as it has for them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|To successfully tell the story, we had to be willing to let people see us as we really were; with all our weaknesses, fears, and imperfections. There are important lessons we learned from the experience that we would not have adequately relayed to the reader if we had been less bold.” ~ Duane
Aaron Neville|You have a feeling when you're recording, like, 'This is gonna translate really well,' and when you see it live, and it kind of proves that, that's an amazing feeling.
Dani Harper, Storm Warrior|Aye, well, it’s like a battle. Ya lay yer plans, then when they go wrong, ya make things up as ya go.
Richard Bach|What matters most:"What he had yearned to embrace was not the flesh but a downy spirit, a spark, the impalpable angel that inhabits the flesh."Wind, Sand and Stars.
Rushabh Patel|Sky is the limit for a person's character, even when it's falling.
Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones|In emerald tufts, flowers purple, blue and white;Like sapphire, pearl, and rich embroidery,Buckled below fair knighthood's bending knee;Fairies use flower for their charactery.
Steven Erikson, The Crippled God|The trust I have...for some people...comes down to how well I know them, and then it's a matter of my trusting them to do what I think they're going to do.
Augustine of Hippo, Homilies on the First Epistle of John|Once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: Love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good.
Legs McNeil, Please Kill Me: The Uncensored Oral History of Punk|The only thing that made the music different was that we were taking lyrics to places they had never been before. The thing that makes art interesting is when an artist has incredible pain or incredible rage. The New York bands were much more into their pain, while the English bands were much more into their rage. The Sex Pistols' songs were written out of anger, wheras Johnny was writing songs because he was brokenhearted over Sable...
Oliver Sacks, The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat and Other Clinical Tales|Very young children love and demand stories, and can understand complex matters presented as stories, when their powers of comprehending general concepts, paradigms, are almost nonexistent.
Annemarie Schwarzenbach, All the Roads Are Open: The Afghan Journey|On a journey the face of reality changes with the mountains and rivers, with the architecture of the buildings, the layout of the gardens, with the language, the skin colour. And yesterday’s reality burns on in the pain of parting; the day before yesterday’s is a finished episode, never to return; what happened a month ago is a dream, a past life. And at last you realize that the course of a life contains nothing but a limited number of such ‘episodes’, that a thousand and one accidents determine where we can build our house at last – but the peace of our poor minds is a precious good freedom that you should not chase, not haggle over, nor should you bargain for it with the dictators who can set fire to our houses, trample our fields and spread cholera overnight.Appalling uncertainty…? Appalling only when we fail to look it in the eyes. But the journey that many may take for an airy dream, an enticing game, liberation from daily routine, freedom as such, is in reality merciless, a school that accustoms us to the inevitable course of events, to encounters and losses, blow upon blow.
Edith Hamilton|It has always seemed strange to me that in our endless discussions about education so little stress is laid on the pleasure of becoming an educated person, the enormous interest it adds to life. To be able to be caught up into the world of thought—that is to be educ
Robin LaFevers, Dark Triumph|A short while later, as I stare down at the bodies of the six men I have just killed, I cannot help but wonder: Do I love killing? Of a certainty, I love the way my body and weapons move as one; I revel in the knowledge of where to strike for maximum impact. And of a certainty, I am good at it.
Dariush Youkhaneh, Serving the living God|There are people out there waiting for you. Indeed, you are the only one who can bring joy in the heart of people. Yes, sometimes only with one smile.
Steven Sinofsky|You have to stay true to yourself and where you're coming from, and sometimes people see you in a different light, but you have to take it in and try to be positive about anything.
T.S. Eliot, The Rock|Communion, by necessity, always leads us into community.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|It rains on everyone. It may be storming but there is a covering.Life may be challenging, but there is a covering.It may seem impossible, hopeless, doubtful, fear-ridden, and pain-laden, but there is a covering. There are other umbrellas, but only one is red with the blood of Jesus. We need to love Jesus more than the noise.
John Portman|As a woman, I'm expected to want everything to be nice and to be nice myself. A very English thing. I don't design nice buildings - I don't like them. I like architecture to have some raw, vital, earthy quality.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|The driver got out smiling. He looked about seventeen or eighteen, and for a second, I had the uneasy feeling it was Luke, my old enemy. This guy had the same sandy hair and outdoorsy good looks. But it wasn't Luke. His smile was brighter and more playful. (Luke didn't do much more than scowl and sneer these days.) The Maserati driver wore jeans and loafers and a sleeveless T-shirt."Wow" Thalia muttered. Apollo Is hot.""He's the sun god," I said."That's not what I meant.
Dada Bhagwan|The ‘one’ who does no ‘egoism’, the worldly life ends for him!
Robert Greene|Forget the buildings and the monuments. Let the softness of dark come in, all those light-years between stars and planets. Cities were the works of men but the earth before and after those cities, outside and beneath and around them, was the dream of a sleeping leviathan--it was god sleeping there and dreaming, the same god that was time and transfiguration. From whatever dreamed the dream at the source, atom or energy, flowed all the miracles of evolution--tiger, tiger burning bright, the massive whales in the deep, luminescent specters in their mystery. The pearls that were their eyes, their tongues that were wet leaves, their bodies that were the bodies of the fantastic. Spectacular bestiaries of heaven, the limbs and tails of the gentle and the fearsome, silent or raging at will . . . they could never be known in every detail and they never should be.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend|There seemed no answer. He wasn't resigned to anything, he hadn't accepted or adjusted to the life he'd been forced into. Yet here he was, eight months after the plague's last victim, nine since he's spoken to another human being, ten since Virginia had died. Here he was with no future and a virtually hopeless present. Still plodding on.Instinct? Or was he just stupid? Too unimaginative to destroy himself? Why hadn't he done it in the beginning when he was in the very depths? What had impelled him to enclose the house, install a freezer, a generator, an electric stove, a water tank, build a hothouse, a workbench, burn down the houses on each side of his, collect records and books and mountains of canned supplies, even - it was fantastic when you thought about it - even put a fancy mural on the wall?Was the life force something more than words, a tangible, mind-controlling potency? Was nature somehow, in him, maintaining its spark against its own encroachments?He closed his eyes. Why think, why reason? There was no answer. His continuance was an accident and an attendant bovinity. He was just too dumb to end it all, and that was about the size of it.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|The greatest self is a peaceful smile, that always sees the world smiling back.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|I just want to sleep. A coma would be nice. Or amnesia. Anything, just to get rid of this, these thoughts, whispers in my mind. Did he rape my head, too?
Charles R. Swindoll|The devil, darkness, and death may swagger and boast, the pangs of life will sting for a while longer, but don't worry; the forces of evil are breathing their last. Not to worry...He's risen!
Alan Paton, Cry, the Beloved Country|Since then many years have passed, and in those years I have often thought how strange are the ways of Fate. Set on one's waylay a single ill-considered spontaneous remark, one is led into a course of action that cannot be stopped whether one wants to or not. At the moment of departure we do not even dream of where our voyage will take us. Even when we have started we deluded ourselves for an unconscionable time that in a short while it will soon be over, and we shall be free again to do as we please. Sometimes, in forests, one meets two such paths that, although divided perhaps by a stream or ditch, seem at first sight to run parallel to one another. One imagines that whichever one chooses will lead us to the same place. However, slowly the paths diverge...and never meet again.
Victoria Clayton, Clouds among the Stars|You don't buy poetry. (Neither do I.)Why?You cannot afford it? Bosh! You spendEditions de luxe on a thirsty friend.You can buy any one of the poetry bunchFor the price you pay for a business lunch. Don't you suppose that a hungry head,Like an empty stomach, ought to be fed?Looking into myself, I find this true, So I hardly can figure it false in you.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|Communication creates collaboration. Big ears are better than big egos. When you’re not listening, ask good questions.
Imania Margria|Leave mystery in your life. Give them a little and keep them wondering. If you reveal everything about yourself, people will lose interest. For as humans, we are curious creatures. We are more interested in the things lurking in the shadows than the things that are brought into the light.
Terry O'Quinn|I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from.
Walter Kirn|As the wall between advertising and content erodes, the aptitude required to understand the functions and design of media content becomes more complex.
Martin Rees|My pals, such as they are, in Hollywood, ask me why I love to travel to D.C. so much, why it's a vacation destination for me. I say, 'Because I sometimes have perfect days there.'
Karen Armstrong, The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness|The constant reprimands made me hyperconscious of my own performance, and so instead of getting rid of self, I had become embedded in the egoism I was supposed to transcend. Now I was beginning to understand that a silence that is not clamorous with vexation and worried self-regard can become part of the texture of your mind, can seep into you, moment by moment, and gradually change you.
T.L. Swan, Stanton Series Box Set: Stanton Series|And to my soul mate, who has been with me all along, but is absent from my side.
Katherine Rundell, Rooftoppers|The most beautiful thing about the world is how much is unknown to us. There are so many secrets, Hawthorn. So much awaiting discovery. We are merely dust motes in the vastness of the universe.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Everyone you trust, everyone you think can count on, will eventually disappoint you. When left to their own devices, people lie and keep secrets and change and disappear…
Ehsan Sehgal|I listen to my heart and mind when I plan the things, but I cannot support those, who do not listen to their heart and
R.v.m.|Why destroy this Morn, by a Past that is dead & Gone and a Future not yet Born! - RVM.
Lionel Suggs|If you know something is an illusion, why pretend it is reality?
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|Harriet, to hide her excitement, had turned to the bookshelves in the corner between the windows and the fireplace. The books, untidily arranged, some standing, some piled on their sides, with newspapers and magazines wedged among them, confused her. There were no sets and a great many were paper-backed. She saw friends - Mr. Dickens was present — and nodding acquaintances - Laurence Sterne, for instance, and Theodore Dreiser — but they were among strangers: Henry Miller, Norman Douglas, Saki, Ronald Firbank, strangers all.
Md. Ziaul Haque|Science can't prove everything! Say, a scientist saw a fish splashing in the pond. On the next day he shared it with someone. But, the listener wanted proof. How would the scientist prove that he was speaking the truth?
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|But I also know that in order to continue to grow and challenge myself, I have to believe in my own abilities. I still face situations that I fear are beyond my capabilities. I still have days when I feel like a fraud. And I still sometimes find myself spoken over and discounted while men sitting next to me are not. But now I know how to take a deep breath and keep my hand up. I have learned to sit at the table.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|I know a great number of things, though never all at once or for very long.
Louise Fresco|I am very, very strict with my workout regimen; not so much with my food, because I'm always working out, so I can allow myself to be a bit more naughty!
Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death|She could not admit but that he had remarkable qualities, sometimes she thought that there was even in him a strange and unattractive greatness; it was curious then that she could not love him, but loved still a man whose worthlessness was now so clear to her.
Diana Gabaldon, The Fiery Cross|You're beautiful to me, Jamie,” I said softly, at last. “So beautiful, you break my heart.
Leslie Ludy, When God Writes Your Life Story: Experience the Ultimate Adventure|When we come face-to-face with the tender, forgiving eye of our Redeemer, only then will we gain the power to forgive ourselves - and those who have used us. In light of the forgiveness Christ has offered us, how can we offer less to those who have hurt us?
Chelan Simmons|Don't get me wrong, I think bikes are terrific. I own several of my own, including a trendy mountain style, and ride them for pleasure and light exercise.
Philippe Cousteau, Jr.|The first education to be a good chemist is to do well in high school science courses. Then, you go to college to really become a chemist. You want to take science and math. Those are the main things.
Bill Plotkin, Nature and the Human Soul: Cultivating Wholeness and Community in a Fragmented World|Nature, too, supports our personal blossoming (if we have any quiet exposure to her) through her spontaneities, through her beauty, power, and mirroring, through her dazzling variety of species and habitats, and by way of the wind, Moon, Sun, stars, and galaxies.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You cannot be truly humble, unless you truly believe that life can and will go on without you.
John Mackey|I would travel only by horse, if I had the choice.
Tahar Ben Jelloun|I think in a way, you're doomed, once you can envision something. You're sort of doomed to make it happen. I've found that the moment I can envision leaving a relationship, that's usually the moment that the relationship starts to fall apart.
Grace Willows, Don't Look Back: And Other Stories of the Paranormal|It waited for her. Standing resolute in the moonlight, it had stood for a hundred years. Yet it waited just for her. Shadows passed across the moon, a cool breeze ruffled the leaves around it. Yet still it waited for her. Ancient tombs glowed in shimmery moonlight,row upon row of cold silent witnesses.
Tom Robbins|All of a sudden we were out of the lot and on the highway next to the mountains, flying. I put my hand out the window, and then I put my head out. I felt my hair blow behind me and the air rush into me, and I forgot for a moment to worry about how I was supposed to be. Because I was perfect right then. Everything was. And Sky was a perfect driver. Not scary. Just steady. And fast. I wanted the music to last forever.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|For more than forty years, Judith Martin has inspired the world with advice on etiquette excellence, proper behavior, and codes of conduct through her critically acclaimed newspaper column, “Miss Manners.” In an interview for her book, Miss Manners Minds Your Business, Mrs. Martin reminds us that “When you go to work, you want a degree of professionalism which does not involve hearing about all of the sordid details of a person’s love life. We are not necessarily all friends, but have a job that needs to be done. A work friend is not always a social friend. One requires distance while the other embraces intimacy.
Mary E. DeMuth, Wall Around Your Heart|When you've been hurt by someone you love like he has, why would you ever seek love out? Why would you risk being hurt again?
Khalil Gibran|In the stillness of your presence, you can feel your own formless and timeless reality as the unmanifested life that animates your physical form. You can then feel the same life deep within every other human and every other creature. You look beyond the veil of form and separation. This is the realization of oneness. This is love.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|You have to take what you can get out of the music. It's different for everyone, but you have to pay attention and appreciate each piece in order for it to speak to you.
Gayle Callen, Redemption of the Duke|Hetty shivered. Goodness, he had no business looking at her like that. Physician my eye! Physicians definitely didn't look like him; they were short, round and adorned with wigs and spectacles.
Jean Donaldson, The Culture Clash|Okay," I said. "Now can I try riding a broomstick?" "No. Most witches don't use broomsticks because they aren't that comfortable. The only reason witches use broomsticks is because they are lightweight and easy to get off the ground." "Okay, so what can I fly?""At the moment, nothing," responded Trillman. "When you are ready, you can fly whatever you find comfortable and can get off the ground, as long as it isn't me.""So when do I get to fly my convertible?""Convertible?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Yeah you can have a word," said Harry savagely. "Good-bye.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Some people are like branches. They sway away even with a gentle breeze. Others, the ones like roots, can only be shaken if there is a hurricane.Stay with latter - they keep the relationship stable. And, do remember not to stir the hurricane by lies or deceit. #Stability
Eric Schneiderman|I'm active in PAX, which is a gun awareness organization. We treat gun safety as a public health issue.
Damien Angelica Walters, Ink|I'm sixteen with what I hope will be a long life ahead, but I'm willing to give it up, to give anything to let her live, to let her make it through the night.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|She did not believe he could have really gone, because for her, to leave the person you loved was impossible.
Sarah Shun-lien Bynum, Ms. Hempel Chronicles|If you wanted to kidnap someone, what would you use?" she asked Amit. They were lying in bed, with the lights off. To knock them unconscious. So that you could drag them into the back of your van."Chloroform, I guess."Really?" She brightened. It made her happy that the person she was marrying would commit crimes in the same way as she would.
Max Planck, Where is Science Going?|Science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature. And that is because, in the last analysis, we ourselves are a part of the mystery that we are trying to solve.
Robert Thurman, Love Your Enemies: How to Break the Anger Habit and Be Much Happier|O happiness! O happiness! Wilt thou perhaps sing, O my soul? Thou liest in the grass. But this is the secret, solemn hour, when no shepherd playeth his pipe.Take care! Hot noontide sleepeth on the fields. Do not sing! Hush! The world is perfect.Do not sing, thou prairie-bird, my soul! Do not even whisper! Lo—hush! The old noontide sleepeth, it moveth its mouth: doth it not just now drink a drop of happiness——An old brown drop of golden happiness, golden wine? Something whisketh over it, its happiness laugheth. Thus—laugheth a God. Hush!"For happiness, how little sufficeth for happiness!" Thus spoke I once and thought myself wise. But it was a blasphemy: that have I now learned. Wise fools speak better.The least thing precisely, the gentlest thing, the lightest thing, a lizard's rustling, a breath, a whisk, an eye-glance—little maketh up the best happiness. Hush!
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|They say I am a reformer. They say wrong: for I have long since given up any such chimerical idea, as that of being able to make men happier who are wicked and miserable by prescription. Withdrawing, therefore, from any such Utopian and hopeless attempt, I believed the best thing I could do was, to relieve, where I could, individual distress, and to lighten the chains that villany often imposes on simplicity under the name of law. In this I have done some good, and what else ought a man to do on this earth?
Jim Harrison|No breed of cats in its proper condition can by any stretch of the imagination be thought of as even slightly ungraceful - a record against which must be pitted the depressing spectacle of impossibly flattened bulldogs, grotesquely elongated dachshunds, hideously shapeless and shaggy Airedales, and the like.
Jane Elliot|Women are oppressed in the east, in the west, in the south, in the north. Women are oppressed inside, outside home, a woman is oppressed in religion, she is oppressed outside religion.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I'm nobody! Who are you? Are you nobody, too? Then there ’s a pair of us—don’t tell! They ’d banish us, you know. How dreary to be somebody! How public, like a frog To tell your name the livelong day To an admiring bog!
Karen Ranney, The Virgin of Clan Sinclair|I do not want to be a relative and passive being, anywhere. I want to live and love and write.
John D. Zizioulas|Man is free only within communion. If the Church wishes to be the place of freedom, she must continually place all the 'objects' she possesses, whatever they may be (Scripture, sacraments, ministries, etc.) within the communion-event to make them 'true' and to make her members free in regard to them as objects, as well as in them and through them as channels of communion. Christians must learn not to lean on objective 'truths' as securities for truth, but to live in an epicletic way, i.e. leaning on the communion-event in which the structure of the Church involves them. Truth liberates by placing beings in communion.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|She was impressed by its simplicity and its seriousness, and the rage she had cultivated with so much love for so many days faded away on the spot.
Plato, Apology|For to fear death, men, is in fact nothing other than to seem to be wise, but not to be so. For it is to seem to know what one does not know: no one knows whether death does not even happen to be the greatest of all goods for the human being; but people fear it as though they knew well that it is the greatest of evils.
Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour|She opened her mouth, clamped it shut again. This was new, this sudden favor shown Gloucester, had been brought back with him from Burgundy like some malevolent foreign pox.
Barack Obama|Men of ill judgment ignore the good that lies within their hands, till they have lost it.
José Saramago, Skylight|Communism is the friend of the ideologue, and the enemy of mankind.
John F. Kennedy|To those peoples in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves, for whatever period is required - not because the Communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right. If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
August Renfelt, Fate, as Water|En las ligeras todas las cosas son visible, pero en la oscuridad, muchas cosas son imaginable.Translated: In the light all things are visible, but in the dark many things are imaginable.
Ann Packer, Swim Back to Me|Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own; and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.
Robertson Davies|I am quite a wise old bird, but I am no desert hermit who can only prophesy when his guts are knotted with hunger. I am deep in the old man’s puzzle, trying to link the wisdom of the body with the wisdom of the spirit until the two are one.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|Guilt, did I say? In what consists ours, unless in the opinion of an ill-judging world?
Elizabeth Gilbert|If I love you, I will carry for you all your pain, I will assume for you all your debts (in every definition of the word), I will protect you from your own insecurity, I will protect upon you all sorts of good qualities that you have never actually cultivated in yourself and I will buy Christmas presents for your entire family. I will give you the sun and the rain, and if they are not available, I will give you a sun check and a rain check. I will give you all this and more, until I get so exhausted and depleted that the only way I can recover my energy is by becoming infatuated with someone else.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|The riot screws did not stop there, they dragged him down the corridor where ten other nameless screws repeatedly coshed him over the head and face and body. Dingus by now was totally out cold, he had received the equivalent injuries of someone who was involved in a car crash.
Marty Rubin|In human character, simplicity doesn't exist except among simpletons.
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|Friendship is not to be sought, not to be dreamed, not to be desired; it is to be exercised (it is a virtue).
Morgan Musseau|When you read my texts, you saw a curt, miserable git. And you told me so. Maybe you're right. But you know what I saw when I read yours? - SamNo. And I don't want to know. - PoppyI saw a girl who races to help others but doesn't help herself. And right now you need to help yourself. No one should walk up the aisle feeling inferior or in a different league or trying to be something they're not. - Sam
Roddy Doyle, Brilliant|No matter how good you act to be tough, your emotions will flow without your control...
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|At the end of all things, why do lovers break up? Because love is magic. You have to believe, for it to exist.
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|A kind of Providence keeps us blind to the intensity of suffering so as to keep us sane, until that day when the suffering is our own or that of someone we love beyond imagining.
Val Uchendu|Words matter, choose the words you use to describe yourself carefully, make sure they reflect your desire. By our words we ask from God and command the Universe. Both always deliver what we ask
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Now you make yourself come, bitch. And I'll know if you're faking. You make that cunt clench around my cock or I swear to God I'll make you regret it
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|The real Julian Wells didn't die in a cherry-red convertible, overdosing on a highway in Joshua Tree while a choir soared over the sound track.
Plutarch, Moralia|I do not admire the excess of a virtue like courage unless I see at the same time an excess of the opposite virtue, as in Epaminondas, who possessed extreme courage and extreme kindness. We show greatness not by being at one extreme, but by touching both at once and occupying all the space in between.
Jaeda DeWalt|While we are all in the process of becoming as ever-changing, ever-evolving beings... it's essential to remember that we are also enough, just as we are, right now, in this moment. When we are able to accept ourselves as we are, we are better able to accept others, as they are. Personal growth thrives in an environment of love, acceptance and forgiveness.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|Show me a man who is a time investor, I will show you a successful man
Fida Islaih, Hugs & Kisses|Today was the first day of summer, she realized, her spirits lifting like a kite. She loved milestones of any sort: birthdays, anniversaries, holidays, checks on the calendar, notches on a growth chart. Today would be special, brand new. She felt it deep inside. Summer was here with sunny days and balmy nights, the informality of barbecues and dips in the swimming pool. She was so relieved to have the grind of the school year finished. She missed playing with her children.
Nicholas Carr, The Shallows: What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains|And of course, when you see your brother in the toilet bowl...there's a little voice that say, 'I wonder where he would go...'...if it hadn't been for his head...
Harold B. Melchart|Live your life each day as you would climb a mountain. An occasional glance toward the summit keeps the goal in mind, but many beautiful scenes are to be observed from each new vantage point.
Kevin DeYoung, Crazy Busy: A (Mercifully) Short Book about a (Really) Big Problem|The writer as boxer says he develops by, "learning from everyone who'll spar with me.
Patrick Ness, The Crane Wife|Stories are meant to comfort the afflicted, and afflict the comfortable.
Elon Musk|If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Joann I. Martin Sowles, Laney|After a life of being entombed, essentially a slave to an unfair beginning,I am free. I'm a liberated whore of the world with little to no inhibitions."(Annie from upcoming book 3)
Golda Meir|No One Can Hurt Me, Until I Want To Feel That Hurt.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn, Leftism: from de Sade and Marx to Hitler and Marcuse|I feel I could kill. I feel that I might like it. And I know that this should scare me. But it doesn't. It excites me. I am in Plato's cave, watching the shadows and fraught with the desire to hunt what casts them.
George Gordon Byron, Don Juan|But words are things, and a small drop of ink,      Falling like dew, upon a thought, produces That which makes thousands, perhaps millions, think;      ’T is strange, the shortest letter which man uses Instead of speech, may form a lasting link      Of ages; to what straits old Time reduces Frail man, when paper — even a rag like this, Survives himself, his tomb, and all that’s his.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|Listen to me, kitten. Win or lose, you’ll always be a princess to me.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature and Selected Essays|If the stars should appear one night in a thousand years, how would men believe and adore; and preserve for many generations the remembrance of the city of God which had been shown! But every night come out these envoys of beauty, and light the universe with their admonishing smile.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you listen to music, dance daily and mediate, you have the best medicine for your mind, body and soul.
Sukant Ratnakar|The hard part of ReThinking, is most people don't usually do much normal REAL thinking anyway. They live their lives on automatic reaction.
The Fart Blast|The Relationship Between God And I Is Beyond Human Comprehension, Therefore, Pay No Attention To Any Descriptive Section About My Religious Affiliation, Otherwise, You Would Be Accused Of Reading The Seventh Books Of Moses.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Frank didn’t drop you on purpose,” she said. “He’s not like that. He’s just a little clumsy sometimes.”“Oops,” Leo said, in his best Frank Zhang voice. “Dropped Leo into a squad of enemy soldiers. Dang it!
Sarah Slean|Because life is short. I feel we’re made of a hunger, a desire for life – if that can be described as a material. As I get older, I’m trying to open that channel more. If you don’t, if you close off desire and get complacent, life loses its freshness and sweetness, and that’s what I crave. That’s my bliss.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...it's good to know wave and particle alpha code, but more than that, the writer must go to the heart of life ...
Jesse James Garrett|Biology, it's the technology which builds our world, and we can harness it to shift humanity from a scarcity to an abundance economy.
Gail Carriger, Manners & Mutiny|It's, All in fashion.
Blake O'Connor, Unspoken Bond|A dog doesn't care if your rich or poor, smart or dumb. Give him your heart.. and he'll give you his.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|And think not you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you smile, whenever you care, whenever you love, whenever you share, your spirit will dance with joy because happiness is there.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|Yes I value strong friendships on a very deep level, I value these connections because time and time again i will go through heartbreak, I will forget my self worth, I will make mistakes and my world will feel broken beyond repair and to have these special people in your life that will be there to help you pick up the pieces and remind you what makes you special and worth being alive is the most amazing feeling in the world and I would never trade that for anything.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There is a correlation between the number of days since a man last had sex, and, the number of women that he is convinced he is in love with.
Michael Stein, In the Age of Love|Equality of opportunity is not enough. Unless we create an environment where everyone is guaranteed some minimum capabilities through some guarantee of minimum income, education, and healthcare, we cannot say that we have fair competition. When some people have to run a 100 metre race with sandbags on their legs, the fact that no one is allowed to have a head start does not make the race fair. Equality of opportunity is absolutely necessary but not sufficient in building a genuinely fair and efficient society.
Josh Mitchell|I’m 30, it’s Christmas, and I’m a writer without a job. I sit hereengulfed in a furious fit of frustration. My future unknown. Mynuts so small you could fit them in a gnat’s navel and have roomleft over for my brain.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|Sometimes, the indefinite article 'an' seems unnecessary to me. We can use 'a' instead of 'an'. It will not create a huge problem if we write or say 'a ant', not 'an ant'!
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Senor Sempere believed that God lives, to a smaller or greater extent, in books, and that is why he devoted his life to sharing them, to protecting them, and to making sure their pages, like our memories and our desires, are never lost.
Joni L. James, Dancing With Herons: Bearing Witness to Local Natural History|Who will bear witness to these small islands and oases of wildness as land is divided and sold to become strip malls, housing developments,and parking lots? What happens to the natural history here? We must bear witness.
R.C. Sproul, The Holiness of God|No human face is exactly the same in its lines on each side, no leaf perfect in its lobes, no branch in its symmetry. All admit irregularity as they imply change; and to banish imperfection is to destroy expression, to check exertion, to paralyze vitality. All things are literally better, lovelier, and more beloved for the imperfections which have been divinely appointed, that the law of human life may be Effort, and the law of human judgment, Mercy.
Linda Tirado, Hand to Mouth: Living in Bootstrap America|Told so repeatedly that we were worthless, we could not see the truth until we looked into each other's eyes.
Sarah Orne Jewett, The Country of the Pointed Firs|Though we've talked and talked and talked, we've all agreed not to say a word.
VicDo|Further, any way of life based on the importation of resources is also functionally based on violence, because if your way of life requires the importation of resources, trade will never be sufficiently reliable: if people in the next watershed over won't trade you for some necessary resource, you will take it, because you need it. So, to bring this to the present, we could all become enlightened, and the US military would still have to be huge: how else will they get access to the oil they need to run the economy, oil that just happens to lie under someone else's land? The point is that no matter what we think of the irredeemability of this culture's mass psychology or system of rewards, this culture–civilization–is also irredeemable on a purely functional level.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to see beauty, look with love and appreciation and you will find it.
Adriana Trigiani, The Shoemaker's Wife|There were so many things a tree could do: add color, provide shade, drop fruit or become a children's playground, a whole sky universe to climb and hang from; an architecture of food and pleasure, that was a tree.
Jason Gurley, Eleanor|Time is a river, and it flows in a circle. I love you.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Just to love! She did not ask to be loved. It was rapture enough just to sit there beside him in silence, alone in the summer night in the white splendor of moonshine, with the wind blowing down on them out of the pine woods.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|While trauma keeps us dumbfounded, the path out of it is paved with words, carefully assembled, piece by piece, until the whole story can be revealed.
Barbara Katz Rothman, Genetic Maps and Human Imaginations: The Limits of Science in Understanding Who We Are|When you've learned to both see and not see the resemblance, then you see the uniqueness.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|Nobody's perfect. Well, there was this one guy, but we killed him....
Lailah Gifty Akita|You just have to remember that little person inside of you that wanted to take over the world; then, listen to them.
Robin S. Sharma|I haven't been to a movie for three months of Sundays. I gather from what Carolyn reports that Hollywood now produces false entertainment: unmitigated violence on the screen; snickering, laughter in the audience.
Steven Erikson, Toll the Hounds|Memory did not let go; it remained the net dragged in one's wake, with all sorts of strange things snarled in the knotted strands.
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|Like calls to like, truth to truth and deceit to deceit.
Susanna Tamaro, Follow Your Heart|... but happiness is to joy as an electric light bulb is to the sun. Happiness always has an object, you're happy because of something, it's a condition whose existence depends on external things. Joy, on the other hand, has no object. It seizes you for no apparent reason, it's like the sun, its burning is fueled by its own heart.
Penny Reid, Neanderthal Marries Human|Hawke continued to walk beside his lieutenant— a man who, as a result of his incredible feats during the battle in San Francisco, now had a fan club. Complete with “I (heart) Judd” and “Judd Is My Boyfriend” memorabilia. In the normal course of events, civilians wouldn’t have gotten anywhere near the former Arrow, but it had been impossible to evacuate the entire city prior to the Pure Psy attack.
John Nelson Darby|The romantic love we feel toward the opposite sex is probably one extra help from God to bring you together, but that's it. All the rest of it, the true love, is the test.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|Men, who are rogues individually, are in the mass very honorable people.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|It is not despair, for despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.
Carole Bayer Sager, They're Playing Our Song|I’ve always thought the best songs come though us not from us…. They gave me life, they gave me an identity and I gave them my tears, my heart, and my truth.
Roman Payne|I was forced to wander, having no one, forced by my nature to keep wandering because wandering was the only thing that I believed in, and the only thing that believed in me.
Kliph Nesteroff, The Comedians: Drunks, Thieves, Scoundrels, and the History of American Comedy|He printed business cards celebrating his shift. They read, 'Ars gratia pecuniae.' Translated, it meant, 'Art for money's sake.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|How sad, ye Gods, how sad the world is at evening, how mysterious the mists over the swamps! You will know it when you have wandered astray in those mists, when you have suffered greatly before dying, when you have walked through the world carrying an unbearable burden. You know it too when you are weary and ready to leave this earth without regret; its mists; its swamps and its rivers; ready to give yourself into the arms of death with a light heart, knowing that death alone can comfort you.
Kenya Wright, 420|If I thought I’d been drawn to her, now I knew, I’d been taken,kidnapped,caged,destroyed,and all the other things that went with someone having complete power over another.
Braden Pedersen, 30-Second Theology: By Braden Pedersen|There is no 'big sin' or 'little sin', it's just sin.
Alexis  Hall, Glitterland|I was the climber of a sheer cliff, dragging myself on bleeding hands towards a summit that I'd never reach and sometimes didn't want to reach. The things I cared about were the hooks I'd driven into the rock face. Depression snapped them, one by one, one by one. My only certainty was the fall.
Tadeusz Pankiewicz|You had nightmares every night for a long time and screamed in Korean words, but we didn't know what they meant. I asked someone who knew Korean, and he said it was um-ma um-ma, the word for mom.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|I close my eyes, thinking that there is nothing like an embrace after an absence, nothing like fitting my face into the curve of his shoulder and filling my lungs with the scent of him.
Lynda Barry|What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it.
Robert Jordan|There are no rules, because life is made up of too many rules as it is.
Matthew J. Pallamary, The Small Dark Room of the Soul and Other Stories|Through the ages, countless spiritual disciplines have urged us to look within ourselves and seek the truth. Part of that truth resides in a small, dark room -- one we are afraid to enter 
Susan Coolidge, What Katy Did|She read all sorts of things: travels, and sermons, and old magazines. Nothing was so dull that she couldn't get through with it. Anything really interesting absorbed her so that she never knew what was going on about her. The little girls to whose houses she went visiting had found this out, and always hid away their story-books when she was expected to tea. If they didn't do this, she was sure to pick one up and plunge in, and then it was no use to call her, or tug at her dress, for she neither saw nor heard anything more, till it was time to go home.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Don't be afraid that things are changing, because indeed they always are.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|The only way for a woman, as for a man, to find herself, to know herself as a person, is by creative work of her own.
Dada Bhagwan|That which gives detailed analysis of anger-pride-deceit-greed and puts them aside and doesn’t allow any clashes to occur at home, is known as intellect. It makes one do ‘everywhere adjustment’.
Rita Mae Brown, Six of One|To stop the drug traffic is not the best way to prevent people from using drugs. The best way is to practice the Fifth Precept and to help others practice. Consuming mindfully is the intelligent way to stop ingesting toxins into our consciousness and prevent the malaise from becoming overwhelming. Learning the art of touching and ingesting refreshing, nourishing, and healing elements is the way to restore our balance and transform the pain and loneliness that are already in us. To do this, we have to practice together. The practice of mindful consuming should become a national policy. It should be considered true peace education... Those who are destroying themselves, their families, and their society by intoxicating themselves are not doing it intentionally. Their pain and loneliness are overwhelming, and they want to escape. They need to be helped, not punished. Only understanding and compassion on a collective level can liberate us (78-79).
Deepika Padukone|New technologies and approaches are merging the physical, digital, and biological worlds in ways that will fundamentally transform humankind. The extent to which that transformation is positive will depend on how we navigate the risks and opportunities that arise along the way.
Kim Harrison, White Witch, Black Curse|I only snatched him to get your attention,” I said. “Now that I’ve got it, this is what I want.”“Damn my dame!” Al shouted, hands raised to the ceiling. “I knew it! Not another list!
Jeffrey Eugenides|Is it surprising that the cellular prison, with its regular chronologies, forced labour, its authorities of surveillance and registration, its experts in normality, who continue and multiply the functions of the judge, should have become the modern instrument of penality? Is it surprising that prisons resemble factories, schools, barracks, hospitals, which all resemble prisons?
Deborah M. Gordon, Ants at Work: How an Insect Society is Organized|Every time a scientist publishes a good piece of work, she helps to maintain and raise the standards for what is true. We have to keep chipping away.
Plato, Euthyphro|A thinking mind is not swallowed up by what it comes to know. It reaches out to grasp something related to itself and to its present knowledge (and so knowable in some degree) but also separate from itself and from its present knowledge (not identical with these). In any act of thinking, the mind must reach across this space between known and unknown, linking one to the other but also keeping visible to difference. It is an erotic space.
Guy Haley, Reality 36|No, but if I were an illegal, experimental replicant hiding the truth of an international conspiracy I would try and put myself out of the way of those investigating it, wouldn't you? I don't think hiding under a bed will be very successful. But, if you've any better idea of what the deadly robot assassin is up to, please feel free to act upon it.
Flannery O'Connor|Existence itself does not feel horrible; it feels like an ecstasy, rather, which we have only to be still to experience.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|Friends are nice. You can tell' 'em stuff, but you can swear like a gangster at an enemy. And that's all right, too.
Peter Kreeft|Music is more powerful than reason in the soul. That is also why Plato made music the very first step in his long educational curriculum: good music was to create the harmony of soul that would be a ripe field for the higher harmony of reason to take root in later. And that is also why he said that the decay of the ideal state would begin with a decay in music. In fact, one of your obscure modern scholars has shown that social and political revolutions have usually been preceded by musical revolutions, and why another sage said, 'Let me write the songs of a nation and I care not who writes its laws.
Carolyn Spring, Living with the Reality of Dissociative Identity Disorder: Campaigning Voices|For all this talk about us being a nation at war with child abuse, and for all the media hype about witch-hunts and false allegations — and don't ever let anyone use the word witch-hunts about this; there were no witches — the fact remains that in 1994, it is extremely difficult to come forward with allegations of sexual abuse. And the external forces of denial are almost overwhelming. If a case as verified as mine meets with denial, I dread to think about the experience of people who don't have the kind of corroboration that I do. And I really worry that we're getting close to a point where it's going to be impossible to prosecute child molesters, because we don't believe children, and now we don't believe adults. (Cheit "Paper presented at the Mississippi Statewide Conference on Child Abuse and Neglect" Jackson, April 29 1994.)
Shelby Foote, The Civil War, Vol. 1: Fort Sumter to Perryville|No one is charismatic. Someone becomes charismatic in history, socially. The question for me is once again the problem of humility. If the leader discovers that he is becoming charismatic not because of his or her qualities but because mainly he or she is being able to express the expectations of a great mass of people, then he or she is much more of a translator of the aspirations and dreams of the people, instead of being the creator of the dreams. In expressing the dreams, he or she is recreating these dreams. If he or she is humble, I think that the danger of power would diminish.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|The desperate need today is not for a greater number of intelligent people, or gifted people, but for deep people.
Tom Petty|Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Let Your Feelings Be Your Guide by Esther and Jerry Hicks|But be sure that human feelings can never be completely stilled. If they are forbidden from their normal course, like a river they will cut another channel through the life and flow out to curse and ruin and destroy
Marissa Meyer|ESPE: So, in both conversations, Lama Sangyay steers you away from thinking directly about Epifanio or your relationship (or lack thereof) and right into the nature of your mind. So masterful.CLARA: Isn't he? I hate those instructions. I do not want to do those contemplations. I want Epifanio!ESPE [laughing]: Of course you do. How does it feel to want?CLARA: "Et tu, Brute?"ESPE: Oh, sí, Señora. ¡Yo también!
Jane Cousins, Two For The Show|Her breathing hitched and his all but seized in his lungs for the want of her, the taste of her, the feel of her under his hands. His lips whispered against the curve of hers, where her cheek ended and her very sexy mouth began.
Ada Calhoun, Wedding Toasts I'll Never Give|I want to say that at various points in your marriage, may it last forever, you will look at this person and feel only rage.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|It is better to have your head in the clouds, and know where you are... than to breathe the clearer atmosphere below them, and think that you are in paradise.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Your life should consist of more than commuting, working, eating, surfing the Internet, sleeping and watching TV. Your life should be filled with purpose-driven experiences and projects that bring excitement, passion, energy, and authentic meaning and joy into your life.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|[Kane to Rose] I'll never forget the way you looked walking toward me. I never thought that I'd have a woman like you in my life. It's all there etched in my brain. And now, the way the light pours over our hair, the way all that silk shines, so black it's nearly blue. The world disappears when I'm holding you.
Jenny Holzer|Every once in a while, a good cry is needed in order to move forward.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Giraldus claimed that he had heard about Eleanor's adultery with Geoffrey from the saintly Bishop Hugh of Lincoln, who had learned of it from Henry II of England, Geoffrey's son and Eleanor's second husband. Eleanor was estranged from Henry at the time Giraldus was writing, and the king was trying to secure an annulment of their marriage from the Pope. It would have been to his advantage to declare her an adulterous wife who had had carnal relations with his father, for that in itself would have rendered their marriage incestuous and would have provided prima facie grounds for its dissolution.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|For a writer, I'm not sure that feeling of knowing you've just written something good and strong can be trumped. Not because it means I did something right. But because it proves how many wrongs I pushed through to get there.
Harry S Truman|Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them.
Ian McEwan|He came to find her, wanting what everyone wanted, and what only free-thinking people, not the supernatural, could give. Meaning.
Daniel Barenboim, Edward W. Said|You never get possessed forever.. However painful and devastating the state/period is, you will get back to normal someday..
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When faced with contrast, take nothing personally and don’t try to defend yourself. Defending one’s self is a vibrational relative of guilt. People will think what they like; do not feed fuel to the fire by reacting. Simply ask questions for clarity and in response say ‘Is that so?’ Take responsibility for the energy you brought to the situation, acknowledge the illusions without attachment, and move forward. Other people’s opinions are none of your business. Remember that each person is on their own unique path, and the mirror of contrast you hold up to them may be exactly what is necessary for their conscious growth at that time.
Cassandra Clare, The Lost Herondale|You were the one who taught me," he said. "I never looked at you without seeing the sweetness of the way the world goes together, or without sorrow for its spoiling. I became a hero to serve you, and all that is like you.
Keri Lake, Soul Avenged|Thank you, miss …?”“Annabelle.” She dropped a napkin onto his lap and smiled. “And might I say you are a handsome gent. Beautiful green eyes! I can see why Miss Ayden fancies your company!”Kane frowned. “Miss Ayden? Is this the same creepy woman with the gray eyes and weapons arsenal dangling from her hips?”“Why yes, sir. Although, she’s not so scary, once you get to know her.” Anna backed away and clasped her fingers together. “Bit of a sweet spot she has.” She winked.“Yeah. I noticed.
George Carlin|I look at graphic design as communication, meaning that the work has to have a vibe to connect to the viewer or perceiver. I make a black and white drawing and then add color digitally, bringing in a contemporary pattern to the composition to create a vibrance.
Steven Cuoco|The way you see yourself and others will significantly impact your ability to give your time, treasure or talents.
Mary E. Pearson|Poetry?"..."No, just thoughts, glimpses, things running through my head.
George Orwell, 1984|Satan will not ask you to carry a chair and sit with him, instead he will snatch the chair from your hands and dismantle your body with it.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|He sat down on a grassy bank and looked at the city that surrounded him, and thought, one day he would have to go home. And one day he would have to make a home to go back to. He wondered whether home was a thing that happened to a place after a while, or if it was something that you found in the end, if you simply walked and waited and willed it long enough. He pulled out his book.
Lysa TerKeurst, What Happens When Women Say Yes to God: Experiencing Life in Extraordinary Ways|A man journeyed to a place Where the road caused him to ponder, Should he travel the wide, clear road? Or should he venture up the other? The wide road was more often traveled, It was level and easy and clear. The narrow one seemed barely a path, With very few footprints there. His senses said to choose for ease And walk where many have wandered. But the map he held in his hand Showed the narrow going somewhere grander. In life we will all come to a point Where a decision must be made. Will we choose to walk with comfort’s guide? Or journey the narrow path God says?
Andy Weir, The Martian|Actually, I was the very lowest ranked member of the crew. I would only be “in command” if I were the only remaining person.”What do you know? I’m in command
RVM|Many people are hurt in Life. But the problem is not the hurt. They Curse, Nurse, and Rehearse their hurt instead of Reversing it, and Live miserably.
H.F. Peters, My Sister, My Spouse: A Biography of Lou Andreas-Salomé|If two people are so unalike, as you and I, they are pleased when they discover points of agreement. But if they are as alike as Nietzsche and I, they suffer from their differences.
Anton Chekhov|Your soul is infinitely creative. It is alive and expansive in nature. It is curious and playful, changing with the tides of time.
Patrick Lencioni|In Swat, there are two jobs a woman's going to do: a teacher or a doctor. If not, then become a housewife.
Rachel Archelaus|As you become more aligned with the truth of who you are, the question of liking yourself goes away. It is a natural state of being.
Zoran Drvenkar|To me, writing is like learning to ride a bike. At first you have your training wheels on but before you know it, you have graduated to a ten speed!!
Matshona Dhliwayo|When love intoxicates your heart, it is difficult for your soul to remain sober.
Brian O'Driscoll|I think we need more young people; we need to elect young people to government. We need to give them a chance, in the media, in politics, in democracy.
Diane Ackerman|My hope for this country is that we remain a people who value freedom, who have the courage to face the realities with faithful hearts instead of anxious ones.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!
Lisa Whelchel|My father once said about being a parent that it is the only thing you do that requires a very long period of learning, and at about the time that you are becoming competent, you don't need the skills anymore. Notwithstanding this modest assessment of their parenting skills, they were wonderful parents.
Nick Harkaway, The Blind Giant|Intellectual property, more than ever, is a line drawn around information, which asserts that despite having been set loose in the world - and having, inevitably, been created out of an individual's relationship with the world - that information retains some connection with its author that allows that person some control over how it is replicated and used.In other words, the claim that lies beneath the notion of intellectual property is similar or identical to the one that underpins notions of privacy. It seems to me that the two are inseparable, because they are fundamentally aspects of the same issue, the need we have to be able to do something by convention that is impossible by force: the need to ringfence certain information. I believe that the most important unexamined notion - for policymakers and agitators both - in these debates is that they are one: you can't persuade people on the one hand to abandon intellectual property (a decision which, incidentally, would mean an even more massive upheaval in the way the world runs than we've seen so far since 1990) and hope to keep them interested in privacy. You can't trash privacy and hope to retain a sense of respect for IP.
Ernst F. Schumacher, Small Is Beautiful: Economics as if People Mattered|In the social production of their existence, men inevitably enter into definite relations, which are independent of their will, namely relations of production appropriate to a given stage in the development of their material forces of production. The totality of these relations of production constitutes the economic structure of society, the real foundation, on which arises a legal and political superstructure and to which correspond definite forms of social consciousness. The mode of production of material life conditions the general process of social, political and intellectual life. It is not the consciousness of men that determines their existence, but their social existence that determines their consciousness. At a certain stage of development, the material productive forces of society come into conflict with the existing relations of production or – this merely expresses the same thing in legal terms – with the property relations within the framework of which they have operated hitherto. From forms of development of the productive forces these relations turn into their fetters. Then begins an era of social revolution. The changes in the economic foundation lead sooner or later to the transformation of the whole immense superstructure.
Joya Ryan, Rules of Seduction|So…” Nolan smirked. “Are you going to tell me why you had a trunk load of pleasure devices delivered to your door, or are we going to just keep ignoring the giant box of sex toys in the room?
Fue-Hlc|Dr Power stood up. “Because your staff are not components that can be fitted in, or replaced when they are unpredictable, or when they are simply being human. Because our patients are not playing a game called ‘business’ with profit and loss and winners and losers. Because patients have no choice, but to be patients and it’s our privilege to be in a temporary position where we can help them. And, inevitably, when we ourselves fall ill; when we grow old, then we can only hope that we will receive the help we ourselves need in turn. Because that’s the reality of life. And not some self-aggrandising game". - Dr Power, speaking in The Good Shepherd
Jack Williamson, Darker Than You Think|What silly little things sometimes take on meaning in life, suddenly, out of nowhere. And you know they're little nothings, and you laugh at them, but all the same, you go on feeling them, you can't stop...
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Perhaps," you will add, grinning, "those who have never been slapped will also not understand" - thereby politely hinting that I, too, may have experienced a slap in my life, and am therefore speaking as a connoisseur.
John Bytheway|Let there be work, bread, water and salt for all.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|I sat down at the table, took a deep breath, smiled at Detective Masterson, and nodded at Deputy Slalom. It was going to be a great summer. Normal.
K.S. Ruff, Beautifully Broken|He shook his head. “Did you tell him he should expand the Odessa-Brody oil pipeline up to Poland?”I smiled. “Yes. Yes, I did. You should definitely expand the pipeline. Think of all the money you could make if you sold your oil to the EU. You could build a whole new children’s hospital and a research center. You’d have enough money to buy real toilets for the university so women don’t have to crouch over those holes in the floor.” I shook my head. “I’d like to see you try that in five inch heels!
Tina Packer, Women of Will: Following the Feminine in Shakespeare's Plays|[Talking about ancient Greece](...) the great institutions (...) were created by older males who then trained younger males. They all had a strong homoerotic element. (...) This thereby increased the "rightness" of masculinity, never mind that half the world was feminine. That other half was also interested in philosophy, the arts, the law, religion, and athletics, but they had this other task -bringing children to term and nurturing them through the early years of their lives. And doing it again and again. Not that this gave status to women. On the contrary, the man's seed made the child. A woman was simply the receptacle provided by nature to carry the child until it was ready to come out. (...)
Joel Osteen|The health insurance industry does not like to pay out claims, because they don't make money. The only way they can make a profit is if they don't pay for your operation. If they pay for your operation and your doctor's appointment and your pharmaceuticals, they don't make any money.
Michael Leunig|I am a person who has many dreams. But as soon as I accomplish one, I move on to the next. That's my fatal, absurd nature.
Keith Ferrazzi, Never Eat Alone: And Other Secrets to Success, One Relationship at a Time|Ultimately, everyone has to ask himself or herself how they're going to fail. We all do, you know, so let's get that out of the way. The choice isn't between success and failure; it's between choosing risk and striving for greatness, or risking nothing and being certain of mediocrity.
Auliq Ice|You don’t say, “I’m sorry,”’ he says. ‘Getting injections, and experiencing pain, is part of life. There’s no reason to apologize for that.’ He seems to be channelling Rousseau, who said, ‘If by too much care you spare them every kind of discomfort, you are preparing great miseries for them.’ (I’m not sure what Rousseau thought about suppositories.)
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|It makes me wonder, Do we spend most of our days trying to remember or forget things? Do we spend most of our time running towards or away from our lives? I don't know.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|In this instant of danger they realized they were each other's reason for living, and into this instant they threw their whole being.
Pierre Bourdieu, Distinction: A Social Critique of the Judgement of Taste|Music is the 'pure' art par excellence. It says nothing and has nothing to say. Never really having an expressive function, it is opposed to drama, which even in its most refined forms still bears a social message and can only be 'put over' on the basis of an immediate and profound affinity with the values and expectations of its audience. The theatre divides its public and divides itself. The Parisian opposition between right-bank and left-bank theatr, bourgeois theatre and avant-garde theatre, is inextricably aesthetic and political.
Karan Mahajan|Well, I think there's a distinction between sexing-up the intelligence and sexing-up the presentation of the intelligence.
Aleister Crowley|But the most catastrophic display of misogyny in all religion lies at the very heart of Christianity—in the story of the Virgin Mary. That Jesus was born of a virgin is a fundamental narrative upon which all Christianity is based. It is one that is carried through to Islam, where the Quran holds Mary in great esteem.The implications of this have historically been devastating to women....Mary gave birth to Jesus Christ as a virgin, with no man ever having touched her. She is therefore described as pure, chaste, undefiled, innocent—being the product of an “immaculate conception” herself (as per Catholic doctrine), and now hosting God’s immaculate son in her unblemished womb.What does this mean for women who are touched by men? Are their conceptions corrupted? Are their characters and bodies now impure or unchaste? Have they been “defiled”?...Was all of Mary’s beauty, sanctity, chastity, and innocence confined to her vagina?Fetishizing Mary’s virginity—as Christians and Muslims both do—is a sickness that directly leads to a dangerous, unnatural glamorization of celibacy and sexual repression.”Excerpt From: Ali A. Rizvi. “The Atheist Muslim.” iBooks.
Chuck Bridges|That Science thing "For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction" Well this is not true if you hit someone much bigger then you.
Victor Davis Hanson|Everytime I hold you is the last time I hold you, I've known that since the very first time.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When our minds are on Christ, Satan has little room to maneuver.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Red Mars|You just don't have faith!" Frank repeated."Well I hope I never get it! It's like being hit by a hammer in the head!
Thomas Bernhard, Concrete|And in this we must for the most part entertain ourselves with ourselves, and so privately that no exotic knowledge or communication be admitted there; there to laugh and to talk, as if without wife, children, goods, train, or attendance, to the end that when it shall so fall out that we must lose any or all of these, it may be no new thing to be without them. We have a mind pliable in itself; that will be company; that has wherewithal to attack and to defend, to receive and to give: let us not then fear in this solitude to languish under an uncomfortable vacuity.
Ann Aguirre, Horde|I knew exactly how he felt because I had walked in his shoes, wary and distrustful, unable to believe anybody could care about me without asking for something in return.
S.E. Zbasnik, The King's Blood|Villains and plots and enemies are simple things to me. But friendships are complicated, and love is harder still. It has wounded me deeper than a sword ever could.
Emily Hainsworth, Take The Fall|Relationships based on dishonesty, lies,Secrets and cheats R not only predictedto fail but also a waste of precious timeand energie! U can’t fool yourself 4ever!
Alison Sweeney|I haven't always been into fitness. But I noticed that when I'd be on stage playing a show, I could hardly make it through the fifth song without having to take a breather.
Amy A. Bartol, Sea of Stars|I would make up silver lies studded with shards of perfect detail like mosaic splinters, sharp and everlasting, the kind of tiny faultless detail that would make them all sure that what I said was true. I would have alibis. I would bring in other people and teach them a story, and rehearse it so carefully and for so long that soon they’d all start to believe that what they said was actually true.
Emilie Autumn|DeathWish: You spent some time working with Courtney Love and Billy Corgan on a creative level, how did this experience help your growth as an artist?EA: It didn't -- it stunted it entirely. I gave up over a year of my life and career helping Billy with his flop of an album and designing and building all of the costumes for his music video. With Courtney, we were friends, but I spent years working to record and promote her flop of an album only to find that my value increased every time I peed in an orange juice bottle so that she could fake her way through a drug test. Not exactly a haven for artistic growth.
David Bowie|Human beings can withstand a week without water, two weeks without food, many years of homelessness, but not loneliness. It is the worst of all tortures, the worst of all sufferings.
Dick Cavett|I think I have many spenglerian moods about the country, and that some day people will look back and think 'this was a really goofy, unadmirable stupid time.
Michelle Cuevas, Beyond the Laughing Sky|things like how to tell the age of a tree, the dances of the moon and tides, and the names of the clouds-like cumulonimbus and nimbosttratus-that sounded lie magic spells on his tongue.
Robert   Harris, Pompeii|... and we held our breath, just for a moment, to see if the world had ended, but it hadn't, so we yawned and drank our champagne and carried on living, except for those of us who died, and everything continued such as before.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|The last moments slipped by, one by one, irretrievable.
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|Don't overthink things. Sometimes you can convince your head not to listen to your heart. Those are the decisions you regret for the rest of your life." Faith Barnett From Texas Tangle
Zeena Schreck, Beatdom #11: The Nature Issue|The free animalhas its dying always behind itand God in front of it, and its wayis the eternal way, as the spring flowing.Never, not for a moment, do we havepure space before us, where the flowersendlessly open.
Amy Carmichael, Gold by Moonlight|There is no house of life out of reach of the stream. So, to be surprised when the rain descends and the foods come, and the winds blow and beat upon the house, as though some strange thing happened unto us, is unreasonable and unjust; it so miscalls our good Master, who never told us to build for fair weather or even to be careful to build out of reach of floods. "We must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God" is not a fair-weather word. "My son, if thou comest to serve the Lord, prepare thy soul for temptation." "Ye will not get leave to steal quietly to heaven, in Christ's company, without a conflict and a cross." Even so, even though we must walk in the land of fear, there is no need to fear. The power of His resurrection comes before the fellowship of His sufferings.
William Shakespeare|I have learned that if you fake your life it will kill you slowly, terribly and cause the most pain for everyone. You try to do the right thing, not hurt anyone, conform to what love is supposed to be and what it is supposed to look like, but in the end it destroys you. It eats away at your heart and soul like acid. You slowly destroy those around you that you say you love, and you slowly destroy yourself.
Karl Marx|Men [sic] make their own history, but they do not make it as they please; they do not make it under self-selected circumstances, but under circumstances existing already, given and transmitted from the past.(Marx, 1963)
Margaret Atwood|I'm not of a science background, I was never a comic book geek, and I was never a gamer.
Daaji|Effective meditation must lead the meditator to the heights of the infinite sky of superconsciousness and facilitate the plunge into the deepest ocean of subconsciousness, and emerge the wiser. This way our consciousness evolves.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With strong spirit, you will survive any situation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the history of the earth, the sun remains still.
Kami Garcia|Maybe magic wasn’t the magic thing, when you grew up with it
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Someone once said that nothing costs more and yields less benefit than revenge,” Aomame said.“Winston Churchill. As I recall it, though, he was making excuses for the British Empire’s budget deficits. It has no moral significance.
Max Barry, Lexicon|Fairness is a term that is interpreted different ways. For the government, fair is whatever suits their needs.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|Where do they go, these dreams of mine? Do they live? Do they die? Do they fall? Do they fly?
Sharon Bolton, Dead Woman Walking|I have to go,” he said softly. “But you should take a few minutes to fix your hair; it’s a real mess. And your face is all flushed.”	“Maybe I’m just not practiced in these sorts of things.”	For a long moment, Ash said nothing. Then he whispered, “Neither am I.”	His next words were forced out like a confession. “If I was any good at it, it was only because I’ve imagined it so often.
Christopher Isherwood|Write, live what happens; Life is too sacred for invention – though we may lie about it sometimes, to heighten it.
Christina Engela, All That Remains|Ladies, if someone touches you and you don't want them to, feel free to punch them in the fucking face!
Hugh Prather, Notes to Myself: My Struggle to Become a Person|Funny to think that every day you have ever lived is a yesterday, and you will never live one single tomorrow. But then again, every day is a today when you’re living it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be patient with yourself.The journey of life requires alot of patient, persistence and perseverance.
Linda Morris, Nice Work If You Can Get It|Tell me if this is too forward," he said in a low voice that was surprisingly shaky, "but do you want to come---""Yes," she answered, exhaling hot breath on his neck.He grinned and gave her hip a squeeze. "I must say, this has been the most pleasant surprise I could imagine.""You're not very imaginative, then." She gave him the flirty eyes."Good thing I am.
Aino Kallas|That there is a Devil, is a thing doubted by none but such as are under the influences of the Devil.
Kajal Aggarwal|My parents loved each other. I was raised in a house of total love and respect. My dad worked very hard and my mother was incredibly devoted to him. I can unequivocally, without any peradventure of doubt, tell you that I was raised with the kind of love that we only dream of.
Eric Frank Russell, The Great Explosion|Inside, Harrison came face to face witha small man wearing immense plus fours.“Looking for someone?” asked the small man.“Yes, the fire chief.”“Who’s he?”By now prepared for this sort of thing, Harrisonspoke as one would to a child. “See here, Mister, thisis a fire-fighting outfit. Somebody bosses it. Somebodyorganizes the whole affair, fills forms, pressesbuttons, shouts orders, recommends promotions,kicks the shiftless, grabs all the credit, transfers allthe blame and generally lords it around. He’s themost important man in the bunch and everybodyknows it.” His forefinger tapped imperatively on theother’s chest. “And he is the fellow I’m going to talkto if it’s the last thing I do.”“Nobody is more important than anyone else.How can he be? I think you’re crazy.”“You’re welcome to think what you please but Iam telling you that—.”A shrill bell clamoured, cutting off his sentence.
Angie Langley, Jennifer Brown's Journey|I am a negative person by nature, and I typically shy away from anything that requires me to be having visible fun.
E. M. Cioran|If each of us were to confess his most secret desire  the one that inspires all his plans  all his actions  he would say: "I want to be praised."
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|I'll play baseball for the Army or fight for it, whatever they want me to do.
Melina Kanakaredes|You can't please everyone. When you're too focused on living up to other people's standards, you aren't spending enough time raising your own. Some people may whisper, complain and judge. But for the most part, it's all in your head. People care less about your actions than you think. Why? They have their own problems!
Lora Leigh, Wild Card|I think you're the kind of man a girl can count on. You just can't let go of losing your family. You can't let yourself love because you think your heart can't handle it . . . that something bad will happen. But you're wrong. It's true . . . grief is the price for love. But hearts are made to mend. Christ can do wonders with a broken heart, if given all the pieces.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Snow. I wondered what it felt like. Aunt Bernette said it could be both soft and hard, cold and hot. It stung and burned when the wind pelted it through the air, and it was a gentle cold feather when it drifted down in lazy circles from the sky. I couldn't imagine it being so many things, and I wondered if she had taken license with her story as Father always claimed. I couldn't stop thinking of it.Snow.
Eduardo Paes|I think positive. I always think we're going to score. Two minutes is a lot of time if you have timeouts and you're throwing every down. You have to make the right decisions. I've always had great receivers, which helps. It's not just me doing it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|I couldn’t think of anyone I’d ever felt sorry for. There were plenty of kids I was envious of. There were others I achingly admired, but that might simply be another form of jealousy. Then there were those I feared, dreaded. And the worst of them, the man who shamed me. I could see my father’s angry features looming over my mother. I could clearly picture her beside him in his truck, cowering against the door while he belittled and assaulted her.	I guess I did know someone I felt sorry for.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Solve problems, make art, think deeply.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Adolescent|He tried not to laugh, but he wasn't good at controlling all the laughter that lived inside of him.
Hugh Hefner|If we wish to preserve a free society, it is essential that we recognize that the desirability of a particular object is not sufficient justification for the use of coercion.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Live & Remember|You walked into my life when I was nineteen years old. You were the only man I ever loved - the only man I ever hope to love. You took everything we did together, everything we were to each other, and scorched it to nothing: left it a cloud of ash.
DC Allen|No more,' I told him. 'No more running in the wrong direction... You run to me'.
Mark Fiore, You Are Loved . . . an email memoir|There is a place for what my heart tells me about you, and there is no shame or guilt in it. God Himself is free to look in my heart right this instant and I know He would not shame or admonish me about what He would see there because the pure, ego-less truth of how I hold you in my heart deserves to be kept alive.
Mehmet Murat ildan|He was dropped under a streetlamp, the only person left on the bus. A patch of mauled light. Gritty pavement, scarred with a million cigarette burns. Weeds and spit and oil. Place like this, the only glitter was the knife just before it sank in. Place like this, there wasn't any gold.
Rand Paul|What I tell my kids is, 'I'm preparing you for college and for life. So, having independence, knowing how to set your own boundaries, figuring out how to make that balance. We still have screen-time rules.'
Mark McKinnon|I am a very basic person. I still believe marriage happens only once, and you have to sustain it.
Rachel Caine, Drama Queen's Last Dance|Jealousy was essentially "I want what you have," while envy was "I want what you have, but I also want to take it away so you can't have it.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|Day had now given away to night and as we wandered along the great avenue lighted by the two moons of Barsoom, and with Earth looking down upon us out of her luminous green eye, it seemed that we were alone in the universe, and I, at least, was content that it should be so.
Jo Victor, Romance by the Book|I believe his lies, so he believes mine.' She turns and looks at me straight on. 'That's how it goes at the end of love.
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Be healthy, hearty and happy.
Christian Wiman, My Bright Abyss: Meditation of a Modern Believer|Just as some of Jesus' first-century followers could not credit the presence of the risen Christ, so our own blindness, habit, and fear form a kind of constant fog that keeps us from seeing, and thereby believing in, the forms that grace takes in our everyday lives. We may think that it would be a great deal easier to believe if the world erupted around us, if some savior came down and offered as evidence the bloody scars in his side, but what the Gospels suggest is that this is not only wishful thinking but willful blindness, for in fact the world is erupting around us, Christ is very often offering us the scars in his side. What we call doubt is often simply dullness of mind and spirit, not the absence of faith at all, but faith latent in the lives we are not quite living, God dormant in the world to which we are not quite giving our best selves.
Karen O|The superior man does not, even for the space of a single meal, act contrary to virtue. In moments of haste, he cleaves to it. In seasons of danger, he cleaves to it.
James Salter|Our philosophy is you need to give nonprofit money for health, nutrition, education, culture, and sports.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|If you start by hating one or two people, you won't be able to stop. Pretty soon you'll hate a hundred people." "A zillion?" "Even a zillion. A little hatred goes a long, long way. It grows and grows. And it's hungry.""Like Cimmamum?""Even hungrier. You keep feeding it more and more people, and the more it gets, the more it wants. It's never satisfied. And pretty soon it squeezes all the love out of your heart"--I pointed to her heart; she looked down at her chest--"and all you'll have left is a hateful heart.
Alexandra Katehakis, Erotic Intelligence: Igniting Hot, Healthy Sex While in Recovery from Sex Addiction|Much healing can occur through the sexual act with a person you love and trust if the two of you can stay with each other during your most vulnerable moments. You enter into a sacred space, this unknown territory, from which you’ll emerge into new and unexpected states of being.
Victoria Forester, The Girl Who Could Fly|She says it’s wrong to be frittering away my hours asking questions when there’s work to be done. But I don’t see how a question can be wrong. Can you, Pa? Ma says the Bible sets out what’s right and wrong so we don’t have to bother ourselves with it none but it seems to me that it ain’t so matter-of-fact. Like when you kilt that old cow last week and I didn’t want to eat it ’cause he was my favorite and so gentle besides. Ma said I was sinful to waste food. But I said that maybe we shouldn’t go about killing and eating cows when they was so peaceful-like. Ma said that was foolishness and that God put the cows here just so as we can eat ’em. But that don’t seem like such a good deal for the cows to me. Preacher told us not more than four Sundays ago that God loves all his creatures, but it ain’t loving to my way of thinking to create a thing just for it to be food. Them cows ain’t never done nothing to us. Which got me to thinking that maybe we got it wrong and they got a purpose we don’t know nothing about.
Lia Ices|Color is my day-long obsession, joy and torment.
T.S. Eliot, Essays On Elizabethan Drama|We now doubt Aristotle, understand Shakespeare only with footnotes.
Peter Hook|When anyone arouses my anger, I will immediately pray for them and regain my peace of soul.
Jennifer Aniston|Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you find yourself engaged in an argument that only stirs anger in the heart, quickly make peace and carry on.
Greg Gutfeld|I really like women who get emotional about babies and puppies. I've met some incredibly cool women who are tough, but the woman you marry should have a really soft side.
Elaine  White, The Other Side|With you I feel like I'm already good enough; I only have to believe it. I can't lose you again.” He needed to make the confession because he was realising that Lachlan meant as much to him nowas he always had.“I know.” Lachlan smiled at him and stopped in their walk to draw him into his arms.Konnor went willingly, clinging onto him. This was exactly how they had said goodbye. It felt like the perfect way to make a promise to always be friends again.“I love you, Konnor,” Lachlan whispered in his ear.“I love you too. If I ever try to hurt you again, lock me up, shoot me, do whatever you have to do…but don't send me away,” he begged him never to separate them again.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Have you thought about what it means to be a god?" asked the man. He had a beard and a baseball cap. "It means you give up your mortal existence to become a meme: something that lives forever in people's minds, like the tune of a nursery rhyme. It means that everyone gets to re-create you in their own minds. You barely have your own identity any more. Instead, you're a thousand aspects of what people need you to be. And everyone wants something different from you. Nothing is fixed, nothing is stable.
Erik Pevernagie|The grass always seems greener on the other side of the fence. Many politicians promise green, green grass by blending niceties with delusion and by using alluring confidence tricks. They voice attractive tales and tell things, people like to hear. But the post-factual grassland often appears to be parched and barren. ("The grass was greener over there")
H.D.  Smith, Dark Forsaken|Then I woke in the shade of the fig tree in my favorite park, with the gun barrel in my mouth.
Barack Obama|I don't think marriage is a civil right, but I think that being able to transfer property is a civil right.
Will   Collins, A Darker Shade of Sorcery|Get away from me,” she cried. “What are you?” “Death,” Lok answered menacingly. Brooke looked at him in horror. “Haha, just kidding.
Thomas Carlyle, On Heroes, Hero Worship and the Heroic in History|From my insufficiency to my perfection, and from my deviation to my equilibriumFrom my sublimity to my beauty, and from my splendor to my majestyFrom my scattering to my gathering, and from my rejection to my communionFrom my baseness to my preciousness, and from my stones to my pearlsFrom my rising to my setting, and from my days to my nightsFrom my luminosity to my darkness, and from my guidance to my strayingFrom my perigee to my apogee, and from the base of my lance to its tipFrom my waxing to my waning, and from the void of my moon to its crescentFrom my pursuit to my flight, and from my steed to my gazelleFrom my breeze to my boughs, and from my boughs to my shadeFrom my shade to my delight, and from my delight to my tormentFrom my torment to my likeness, and from my likeness to my impossibilityFrom my impossibility to my validity, and from my validity to my deficiency.I am no one in existence but myself,
shashidhar sa|While you're here, work hard, work smart, and keep an open mind...
Anthony Marra, The Tsar of Love and Techno|The past few months have been the most serene of his adult life. The megalopolis in his mind has quieted to a country road. He does his work, he eats his bread, and he sleeps with the knowledge that today hasn't added to the sum of human misery. For now at least it's peace of a kind he hadn't imagined himself worthy of receiving.
Pippa DaCosta, City of Shadows|She's the queen of the herd."	"May I touch her?"	"If she'll let you. She doesn't take to strangers well."	I took a hesitant step forward and reached out my hand. Terror approached me with confidence, then ducked her muzzle beneath my palm. Once she came closer, for a moment, I feared she was going to trample me. But then she brushed gently against my side.	"She wants you to ride her." Jockey looked at me. "This is an honor."	All thoughts of bailing out quietly went to hell with that statement. Why not? How often did you get a chance to ride a Night Mare?
Michael Gove|In reality, I am more a professor, one who reflects and mediates on spiritual questions. Practical governance is not my strong point, and this is certainly a weakness. But I do not see myself as a failure. For eight years, I carried out my work.
Chetan Bhagat, 2 States: The Story of My Marriage|Because knowledge is not for showing off. If I do good work, people should notice me.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|The reason why Jane’s spirit was not broken was that she had a secret. It was her own special secret and she had told no one else except Peggy. She locked it in her heart and hugged it to herself. It was this glorious secret that filled her with such irrepressible joy and exhilaration. But it was also to be the cause of her greatest disaster, and her life-long grief.The rumour that her father was a high-born gentleman in Parliament must have reached Jane’s ears when she was a little girl. Perhaps she had heard the officers talking about it, or perhaps another child had heard the adults talking and told her. Perhaps Jane’s mother had told another workhouse inmate, who had passed it on. One can never tell how rumours start.To Jane, it was not a rumour. It was an absolute fact. Her daddy was a high-born gentleman, who one day would come and take her away. She fantasised endlessly about her daddy. She talked to him, and he talked to her.
Steven Wright|I have five boys in the family, and it's constant competition, sport, humor, and practical jokes.
Edwin Way Teale|Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|my father liked his Indian talk about the Great Spirit," Ridgeway said. "All these years late, I prefer the American spirit, the one that called us from the Old World to the New, to conquer and build and civilize. And destroy that what needs to be destroyed. To lift up the lesser races. If not lift up, subjugate. And if not subjugate, exterminate. One destiny by divine perscription--the American imperative.
Christoph Wolff, Johann Sebastian Bach: The Learned Musician|Music is a mixed mathematical science that concerns the origens, attributes, and distinctions of sound, out of which a cultivated and lovely melody and harmony are made, so that God is honored and praised but mankind is moved to devotion, virtue, joy, and sorrow.
Harley Quinn Smith|As we celebrate the considerable progress we've made toward full equality in our military, we cannot forget about those who continue to suffer because of the discriminatory policies of our past.
Thomas Wolfe, You Can't Go Home Again|From p. 40 of Signet Edition of Thomas Wolfe's _You Can't Go Home Again_ (1940):Some things will never change. Some things will always be the same. Lean down your ear upon the earth and listen.The voice of forest water in the night, a woman's laughter in the dark, the clean, hard rattle of raked gravel, the cricketing stitch of midday in hot meadows, the delicate web of children's voices in bright air--these things will never change.The glitter of sunlight on roughened water, the glory of the stars, the innocence of morning, the smell of the sea in harbors, the feathery blur and smoky buddings of young boughs, and something there that comes and goes and never can be captured, the thorn of spring, the sharp and tongueless cry--these things will always be the same.All things belonging to the earth will never change--the leaf, the blade, the flower, the wind that cries and sleeps and wakes again, the trees whose stiff arms clash and tremble in the dark, and the dust of lovers long since buried in the earth--all things proceeding from the earth to seasons, all things that lapse and change and come again upon the earth--these things will always be the same, for they come up from the earth that never changes, they go back into the earth that lasts forever. Only the earth endures, but it endures forever.The tarantula, the adder, and the asp will also never change. Pain and death will always be the same. But under the pavements trembling like a pulse, under the buildings trembling like a cry, under the waste of time, under the hoof of the beast above the broken bones of cities, there will be something growing like a flower, something bursting from the earth again, forever deathless, faithful, coming into life again like April.
Jackie G. Mills|If your writing fails to move the emotional needle, you are not reaching your readers.
Stephen Hawking|Cinema is a thankless industry where sometimes to appear on the cinematic scenery is a thing for late bloomers and people who are very patient. The places are accounted, and the space is often unwelcoming. Money is rare, and independent voices are muted by the almost complete absence of risk takers.
Tim Cummings|Listen, we’ll come visit you. Okay? I’ll dress up as William Shakespeare, Lucent as Emily Dickinson, and beautiful ‘Ray’ as someone dashing and manly like Jules Verne or Ernest Hemingway...and we’ll write on your white-room walls. We’ll write you out of your supposed insanity. I love you, Micky Affias.-James (from "Descendants of the Eminent")
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|When was the last time you woke up and wished you'd had just one more drink the night before?I have never regretted not drinking. Say this to yourself, and you'll get through anything.
Kung Fu Panda|You don't have to change that much for it to make a great deal of difference. A few simple disciplines can have a major impact on how your life works out in the next 90 days, let alone in the next 12 months or the next 3 years.
Osunsakin Adewale, The Hour of Temptation|Premature satisfaction with half-success is a dream-killer of ambition , nobody should indulge in it.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|The most disgusting human trait is bias because it ends of leading to propaganda, hate and violence.
Santosh Avvannavar, God's Table: The Last Supper|Birth is to celebrate, death is to mourn - Menu 8 (Death: Loved Ones!)
Samantha Chase, Holiday Spice|It’s ok,” he murmured. “I’ve got you.
Daniel Egger, Future Value Generation: Do you need to create new Business Logics?|Anyone can act strategically, it doesn’t take much to make a plan. The skill of a general is his or her ability to react strategically when plans fail.
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|Trouble seemed to follow me around. The late Tim Russert, my friend and the esteemed moderator of NBC’s Meet the Press, once joked, “Richard, just don’t come to Washington.
Elle Macpherson|We live in a social world now, and there's no denying the power that Twitter has yielded across all verticals. Sports is a perfect fit because fans are highly emotionally charged and things happen quick.
Charles McCarry, Old Boys|No wonder the summer solstice had been such a fun day in northern Europe before Christian missionaries arrived from the sunny south. If priests had not driven sex underground, what would the north have been like? Would art have flourished in the absence of sexual repression? What about artillery and fortification? The Reformation? The Thirty Years War? The French Revolution? The final perfection of murder as blood sport at Verdun and Dresden and in the Gulag?In short, where would we be without Jesus?
Aireen C. Pontillo|When you're full and done with your meal, you can leave the table but clean up your mess before you walk away.
RJ Arkhipov|Books are not distractions. Rather, they are, and have been, the most profound and accurate mirrors man has ever crafted.
Kelly Moran, Tracking You|Percy threw his arms around her. They kissed, and for a moment nothing else mattered. An asteroid could have hit the planet and wiped out all life, and Annabeth wouldn't have cared.
Alexandra Katehakis, Erotic Intelligence: Igniting Hot, Healthy Sex While in Recovery from Sex Addiction|Many partners of addicts have told me they feel bad about themselves for staying in the relationship because of the betrayal they’ve experienced. They imagine that the people who know their past judge them to be stupid for staying with the person who’s caused them so much pain. I often counter this thinking, explaining that leaving may seem quick and easy because they can pretend they’re okay and the problem has disappeared. However, if you leave your relationship, you’ll be stuck with your pain and sorrow without the person you loved to help you sort it out. Why is this true? Because even though it feels as if your pain comes from your partner, it’s actually coming from inside you.
Colm Toibin|You know, I can imagine not writing a novel and writing poetry only.
Larry Atchley Jr.|What is Hell like?" I blurted out before I could stop myself. Damn my curiosity. "You've never been there?" He eyed me suspiciously. Yeah, I went to Hell every summer for vacation.
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|You think he’s perfect and he’s safe and, in your head, he can do anything... but he can’t save you, Sara... and I can’t save you either.
Richard M. Weaver, Ideas Have Consequences|As you grow in true spiritual power and understanding you will actually find that many outer rules and regulations will become unnecessary; but this will be because you have really risen above them; never, never, because you have fallen below them. This point in your development, where your understanding of Truth enables you to dispense with certain outer props and regulations, is the Spiritual Coming of Age. When you really are no longer spiritually a minor, you will cease to need some of the outer observances that formerly seemed indispensable; but your resulting life will be purer, truer, freer, and less selfish than it was before; and that is the test.
Zac Brown|I think Angelina Jolie has done amazing, amazing things, and the international adoption rate just since her has skyrocketed. It's unbelievable.
Martin Parr|As we travel around Britain, I am convinced most of us cannot really appreciate what we are seeing. We take too much for granted, because it is all so familiar.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|That what I need to survive is not Gale's fire, kindled with rage and hatred. I have plenty of fire myself. What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again. And only Peeta can give me that.
Joey Fatone|I love trying out different cuisines. In Delhi, I love Megu at the Leela, and TK's at the Hyatt. I also enjoy Khan Chacha's rolls. In Mumbai, it's Royal China and Shiro. And in Bangalore, I like the food at Bricklane.
Sandip Thapa|Help those who need it, not who want it.
Liza M. Wiemer|Being kind, being compassionate, being respectful does not make you weak. More often, it's the harder path to take.
James A. Baldwin|Power in defense of freedom is greater than power in behalf of tyranny and oppression, because power, real power, comes from our conviction which produces action, uncompromising action.
Anthony Liccione|The papers say we're married, but it's the heart that writes the love story.
Robert Benchley|My pet peeves are people touching me a lot. Random dudes grabbing me and slapping me across the back. They're not doing it on purpose, but it's like they forget I'm a person. But you can't do anything about it. What are you going to do?
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|I was wrong about everything, please excuse me!
Jean Piaget|Fame can be just so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'. You say hi and people whisper' man did you see the way she said hi? What an attitude.
