Rita Ora|A good villain exudes charisma and power. He has principles, though; that just gives him a level of dimension. It makes him seem to be a bit unpredictable, because he's usually deemed as some type of evil, ruthless person, and then he shows you his principles, and you don't know what to think of it.
Bill Bryson, In a Sunburned Country|[About Uluru] I'm suggesting nothing here, but I will say that if you were an intergalactic traveler who had broken down in our solar system, the obvious directions to rescuers would be: "Go to the third planet and fly around till you see the big red rock. You can't miss it." If ever on earth they dig up a 150,000-year-old rocket ship from the galaxy Zog, this is where it will be. I'm not saying I expect it to happen; not saying that at all. I'm just observing that if I were looking for an ancient starship this is where I would start digging.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Grammar, he saw, was agreement, community, consensus.
Adam Silvera, More Happy Than Not|I'm going to move forward, facing in your direction with all my might.
Alan W. Watts, The Wisdom of Insecurity: A Message for an Age of Anxiety|And if she had appeared, would I have dared to speak to her?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The reason that man is seldom satisfied with his salary is that when it increases, he increases his expenses.
Robert Browning, Browning's Paracelsus: Being the Text of Browning's Poem|Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity; These are its sign and note and character
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|You'll never be as good as the next page you write, or as bad as the last one.
Neil Postman, The Disappearance of Childhood|In saying no one knew about the ideas implicit in the telegraph, I am not quite accurate. Thoreau knew. Or so one may surmise. It is alleged that upon being told that through the telegraph a man in Maine could instantly send a message to a man in Texas, Thoreau asked, "But what do they have to say to each other?" In asking this question, to which no serious interest was paid, Thoreau was directing attention to the psychological and social meaning of the telegraph, and in particular to its capacity to change the character of information -- from the personal and regional to the impersonal and global.
Frank Kusy, Kevin and I in India|Few of us could speak the other's language, but all of us had by now discovered the lodge's unique 'outside toilet'…which transcended all national barriers. The lodge owner wouldn't let you use it unless you promised to lock yourself in with a special key. Everybody thought this odd, but they understood his concern once inside. The loo was just two parallel blocks of wood laid either side of a big hole in the floor. You went in, squatted down on the blocks, felt the gust of chill air wafting up your nether regions, looked through legs, and watched the bottom fall out of your world for a sheer drop of two thousand feet! The reason for locking the door was obvious. Any unwitting interloper who swung it inwards when you were squatting over that hole was certain to knock you off your perch and straight down it. And that would be a one-way trip to oblivion. With your trousers round your ankles
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|I'll pray that you grow up a brave man in a brave country. I will pray you find a way to be useful.I'll pray, and then I'll sleep.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|A bird in the hand was worth two in the bush, he told her, to which she retorted that a proverb was the last refuge of the mentally destitute.
A.E. Samaan|We Libertarians believe in "Limited Government" precisely because we believe in unlimited liberty. Reduce one, and you decrease the other.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Taste is not only a part and index of morality, it is the only morality. The first, and last, and closest trial question to any living creature is "What do you like?" Tell me what you like, I'll tell you what you are.
Kay Ryan|The satisfactions/of agreement are/immediate as sugar--/a melting of the/granular, a syrup/that lingers, shared/not singular./Many prefer it.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|We are not here to fit in, be well balanced, or provide exempla for others. We are here to be eccentric, different, perhaps strange, perhaps merely to add our small piece, our little clunky, chunky selves, to the great mosaic of being. As the gods intended, we are here to become more and more ourselves.
Stevan V. Nikolic, Truth According to Michael|I thin​k​ that both our lives and the potential directions our lives may go are predestined. By using our free will in making our life choices, we do nothing else but picking up one of many already predestined options. To us, it seems like we were making the decision, while in reality, we just selected one of many possibilities that were already a part of our destiny.”“Don’t you think God is so powerful that he can make us believe that we made some choices, when in actuality, he had made a choice for us?
John Romero|Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment; it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way.
attributed to Maya Aangelou|Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|True freedom consists not in the freedom to sin, but the freedom not to sin.
Gustave Flaubert|Beneath beautiful appearances I search out ugly depths, and beneath ignoble surfaces I probe for the hidden mines of devotion and virtue. It's a relatively benign mania, which enables you to see something new in a place where you would not have expected to find it.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Jack had an actor's control." Chuck Spalding
Gustave Flaubert|When I learned that flour pound for pound has as many calories as sugar, and that when eating pasta you're basically eating cake, I was size 23, and my neck was restricting my breathing, and so I got on a microbiotic diet and got myself an exercise bike.
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|Yoga is the process of eliminating pain – pain form the body, mind and the society.
Richard Fortey, Dry Store Room No. 1: The Secret Life of the Natural History Museum|Every new discovery about the genome is consistent with evolution having happened. Whether we find it appealing or not is another question, but personally I like being fourth cousin to a mushroom and having a bonobo as my closest living relative. It makes me feel a real part of the world.
Anne Holm, I Am David|God of the green pastures and the still waters, please don't help me. I want to do it by myself so that You'll know I've found something I can do for You ... I am David. Amen.
Anthony Bourdain|I'm still trying to figure out how to write about cancer and my family's experience with it. If I had been able to write 'The Pura Principle' back in those days, I'm positive it would have had no humor in it. Which means the story would have been false.
Debasish Mridha|Your anger is the fire which can burn the whole world, but forgiveness is the water which can extinguish the fire and bloom the flowers of peace and love.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|But, Mameha-san, I don’t want kindness!”“Don’t you? I thought we all wanted kindness. Perhaps what you mean is that you want something more than kindness. And that is something you’re in no position to ask.
Paulette Jiles, Enemy Women|Then took the quilt out of its linen wrapper for the pleasure of the brilliant colors and the feel of the velvet. The needlework was very fine and regular. Adair hated needlework and she could not imagine sitting and stitching the fine crow’s-foot seams.Writing was the same, the pinching of thoughts into marks on paper and trying to keep your cursive legible, trying to think of the next thing to say and then behind you on several sheets of paper you find you have left permanent tracks, a trail, upon which anybody could follow you. Stalking you through your deep woods of private thought.
Robin Hobb, The Mad Ship|She had called herself a whore. That was a man's word, a shame-word flung at a woman. But she did not seem ashamed. She wielded the word like a sword, slicing away all his preconceptions of who she was. She had earned her living by her sex, and she did not seem to regret it.
The Mexican Horse Thief|If you cannot see my worth, you then, in turn, are worthless to me
Thich Nhat Hanh|Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up.
Denis Diderot|In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
Andy Garcia|Sometimes we look for those thunderous things to happen in our life for our lives to change or go in the other direction. We seek the miracle. We seek the parting of the seas, the moving of the mountains. But no, it's a quiet thing. At least for me it was.
Jane Fonda|I love being in a public space where teenagers are talking. And the funny thing is that it hasn't changed that much. There's certainly slang that I'm not familiar with, but among the average teen, it's still the same.
Maya Angelou|If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.
Christina Engela, Blachart: Galaxii Series Book 1|For instance, if Jesus Christ had died in prison, with no one watching and with no one there to mourn or torture him, would we be saved?With all due respect.According to the agent, the biggest factor that makes you a saint is the amount of press coverage you get.
Bertrand Russell|Happiness, as is evident, depends partly upon external circumstances and partly upon oneself.
Mike Tyson|I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.
Edward T. Welch|Divine determination and decree is this: that God has foreordained all people without exception unto eternal life, for his love is unconditional.
Michael  Grant, Silver Stars|I hear civilians saying we’re all heroes, heard someone… was it Arthur Godfrey on Armed Forces Radio? I can’t recall, but it’s nonsense anyway. If everyone is a hero, then no one is. Others say everyone below ground is a hero, but a lot of those were just green kids who spent an hour or a day on the battlefield before standing up when they shouldn’t have, or stepping where they shouldn’t have stepped. If there’s something heroic about stand up to scratch your ass and having some Kraut sniper ventilate your head, I guess I don’t see it. If by “hero”, you mean one of those soldiers who will follow an order to rush a Kraut machine gun or stuff a grenade in a tank hatch, well, that’s closer to meaning something. But the picture in your imagination, Gentle Reader, may not bear much similarity to reality. I knew a guy who did just that—jumped up on a Tiger tank and dropped a grenade (or was it two?) down the hatch. Blew the hell out of it too. But he’d just gotten a Dear John letter from his fiancée in the same batch of mail that informed him his brother had been killed. So I guess it was eight on the line between heroism and suicide.
Swami Dhyan Giten|When I speak about Jesus Christ, I do not speak about Christianity. Christianity has basically nothing to do with Jesus. The spirit of Christ can not be organized. Then it will not liberate you.Christ is the very essence of religion. Christ is the culmination of all human aspirations. In Christ all the aspirations of humanity are fulfilled.Christ celebrates life, he loves life, he is a song and a dance. He is also transcendental. When you come closer to him, you will find that his inner being is transcendence. You will meet the unknown, where the world disappears and God appears. You can trust him, because he is like you. He is part of your suffering, pain and sorrow, but he is also transcendental. That is why Jesus became a mile stone in the history of human consciousness. Jesus lived and loved with truth and grace. Jesus being was truth and grace. Whenever truth is there, grace is there. And whenever grace is there, truth is there. To come closer to Jesus, you have to find your own inner being, the kingdom of God. That is the whole message of Jesus. Then you will find that God is eternal. God is the whole existence. His creativity is eternal. God is creativity. God is not a person. God is existence, being. God is the energy that underlies all life, which is in the stones, in birds, in animals, in human beings and in the stars.
Steve Irwin|Learning operatic roles is ongoing, and I find that I can learn on the train or subway, during a manicure, getting my hair done, and even while driving if I only look at the score at red lights.
Katherine Dunham|For almost a generation, psychologists around the world have been engaged in a spirited debate over a question that most of us would consider to have been settled years ago. The question is this: is there such a thing as innate talent? The obvious answer is yes. Not every hockey player born in January ends up playing at the professional level. Only some do – the innately talented ones. Achievement is talent plus preparation. The problem with this view is that the closer psychologists look at the careers of the gifted, the smaller the role innate talent seems to play and the bigger role preparation seems to play.
Richard Ayoade, The Double|I have all these things that I want to say to her, like... Like how I can tell she's a lonely person, even if other people can't. Cause I know what it feels like to be lost and lonely and invisible.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Dream a Little Dream|BOTTOMThere are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisby that will never please. First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself; which the ladiescannot abide. How answer you that?SNOUTBy'r lakin, a parlous fear.STARVELINGI believe we must leave the killing out, when all is done.BOTTOMNot a whit: I have a device to make all well.Write me a prologue; and let the prologue seem tosay, we will do no harm with our swords, and thatPyramus is not killed indeed; and, for the morebetter assurance, tell them that I, Pyramus, am notPyramus, but Bottom the weaver: this will put themout of fear.QUINCEWell, we will have such a prologue; and it shall bewritten in eight and six.BOTTOMNo, make it two more; let it be written in eight and eight.
Salvador Dalí, Dalí's Mustache|Since I don't smoke, I decided to grow a mustache - it is better for the health.However, I always carried a jewel-studded cigarette case in which, instead of tobacco, were carefully placed several mustaches, Adolphe Menjou style. I offered them politely to my friends: "Mustache? Mustache? Mustache?"Nobody dared to touch them. This was my test regarding the sacred aspect of mustaches.
Tom Stoppard, The Invention of Love|It's where we're nearest to our humanness. Useless knowledge for its own sake. Useful knowledge is good, too, but it's for the faint-hearted, an elaboration of the real thing, which is only to shine some light, it doesn't matter where on what, it's the light itself, against the darkness, it's what's left of God's purpose when you take away God.
Thomas Szasz, Law, Liberty and Psychiatry|Unlike ‘mere’ medical or physical disorders, mental disorders are not just problems. If successfully navigated, they can also present opportunities. Simply acknowledging this can empower people to heal themselves and, much more than that, to grow from their experiences.
Lawrence M. Krauss, A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing|When you see something, it can’t be unseen. When you hear a sound, it can never be unheard. I know, deep down, that this evening I have learned something that can never be unlearned. And the part of my world that is altered will never be the same.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|Life has a habit of making the easy desperately difficult, and the hardest choices so easy as to be no choice at all.
Haruki Murakami|Being young is all about achieving the impossible. Or at least believing you can. The old mistake our denial for ignorance, our immaturity for irresponsibility. We understand the rules of life, we just don’t want to play by them. Not yet. Not today. Not tonight.Because tonight is a good night to be young and alive.
Idries Shah, Knowing How to Know: A Practical Philosophy in the Sufi Tradition|Sufism is education, in that it has a body of knowledge which it transmits to those who have not got it.
Henrietta Newton Martin|A military leader thinks about casualties and losses, but a strategic one only aims the win.
Tim Gunn|I love fashion, and I've always wanted to do costume design, but I'm in jeans and T-shirts most of the time.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|You think it’s me that you love, but it’s really the God in me that you see. It’s the God in me that you love. It’s true. It’s why we love you too. It’s the God in you that looks at me and the God in me that looks back at you. It’s just the Big Bang God in love with Himself.
Glenn Beck, The 7: Seven Wonders That Will Change Your Life|When you beat up someone physically, you get excercise and stress relief; when you assault him verbally on the Internet, you just harm yourself.
Robin Williams|Sometimes, reading my own media, the negativity can upset me, but I just deal with things on a positive basis. I mean, I have up to 20,000 people singing my words back to me on a nightly basis - they share my hopes and fears, and they relate to my own life experiences. Life can be pretty isolating, but that connection is always amazing.
Fidel Castro|Democrats pride themselves on their commitment to science. Citing climate change, they contend that they are the party of truth, while Republicans are 'denialists.' But with respect to genetically modified organisms, many Democrats seem indifferent to science, and to be practicing a denialism of their own - perhaps more so than Republicans.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|But you can’t be a scientist if you’re uncomfortable with ignorance, because scientists live at the boundary between what is known and unknown in the cosmos. This is very different from the way journalists portray us. So many articles begin, “Scientists now have to go back to the drawing board.” It’s as though we’re sitting in our offices, feet up on our desks—masters of the universe—and suddenly say, “Oops, somebody discovered something!” No. We’re always at the drawing board. If you’re not at the drawing board, you’re not making discoveries. You’re not a scientist; you’re something else. The public, on the other hand, seems to demand conclusive explanations as they leap without hesitation from statements of abject ignorance to statements of absolute certainty.
Diane Goold, Diane's Daily Devotions: A Daily Scripture Study with Devotional Development|When your heart is heavy and your spirit in distress,Reach out your arms to Jesus, and sense his sweet caress.He answers when we call him, our every prayer he hears,Reach out your arms to Jesus, for he is always near.
Maya Angelou|When, thirty-five years ago, I tried to give a summary of the ideas and principles of that social philosophy that was once known under the name of liberalism, I did not indulge in the vain hope that my account would prevent the impending catastrophes to which the policies adopted by the European nations were manifestly leading. All I wanted to achieve was to offer to the small minority of thoughtful people an opportunity to learn something about the aims of classical liberalism and its achievements and thus to pave the way for a resurrection of the spirit of freedom after the coming debacle.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|For this reason a prince ought to take care that he never lets anything slip from his lips that is not replete with the above-named five qualities, that he may appear to him who sees and hears him altogether merciful, faithful, humane, upright, and religious. There is nothing more necessary to appear to have than this last quality, inasmuch as men judge generally more by the eye than by the hand, because it belongs to everybody to see you, to few to come in touch with you. Every one sees what you appear to be, few really know what you are, and those few dare not oppose themselves to the opinion of the many, who have the majesty of the state to defend them; and in the actions of all men, and especially of princes, which it is not prudent to challenge, one judges by the result.
Daniel Webster|Love is the flower of life, and blossoms unexpectedly and without law, and must be plucked where it is found, and enjoyed for the brief hour of its duration.
H.G. Wells, You Can't Be Too Careful|Tewler Americanus in particular was irritated by a harsh logic that overrode his dearest belief in his practical isolation, whenever he chose to withdraw himself, from the affairs of the rest of the world. He had escaped from the old world and he hated to feel that he was being drawn back to share a common destiny with the rest of mankind.
Ursula K. Le Guin|As you read a book word by word and page by page, you participate in its creation, just as a cellist playing a Bach suite participates, note by note, in the creation, the coming-to-be, the existence, of the music. And, as you read and re-read, the book of course participates in the creation of you, your thoughts and feelings, the size and temper of your soul.
Esther Hicks|You are joy, looking for a way to express. It's not just that your purpose is joy, it is that you are joy. You are love and joy and freedom and clarity expressing. Energy-frolicking and eager. That's who you are.
Susan Dennard, Something Strange and Deadly|If I could make one wish, I wouldn't ask for world peace. I'd wish for a real zombie apocalypse. I'll take Romero zombies any day over this counterfeit harmony bullshit.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Anti-corruption policies are like cancer curing treatments. They affect good cells, say good people, in the short run; but make the life of a nation flourish in the long term.
Aditi Dufare|In the kitchen Anna was quietly plotting to get rid of him. A brief talk, then she would contact the publisher and ask for someone more suitable. When she bore her best china cautiously back into the room she found him on his feet, examining things. 'Here we are,' she said, speaking drily, trying to call him back to his place.'Who's this guy?' Dick asked, staring at a happy, rounded man having his photograph taken on a boat with a huge fish at his feet.'That is my Uncle Max,' Anna said impatiently. 'Here is your coffee.''Great. I need a cup. Strong and black.' Dick was feeling his reckless self coming out: so what is she thinks I'm a scruff? Push some buttons and see what the old cow's made of.Anna regretted that he must place his stained body upon her newly-cleaned velvet. She was grateful for having no sense of smell.'Tell me what you have written, Mr Michaels?' He noticed the challenge.'All sorts of rubbish,' he said unhelpfully, wishing to add the word 'rubbish', but showing admirable restraint. 'I write anything that's required.' As he spoke he noticed an unrealised pride in his humble craft. 'I turn things into readable English so people will be interested. You see, not everyone who has had an interesting life knows how to make it sound good; that's my job.' He could see her expression soften. Something simian amid the fine features? 'I make a great effort not to change the original intention, of course...''You call that a ghost, I think?''Yeah. The ghost brings people's lives to life.
Sara Zarr|When I was a teen, I thought I would have to choose between my writing or my music or my art, but it turns out it's a difficult juggling game but I can do all of them.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I don’t know that love is freedom. Rather, I think it’s more a force to preserve freedom.
ferrrer joey palomar fesico|All right, shadow-priest, you've been spying — on what? What state secrets have you learned watching me groom these horses?''Only that they hate you, Daru. Every time your back was turned, they got ready to nip you — only you always seemed to step away at precisely the right moment-''Yes, I did, since I knew what they were intending. Each time.''Is this pride I hear? That you outwitted two horses?
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|But I see nothing miraculous about it. Nothing makes one as healthy as happiness, and there is no greater happiness than making someone else happy.
Ernesto Che Guevara|Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|The measure of a man comes down to moments, spread out like dots of pain on the canvas on life. Everything you were, everything you'll someday be, resides in the small, seemingly ordinary choices of everyday life.....Each decision seems as insignificant as a left turn on an unfamiliar road when you have no destination in mind. But the decisions accumulate until you realize one day that they've made you the man that you are.
Leon Trotsky|[A] great embarrassing fact… haunts all attempts to represent the market as the highest form of human freedom: that historically, impersonal, commercial markets originate in theft.
Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish|What we at first deem useless might end up being the next bestseller. It can be the product's novelty, fun factor or sheer stupidity. Whatever the case, just remember there's always room on the market for an original business idea.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, Little Lord Fauntleroy|Going back to something is harder than you think."I don't suppose I could have broken my mother's heart any more if I tried.
Amitav Ghosh, Sea of Poppies|How had it happened that when choosing the men and women who were to be torn from this subjugated plain, the hand of destiny had stayed so far inland, away from the busy coastlines, to alight on the people who were, of all, the most stubbornly rooted in the silt of the Ganga, in a soil that had to be sown with suffering to yield its crop of story and song? It was as if fate had thrust its fist through the living flesh of the land in order to tear away a piece of its stricken heart.
Marlene Steinberg|Early identiﬁcation of patients who suffer from dissociative symptoms and disorders is essential for successful treatment, because these disorders do not resolve spontaneously. In addition, dissociative disorders are not alleviated by treatment directed toward an intercurrent disorder. However, because the dissociative disorders are among the few psychiatric syndromes that appear to respond favorably to appropriate treatment (Spiegel, 1993), improved accuracy in differential diagnosis is critical.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|She knew her place in this family, always had. Knew why she was conceived. And it wasn't for a photo on the mantle.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|The answers are never "out there." All the answers are "in there," inside you, waiting to be discovered.
Janet Evanovich, Explosive Eighteen|Connie, giving her thoughts on why Vinnie's hot temper is less than normal, says: "Lucille must have fed him a Vallium smoothie this morning.
Steven Moffat|Tacitus laughed at the Germanic tribes who tried to stop a torrent with their shields, but it is no less naive to believe in planetary migration or to believe in the establishment by purely human means of a society fully satisfied and perfectly inoffensive and continuing to progress indefinitely. All this proves that man ,though he has inevitably become less naive in some things, has nonetheless learned nothing as far as essentials are concerned; the only thing that man is capable of when left to himself is to "commit the oldest sins the newest kind of ways," as Shakespeare would say. And the world being what it is, one is doubtless not guilty of a truism in adding that it is better to go to Heaven naively than to go intelligently to hell.
Steven Erikson|The Wickans know that the gift of power is never free. They know enough not to envy the chosen among them, for power is never a game, nor are glittering standards raised to glory and wealth. They disguise nothing in trappings, and so we all see what we'd rather not, that power is cruel, hard as iron and bone, and thrives on destruction. ~ Deadhouse Gates
Ana Ortega|Have you ever been by yourself with no distractions? No radio, no TV, no internet, no mobile. Have you every been yourself in complete and utter silence? With no expectations and nothing else to do?Silence heals.
Hilary Swank|We live in a state with a wonderful climate and plenty of natural beauty, from the shores of Cumberland Island to the Chattahoochee River to the Blue Ridge Mountains.
Daniel James Brown, The Boys in the Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold at the 1936 Berlin Olympics|Everything has its "that," everything has its "this." From the point of view of "that" you cannot see it, but through understanding you can know it. So I say, "that" comes out of "this" and "this" depends on "that" - which is to say that "this" and "that" give birth to each other. But where there is birth there must be death; where there is death there must be birth. Where there is acceptability there must be unacceptability; where there is unacceptability there must be acceptability. Where there is recognition of right there must be recognition of wrong; where there is recognition of wrong there must be recognition of right. Therefore the sage does not proceed in such a way, but illuminates all in the light of Heaven. He too recognizes a "this," but a "this" which is also "that," a "that" which is also "this." His "that" has both a right and a wrong in it; his "this" too has both a right and a wrong in it. So, in fact, does he still have a "this" and "that"? Or does he in fact no longer have a "this" and "that"? A state in which "this" and "that" no longer find their opposites is called the hinge of the Way. When the hinge is fitted into the socket, it can respond endlessly. Its right then is a single endlessness and its wrong too is a single endlessness. So, I say, the best thing to use is clarity.
Julie Buxbaum|Right. So what don't get is why everyone is mad at me, instead of realising that I am the one who has been wronged here. Not a single person has come up to me and said,"I'm really sorry this happened to you." Not one person.
Gene Roddenberry|Strength lies in differences, not in similarities
Paul Theroux|If you list the qualities that we consider feminine, they are patience, understanding, empathy, supportiveness, a desire to nurture. Our culture tells us those are feminine traits, but they're really just human.
Stasia Ward Kehoe, Audition|Don't you agree? Swordplay is a dance of sorts, an understanding of the logical, most sophisticated next step. Except that in a fight, one must take the unexpected step. In dance it is all about taking the right, expected step.
Frederick Weisel, Teller|Sometimes Alton Darwin would talk to me about the planet he was on before he was transported in a steel box to Athena. 'Drugs were food,' he said. 'I was in the food business. Just because people on one planet eat a certain kind of food they're hungry for, that makes them feel better after they eat it, that doesn't mean people on other planets shouldn't eat something else. On some planets I'm sure there are people who eat stones, and then feel wonderful for a little while afterwords. Then it's time to eat stones again.
Thom Mayne|In architecture, you arrive so late. I look at doctors, lawyers I know, and they're all buying boats and bailing out at 62. My career is just getting started.
Kazuo Ishiguro|But even with respect to the most insignificant things in life, none of us constitutes a material whole, identical for everyone, which a person has only to go look up as though we were a book of specifications or a last testament; our social personality is a creation of the minds of others.
Cassandra Clare, Welcome to Shadowhunter Academy|Strangers can be consequential when you want to practice an atrophied or unexplored facet of you, as they don’t know how you usually act.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Who among us has not suddenly looked into his child's face, in the midst of the toils and troubles of everyday life, and at that moment "seen" that everything which is good, is loved and lovable, loved by God! Such certainties all mean, at bottom, one and the same thing: that the world is plumb and sound; that everything comes to its appointed goal; that in spite of all appearances, underlying all things is - peace, salvation, gloria; that nothing and no one is lost; that "God holds in his hand the beginning, middle, and end of all that is." Such nonrational, intuitive certainties of the divine base of all that is can be vouchsafed to our gaze even when it is turned toward the most insignificant-looking things, if only it is a gaze inspired by love. That, in the precise sense, is contemplation...Out of this kind of contemplation of the created world arise in never-ending wealth all true poetry and all real art, for it is the nature of poetry and art to be paean and praise heard above all the wails of lamentation. No one who is not capable of such contemplation can grasp poetry in a poetic fashion, that is to say, in the only meaningful fashion. The indispensability, the vital function of the arts in man's life, consists above all in this: that through them contemplation of the created world is kept alive and active.
Leon Trotsky, Terrorism and Communism: A Reply to Karl Kautsky|The Soviet state was, in fact, almost perfectly designed to make people unhappy. It denied its citizens not just hope, but also trust. Every activity had to be sanctioned by the state. Any person could be an informant. No action could be guaranteed to be without consequence. Father Dmitry preached friendship and warmth and belief to his parishioners, and inspired a generation to live as humans and not as parts of a machine.
Jane Wagner|I've never been married, but I tell people I'm divorced so they won't think something is wrong with me.
M. Basilea Schlink|He has been waiting for us, waiting in vain, and His fatherly heart was filled with grief. When He then sought to call us home through chastenings, we rebelled against Him and His actions and again refused to come home to the Father. What else should He do with us?
Paul Hollywood|YouTube and other sites will bring together all the diverse media which matters to you, from videos of family and friends to news, music, sports, cooking and much, much more.
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|Wish not for treasure you can hold, No gleaming jewels, bright and cold, For finer still than pearl or gold, The treasure of a tale well told...
Lee  Goff|I want to listen to accomplished women scarred by sexism that still walk in elegance and kindness; hear powerful men that have a heart to serve. I want to talk to the brokenhearted that still believe in love; I want to listen to people that laugh even when they hurt. You live God's grace without even knowing it and to me, you're the best of all of us.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|If you love people, you have no desire to judge them.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|The dead and not-yet dead, we are company all together.
John Irving, A Widow for One Year|Because who can describe the look that triggers the memory of loved ones? Who can anticipate the frown, the smile, or the misplaced lock of hair that sends a swift, undeniable signal from the past? Who can ever estimate the power of association, which is always strongest in moments of love and in memories of death?
Karen Azinger, The Skeleton King|Most tales carry a kernel of truth, else they're soon forgotten.
Bill Murray|I think there is a big difference between the music business and music. And my relationship is to music, not music business. I think the business will keep changing, but music won't. Music will be there.
Malcolm Gladwell|When you pay a hospital bill, you're really paying two hospital bills - one bill for you because you have a job and/or insurance and can pay the hospital. and another bill, which is tacked onto your bill, to cover the medical expenses of someone who doesn't have a job and/or insurance and can't pay the hospital.
Clara Barton|It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
Luigi Pirandello|What I hope to do is create a play that investigates the ongoing violence toward women and children in the world, and searches for some kind of answer to the question, 'What Can We Do?'
Cindee Snider Re, Discovering Hope: Beginning the Journey Toward Hope in Chronic Illness|I decided that a story was anything that I made up that kept the reader turning the pages or watching, and did not leave the reader or the viewer feeling cheated at the end.
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|There is no greater power and support you can give someone than to look them in the eye, and with sincerity/conviction say, 'I believe in you.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I couldn't escape him, now or ever. He'd always be there, consuming my every thought, my heart locked in his hands. I was drawn to him by forces I couldn't control, let alone escape.
Benjamin Disraeli|What I like in a good author is not what he says, but what he whispers.
Muse, Enigmatic Evolution|I would write my tears, weeping out my pain - I would empty my veins for ink.
Hugh Jackman|Go up close to your friend, but do not go over to him! We should also respect the enemy in our friend.
Robert Vanleeuwen|Your heart is your life. What keeps you going and what gives you hope. So wherever it leads you, whatever or whoever it lives for. Keep the beat.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|I believe she is Selene, goddess of the moon.""She looks so content.""You sound surprised.""Well," Callie said tentatively, "Selene is not the happiest of stories. After all, she is doomed to love a mortal in eternal sleep."St. John turned at her words, obviously impressed. "Her own fault. She should have known better than to ask favors of Zeus. That particular course of action never ends well.""A truth of which Selene was likely acutely aware upon receiving her favor. I assume that this statue depicts a happy Selene before Zeus meddled.""You forget," St. John said, a teasing gleam in his eye, "she and Endymion did have twenty children despite his somnolence, so she couldn't have been so very unhappy with her situation.""With due respect, my lord," Callie said, "bearing and raising twenty children alone does not sound like the happiest of circumstances. I hardly think she would appear so very rested were this a statue depicting her maternal bliss.
Bill Flores|We were elected to serve our districts, and that demands putting bygones aside. That's what leadership's all about.
L.J. Vanier|When your mind cannot find its way out of its current spectrum of reality, your heart will always guide you along the the path you are seeking. Trust it.
Janette Oke, Love Comes Softly|My name be Clark Davis", he hurried on,"an it peers to me thet you an' me be in need of one another".
Jamie Ford, Songs of Willow Frost|Life is a wave of love for a lover, a gift for a giver, a drama for an actor, and a canvas for a painter.
Frigyes Karinthy, A Journey Round My Skull|My head ached. I was thinking of the pain, and wondering how it was possible for physical agony to be so intense. I had never imagined that such a torture could be endured. Yet here was I, both conscious and able to think clearly. And not only to think, but to observe the process and make calculations about it. The steel circle round my skull was closing in with faint cracking noises. How much farther could it shrink? I counted the cracking sounds. Since I took the triple dose of pain-killer, there had been two more. …I took out my watch and laid it on the table.“Give me morphia,” I said in a calm, hostile, icy tone.“You mustn’t take morphia! You know perfectly well. The very idea! And what are you doing with that watch?”“You will give me morphia within three minutes.”They looked me uneasily up and down. No one moved. Three minutes went by. Then ten more. I slipped the watch calmly into my pocket and rose unsteadily to my feet.“Then take me to the Fiakker Bar. They say it’s a good show, and to-night I want to enjoy myself.”The others jumped up with a feeling of relief.I never confessed the secret to anyone, either then or afterwards. I had made up my mind at the end of those three minutes — for the first and last time in my life — that if my headache had not stopped within the next ten I should throw myself under the nearest tram.It never came out whether I should have kept to my resolve, for the pain left with the suddenness of lighting.
Saunsea|When we own our beliefs, we have clear boundaries. We know what we believe and we know what others believe. There is no confusion. Our identity is strong to us and everyone else.
Mark Valentine, Best New Horror 21|Do you know what it’s like to kill a man? You just pushed a knife into living, moving skin and you realize you pierced a heart that beats against your sharp knife.-Lucas Tyrel
raja shakeel mushtaque|A hard lesson learned recently; when you are not making an income, you must surrender to some out comes.
Ed Rendell|If one has no compass, when one doesn't know where one stands and where one wants to go, one can deduce that one has no leadership or interest in shaping events.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|True Wit is Nature to advantage dress'dWhat oft was thought, but ne'er so well express'd;Something whose truth convinced at sight we find,That gives us back the image of our mind.As shades more sweetly recommend the light,So modest plainness sets off sprightly wit.
Marvin Minsky, The Society of Mind|We shouldn't let our envy of distinguished masters of the arts distract us from the wonder of how each of us gets new ideas. Perhaps we hold on to our superstitions about creativity in order to make our own deficiencies seem more excusable. For when we tell ourselves that masterful abilities are simply unexplainable, we're also comforting ourselves by saying that those superheroes come endowed with all the qualities we don't possess. Our failures are therefore no fault of our own, nor are those heroes' virtues to their credit, either. If it isn't learned, it isn't earned.When we actually meet the heroes whom our culture views as great, we don't find any singular propensities––only combinations of ingredients quite common in themselves. Most of these heroes are intensely motivated, but so are many other people. They're usually very proficient in some field--but in itself we simply call this craftmanship or expertise. They often have enough self-confidence to stand up to the scorn of peers--but in itself, we might just call that stubbornness. They surely think of things in some novel ways, but so does everyone from time to time. And as for what we call "intelligence", my view is that each person who can speak coherently already has the better part of what our heroes have. Then what makes genius appear to stand apart, if we each have most of what it takes?I suspect that genius needs one thing more: in order to accumulate outstanding qualities, one needs unusually effective ways to learn. It's not enough to learn a lot; one also has to manage what one learns. Those masters have, beneath the surface of their mastery, some special knacks of "higher-order" expertise, which help them organize and apply the things they learn. It is those hidden tricks of mental management that produce the systems that create those works of genius. Why do certain people learn so many more and better skills? These all-important differences could begin with early accidents. One child works out clever ways to arrange some blocks in rows and stacks; a second child plays at rearranging how it thinks. Everyone can praise the first child's castles and towers, but no one can see what the second child has done, and one may even get the false impression of a lack of industry. But if the second child persists in seeking better ways to learn, this can lead to silent growth in which some better ways to learn may lead to better ways to learn to learn. Then, later, we'll observe an awesome, qualitative change, with no apparent cause--and give to it some empty name like talent, aptitude, or gift.
Lin Yutang|No one realizes how beautiful it is to travel until he comes home and rests his head on his old, familiar pillow. 
Sherwood Anderson, A Story Teller's Story|We poor tellers of tales have our moments too, it seems. Like great generals sitting upon horses upon the tops of hills and throwing troops into the arena, we throw the little soldier words into our battles.
Elena Ferrante|Of all my old associations, of all my old pursuits and hopes, of all the living and the dead world, this one poor soul alone comes natural to me, and I am fit for.  There is a tie of many suffering years between us two, and it is the only tie I ever had on earth that Chancery has not broken!
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[M]en are put in a sort of guard-post, from which one must not release one's self or run away...
Mark Pettinger, The Decalogue|If you are serious, and you want to make a living as an author, then you need to hustle. Period. If you can't make that quality, then you need to concentrate on your craft and practice more. One other thing, quality comes with practice. If you are prolific, then you become a better writer because you are writing. The more you do anything the better at it you will become. So in a way, quantity does add to quality.
Damien Chazelle|I find L.A. kind of romantic, actually. As a movie junkie, it's a city that was built by the movies. There's something really weird and surreal about it that I find energizing.
Salman Rushdie|The life of this alien city was lived under the cathedral dome of the sky. People ate where the birds could share their food and gambled where any cutpurse could steal their winnings, they kissed in full view of strangers and even fucked in the shadows if they wanted to. What did it mean to be a man so completely among men, and women too? When solitude was banished, did one become more oneself, or less? Did the crowd enhance one's selfhood or erase it?
Rose Christo, Unborn: Three Short Stories|New Orleans, city of roaches, city of decay, city of our family, and of happy, happy people.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Our greatest mistakes, if we look at them, and digest them, and interact with them, and learn from them… they can be the greatest moments of our lives.
Michael Badnarik|Allow the president to invade a neighboring nation whenever he shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion,and you allow him to do so whenever he may choose to say he deems it necessary for such purpose - and you allow him to make war at pleasure.
Kahlil Gibran|And even as each one of you stands alone in God's knowledge, so must each one of you be alone in his knowledge of God and in his understanding of the earth.
Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries|Every woman, hell, every man should be a feminist, that is the only way to render this word obsolete.
Nema Al-Araby|I will never fully understand why things happen the way they do on this planet. Too many people hold their tongue here. Too many people hide their true feelings. And at the end of the day, that does nothing but hurt someone. The men and women of Tamaran were always taught to live by their emotions, to trust that first reaction, as it is the most pure. Cyborg argues that you need time to make the proper decision. I argue that time blurs the true intent. To Earth standards, I may appear brash and rushed. I never hide what I think. Perhaps that is why Tamaran was a target for so many invasions. Our captors may have enjoyed seeing what pain they inflicted upon us, for our tears were never hidden either.
Joyce Rachelle|If you think about life simply as one big waiting room for eternity, who cares if it's not fully air conditioned?
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|...I wondered about the story we were writing and wanted even more to write a better story for myself, something that leaves a beautiful feeling even as the credits roll.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|Everything else has vanished, so you take them now. Maybe if you're the one keeping them, I'll be the one feeling better.
Jessica Fortunato, The Sin Collector|When you can't die, she thought, everything sounds like a clock ticking.
Dean Koontz, Relentless|Evil itself may be relentless. I will grant you that, but love is relentless too. Friendship is a relentless force. Family is a relentless force. Faith is relentless force. The human spirit is relentless, and the human heart outlasts - and can defeat - even the most relentless force of all, which is time.
Miroslav Penkov, East of the West: A Country in Stories|At seventy-one you can't expect to hear a story, any story, and take it as it is. At my age a story stirs up a vortex that sucks into its eye more stories, and spits out still more. I must remember what I must.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|I'm a good liar. A great one. And to be a great liar you have to live your lies, to believe them, to the point that when you tell them to yourself enough times, even what's right before your eyes will bend itself to the falsehood.
Val Uchendu|Every second, the dial of life counts down for everyone; whatever you do be sure it’s worth the time
Nabil N. Jamal|Whether you dream big or dream small, chances are your dream will come true if you believe in it and really work on it.
RVM|Decide to be HAPPY when you start your day. Commit to put JOY in whatever comes your way. You may be hurt by what people say, but don’t let anyone spoil your Day.
Danielle L. Jensen, Stolen Songbird|Without memories,there can be no good or evil. It will exist only indifference!
Núria Añó|Europe, the land of easy mathematics where he who works adds up and he who retires subtracts. The land where the economy gets to stagger all over the continent.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Fewer and fewer families can afford a roof over their head. This is among the most urgent and pressing issues facing America today, and acknowledging the breadth and depth of the problem changes the way we look at poverty. For decades, we’ve focused mainly on jobs, public assistance, parenting, and mass incarceration. No one can deny the importance of these issues, but something fundamental is missing. We have failed to fully appreciate how deeply housing is implicated in the creation of poverty. Not everyone living in a distressed neighborhood is associated with gang members, parole officers, employers, social workers, or pastors. But nearly all of them have a landlord.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|The moment I entered the bright, buzzing lobby of Men’s House I was overcome by a sense of alienation and hostility … The lobby was the meeting place for various groups still caught up in the illusions that had just been boomeranged out of my head: college boys working to return to school down South; older advocates of racial progress with utopian schemes for building black business empires; preachers ordained by no authority except their own, without church or congregation, without bread or wine, body or blood; the community “leaders” without followers; old men of sixty or more still caught up in post-Civil War dreams of freedom within segregation; the pathetic ones who possessed noting beyond their dreams of being gentlemen, who held small jobs or drew small pensions, and all pretending to be engaged in some vast, though obscure, enterprise, who affected the pseudo-courtly manners of certain southern congressmen and bowed and nodded as they passed like senile old roosters in a barnyard; they younger crowd for whom I now felt a contempt such as only a disillusioned dreamer feels for those still unaware that they dream—the business students from southern colleges, for whom business was a vague, abstract game with rules as obsolete as Noah’s Ark but who yet were drunk on finance.
Azelene Williams, Broken Breaking the Silence|Life is full of challenges. In the end, it's getting up that pulls us through the dark days. So we can admire the sunset.
Lucien LaCroix|And we ask ourselves, if there is a God, how can this happen? Better to ask, if there is a God... must it be sane?
Dada Bhagwan|Don’t some people say, ‘You did not value me’? What value did you have at all? Go ask the ocean, ‘what is my worth?’ You will be swept away with one wave. The owner of many waves has swept away many a people like you! Worth is in those people who have no attachment-abhorrence.
Lynn Raye Harris, The Devil's Heart|One day, after practice, he came up behind me, tapped me on the shoulder, and as I turned around, he sucker-punched me and relocated my nose to the other side of my face. What up, Mr. Drum Captain? How's your drumming going, bro? Played any arenas lately?
Sunday Adelaja|We were all created differently, each with his/her calling and purpose
litymunshi|there was times ,every year,days and nights .looked towards people who could be real supports . they did not show up . may be circumstances ,did not allow them . in deep water knowledge without swimming ,I tried to cross as possible at safe place on river bank . came up alone ,unknown events, accidents ,obligations, social dirt and here I am . is it wrong if I take a side seat not to face them as they want to feel good if I am around ? is it wrong _ if I do not want to know about them at all ? simply _no . as they reminds me ,their suggestion could be great help and I could continue the best ,which I messed up trying to learn swimming in river of life. I want to stay away . but those parts want to be with me now everyday .silly . if I give them place to seats ,it will be their place ,if I don't allow that would be my extra more energy to learn swimming further successfully. past never leaves ,when you are doing well at present .what you must ensure_ your own peace of present .
A.E. Via|There is no such thing as forcing someone to be free. My obligation is not to my love for him but rather to what this love represents. My obligation is only to myself. Like two parallel lines running alongside each other, Taymour and I could only ever come together if one of us were to break.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Greek word used in the New Testament to designate a sorcerer or a person who practiced occult magic is “pharmakeus,” or one who mixed drugs and used them to induce spells . . .Such practices are included in the list of “acts of the sinful nature” in Galatians 5:19–21 that God will judge.
Ken Poirot|You would think,' Aedan said, 'that I'd feel good about this-I've grown while he, my old enemy, has shrunk. Yet all I feel is a terrible ache. I pity him, that he has been called by age to surrender his strength.
Malala Yousafzai|I decided to start anew, to strip away what I had been taught.
Michel Reitsma|One of the most striking results of modern investigation has been the way in which several different and quite independent lines of evidence indicate that a very great event occurred about two thousand million years ago. The radio-active evidence for the age of meteorites; and the estimated time for the tidal evolution of the Moon's orbit (though this is much rougher), all agree in their testimony, and, what is far more important, the red-shift in the nebulae indicates that this date is fundamental, not merely in the history of our system, but in that of the material universe as a whole.
Howard Fast|I stressed that I did not want to be treated like a hero. I was only one member of the revolutionary masses who had fulfilled his duty towards his country. It was easy to write, rant, and mobilize people using the internet. The real heroes of this revolution were the people who had died and been injured.
Luke Bryan|We need business to understand its social responsibility, that the main task and objective for a business is not to generate extra income and to become rich and transfer the money abroad, but to look and evaluate what a businessman has done for the country, for the people, on whose account he or she has become so rich.
Robert Silverberg, Dying Inside|I don't understand why anybody old enough to know the score ever gets married, anyway. Why should love require a contract? Why put yourself into the clutches of the state and give it power over you? Why invite lawyers to fuck around with your assets? Marriage is for the immature and the insecure and the ignorant. We who see through such institutions should be content to live together without legal coercion
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Without thinking about it at all, Harry stepped in front of Hermione.There was an intake of breath from behind him, and then a moment later Hermione brushed past and stepped in front of him. "Run, Harry!" she said. "Boys shouldn't have to be in danger.
James R. Clapper|Writing is harder than acting. I enjoy acting for just the brevity with which you can be in the experience of doing it. Writing is kind of more satisfying in that you're creating a world and doing something that feels bigger, but it's very time consuming and has a higher threshold for failure.
Tana French, Faithful Place|The Place would already have started the leisurely, enjoyable process of digesting her into just one more piece of local gore-lore, half ghost story and half morality play, half urban myth and half just the way life goes. It would eat her memory whole, the same way its ground had eaten her body.
Kelseyleigh Reber|That had always been the beauty of the wind. It could only be seen through its actions, its effect on others. A gentle reminder that reality does not only exist in the seeable, the palpable, the understandable, but also in the figments and daydreams, the steadfast beliefs and unexplainable uncertainties. Reality is seen and yet unseen. Wholly and absolutely relative. The wind had taught him that.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Don't think of introversion as something that needs to be cured...Spend your free the way you like, not the way you think you're supposed to.
G.W Lwin|The lesser you are, the more you become...
Sourav Adhikari|The portrait of my parents is a complicated one, but lovingly drawn.
Jerzy Pilch, The Mighty Angel|More wine," Lightsong said, raising his cup."You can't get drunk, Your Grace," Llarimar noted. "Your body is immune to all toxins.""I know," Lightsong said as a lesser servant filled his cup. "But trust me—I'm quite good at pretending.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|Experience is a great teacher, and we were then in her school, and learned that while hope offers the faintest token of refuge, we pause upon the fearful brink of eternity, and look back for rescue.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|This was how girls left. They packed up their suitcases and walked away in high heels. They pretended they weren't crying, that it wasn't the worst day of their lives.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Mindfulness is the bedrock of all spiritual practice. With mindfulness, the simple becomes profound, and the common becomes extraordinary. Without mindfulness, even gold and silver will quickly lose their luster.
Ahmed Zewail|It can have an enormous effect because big budget movies can have big budget perks, and small budget movies have no perks, but what is the driving force, of course, is the script, and your part in it.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|If not for her truly sparkling personality, she would have been doomed.
Lemony Snicket, Why Is This Night Different from All Other Nights?|I stood in the corridor feeling like an angry pebble. It didn't matter where I rolled off to. The mystery and treachery of the world continued, and a pebble like me could get angry over anything it liked and it wouldn't do any good. Librarians not reading, I thought to myself. Sometimes I don't know why I bother.
Paul Auster|The most we can hope for when we write anything is dazzling imperfection. The least we can hope for is accolades from one or two people who don't know us. Spending all afternoon on "the right word" is probably foolish (though I've done it many times), but then again, it may not be. There may be people out there who'll read that nearly-perfect sentence (or paragraph), with its "right word," and they'll nod and smile and say to themselves, "Hey, that's not too bad.
Wordions|But Perfection never appealed to me.It's the beauty and honesty behind imperfections, that I fall in love with.
Martin Luther|If you believe the Bible is true, you ought to know that demons are real. The Bible is filled with references of evil and demons, and Christ repeatedly cast out demons, so I believe the universe is much more complex and mysterious than it may appear to our senses.
Barack Obama|Hope is not blind optimism. It's not ignoring the enormity of the task ahead or the roadblocks that stand in our path. It's not sitting on the sidelines or shirking from a fight. Hope is that thing inside us that insists, despite all evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us if we have the courage to reach for it, and to work for it, and to fight for it. Hope is the belief that destiny will not be written for us, but by us, by the men and women who are not content to settle for the world as it is, who have the courage to remake the world as it should be.
Mae Jemison|Science and technology are a propellant for building a thriving country, and the happiness of the people and the future of the country hinge on their development.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We ought to live heaven on earth, clean environment, the beauty of blissful realms.
Erika Johansen|Few things are more dangerous to an egalitarian ideal than the concept of a chosen people, and the divide drawn by the early iteration of God's Church helped to exacerbate the many ideological faults that already underlay the landscape. When they chips were down, Tear's people were ready to turn on each other, and the fall of the Town was very quick, so quick that this historian wonders whether all such communities are not destined to fail. Our species is capable of altruism, certainly, but it is not a game we play willingly, let alone well
Michael Bassey Johnson|When a woman is romantically subdued, all she does at that moment is under the influence of her desires.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I’ve dreamt in my life dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas: they’ve gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the colour of my mind.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|When we are young, we want to be old and for things to change. When we are old, we want to be young and for things to go back to the way they were.
Jonathan Nolan, Memento mori|You're different. You're more perfect. Time is three things for most people, but for you, for us, just one. A singularity. One moment. This moment. Like you're the center of the clock, the axis on which the hands turn. Time moves about you but never moves you. It has lost its ability to affect you. What is it they say? That time is theft? But not for you. Close your eyes and you can start all over again. Conjure up that necessary emotion, fresh as roses.
Steven Wright|The other night I was lying in bed, looking up at the stars, and I wondered, 'Where the hell is my roof?
Merle Shain|I'm thankful that I have lived long enough to become a legend, and I hope I deserve it.
Kirby Wright, Moloka'i Nui Ahina: Summers on the Lonely Isle|… that sour blend of loneliness and lust for recognition, shyness and extravagance, deep insecurity and self-intoxicated egomania, that drives poets and writers out of their rooms to seek each other out, to rub shoulders with one another, bully, joke, condescend, feel each other, lay a hand on a shoulder or an arm round a waist, to chat and argue with little nudges, to spy a little, sniff out what is cooking in other pots, flatter, disagree, collude, be right, take offence, apologise, make amends, avoid each other, and seek each other’s company again.
Louise Erdrich, The Painted Drum|Are you afraid to die?'Cause it scares the hell outta me,And the end is all I can see,And it scares the hell outta me,That the end is all I can see.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|If you follow the herd, people may mistake you for a cow.
Niels Bohr|Many or few alternatives can be at hand. A wise and skilful choice acts from a sincere effort. Solutions and results come from cooperation, hard work and efficiency. With high intention matched with a flexible, patient heart and proficient action gets best quality and value. As for the restless grumbles raving from unconsciousness of complexity of matters, best be brushed off ducking out wisely from discourtesies.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|A new age dawns, Uttara. The Wheel of Time has turned. Not too long from now – hopefully in our lifetime – Aryavarta will be a janapada, a realm ruled by its people, the largest such in the world!– Abhimanyu Karshni
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|The simple act of putting your truth on paper, only you and your thoughts, is one of the most powerful exercises you can do.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I wanted to tell her not to entertain despair like this. Despair wasn't a guest, you didn't play its favourite music, find it a comfortable chair. Despair was the enemy.
Michael Swanwick, Stations of the Tide|Halt regarded him. He loved Horace like a younger brother. Even like a second son, after will. He admired his skill with a sword and his courage in battle. But sometimes, just sometimes, he felt an overwhelming desire to ram the young warrior's head against a convenient tree.
Sam Harris, Lying|The one undeniable benefit of having spent some time in the closet is that it nurtures a talent that you can fall back on any time: lying convincingly. Sometimes I worried that queer kids in the twenty-first century coming out at twelve, or even younger, would never develop that valuable skill.
Emma J. Bell, The True You: Discover Your Own Way to Success and Happiness by Uncovering Your Authentic Self and Building Remarkable Relationships With Others|Without compassion, you will never truly connect with another human being.
Andres Oliver|I did not get to where I am backstabbing people. If you want what I have, you must earn it like I did.
D.A. Henneman, Sea of Dreams|He understood her affinity to the water, inspiring as it was beautiful, and soothing to the soul. Standing there that morning, he realized he would never be able to look at the ocean again without thinking of her, and somehow he was still comforted by that thought.
Debasish Mridha|If you participate in a competition, you have a chance to lose. If you don’t participate, you are already a loser.
Collleen Hoover|You don't know what it's like to grow up with a mother who never said a positive thing in her life, not about her children or the world, who was always suspicious, always tearing you down and splitting your dreams straight down the seams.
Peter Cameron, Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You|It seemed that everyone else could mate, could fit their parts together in pleasant and productive ways, but that some almost indistinguishable difference in my anatomy and psyche set me slightly, yet irrevocably, apart.
Ice Cube|There is two kinds of music, the good, and the bad. I play the good kind.
Laurel A. Rockefeller, The Ghosts of the Past|The defendant removed his gloves and started toward the victim. Mr. Farley, still teasing, said: “Ooo, he's taking his gloves off.” The defendant then pulled a knife from his pocket and stabbed the victim in the neck. He also stabbed Mr. Farley in the arm as he fell to the floor. Mr. Farley looked up and cried: “Man, I was just kidding around.” The defendant responded: “Well, man, you should have never hit me in my face.
Barry Commoner|The environmental crisis arises from a fundamental fault: our systems of production - in industry, agriculture, energy and transportation - essential as they are, make people sick and die.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|There is no longer waiting for anyone, but for death.
Randy Allen Harris, The Linguistics Wars|We each have our own language.Our own way of thinking, of talking to ourselves, of making sense of the world and putting it in order. A narration style that is ours and ours alone. That's why some of us connect and some of us don't. Because even though we can only live in our own heads, sometimes - every now and then - we meet a person we can talk to without speaking at all: whose story we can read, without even trying.
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|Life is like a dream, when you wake up,you only have memories.
(Alain de Botton)|The rich believe that their money will insulate them from setbacks and frustrations, and that's one of the absurdist expectations of all.
Charmaine J. Forde|You see, the truth is no one ever really falls in love with anyone but themselves. Love is a mirror; a reflective surface projecting who we wish we were. What we've all waiting for is someone to come along who will show us something new about ourselves that we can adore. And then, because someone loves us, in turn, we love ourselves. Does that make sense?
Julie Chen|Words without deeds violates the moral and legal obligation we have under the genocide convention but, more importantly, violates our sense of right and wrong and the standards we have as human beings about looking to care for one another.
Sean Azimov, The True Language Of Love: The Book Of Life|If you cannot change the reality of other people, their reality will become yours.
Costas Taktsis, The Third Wedding|Good design is as little as possible. Less, but better, because it concentrates on the essential aspects,  and the products are not burdened with non-essentials. Back to purity, back to simplicity.
Melinda West Seifert, The Jesus Horse|We work all our lives to be who we become. And, it's who we become that determines what becomes of us.
Yvonne Woon, Life Eternal|. . . And as fall turned to winter, the Darlington peach trees started dropping their leaves again, gently, like they were letting them go. It wasnt the same as giving them up. It wasnt the same as losing them.
Ellen J. Barrier|Respect is a thing earned, not bought, and a man who lets it be known that he seeks respect will probably never see it bestowed.
Richie Norton|Life rises out of death, death rises out of life, in being opposite they yearn to each other, they give birth to each other and are forever reborn. And with them all is reborn, the flower of the apple tree, the light of the stars.
Maria Dahvana Headley, Unnatural Creatures|All due respect to Romeo and Juliet, but I don’t think love is sacrifice at all. Real love is when you let another person make you better. You don’t lose yourself in love—you find yourself there.
George Pólya, How to Solve It: A New Aspect of Mathematical Method|What," "how," "when," etc are all questions more or less common to religion and philosophy. But to ask "why" is a transgression in religion, and this inquiry has undoubtedly taken the heaviest tolls on intellect.
Karl Marx, The German Ideology|[Materialism] seeks the primary and most simple state of matter, and then tries to develop all the others from it; ascending from mere mechanism, to chemism, to polarity, to the vegetable and to the animal kingdom. And if we suppose this to have been done, the last link in the chain would be animal sensibility - that is knowledge - which would consequently now appear as a mere modification or state of matter produced by causality. Now if we had followed materialism thus far with clear ideas, when we reached its highest point we would suddenly be seized with a fit of the inextinguishable laughter of the Olympians. As if waking from a dream, we would all at once become aware that its final result - knowledge, which it reached so laboriously, was presupposed as the indispensable condition of its very starting-point, mere matter; and when we imagined that we thought matter, we really thought only the subject that perceives matter; the eye that sees it, the hand that feels it, the understanding that knows it. Thus the tremendous petitio principii reveals itself unexpectedly.
Assegid Habtewold, Soft Skills That Make or Break Your Success: 12 Soft skills to master self, get along with, and lead others successfully|The best teachers are the ones who give you a hard time, they may not intend it, but you can intend to learn!!!
Ari Gold, The Gold Standard: Rules to Rule By|Why are babies allowed to cry when they wake up, but adults crying when they wake is frowned upon? Babies are permitted to act like assholes whenever they feel like it and no one blinks...
Marie Corelli|Perhaps one central reason for loving dogs is that they take us away from this obsession with ourselves. When our thoughts start to go in circles, and we seem unable to break away, wondering what horrible event the future holds for us, the dog opens a window into the delight of the moment.
Abdourahman A. Waberi|In your opinion, where do private and political life, personal history and History meet? You know the answer, Maya. You say it unhesitatingly - in art and literature.
Elie Wiesel, Open Heart|We must choose between the violence of adults and the smiles of children, between the ugliness of hate and the will to oppose it. Between inflicting suffering and humiliation on our fellow man and offering him the solidarity and hope he deserves. Or not.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|To err is human, to forgive, divine.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|Wetikos can psychopathically (and thus toxically) mimic the human personality perfectly. If it serves their agenda, they can be convincing beyond belief, making themselves out to be normal, caring, politically correct human beings. They can endlessly talking about taking responsibility, but they never genuinely face up to and become accountable for their actions. They are unable to genuinely mourn, being only concerned with themselves. They will feign grief, however, just as they will try to appear compassionate, if it is politically expedient to do so and, hence, to their advance, they are master manipulators.
Lance Mannion|…I am certain of this one truth: men can achieve closeness without intimacy, while women can achieve intimacy without closeness.For example, Bobbie knows every intimate detail of her dental hygienist’s private life. She doesn’t have a close relationship with her, but she knows more about the woman who cleans her teeth twice a year than I do about most of the guys I play basketball with every week. And still I feel a closeness with every one of them. Maybe it’s because I don’t know too much.
Chris DiCroce, Burning Man|Knowing it--knowing it's true is one thing, but believing what you know... well, there's the tough part.
Anton Chekhov|And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe.
Mikhail Bakunin|When God hands you a gift, he also hands you a whip; and the whip is intended for self-flagellation solely.
Antoine De Saint Exupery|Love is not about staring at each other, but staring off in the same direction.
Joyce Carol Oates, Marriages and Infidelities|But he doesn't love her. I invented that. It is a plot if you imagine people in love--the lazy looping criss crosses of love, blows, stares, tears. No. It doesn't happen. No love. People meet, touch, stare into one another's faces, shake their heads clear, move on, forget. It doesn't happen.
Lawrence Joseph, Lawyerland: An Unguarded, Street-Level Look At Law & Lawyers Today|That's what everyone thinks--they think being a cop is about punishing people for doing wrong. But that's not true. You know it isn't. It's about believing in people, believing in the good. In the will of people to do what's right despite their own instincts.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The three great elemental sounds in nature are the sound of rain, the sound of wind in a primeval wood, and the sound of outer ocean on a beach.
Jennifer Shirk, The Role of a Lifetime|I have to tell you hon, I don't mind a little teasing now and then, but I'm no masochist and I'm sure as hell no saint...here lately, being around you is agony.
Zac Posen|I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values.
L.H. Thomson, The Antique Hunters|I'm English. We're about as tactful as a hot poker up the bum, most of the time.
Kare Anderson, Mutuality Matters More Living a Happy, Meaningful and Satisfying Life With Others|People are far more revealing by the questions they ask than the answer they give. To get closer to understanding what is really on someone’s mind, answer their questions briefly so they ask follow-up questions. By their third question you’ll get a glimpse of their biggest fear or desire on the topic.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Maintain your integrity! Live life in such a way that when another person tells his or her truth, you'll not be committed for blame.
Dan Roam, The Back of the Napkin: Solving Problems and Selling Ideas with Pictures|Each problem that I solved became a rule, which served afterwards to solve other problems.
Noah Levine, Dharma Punx: A Memoir|The truth is, going against the internal stream of ignorance is way more rebellious than trying to start some sort of cultural revolution.
Kiersten Fay, A Wicked Hunger|She relaxed a bit—well, as much as one could relax while being half-naked and bleeding in front of a vampire. She was the picture of a tasty meal to one such as he.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|Beware, William of Mercia, you heeded not our warnings and you can no longer turn back, but the path ahead is strewn with danger, to you, and to those who travel with you. This is but the beginning. The legions of the underworld await you, armies will seek to destroy you, but only you can know the true course.
Lynn Cullen, Mrs. Poe|Greed and our food supply. It is greed that compels dairymen to skim every bit of goodness from milk to make other products and then to fill the swill left with chalk and sell it at profit. Greed tempts butchers to grind up the meat of sick cows with well ones and mix it into sausage along with offal and dung to extend the amount of 'meat' that they can sell. Greed motivates bakers to use flour devoid of the wheat germ and the nutritious outer husk and to add alum and chlorine to make bread look whiter and to cook faster. Americans are being poisoned, all in the name of profit, producing a weak-minded race of people who are given to lust and desire.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Little House on the Prairie|One day in the woods he met an Indian. They stood in the wet, cold woods and looked at each other, and they could not talk because they did not know each other's words.
J.A. London, Darkness Before Dawn|For some reason, I thought Victor could heal that wound better than anyone else. It's strange to think that this vampire, the embodiment of all my hatred, could act like a suture.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|He gave me the brochure. It was about the Hunters of Artemis. The front read, A WISE CHOICE FOR YOUR FUTURE! Inside were pictures of young maidens doing hunter stuff, chasing monsters, shooting bows. There were captions like: HEALTH BENEFITS: IMMORTALITY AND WHAT IT MEANS FOR YOU! and A BOY-FREE TOMORROW!"I found that in Annabeth's backpack," Grover said.I stared at him. "I don't understand.""Well, it seems to me… maybe Annabeth was thinking about joining."I'd like to say I took the news well.The truth was, I wanted to strangle the Hunters of Artemis one eternal maiden at a time.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|People are unlearning certain things, and they do well, provided that, while unlearning them they learn this: There is no vacuum in the human heart. Certain demolitions take place, and it is well that they do, but on condition that they are followed by reconstructions.
Elizabeth Peters, Seeing a Large Cat|Most people, when they move, well they just move depending on whatever's around them. At this very moment, as I am writing, Constitution the cat is going by with her tummy dragging close to the floor. This cat has absolutely nothing constructive to do in life and still she is heading toward something, probably an armchair.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|A deep soul lives in conscious awareness of eternity, not simply today.
W. H. Auden|Even when a person has all of life's comforts - good food, good shelter, a companion - he or she can still become unhappy when encountering a tragic situation.
Matia ben Ephraim, The Wizard of Kharathad|Have you ever trained a girl to become a semizard?"	"In all my years here?" He shook his auburn-tailed head slightly. "No."	"Can't women use magic?"	Smiling faintly that he had caught onto that, the wizard replied, "They already do.
Harlan Coben, The Final Detail|Random lines, Beyond the Darkness: "Playing 'tag, you're it' against a car is a bad idea.
Emma Donoghue, Room|Goodbye, Room." I wave up at Skylight. "Say goodbye," I tell Ma. "Goodbye, Room."Ma says it but on mute.I look back one more time. It's like a crater, a hole where something happened. Then we go out the door.
Denise Jaden, Losing Faith|What's even more messed up than funerals, is the way people treat you after the funeral. Like you're diseased or something.
Parmenides|We can speak and think only of what exists. And what exists is uncreated and imperishable for it is whole and unchanging and complete. It was not or nor shall be different since it is now, all at once, one and continuous.
Jenny Lawson|My father was a newspaper editor, so I was surrounded by journalists my entire life. I think the fact that he was so well known may be why I chose to go into magazines and move to the States at a young age.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, do you really believe in the second chance?Master of Stupidity: That supports the basis of lost-then-found concept.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I knew that Jessie and I were going to be okay; I knew we were all going to be okay. And I had faith that wherever our individual paths led us would be exactly where we were always meant to be. For a girl that had never believed in anything, this realization meant everything.
Elizabeth Marvel|When you gaze at stars and think about planets, the places it takes your imagination are amazing! You look up the sky, and you know the stars have always been here; they were referenced in biblical times and have always been present. They are somewhere up there in the future, and they guide you; they make you feel safe.
H.A.L. Fisher, History of Europe: v. 1|Men wiser and more learned than I have discerned in history a plot, a rhythm, a predetermined pattern. These harmonies are concealed from me. I can see only one emergency following upon another as wave follows upon wave, only one great fact with respect to which, since it is unique, there can be no generalizations; only one safe rule for the historian: that he should recognize in the development of human destinies the play of the contingent and the unforeseen.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Windy Poplars|Dying is a dull, dreary affair. my advice is that you have nothing whatever to with it.
Mother Teresa|Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Have the vision to create something wonderful, something that has true value forever.
James     Baldwin|It does seem - well, difficult - to be at the mercy of some gross, unshaven stranger before you can begin to be yourself.
Thomas Jefferson|And, if you'll investigate the history of science, my dear boy, I think you'll find that most of the really big ideas have come from intelligent playfulness. All the sober, thin-lipped concentration is really just a matter of tidying up around the fringes of the big ideas.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|Sit in a room and read--and read and read. And read the right books by the right people. Your mind is brought onto that level, and you have a nice, mild, slow-burning rapture all the time.
Andrea Bocelli|There are checks and balances and broad separation of powers under the Constitution. Each organ of the State, i.e. the legislature, the executive and the judiciary, must have respect for the others and not encroach into each other's domain.
Sergio Chejfec, The Planets|For a long time, we assume we know who we are, until the moment we fully realize who that is; in that moment, identity is no longer predictable, but rather takes the form of a truth that, like any other, can become a sentence with no more than a change of perspective.
Filipus Liandy Ciptan|In high altitude astronomical facilities we routinely discharged large amounts of nitrogen gas into closed spaces. We were never informed by the astronomy management team about the abnormally low oxygen environments that the use of liquid nitrogen creates, how long term exposure to it manifests itself in human health and the resulting abnormal mental behaviors.
Charles Colton|When we fail, our pride supports us, and when we succeed it betrays us.
Brian K. Vaughan, Runaways, Vol. 1: Pride and Joy|Finn stood abruptly. "We need to follow 'em."	"But aren't they followin' us? If we go after them, the five of us will be goin' around in circles.
Jack Carew|If I did sales - my technique would be to hand-seal each deal with gourmet omelets, by Jarod Kintz's secret invisible recipe that I stole.
G.K. Chesterton|11 And he said, Go forth, and stand upon the mount before the Lord. And, behold, the Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the Lord; but the Lord was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the Lord was not in the earthquake: 12 And after the earthquake a fire; but the Lord was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice. 13 And it was so, when Elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out, and stood in the entering in of the cave. And, behold, there came a voice unto him, and said, What doest thou here, Elijah?
Matshona Dhliwayo|The storm is the optimist’s friend, but the pessimist’s nightmare.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|Has modern society lost a measure of its spiritual awareness because we take so little time to walk? In not allowing ourselves time to slow down, to be close to the earth around us, have we become impervious to a God who chooses to reveal Himself through His creation?
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|God never taught us to live like TV DINNERS in a freezer: Together, but totally separate. #community
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|If you truly want to pursue and achieve the success you were created for, you must recognize the role of vision, the significance of dreams and the power of actions without which you are just making a living.
Max de Pree|When Henry Ford made cheap, reliable cars people said, 'Nah, what's wrong with a horse?' That was a huge bet he made, and it worked.
Paul Feig|Dating in college and dating in Hollywood are actually really similar in that the relationships don't last long. Other than that, lots of people in Hollywood tend to be narcissistic, and it's hard to have a relationship with someone like that.
Laura Esquivel|Just like you need to strengthen your core physically with exercise, you also need to strength your core spiritually.
Alin Sav|So maybe today you have a bad day. Tomorrow another one. But the day after tomorrow will be the worst, if you don´t get up and do something with your life.
Virginia Postrel|Though we may have desires or bold goals, for whatever reason, most of us don't think we can achieve something beyond what we're qualified to achieve. Why, I ask, do we let reality interfere with our dreams?
Markus Zusak, Underdog|My own eyes try to sleep, but they don't. They stay wide awake as time snarls forward and silence drops down, like measured thought.
Quentin Crisp|The British do not expect happiness. I had the impression, all the time that I lived there, that they do not want to be happy; they want to be right.
Hafiz, The Illustrated Hafiz - A Selection of Ghazals from His Divan|Every child has known God,Not the God of names,Not the God of don'ts,Not the God who ever doesAnything weird,But the God who knows only 4 wordsAnd keeps repeating them, saying:"Come Dance with Me."Come Dance.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|One English nobleman and statesman read and reread a particular work of literature because it was "the only book which allowed him to forget politics.
Katie McGarry, Long Way Home|I promise I'll protect you now. I won't let them touch you again. " "I know you'll try." I can do more than try.
Ufuoma Apoki|I try as much as possible to keep pushing myself beyond my limits, those set by myself, and those by others, to see how much lies within. He said nothing is impossible and I truly believe Him. Once in while I go beyond . . . More often than not, I get pretty burned and decline to tend to my sores in solitude, whilst trying the best I can to find out why I burned so bad.Other times, I surprise myself at the power within has been lying dormant probably out of ignorance or out of fear.Either ways, I learn . . .And probably that is the most significant thing to be gleaned out of every experience.
Samantha Hunt, Mr. Splitfoot|For in Mexico, ladies and gentlemen, it's always high noon and what glows is fuchsia and what's dead is dead and no feather-dusters.
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|My mother once told me that you had to trust that the first thing out of a person's mouth was the truth. After they have a chance to think about it, they'll change what they say to be more socially acceptable, something they think you'll be happier with, something they think will get the results they want.
Megan Bostic, Never Eighteen|What if I just want to die?""Then I will be sad and disappointed that you cheated yourself out of your chance at existence. Not all of us have that opportunity, you know, to choose life.
Rudiger Dornbusch|Even in recent times, the empirical evidence does not support the claim that trade liberalization or incentive neutrality leads to faster growth. It is true that higher manufacturing growth rates have been typically associated with higher export growth rates (mostly in countries where export and import shares to GDP grew), but there is no statistical relation between either of these growth rates or degree of trade restrictions. Rather, almost all of successful export-oriented growth has come with selective trade and industrialization policies. In this regard, stable exchange rates and national price levels seem to be considerably more important than import policy in producing successful export-oriented growth
Lailah Gifty Akita|We cannot run away from our problems. We have to pray for strength to conquer,
Heather James, Things A Mother Should Know: For The World's Most Important Mum|Today and onwards, I stand proud, for the bridges I've climbed, for the battles I've won, and for the examples I've set, but most importantly, for the person I have become. I like who I am now, finally, at peace with me...
Chris Van Hollen|Consider this: I can go to Antarctica and get cash from an ATM without a glitch, but should I fall ill during my travels, a hospital there could not access my medical records or know what medications I am on.
YUSUF OLATUNJI ACUMEN|Dont eat to be fool,eat to be strong....
George Bernard Shaw|Honestly, being a 5'11" quarterback, not too many people think that you can play in the National Football League. And so for me, you know, I knew that my height doesn't define my skill set, you know? I believed in my talent. I believed in what God gave me. I believed in the knowledge that I have of the game.
Alisa Hope Wagner|We can love anyone at a safe distance, but loving people in the thick of their mess takes the supernatural love of Jesus working in us.
Nicholas Carr, The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains|Hitting "like" on a social media platform is the modern day version of clapping at the end of a performance.
Amy Chua|I’m not holding myself out as a model, but I do believe that we in America can ask more of children than we typically do, and they will not only respond to the challenge, but thrive.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|A city is not adorned by external things, but by the virtue of those who dwell in it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Rich or poor, the same breath of life.
The Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows|As long as we can love each other, and remember the feeling of love we had, we can die without ever really going away. All the love you created is still there. All the memories are still there You live on--in the hearts of everyone you have touched and nurtured while you were here..... Death ends a life, not a relationship" -Morrie Schwartz
Molly Friedenfeld|From the outset, Protestantism rejected the critical medieval distinction between the 'sacred' and 'secular' orders. While this position can easily be interpreted as a claim for the desacralization of the sacred, it can equally well be understood as a claim for the sacralization of the secular. As early as 1520, Luther had laid the fundamental conceptual foundations for created sacred space within the secular. His doctrine of the 'priesthood of all believers' asserted that there is no genuine difference of status between the 'spiritual' and the 'temporal' order. All Christians are called to be priests - and can exercise that calling within the everyday world. The idea of 'calling' was fundamentally redefined: no longer was it about being called to serve God by leaving the world; it was now about serving God in the world.
Carla H. Krueger|I have come here not to find answers, but to find a way to live in a world without any.
Miya13|Love is not a Subject, but it has some great lessons..!
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|Something clicked inside Ortez mind, like the bolt of a door latch being released. Man’s first encounter with sentient alien life was a disaster called the Gimp War in the history books. The aliens simply began an all out onslaught without any warning. Fortunately the Human race proved a little more difficult to dispose of than the aliens thought. The Gimp, or Ruminarii as they were called, were driven off and hadn’t been heard from since. Their origins were still a mystery. This was not a Ruminarii ship, but this encounter might have similar repercussions. And Commander Dayne Ortez aged 26, realized the meaning of this.
Rachel Sklar|My 50th birthday approaching felt like a big milestone to me. I've lived half a century. If I write about food and use my life as a fulcrum to move the story along, maybe I've lived long enough to fashion a narrative that has a happy ending.
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|We were the only humans - the only forms of life, in fact - for hundreds of miles in each direction, unreaching and unreachable as we rocketed back towards civilisation.
Romano Guardini, The Lord|To those who say there is no God, you must seek to find Him. Deut. 4:29.
Guy Sajer, The Forgotten Soldier|No time to spare: the expression assumed its full significance, as so many expressions do in wartime.
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|We clean our plates, yet we’re still famished—starving for something other than food.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|It wasn't always like this. There was a time when I imagined my life could happen in another way. It's true that early on I became used to the long hours I spent alone. I discovered that I did not need people as others did. After writing all day it took an effort to make conversation, like wading through cement, and often I simply chose not to make it, eating at a restaurant with a book or going for long walks alone instead, unwinding the solitude of the day through the city. But loneliness, true loneliness, is impossible to accustom oneself to, and while I was still young I thought of my situation as somehow temporary, and did not stop hoping and imagining that I would meet someone and fall in love... Yes, there was a time before I closed myself off to others.
Matthew Vaughn|Ultimately, if you look at all my films from 'Bloody Sunday' on, they're steeped in a post-9/11 atmosphere. 'United 93' is directly about 9/11, of course, but every one of the movies deals with paranoia, mistrust, and fear.
Rick Smolan|I've been lucky enough to travel widely. When you're based in Europe, it's very easy to go to Madrid or Budapest for the weekend. I also lived in Italy for ten years and now live in Ireland.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|God, who knows me by name, [is] right next to me.
C. JoyBell C.|Many things that don't really mean so much of anything, are wonderful.
Abby Geni, The Lightkeepers|To remember is to rewrite. To photograph is to replace. The only reliable memories, I suppose, are the ones that have been forgotten. They are the dark rooms of the mind. Unopened, untouched, and uncorrupted.
Woodson Merrell, The Detox Prescription: Supercharge Your Health, Strip Away Pounds, and Eliminate the Toxins Within|Gratitude is a vaccine, an antitoxin, and an antiseptic.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|When we suspect that we are appropriate targets for hurt, it does not take much for us to believe that someone or something is out to hurt us
Shaquille O'Neal|As athletes, we're used to reacting quickly. Here, it's 'come, stop, come, stop.' There's a lot of downtime. That's the toughest part of the day.
Mikl Paul, Dandelions That have Held your Breath|I knew it was a day of endings, one way or another.
Michael Symon|If you think about a Thanksgiving dinner, it's really like making a large chicken.
Crystal Evans|The people who don't give you a standing ovation for the hurdles you cross are just afraid that you might win the race. They do not cheer you but they sit, lurking on the sidelines, biting their fingernails hoping you will stumble before the end. They secretly wish you will never win this race. But watch out for them, they will be the firstto stand and cheer you when you stand on that podium of success.
Joyce Meyer|Our redemption through the suffering of Christ is that deeper love within us which not only frees us from slavery to sin, but also secures for us the true liberty of the children of God, in order that we might do all things out of love rather than out of fear - love for him that has shown us such grace that no greater can be found.
Mrs. Oliphant, Miss Marjoribanks|Dear Mrs Chiley," said Lucilla, "it doesn't matter in the least what you wear; there are only to be gentlemen, you, know, and one never dresses for gentlemen. (...) Their vanity is something dreadful-but it is one of my principles never to dress unless there are ladies.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Stormie Omartian, Choose Love: The Three Simple Choices That Will Alter the Course of Your Life|God’s power and love don’t fade, nor does His presence, but we cannot tap into it as fully when we don’t have praise and worship toward Him in our heart
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|When I was three years old, my dad bought me my first drum set.
Audrey Hepburn|I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Are you in fashion? You look like you're in fashion.""No," [Magnus] said. "I am fashion.
Seth Godin, Poke the Box|I never changed after that. I sought for nothing in the one great source of change which is humanity. And even in my love and absorption with the beauty of the world, I sought to learn nothing that could be given back to humanity. I drank of the beauty of the world as a vampire drinks. I was satisfied. I was filled to the brim. But I was dead. And I was changeless.
William Shakespeare, Richard III|Sin, death, and hell have set their marks on him,And all their ministers attend on him.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your real secret hiding place is not a dark cave, it is not a dusky forest, it is not a desolate house in the middle of nowhere but your real secret hiding place is always your own mind! Every person ultimately hides himself over there, in his own mind!
Spike Jonze|According to my mother, there pretty much wasn't anything I wouldn't eat as a child. Not just try, but eat. I was even inclined to dig into stuff about which she expressed open disgust - lobster and other shellfish, and cheap Chinese food with pepper so hot it made your gums feel like a medieval dentist had been at them.
Dorothy Gravelle, Paradox Love|I'd have your back off-site too, if you'd let me." ~Cain, Ghost of You
Wayne Jacobsen, So You Don't Want to Go to Church Anymore: An Unexpected Journey|If I were you," he said with a wink and a smile as his eyes swept over those who's started the discussion, "I would waste far less time ragging on religion and find out just how much Jesus wants to be your friend without any strings attached. He will care for you and if given a chance will become more real to you than your best friend, and you will cherish him more than anything else you desire. He will give you a purpose and a fullness of life that will carry you through every stress and pain and will change you from the inside to show you what true freedom and joy really are.
Yves Behar|Juicero is the first company to make cold-pressed juice something that people can make themselves at home. The challenges to design and engineer a press that can deliver 8,000 pounds of force are tremendous.
Emma Bonino|Violent crime is a solved problem - all they have to do is repeal the laws that keep those intelligent, capable, and responsible men and women from arming themselves, and violent crime evaporates like dry ice on a hot summer day.
Jeffrey Fry|Too much fame, money or alcohol can make you stupid
David Sedaris, Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls|I asked her, dreamily, if we had met, and when she told me that we had not, I gave her a little finger wave, the type a leprechaun might offer a pixie who was floating by on a maple leaf. "Well, hi there," I whispered.
James Mercer|My attitudes have changed, but somebody would have to read all my books to find out how they have.
Marie-Louise von Franz|My God, these Feeling types! ... Sensitive people are just tyrannical people - everybody else has to adapt to them.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE OLD MAN IN THE CORNERThe man in the cornerIs dying with wordsHe's crying to be heardHis days are markedAnd his only ears are birdsHe knows the secret to peaceAnd his experience bleeds and hurtsSomebody stop and listenBefore he departs the earth!Somebody write his thoughtsBefore he hits the turf!His eyes are closing their shuttersAnd he just dropped hisBeads and stick.His breath is leaving us.Please!Somebody hear him out quick!A little girl rushes to him andPicks up his cane of wood.The old man then turns to herAnd faintly whispers,"The key to peace isTo always stay fairAnd be good.
Jim George|Everything God does—past, present, or future, whether in grace or in judgment—is to reveal His glory.
Michelle Sorensen, Making the Old New Again and Again: Legitimation and Innovation in the Tibetan Buddhist Chöd Tradition|So, without telling any of my Zen-snob buddies, I liked to pretend everything was the Pure Land, that my life was already perfect as it was.
Mahnaz Afkhami, Faith and Freedom: Women's Human Rights in the Muslim World|Always allow your childlike wonder, joy, gratitude, love and laughter to serve as your own soul's tool kit for life's most difficult challenges.
Pema Chödrön, Always Maintain a Joyful Mind: And Other Lojong Teachings on Awakening Compassion and Fearlessness [Book and CD]|It's bad to grow old before your time. It's worse to not grow at all within your mind,
Logan Keys|Those eyes, they were my own kind of madness
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|I feel how little it concerns me, everything that’s called "the world," and how grand and exciting what I privately call the world is to me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Let the study of the Bible become central in your life—not just so you will know it, but that you will obey it.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|I dread the beginning of her new life more than words can tell, but I see some hope for her if she travels - none if she remains at home.
Liz Weber, Something Needs to Change Around Here|Leadership is about what’s right for the organization, not what feels right for the leader.
Jaco Van Dormael, Mr. Nobody|{...]I began to feel tears of frustration build up in my eyes, yearning to free themselves from their glandular prisons.
bell hooks, Talking Back: Thinking Feminist, Thinking Black|A significant number of people believe tribal people still live and dress as they did 300 years ago. During my tenure as principal chief of the Cherokee Nation, national news agencies requesting interviews sometimes asked if they could film a tribal dance or if I would wear traditional tribal clothing for the interview. I doubt they asked the president of the United States to dress like a pilgrim for an interview.
Jovan Dučić|Women do not admit to the past, they mourn for past even less. They grab from each moment anything they can reach.
Amal Sagheer|i'm too lazy to go find happiness,but i'm sure it will swing by sometime
Susan Sontag|You can only write regularly if you’re willing to write badly… Accept bad writing as a way of priming the pump, a warm-up exercise that allows you to write well.
Kele Moon, Crossing the Line|Wyatt knew with absolute conviction Clay didn't mean it. They didn't suffer through two very painful concussions together to walk the other way once they'd healed up. Those were battle wounds. It was like surviving a war together. Wyatt just chose to forget they'd been on opposing sides. He knew Clay was supposed to be his best friend. It felt like destiny. Just like he knew he was supposed to grow up, be sheriff, and marry Tabitha McMillen.
Darren Shan, The Thin Executioner|A world without pain, loss, betrayal, hate, death, loneliness? Impossible!
|I don't aim to be the most important person in the world. I strive to constantly do my best, so as to manifest the best in me.
Terry Crowley, An Introduction to Historical Linguistics|It seems that in almost all societies, the attitudes that people have to language change is basically the same. People everywhere tend to say that the older form of a language is in some sense 'better' than the form that is being used today.
President John F. Kennedy|The very word "secrecy" is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings...Our way of life is under attack. Those who make themselves our enemy are advancing around the globe...no war ever posed a greater threat to our security. If you are awaiting a finding of "clear and present danger," then I can only say that the danger has never been more clear and its presence has never been more imminent...For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence–on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific and political operations. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headlined. Its dissenters are silenced, not praised. No expenditure is questioned, no rumor is printed, no secret is revealed.
Shawn Achor|You stop accepting yourself and stop connecting three realms of the triangle of awareness within you. You fail to realize that this is mistaken notion that "a lighter you is a happier you" isn't making you happier at all.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure.
E.E. Cummings|i like my body when it is with yourbody. It is so quite new a thing.Muscles better and nerves more.i like your body. i like what it does,i like its hows. i like to feel the spineof your body and its bones, and the trembling-firm-smooth ness and which i willagain and again and againkiss, i like kissing this and that of you,i like, slowly stroking the, shocking fuzzof your electric fur, and what-is-it comesover parting flesh ... And eyes big love-crumbs,and possibly i like the thrillof under me you so quite new.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Or… maybe I’m not going crazy. “Maybe I’m some sort of android-cyborg-clone-thing, and I’m just breaking down.I’m not sure which way is worse.Dad laughs. “You’re not in your right mind, dear,” he says. “No, no, no, you’re not.”And then——Silence.Dad fades away. The reverie chair disappears.There’s just blackness. I remember then that I am in the reverie of something dead. Whatever that thing was, it was dead.And, just as I’m starting to wonder if, perhaps, I have died, too, I see a light, far away in the corner of the dreamscape. The light isn’t soft; it’s not glowing. It crackles like silent lightning, burning with electricity, sparks flying out and fizzling in the dark.I don’t know why—it makes no sense, the way dreams often don’t—but I want to touch the light.So I do.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|Autumn...the year's last, loveliest s
M.J. Chrisman|All life is bound to a simple truth... that time goes on, that in each person's life begins a tale, a tale that will either end in memory or in legend.
Kaitlin Scott, For Danny|I love you more than life itself, Arodi, you mean everything to me. I'm lost without you. I swear by all that is holy and sacred to me that I will never leave you, and I won't die on you. I'm never going to leave you alone.
Margaret Mitchell|In a weak moment, I have written a book.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|A revival does two things. First, it returns the Church from her backsliding and second, it causes the conversion of men and women; and it always includes the conviction of sin on the part of the Church. What a spell the devil seems to cast over the Church today!
Vilém Flusser, Towards a Philosophy of Photography|The task of a philosophy of photography is to reflect upon this possibility of freedom - and thus its significance - in a world dominated by apparatuses; to reflect upon the way in which, despite everything, it is possible for human beings to give significance to their lives in the face of the chance necessity of death. Such a philosophy is necessary because it is the only form of revolution left open to us.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Marriage can wait, education cannot.
David Morehouse, Psychic Warrior: The True Story of America's Foremost Psychic Spy and the Cover-Up of the CIA's Top-Secret Stargate Program|Why are our people going out there,” said Mr. Boggis of the Thieves’ Guild.Because they are showing a brisk pioneering spirit and seeking wealth and … additional wealth I na new land,” said Lord Vetinari.“What’s in it for the Klatchians?” said Lord Downey.“Oh, they’ve gone out there because they are a bunch of unprincipled opportunists always ready to grab something for northern,” said Lord Vetinari.“A mastery summation, if I may say so, my lord,” said Mr. Burleigh. The Patrician looked down again at his notes. “Oh, I do beg your pardon, I seem to have read those last to sentences in the wrong order…
Haile Selassie|In the 2000 presidential election, Al Gore got more votes than George W. Bush, but still lost the election. The Supreme Court's ruling in Florida gave Bush that pivotal state, and doomed Gore to lose the Electoral College. That odd scenario - where the candidate with the most votes loses - has happened three times in U.S. history.
Ann Cotton|So long as the global economy continues to recover, that remains Obama's No. 1 claim to successful leadership. Nothing else even comes close.
Gangai Victor, The Worship Kenbook|If Jesus is not the focus, the worship is bogus.
Geoffrey Chaucer|Sometimes, you can try all you want to change something, but no matter what you do, nothing will change. The key is to at least know that you tried to make a difference.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am not the sum total of my accomplishments, for no matter how much I exhaust myself acquiring those accomplishments, the sum total of them will always be far too trifling to ever reflect my true value. My value rests in the fact that I am an accomplishment of God so incalculably valuable that He gave up Himself rather than give me up.
Charlotte Eriksson|I think I’m learningthat sometimes the bravest thing is not to face the world,but to turn away from it.
Victoria Principal|If you look at landscape in historical terms, you realize that most of the time we have been on Earth as a species, what has fallen on our retina is landscape, not images of buildings and cars and street lights.
Erin Kellison, Shadow Touched|The Segue Institute was the preeminent research organization for all things paranormal and it was housed in a haunted, renovated turn of-the-century hotel. The place was supposedly loaded with what the scientists there called Shadow, capital S, a scary word for magic. Dark magic.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Blue Mars|The triviality of the current scene usually put her off, but now she supposed that the politics of the moment always looked petty and stupid; only later did it take on the look of respectable statecraft, of immutable History.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|A thing which I regret, and which I will try to remedy some time, is that I have never in my life planted a walnut. Nobody does plant them nowadays—when you see a walnut it is almost invariably an old tree. If you plant a walnut you are planting it for your grandchildren, and who cares a damn for his grandchildren?
Menachem Begin|There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
Michael Grant, Gone|You’re angry at me,” she says.I stop crying at once. My whole body goes cold and still. She squats down beside me, and even though I’m careful not to look up, not to look at her at all, I can feel her, can smell the sweat from her skin and hear the ragged pattern of her breathing.“You’re angry at me,” she repeats, and her voice hitches a little. “You think I don’t care.”Her voice is the same. For years I used to imagine that voice lilting over those forbidden words: I love you. Remember. They cannot take it. Her last words to me before she went away.She shuffles forward and squats next to me. She hesitates, then reaches out and places her palm against my cheek, and turns my head toward hers so I’m forced to look at her. I can feel the calluses on her fingers.In her eyes, I see myself reflected in miniature, and I tunnel back to a time before she left, before I believed she was gone forever, when her eyes welcomed me into every day and shepherded me, every night, into sleep.“You turned out even more beautiful than I’d imagined,” she whispers. She, too, is crying.The hard casement inside me breaks.“Why?” is the only word that comes. Without intending to or even thinking about it, I allow her to draw me against her chest, let her wrap her arms around me. I cry into the space between her collarbones, inhaling the still-familiar smell of her skin.There are so many things I need to ask her: What happened to you in the Crypts? How could you let them take you away? Where did you go? But all I can say is: “Why didn’t you come for me? After all those years—all that time—why didn’t you come?” Then I can’t speak at all; my sobs become shudders.“Shhh.” She presses her lips to my forehead, strokes my hair, just like she used to when I was a child. I am a baby once again in her arms—helpless and needy. “I’m here now.”She rubs my back while I cry. Slowly, I feel the darkness drain out of me, as though pulled away by the motion of her hand. Finally I can breathe again. My eyes are burning, and my throat feels raw and sore. I draw away from her, wiping my eyes with the heel of my hand, not even caring that my nose is running. I’m suddenly exhausted—too tired to be hurt, too tired to be angry. I want to sleep, and sleep.“I never stopped thinking about you,” my mother says. “I thought of you every day—you and Rachel.
Neil Shubin, Your Inner Fish: A Journey into the 3.5-Billion-Year History of the Human Body|I’ll give you a theory: Man’s closest relative is not the chimpanzee, as the TV people believe, but is, in fact, the dog.
Mohith Agadi|By worrying about the future, We will convolute our present lives.
Alex Berenson|African runners regularly work out in the United States and Europe, and the International Olympic Committee sends some of the cash from the Games to Olympic committees in poor nations, which use the money to finance their own programs.
Sara Zarr|I hope the people remember Dolce & Gabbana for the sensuality, for the Mediterranean sense, for our honesty to the life.
Stacy Schiff|I very much admired Lancaster. George Clooney reminds me of him today. Not all the macho, swinging around that Burt used to do, but the courage. You know where you stand with men like that.
Walt Whitman|have you learned the lessons only of those who admired you, and were tender with you, and stood aside for you? Have you not learned great lessons from those who braced themselves against you, and disputed passage with you?
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|I won't be stuck in traffic 'til I see how rugged my path isAnd right now I'm loving how fast my troubles are fastingNo they don't bother me oh realizing I'm psychopathicA wild beast, baby I'm gladly running afterYes a thing called peace outlasting any madnessThe devil fears me oh he's feelingLike a fragment of a fractionNo he won't come near me'Cause his hat trick's out of practice
Joe Hill, 20th Century Ghosts|The introduction to horrors so young impressed on me just how helpless and vulnerable I was. Parents are supposed to empower their children to live without them but in my family, I wasn’t given permission to be my own person. I thought I needed them to live and then they abandoned me. It’s no wonder I felt so unempowered well into my adult years.
Sunday Adelaja|If people are not in the process of production, they don’t deserve anything.
Stephanie Lahart|Yes, a person can accept your apology and forgive you for what you’ve said, but they will never forget how you made them feel at that very moment. Words can stick in a person’s mind, heart, and spirit long after the words have been spoken. Don’t be in denial; words have GREAT power. Be wise when you speak!
Sasha Cagen|I should have written you a letter, it was too late to make the deaths of my brothers an excuse. Since they died, I wrote a book; why not a letter? A mysterious but truthful answer is that while I can gear myself up to do a novel, letters, real-life communications, are too much for me. I used to rattle them off easily enough; why is the challenge of writing to friends and acquaintances too much for me now? Because I have become such a solitary, and not in the Aristotelian sense: not a beast, not a god. Rather, a loner troubled by longings, incapable of finding a suitable language and despairing at the impossibility of composing messages in a playable key--as if I no longer understood the codes used by the estimable people who wanted to hear from me and would have so much to reply if only the impediments were taken away.
Arnold Bennett|To change a habit, make a conscious decision, then act out the new behavior.
Michael J. Cohen, Reconnecting with Nature: Finding Wellness Through Rebuilding Your Bond with the Earth|Our incredible bewilderment (wilderness separation) blinds us from seeing that our many personal and global problems primarily result from our assault of and separation from the natural creation process within and around us. Our estrangement from nature leaves us wanting,and when we want there is never enough. Our insatiable wanting is called greed. It is a major source of our destructive dependencies and violence.
Grant Achatz|I am not complaining; I had a beautiful childhood - we didn't have a lot of money, but there was always food on the table, and my parents saved money so that in the holidays we would all get in the car and drive to the mountains. I have amazing parents.
Buffy Sainte-Marie|The way we approached Meru, and the way we approach a lot of these mountains, is with humility. A sense of, 'Is it going to give us passage?' Your mental attitude can affect the outcome.
Lionel Suggs|I am usually more impressed with people who are artful in shuffling a deck, than those who can masterfully play chess.
Brooke Burgess, The Cat's Maw|There were fat cats and skinny cats. The long-tailed and the bobbed. The daring young leapers, and the old windowsill sleepers. Balls of waddling fluff, smooth-coated prowlers, and hairless ones that looked fragile and wise. The tiger-striped, the ring-tailed, and the ones with matching coloured socks and mittens. There were tabbies and calicos. Manx and Persians. Siamese and Bombay. Ragdolls and Birmans. Maine Coons and Russian Blues. There were Snowshoes and Somalis, Tonkinese and Turkish, and many, many more. Brown and beige and orange and grey and black and white and silver cats, each with gleaming eyes of emerald, or sapphire, or amber. A rainbow of precious stones.
Daniel J. Rice, The Unpeopled Season: Journal from a North Country Wilderness|The trout is still with me, as are my memories. The future is somewhere between these two forces, but it lives in mystery. The river records to trail behind or before me, and covers everything as it flows. This mountain and this river are old, yet as I wade alone, they both appear young and new to me.
Marie Phillips, Gods Behaving Badly|Mmm," said Ares, without turning his head. "This war on terror isn't producing enough casualties. Bringing in Iran is the obvious choice, but I don't think they've got enough fire power yet. I wonder if I could somehow antagonize Japan."..."There's always Russia," said Ares, "but they've been harder to provoke since the end of the Cold War. Why are mortals so hung up on peace?" He shuffled through his papers. "Or maybe it's time to broaden out some of the African civil wars?
Brenna Yovanoff, The Replacement|Every kid's afraid of that right? That someday you'll be left in a corner, like a toy, staring with button eyes and a broken heart.
William Gibson, Neuromancer|And don't worry about losing. If i is right, it happens - the main thing is not to hurry.Nothing good gets away.
Simon Schama|Somehow, the words don't have any vitality, any life to them, unless I can feel it marking on a paper. That's how I start. Once I'm off, then I switch to the laptop. I think it would all just be prose if it started on a laptop - not that what I do is poetry.
Norman Mailer, An American Dream|I heard from clear across the city, over the Hudson in the Jersey yards, one fierce whistle of a locomotive which took me to a train late at night hurling through the middle of the West, its iron shriek blighting the darkness. One hundred years before, some first trains had torn through the prairie and their warning had congealed the nerve. "Beware," said the sound. "Freeze in your route. Behind this machine comes a century of maniacs and a heat which looks to consume the earth." What a rustling those first animals must have known.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We often go astray, seeking our own way, until the the sacred moment of suffering, then we find grace to cry out for Saviour.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|However, with a gut full of heroin, it's hard to be an optimist.
raul perez|Are engineers better at business than business people? It’s debatable. Business people certainly seems to have bigger houses, drive fancier cars, wear nicer clothes and have better looking mates. Engineers lack the time management skills to spend that kind of money. They waste all their time inventing ways to make the most money in the quickest, most efficient way possible. And then when they figure it out, they optimize the process.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|There are no experts, only varying degrees of ignorance
E.L. Konigsburg, From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler|I think you should learn, of course, and some days you must learn a great deal. But you should also have days when you allow what is already in you to swell up inside of you until it touches everything. And you can feel it inside of you. If you never take time out to let that happen, then you accumulate facts, and they begin to rattle around inside of you. You can make noise with them, but never really feel anything with them. It's hollow.
|Rojer!” his mother cried, stumbling towards the washing trough before falling to her knees. Screaming in pain, she reached back and got a firm grip on one of the coreling's horns.“You... can't... have... my... son!” she screamed, and threw herself forward, pulling on the horn with all her strength. Torn from its perch, the demon took ribbons of flesh with it, as Kally flipped it into the trough.Soaking crockery shattered on impact, and the flame demon gurgled and thrashed, steam filling the air as the water was brought to an instant boil. Kally screamed as her arms burned, but she held the creature under until its thrashes stopped.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Few can foresee whither their road will lead them, till they come to its end.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|I looked at him nonplussed. I realized that I have spent so many years being on a diet that the idea that you might actually need calories to survive has been completely wiped out of my consciousness. Have reached point where believe nutritional ideal is to eat nothing at all, and that the only reason people eat is because they are so greedy they cannot stop themselves from breaking out and ruining their diets.
Rachel Pierson, Ruined By Nature|Rolling onto his side, he drew her close. "Sleep, milady. I will keep you warm tonight, and safe." He pulled the blanket over her, wrapping one arm around her waist as he settled beside her on the furs. "And for one night, at least, neither of us will be alone.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones, Spiritual Depression: Its Causes and Cure|If we were left to ourselves with the task of taking the gospel to the world, we would immediately begin planning innovative strategies and plotting elaborate schemes. We would organize conventions, develop programs, and create foundations… But Jesus is so different from us. With the task of taking the gospel to the world, he wandered through the streets and byways…All He wanted was a few men who would think as He did, love as He did, see as He did, teach as He did and serve as He did. All He needed was to revolutionize the hearts of a few, and they would impact the world.
Michael Chabon, Moonglow|My grandfather often felt frustrated or baffled by my grandmother's illness, but when it came to the origins of the Skinless Horse he thought he understood. The Skinless Horse was a creature sworn to pursue my grandmother no matter where she went on the face of the globe, whispering to her in the foulest terms of her crimes and the blackness of her soul. There was a voice like that in everyone's head, he figured; in my grandmother's case it was just a matter of degree. You could almost see the Skinless Horse as a clever adapation, a strategy for survival evolved by a proven survivor. If you kept the voice inside your head, the way most people did, there could really be only one way to silence it. He admired the defiance, the refusal to surrender, involuntary but implicit in the act of moving that reproachful whisperer to a shadowy corner of a room, an iron furnace in a cellar, the branches of a grand old tree.
Debasish Mridha|Let your life be a vivacious poetry of love, compassion, kindness, and beauty.
Manasa Rao, Love was just a word|I'm at that stage of life where I don't even care whether people like me anymore. If you like me, Cool. If you don't, Okay!
Terri Windling|Like many of the kids I write about, I once was a runaway myself—and a few (but not all) of the other writers in the series also come from troubled backgrounds. That early experience influences my fiction, no doubt, but I don't think it's necessary to come from such a background in order to write a good Bordertown tale. To me, "running away to Bordertown" is as much a metaphorical act as an actual one. These tales aren't just for kids who have literally run away from home, but also for every kid, every person, who "runs away" from a difficult or constrictive past to build a different kind of life in some new place. Some of us "run away" to college . . . or we "run away" to a distant city or state . . . or we "run away" from a safe, secure career path to follow our passions or artistic muse. We "run away" from places we don't belong, or from families we have never fit into. We "run away" to find ourselves, or to find others like ourselves, or to find a place where we finally truly belong. And that kind of "running away from home"—the everyday, metaphorical kind—can be just as hard, lonely, and disorienting as crossing the Nevernever to Bordertown . . . particularly when you're in your teens, or early twenties, and your resources (both inner and outer) are still limited. I want to tell stories for young people who are making that journey, or contemplating making that journey. Stories in which friendship, community, and art is the "magic" that lights the way. she "founded")
Dana Perino|Having a Mary Poppins-themed birthday party when I was 5 - all my friends went in dresses, and I went as a chimney sweep. I was a real tomboy.
Dino Buzzati, The Tartar Steppe|It was at this period that Drogo realised how far apart men are whatever their affection for each other, that if you suffer the pain is yours and yours alone, no one else can take upon himself the least part of it; that if you suffer it does not mean that others feel pain even though their love is great: hence the loneliness of life.
Muhammad Zaki|Quick now, here, now, always, as if we are in a condition of complete simplicity...
Milan Kundera|The Polar Express is about faith, and the power of imagination to sustain faith. It's also about the desire to reside in a world where magic can happen, the kind of world we all believed in as children, but one that disappears as we grow older.
Nikki Rowe|We all have a vision, a dream to hope for. Some chase it and some wish upon it.. Who do you think, wins? the chaser finds ways to create it, regardless of the fight, the wisher finds way to excuse it, because courage doesn't fill their hearts.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|If something needs to be done, do it. If something needs to be said, say it.
Chris Hedges, War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning|If every one of you was to clean before his own front door, all would be clean of cow flops.
Roman Payne, Europa: Limited Time Edition|Ô, the wine of a woman from heaven is sent,more perfect than all that a man can invent.
Kate Mosse, The Taxidermist's Daughter|The colour of the magpie, her father was saying, was symbolic of creation. The void, the mystery of that which had not yet taken form. Black and white, he said. Presence and absence.
Louise Erdrich, The Plague of Doves|Freedom, I found is not only in the running but in the heart, the mind, the hands.
Beny Steinmetz|I don't think I could play a character that I couldn't relate to somehow. I'm not unfamiliar with frustration, anger, shame, helplessness and a load of other emotions that make up our psycho-soup. I try to focus on that frustration, that sense of unfairness, and multiply it.
Alfred North Whitehead|Life is complex in its expression, involving more than percipience, namely desire, emotion, will, and feeling.
Vishnu Kanchan|Everything in life tries to hit us hard. We feel like dying. But instead fight back hard to survive. After all surviving was the only aim of everything." - Vishnu Kanchan
Henry David Thoreau, The Quotable Thoreau|In books, that which is most generally interesting is what comes home to the most cherished private experience of the greatest number. It is not the book of him who has travelled the farthest over the surface of the globe, but of him who has lived the deepest and been the most at home.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|My mind can be ugly. But when I read something of mine that I think is beautiful, I'm reminded my mind can be beautiful too.
|As important as faith is when it comes to success, when it is not accompanied with some consistent actions, its purpose becomes nothing but a wishful thinking.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Where a person has no control, he will turn to violence; either to attain control, or as an alternative to it.
bell hooks, Reel to Real: Race, Sex, and Class at the Movies|Whisper to the flashing water your real name, write your signature in the sand, and shout your identity to the sky until it answers to you in thunder.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|she, with her affection and her gaiety, had been largely responsible for him having rediscovered the meaning of life, her love had driven him to the far corners of the Earth, because he needed to be rich enough to buy some land and live in peace with her for the rest of their days. It was his utter confidence in this fragile creature, that had made him fight with honor, because he knew that after a battle he could forget all the horrors of war in her arms, and that, despite all the women he had known, only there in her arms could he close his eyes and sleep like a child.
Jules Verne|Solitary confinement is too terrible a punishment to inflict on any human being, no matter what his crime. Hardened criminals in the men's prisons, it is said, often beg for the lash instead.
Bob Ney|For Pleasure, Delight, Peace and Felicity live in method and temperance.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|A releasing statement works as though you are holding your belief tightly in your hand, then put your arm out and let it go! A releasing statement removes stumbling blocks from your mind, once done then you can use affirmations with success.
A. E. Housman|You can't be as old as I am without waking up with a surprised look on your face every morning: 'Holy Christ, whaddya know - I'm still around!' It's absolutely amazing that I survived all the booze and smoking and the cars and the career.
Nel Noddings, Peace Education: How We Come to Love and Hate War|The Great Stone at the center of the Somme memorial has this inscription: “Their name liveth for evermore.” The memorial contains 73,077 names, the names of young men who were robbed of life. Note that we often say that they gave their lives, but of course, this is not true; their lives were taken from them. It is not outrageous to consider the carving of their names and the false promise of “evermore” another act of violence.
Mark Twain, Letters from the Earth: Uncensored Writings|when you is precious to God, you is important to Satan. Watch your backside, somethin’ is gettin’ ready to happen
Earl Warhus, Buddha's Cross|As the flesh gets in the way of our ideals, we regulate ourselves unto enslavement and inhumanity.The human spirit then dies and the animal in us returns.
Chris Stapleton|There exist only three beings worthy of respect: the priest, the soldier, the poet. To know, to kill, to create.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I don't necessarily respect other people's religions, or any religion. But the people--I respect them, and I give them the honor they deserve, whatever they believe.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Maybe it was that nearly everyone else was dead and she felt a little bit dead too, but she figured that even a vampire deserved to be saved. Maybe she ought to leave him, but she wasn't going to.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|God has the most incredible, unimaginable, inconceivable, and indescribable intention and design for your life.
Kim Harrison, A Perfect Blood|If you've ever been there, you've never forgotten. The feeling is as haunting and familiar as the smell of a junior high school locker room.
Grace Slick|Positive, healthy, loving relationships in your twenties... I don't know if anyone would disagree with it: I think they're the exception, not the norm. People are either playing house really aggressively because they're scared of what an uncertain time it is, or they're avoiding commitment altogether.
Laura Riding|To a poet the mere making of a poem can seem to solve the problem of truth, but only a problem of art is solved in poetry.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To follow your dream, your vision or your calling is part of the work of your hands, many people will benefit from it and it will make a difference in their lives. Follow that dream, that vision and that calling, it has your name on it. Follow it, make it happen and make a difference.
|[C]ulture, for all its importance, is not some miasma that seeps into people through their skin. Culture relies on neural circuitry that accomplishes the feat we call learning. Those circuits do not make us indiscriminate mimics but have to work in surprisingly subtle ways to make the transmission of culture possible. That is why it is not an alternative to a focus on learning, culture and socialization, but rather an attempt to explain how they work.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|In the name of God, they stole her time and her freedom, putting shackles on her heart. They preached about God's kindness, but preached twice as much about his wrath and intolerance.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The wiser you become, the lesser you will be surprised!
Paracelsus|That's what keeps me going: dreaming, inventing, then hoping and dreaming some more in order to keep dreaming.
Louis L'Amour, The Walking Drum|Many a small man is considered good while he remains small, but let power come to him, and he becomes a raging fury.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|To maintain your integrity, just maintain your words in sanctity, and your works in sincerity. You can't be really trusted when your works of today are standing against your words of yesterday!
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Whilst lovers: to control her man, a woman uses (the man’s access to) her vagina. When ex-lovers: she uses (the man's access to) their kids.
Fei Xiaotong|O America, I am your Liberty, and you are that huddled mass yearning to breathe free. I am your Lighthouse, the One beaconing [yea, beckoning], and you are that wayfarer—strayed, grayed, and frayed … Now, return, you tempest-tost; lift up your gaze to the lighted torch aloft the golden door and come home.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Trust in God, the dependence on supernatural powers!
Carl Sagan|It's been hard for me at times...the responsibility and expectation that comes with being a leader. I'm not always the one I wish I could be, that I should be, but nonetheless, it is my place. If I were to ever show a commitment to something other than my leadership, which could jeopardize the function I have, I would be risking too many lives. I couldn't live with that.
Wesley Stace, Misfortune|All summers take me back to the sea. There in the long eelgrass, like birds' eggs waiting to be hatched, my brothers and sister and I sit, grasses higher than our heads, arms and legs like thicker versions of the grass waving in the wind, looking up at the blue sky. My mother is gathering food for dinner: clams and mussels and the sharply salty greens that grow by the shore. It is warm enough to lie here in the little silty puddles like bathwater left in the tub after the plug has been pulled. It is the beginning of July and we have two months to live out the long, nurturing days, watching the geese and the saltwater swans and the tides as they are today, slipping out, out, out as the moon pulls the other three seasons far away wherever it takes things. Out past the planets, far away from Uranus and the edge of our solar system, into the brilliantly lit dark where the things we don't know about yet reside. Out past my childhood, out past the ghosts, out past the breakwater of the stars. Like the silvery lace curtains of my bedroom being drawn from my window, letting in light, so the moon gently pulls back the layers of the year, leaving the best part open and free. So summer comes to me.
Roy Moore|If you review the commercial history, you will discover anyone who controls oriental trade will get hold of global wealth.
Jim Blasingame, The Age of the Customer: Prepare for the Moment of Relevance|- The myths are dead. The gods are dead. The ghosts and ghouls and phantoms are dead. There is only the State, and the People.- No, Monsieur Robespierre. There is much more than that.
Casey Caracciolo, The Shadow of the Gauntlet|But do not take this responsibility lightly, my boy. The Gauntlet casts an ominous shadow.
Julia Cameron, The Writing Diet: Write Yourself Right-Size|I ask to be made beautiful like the trees are beautiful, each growing according to a unique plan. Lop off a limb and and the tree will accommodate it's loss, still growing and still beautiful. It is my hope to be able to flourish in a similar fashion, taking on the shape and dimensions that is intended for me.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|Ask very pointed questions. Sharp as sword blades, or laser blasts, if you catch my meaning.
Thomas Hardy|Ah, dear Jude; that's because you are like a totally deaf manobserving people listening to music. You say 'What are theyregarding? Nothing is there.' But something is.
Forrest Church, A Chosen Faith: An Introduction to Unitarian Universalism|Wherever I am, if I've got a book with me, I have a place I can go and be h
Debasish Mridha|I am truly not an axiologist, but I am concerned about the value of life in all of its forms and shapes.
Cynthia D. Witherspoon, The Sibyl|Her eyes narrowed, but she wasn't yelling.I think she liked me... kind of. The way a mother would like an annoying spastic two year old who belonged to someone else.
|Never ponder to give today all that you have, if you hope for tomorrow to give you all that you need.
Naomi Klein|You actually cannot sell the idea of freedom, democracy, diversity, as if it were a brand attribute and not reality -- not at the same time as you're bombing people, you can't.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|They were our enemies. Yet in those young men of Italy I'd seen something centuries old. An American is only as old as his years. A long line of something was hidden behind the bright eyes of those Italians. And then and there I decided to learn something of the modern world. There was something abroad which we Americans couldn't or wouldn't understand. But unless we made some attempt to realize that everyone in the world isn't American, and that not everything American is good, we'll all perish together, and in this twentieth century....
Zen Cho, Spirits Abroad|The tabloids wanted to know whether the dragon was receiving benefits. The gossip magazines claimed to have found a woman who was bearing the dragon's baby. The fashion magazines did spreads on draconian style. This apparently consisted of gaunt models with sunken eyes, swathed in clouds of chiffon and arranged in awkwardly erotic positions on piles of gold coins.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|People come as they are, and alter you as themselves.
Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well|Many [Tudor-era religious radicals] believed then, exactly as Christian fundamentalists do today, that they lived in the 'last days' before Armageddon and, again just as now, saw signs all around in the world that they took as certain proof that the Apocalypse was imminent. Again like fundamentalists today, they looked on the prospect of the violent destruction of mankind without turning a hair. The remarkable similarity between the first Tudor Puritans and the fanatics among today's Christian fundamentalists extends to their selective reading of the Bible, their emphasis on the Book of Revelation, their certainty of their rightness, even to their phraseology. Where the Book of Revelation is concerned, I share the view of Guy, that the early church fathers released something very dangerous on the world when, after much deliberation, they decided to include it in the Christian c
Claudia J. Edwards, Taming the Forest King|In the end there is nothing to be done but to state clearly what has been done, without shame or regret, and say: Here I am, and this is what I am. Now deal with me as you see fit. That is your right. Mine is to stand by the act, and pay the price.You do what you must do, and pay for it. So in the end all things are simple.
Bill Clinton|Though we cannot think alike, may we not love alike? May we not be of one heart, though we are not of one opinion? Without all doubt, we may.
Dean Koontz|Nanny's philosophy of life was to do what seemed like a good idea at the time, and do it as hard as possible. It had never let her down.
Julian Huxley|I do not think anyone can read the letters which passed between Clarke and [Anthony] Collins without admitting that Collins, who writes with wonderful Power and closeness of reasoning, has by far the best of the argument, so far as the possible materiality of the soul goes; and that in this battle the Goliath of Freethinking overcame the champion of what was considered orthodoxy.
Christopher Love|When I was younger, my family would go camping and fishing on our ranches. My dad loves being around all kinds of animals. He's the one who got me to be a really big animal lover.
Sudheer Reddy|Go, follow your heart and fuck yourself.
Alexander Smith|Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so.
Charles Bukowski, Women|What is a man, if his chief good and market of his time be but to sleep and feed? a beast, no more. Sure he that made us with such large discourse, looking before and after, gave us not that capability and god-like reason to fust in us unused.
Jo Nesbo|Just by luck, I picked good heroes to worship.
Dave Burgess, Teach Like a Pirate: Increase Student Engagement, Boost Your Creativity, and Transform Your Life As an Educator|If you can't explain why someone should pay attention to what you're saying, maybe you shouldn't be saying it.
Stacy Feiner, Talent Mindset|Every time you invite a candidate to interview, you should expect to be interviewed, too.
Tamora Pierce, The Will of the Empress|Ishabal: "If you may correct your vision as you like, why do you wear spectacles?" Tris: "Because I like them. Because I have better things to do with my magic than fixing my vision when ordinary glass will do.
Iyanla Vanzant|If you are afraid to take a chance, take one anyway. What you don't do can create the same regrets as the mistakes you make.
Haruki Murakami, Hear the Wind Sing|The prevarication and white lies which a mind that keeps itself ambitiously pure is as uneasy under as a great artist under the false touches that no eye detects but his own, are worn as lightly as mere trimming when once the actions have become a lie.
Michelle Branch|When you finally go back to your old home, you find it wasn't the old home you missed but your childhood.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|There was no one at all for her. No one in the world who cared whether she lived or died. Sometimes the horror of that thought threatened to overwhelm her and plunge her down into a bottomless darkness from which there would be no return. If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.
Groucho Marx|Those are my principles, and if you don't like them...well I have others.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Of course not. No one is chosen. Not ever. Not in the real world. You chose to climb out of your window and ride on a leopard. You chose to get a witch’s Spoon back, and to make friends with a wyvern. You chose to trade your shadow for a child’s life. You chose not to let the Marquess hurt your friend--you chose to smash her cages! You chose to face your own Death, not to balk at a great sea to cross and no ship to cross it in. And twice now you have chosen not to go home when you might have, if only you abandoned your friends. You are not the chosen one, September. Fairyland did not choose you--you chose yourself. You could have had a lovely holiday in Fairyland and never met the Marquess, never worried yourself with local politics, had a romp with a few brownies and gone home with enough memories for a lifetime’s worth of novels. But you didn’t. You chose. You chose it all. Just like you chose your path on the beach: to lose your heart is not a path for the faint and fainting.
Max Scheler|Love loves and in loving always looks beyond what it has in hand and possesses. The driving impulse [*Triebimpuls*] which arouses may tire out; love itself does not tire. This *sursum corda* which is the essence of love may take on fundamentally different forms at different elevations in the various regions of value. The sensualist is struck by the way the pleasure he gets from the objects of his enjoyment gives him less and less satisfaction while his driving impulse stays the same or itself increases as he flies more and more rapidly from one object to the next. For this water makes one thirstier, the more one drinks. Conversely, the satisfaction of one who loves spiritual objects, whether things or persons, is always holding out new promise of satisfaction, so to speak. This satisfaction by nature increases more rapidly and is more deeply fulfilling, while the driving impulse which originally directed him to these objects or persons holds constant or decreases. The satisfaction always lets the ray of the movement of love peer out a little further beyond what is presently given. In the highest case, that of love for a person, this movement develops the beloved person in the direction of ideality and perfection appropriate to him and does so, in principle, beyond all limits.However, in both the satisfaction of pleasure and the highest personal love, the same *essentially infinite process* appears and prevents both from achieving a definitive character, although for opposite reasons: in the first case, because satisfaction diminishes; in the latter, because it increases. No reproach can give such pain and act so much as a spur on the person to progress in the direction of an aimed-at perfection as the beloved's consciousness of not satisfying, or only partially satisfying, the ideal image of love which the lover brings before her―an image he took from her in the first place. Immediately a powerful jolt is felt in the core of the soul; the soul desires to grow to fit this image. "So let me seem, until I become so." Although in sensual pleasure it is the *increased variety* of the objects that expresses this essential infinity of the process, here it is the *increased depth of absorption* in the growing fullness of one object. In the sensual case, the infinity makes itself felt as a self-propagating unrest, restlessness, haste, and torment: in other words, a mode of striving in which every time something repels us this something becomes the source of a new attraction we are powerless to resist. In personal love, the felicitous advance from value to value in the object is accompanied by a growing sense of repose and fulfillment, and issues in that positive form of striving in which each new attraction of a suspected value results in the continual abandonment of one already given. New hope and presentiment are always accompanying it. Thus, there is a positively valued and a negatively valued *unlimitedness of love*, experienced by us as a potentiality; consequently, the striving which is built upon the act of love is unlimited as well. As for striving, there is a vast difference between Schopenhauer's precipitate "willing" born of torment and the happy, God-directed "eternal striving" in Leibniz, Goethe's Faust, and J. G. Fichte."―from_Ordo Amoris_
Debasish Mridha|There are many roads,  there are many choices, but never forget to chose the road of peace and happiness.
Lori Brighton, The Mind Readers|I don't think I've ever dared to write down what I see in the ruins of me, or tell in any detail the scars and all their secrets.
Charles S. Ricketts, Oscar Wilde: Recollections by Jean Paul Raymond|When in Reading Gaol he told me that the warders in the dock had been gentle and kind, but the visit of the chaplain in his first prison began with these words:'Mr. Wilde, did you have morning prayers in your house?''I am sorry... I fear not.''You see where you are now!
Pearl Zhu, Performance Master: Take a Holistic Approach to Unlock Digital Performance|If he had to wish, what would he wish for, he asked himself. What was there to wish for... a wish asked for the unattainable. The impossible.
Sara  Miles, City of God: Faith in the Streets|Sometimes, things happen that you would always wonder "Why did it happen?" Well sometimes you must remember that God always has a plan for the better and its our choice whether to accept it in two ways. As a bitter person or a better person.
Vladimir Nabokov, Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories|Um ,sorry. I cant read the last line.""Fish. Have you stolen any fish from the holy lakes?""I lived in Kansas..So ..no
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|How perfectly evil spirit and beauty can combine in one person, harmonically supplementing each other.
honeya|The way a man cannot and would NOT like to have sex till his tool is erect, even a women would NOT like to have to sex if she's not wet. If you have it in you then get her interested in you and excited for you. She's not your fuckin property to plough in just cos you want to. #Shame‬ On Such Men who force themselves in her even when she's dry. Even animals don't do that, how can one enjoy sex this way???? They can't be human...
PLP|When starting any business the first thing you must do is Learn before you can Earn. The "L" always come first
Idries Shah, Darkest England|If you are uninterested in what I say, there's an end to it. If you like what I say, please try to understand which previous influences have made you like it. If you like some of the things I say, and dislike others, you could try to understand why. If you dislike all I say, why not try to find out what formed your attitude?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the light, we shall brightly.
Loren Eiseley|At the core of the universe, the face of God wears a smile
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|We have not passed that subtle line between childhood and adulthood until... we have stopped saying "It got lost " and say  "I lost it."
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Smartass Disciple: Master, tell me what is it beyond this universe ?Master of Stupidity: No 'space' in no 'gravity'. No 'thing' in spaceless.
Stephen Deas, The Thief-Taker's Apprentice|Try again. No no no, eyes up, eyes up! When you bow to someone you look at them, not at the floor. Don't look at her in the eye though lad, that's rude. And not THERE, either.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|I have heard them preach, when I sat in the pew and my feet did not touch the floor, about the final home of the unconverted. In order to impress upon the children the length of time they would probably stay if they settled in that country, the preacher would frequently give us the following illustration: 'Suppose that once in a billion years a bird should come from some far-distant planet, and carry off in its little bill a grain of sand, a time would finally come when the last atom composing this earth would be carried away; and when this last atom was taken, it would not even be sun up in hell.' Think of such an infamous doctrine being taught to children!
Nancy Farmer, The Lord of Opium|But the truth is, nothing delights me more than a biography of one of the truly great that proves he or she was an absolute shit.
K. Valisumbra, Mortlake and Other Stories|Up near the top, underlined and in capitals were the words: 'READ THIS.' Jay grimaced as she wondered what she was in for. Would it be a semi-literate political rant, a half-baked conspiracy theory or a quasi-religious manifesto? Perhaps it was just a very long suicide note: a self-pitying list of misfortune and hardship. Whatever it was she doubted it would contain anything useful. Unable to put it off any longer, she finished her coffee and began: 'We are all stories that we tell ourselves, memories selected to fit our chosen form. What becomes of us when there is no-one there to read?
Henrietta Newton Martin, General Laws and Interpretation-Sultanate of Oman-Part I  Perspicuous PRINT Edition -2014|The system is religion, the law is spirituality. Take your pick.
Ellen G. White|By liberating women from household work and helping to abolish professions such as domestic service, the washing machine and other household goods completely revolutionised the structure of society.
Paul Harding, Tinkers|And as the ax bites into the wood, be comforted in the fact that the ache in your heart and the confusion in your souls means that you are still alive, still human, and still open to the beauty of the world, even though you have done nothing to deserve it.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Captain of the Pole-Star and Other Stories|From my boyhood I have had an intense and overwhelming conviction that my real vocation lay in the direction of literature. I have, however, had a most unaccountable difficulty in getting any responsible person to share my 
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Perhaps the most "spiritual" thing any of us can do is simply to look through our own eyes, see with eyes of wholeness, and act with integrity and kindness.
Julien Gracq|A history of literature, unlike history as such, ought to list only victories, for its defeats are no victory for anyone.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Creative minds don't follow rules, they follow will.
Frank Herbert|A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|Ma raised her eyes to the girl's face. Ma's eyes were patient, but the lines of strain were on her forehead. Ma fanned and fanned the air, and her piece of cardboard warned off the flies. "When you're young, Rosasharn, ever'thing that happens is a thing all by itself. It's a lonely thing. I know, i 'member, Rosasharn." Her mouth loved the name of her daughter. "You're gonna have a baby, Rosasharn, and that's somepin to you lonely and away. That's gonna hurt you, an' the hurt'll be lonely hurt, an' this here tent is alone in the worl', Rosasharn." She whipped the air for a moment to drive a buzzing blow fly on, and the big shining fly circled the tent twice and zoomed out into the blinding sunlight. And Ma went on, "They's a time of change, an' when that comes, dyin' is a piece of dyin', and bearin' is a piece of bearin', an' bearin' an' dyin' is two pieces of the same thing. An' then things ain't so lonely any more. An' then a hurt don't hurt so bad, 'cause it ain't a lonely hurt no more, Rosasharn. I wisht I could tell you so you'd know, but I can't." And her voice was so soft, so full of love, that tears crowded into Rose of Sharon's eyes, and flowed over her eyes and blinded her.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Most artists weren't famous until they died (mostly because once they'd died they couldn't create any more art, so it would make it more valuable).
Leah Raeder, Black Iris|I fell in love with the boy next door, and my own flesh became a thing I'd never really worn before. Sometimes, pressing my palms together, I thought I felt a magnetic field between them- something invisible but shaped, like sound, or heat, an egg of light, and it was thought I could hold the life force itself in my hands.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|Emptiness is the track on which the centered person moves," said a Tibetan sage six hundred years ago, and the book where I found this edict followed it with an explanation of the word "track" in Tibetan: shul, "a mark that remains after that which made it has passed by - a footprint for example. In other contexts, shul is used to describe the scarred hollow in the ground where a house once stood, the channel worn through rock where a river runs in flood, the indentation in the grass where an animal slept last night.
George Sheehan|We may think there is willpower involved, but more likely...change is due to want power. Wanting the new addiction more than the old one. Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now.
Fred G. Gosman|We must return to optimism in our parenting. To focus on the joys, not the hassles; the love, not the disappointments; the common sense, not the complexities.
Michael R. Underwood, Geekomancy|Infighting would be stupid, since, y'know, claws and teeth.
Micah R. Sisk|Heaviness coats my brain, and I’m surprised at the turn in our conversation; we’re getting into the deep stuff. “Right now, you and me? This feels like fate, if fate can be felt.
Amit Kalantri|All great men endure tribulations, to achieve their goals.
Charles Frazier, Nightwoods|It is wisdom to know who you are, but not to the point of excluding who you might become.
Clive Barker|I could not help feeling that they were evil things-- mountains of madness whose farther slopes looked out over some accursed ultimate abyss. That seething , half-luminous cloud-background held ineffable suggestions of a vague, ethereal beyondness far more than terrestrially spatial; and gave appalling reminders of the utter remoteness, separateness, desolation, and aeon-long death of this untrodden and unfathomed austral world.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|The more expensive a school is, the more crooks it has — I'm not kidding.
Eckhart Tolle|Because true belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world, our sense of belonging can never be greater than our level of self-acceptance.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is no point of space, whether inside or outside the bounds of creation, where God is not present. That is why when we ask the question, “Who’s in control?” we can answer without equivocation, “God is!
Nadège Richards, Deceiving Destiny|The sun rises in the east every morning and falls in the west, Ayden. Darknesses are awaken and fate is tested, destinies are foreseen. Thy soul the only enemy, a hero is born. A new light rises once again...
Stefan Emunds|Don't wait for the perfect moment,take the moment and make it perfect.
Philip G. Zimbardo|Sometimes people will hear you and be able to change their behavior, but often their behavior has more to do with their own need for approval than with your need for support. No matter what their response, you need to be firm and hold your ground. At the end of the day, your health is your responsibility.
Nearly Headless Nick J.K. Rowling|The Headmaster told Professor Flitwick that this was, indeed, a secret and delicate matter of which he had already been informed, and that he did not think pressing it at this time would help me or anyone. Professor Flitwick started to say something about the Headmaster's usual plotting going much too far, and I had to interrupt at that point and explain that it had been my own idea and not anything the Headmaster forced me into, so Professor Flitwick spun around and started lecturing me, and the Headmaster interrupted him and said that as the Boy-Who-Lived I was doomed to have weird and dangerous adventures so I was safer if I got into them on purpose instead of waiting for them to happen by accident, and that was when Professor Flitwick threw up his little hands and started shrieking in a high-pitched voice at both of us about how he didn't care what we were cooking up together, but this wasn't ever to happen again for as long as I was in Ravenclaw House or he would have me thrown out and I could go to Gryffindor which was where all this Dumbledoring belonged -
Kahlil Gibran, Xian zhi|The more you love, the more love you are given to love with.
Robert M. Drake|She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|One of his private vanities was that all the garbage sorting had endowed his hands with killing strength—that he could chop a brick in half like Bruce Lee. “So let’s get a brick,” replied a girl with whom he had once, injudiciously, shared this conviction. Abdul had bumbled away. The brick belief was something he wanted to harbor, not to test.
Keith Laumer, A Plague of Demons & Other Stories|However miserable you make us, we shall still have the revenge of thinking that your cruelty arises from your greater misery.
Camryn Manheim, Wake Up, I'm Fat!|You didn't choose God. He chose you. When you stop feeling hurt by everyone and plotting your comeback, he has some very important things he wants you to accomplish with your life.
Kirthi Jayakumar, The Doodler of Dimashq|13)	Have you had your own, personal earthquake? Here is what it feels like. Your insides feel like they are stretched, ready to explode. And from outside, there is a crushing pressure that is holding you down, pinning you with a force that you’ve never known. You cannot breathe. You cannot move. You cannot understand any of the words that are being said to you. A water curtain falls in front of your face, as tears drench your eyes blurring everything in sight.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|The scriptures present a God who delights in genocide, rape, slavery, and the execution of nonconformists, and for millennia those writings were used to rationalize the massacre of infidels, the ownership of women, the beating of children, dominion over animals, and the persecution of heretics and homosexuals. Humanitarian reforms such as the elimination of cruel punishment, the dissemination of empathy-inducing novels, and the abolition of slavery were met with fierce opposition in their time by ecclesiastical authorities and their apologists. The elevation of parochial values to the realm of the sacred is a license to dismiss other people’s interests, and an imperative to reject the possibility of compromise.
Nora Roberts, Bay of Sighs|Brother, when beauty falls into your hand, you hold on to it while you can. You could be dead tomorrow.Well, that’s... inspiring.
Curious George Brigade|When all the trees have been cut down and all the animals have been hunted to extinction, when all the waters are polluted and the air is unsafe to breathe, only then will you discover you cannot eat money.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|A male-female close-friendship hardly differs from a relationship; it takes "relating" to be friends. But sadly, not every relationship has friendship in it. It's just ironical that two people who are not good enough to be best friends are in love and want to spend the rest of their lives together.
Jean Meslier, Testament: Memoir of the Thoughts and Sentiments of Jean Meslier|How I suffered when I had to preach to you those pious lies that I detest in my heart. What remorse your credulity caused me! A thousand times I was on the point of breaking out publicly and opening your eyes, but a fear stronger than myself held me back, and forced me to keep silence until my death.
Kobun Chino Otogawa Roshi|We sit to make life meaningful. The significance of our life is not experienced in striving to create some perfect thing. We must simply start with accepting ourselves. Sitting brings us back to actually who and where we are. This can be very painful. Self-acceptance is the hardest thing to do. If we can’t accept ourselves, we are living in ignorance, this darkest night. We may still be awake, but we don’t know where we are. We cannot see. The mind has no light. Practice is this candle in our very darkest room.
Preston Sprinkle, Fight: A Christian Case for Non-Violence|Isaac basically knew just one thing for sure: Many are born, few flourish, all die. If you didn’t die as a sacrifice for God today, you would die of an incomprehensible plague tomorrow, or of undeserved starvation the day after, or of good old-fashioned senseless human slaughter before the next harvest. Life was short in those days and people were grateful for whatever they could get. They didn’t expect wireless video game consoles, fast German cars, dental insurance, anti-depressants, and a pension.
Charles M. Schulz|If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.
Giorgos Seferis|My old friend, what are you looking for?After years abroad you’ve come backwith images you’ve nourishedunder foreign skiesfar from you own country.’‘I’m looking for my old garden;the trees come to my waistand the hills resemble terracesyet as a childI used to play on the grassunder great shadowsand I would run for hoursbreathless over the slopes.’‘My old friend, rest,you’ll get used to it little by little;together we will climbthe paths you once knew,we will sit togetherunder the plane trees’ dome.They’ll come back to you little by little,your garden and your slopes.’‘I’m looking for my old house,the tall windowsdarkened by ivy;I’m looking for the ancient columnknown to sailors.How can I get into this coop?The roof comes to my shouldersand however far I lookI see men on their kneesas though saying their prayers.’‘My old friend, don’t you hear me?You’ll get used to it little by little.Your house is the one you seeand soon friends and relativeswill come knocking at the doorto welcome you back tenderly.’‘Why is your voice so distant?Raise your head a littleso that I understand you.As you speak you growgradually smalleras though you’re sinking into the ground.’‘My old friend, stop a moment and think:you’ll get used to it little by little.Your nostalgia has createda non-existent country, with lawsalien to earth and man.’‘Now I can’t hear a sound.My last friend has sunk.Strange how from time to timethey level everything down.Here a thousand scythe-bearing chariots go pastand mow everything down
Geoffrey Wood|So in a man’s mind, he appraises, negotiates, defines, delineates, weighs the information, and that includes God. As you can see, this is a relationship of management, not trust. You don’t trust things you can manage, you manage them. And so, God as information is managed and no relationship of trust is fostered.
P.A. Speers, Type 1 Sociopath - When Difficult People Are More Than Just Difficult People|If you do not have a close friendship with your children, I will." Child Molester warning all parents from the book Type 1 Sociopath
Grant Morrison, Nameless|You do what you have to do to give people closure; it makes them feel better and it doesn’t cost you much to do it. I’d rather apologize for something I didn’t really care about, and leave someone on Earth wishing me well, than to be stubborn and have that someone hoping that some alien would slurp out my brains. Call it karmic insurance.
V.S. Ramachandran, A Brief Tour of Human Consciousness: From Impostor Poodles to Purple Numbers|The loss of these tastes [for poetry and music] is a loss of happiness, and may possibly be injurious to the intellect, and more probably to the moral character, by enfeebling the emotional part of our nature.
Adrián Lamo|People represented in book or film travel vast oceans of life unrecorded; studeo time costs money, and pens grow heavy.
Ann Brashares, The Second Summer of the Sisterhood|I was supposed to write a romantic comedy, but my characters broke up.
Simon Sebag Montefiore, Jerusalem: The Biography|While they were dancing, the buoyancy that the champagne had given her left her all at once, and she slumped and felt suddenly tired and miserable about all the things that Denys should have said and done and hadn't. At the end of the dance there was one awful moment when she was bored. She didn't want to go and be kissed in the garden, she didn't want to drink any more, and Denys was in no mood for conversation; what was there to do? She was bored. It was a terrible, treacherous thought to feel like that when you were with someone you loved.
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|I loathe, detest, hate and abominate the block, the gibbet, the rack, the pillory and the faggots with equal passion," said the old man vehemently. "Not only are they devilishly cruel but they are not even common sense. They do not lesson the evil in the world, they increase it, by making those who handle these cruelties as wicked as those who suffer them. No, I'm wrong, more wicked, for there is always some expiation made in the endurance of suffering and none at all in the infliction of it.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|If life really begins at forty, then all poor people die in their teens.
Jed McKenna|It’s ego – the false self – that exalts the guru and declares the teaching sacred, but nothing is exalted or sacred, only true or not true.
M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules|I don't deserve you. I'm not made for relationships. I know I'm going to fuck this up. I'm going to drive you away or do something to hurt you, and you'll be added to my list of people I screwed over. You should walk away now.
Sushant Singh|Be yourself, DO NOT ACT.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|There isn't a man on earth who doesn't at times pronounce an opinion on good and evil, even if it be only to find fault with somebody else.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|THERE'S NO REASON TO SLEEPCURLED UP AND BENT.IT'S NOT COMFORTABLE,IT'S NOT GOOD FOR YOU, AND ITDOESN'T PROTECT YOU FROM DANGER.IF YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT AN ATTACKYOU SHOULD STAY AWAKEOR SLEEP LIGHTLY WITHLIMBS UNFURLED FOR ACTION.
Eva Scoutt, The Intern|We are beautiful, but we are not weak, that old Geisha told her. Men should see us like supernatural beings. Everything is so open now. Women shave their legs in front of men, they eat with their mouth full, they drink side by side with them, they get drunk, they loose the whole essence of femininity. Being a work of art is painful, but nobody said it would be easy. To create and recreate yourself every single moment of your life, that takes commitment, passion, energy and faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you have enough, there is no need for excessiveness.
Arlene Stafford-Wilson, Lanark County Calendar|He sat down on a grassy bank and looked at the city that surrounded him, and thought, one day he would have to go home. And one day he would have to make a home to go back to. He wondered whether home was a thing that happened to a place after a while, or if it was something that you found in the end, if you simply walked and waited and willed it long enough.
Catherynne M. Valente|So a half-breed goatsnake, a Yith, and a Ghast walk into a bar.
Adedayo Olabamiji|Find the alignment between your gifts, skills, experiences and people’s needs. Therein is your secret to tap into the unknown
Rachel Renée Russell, Tales from a Not-So-Talented Pop Star|What’s it like to be in love?”"It’s the most wonderful and terrible thing that can ever happen to you,
David Rubenstein|I am definitely a Hillary, a Secretary Clinton supporter. I think that she's got the experience and the leadership capabilities to be the next president - and most importantly, her understanding of domestic and foreign policy and social issues.
Eric Greitens, The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL|Across the globe, even in the world's "worst places," people found ways to turn pain into wisdom and suffering into strength. They made their own actions, their very lives, into a memorial that honored the people they had lost.
Alexis de Tocqueville|I have spent all my life under a Communist regime, and I will tell you that a society without any objective legal scale is a terrible one indeed. But a society with no other scale but the legal one is not quite worthy of man either.
Lorna Crozier|Mom, mom, mom, mom! A yowl rose from my gut, my bowels, my womb, raw as a birth cry but with no hope in it, a maddening howl, a roar, the water a wailing wall shattering around me. Unsyllabled, thoughtless, the cry rose from the oldest cells in my body. I hadn't known grief could be so primal, so crude. The violence shook me. When it stopped, I fell to my knees in the shower, and the water called to the water in me; I wanted to melt, to run down the drain and under the city to the creek and then to the river thirty miles away. Mom, mom, mom, mom!
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated|You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.
Michio Kaku|We should try to leave the world a better place than when we entered it. As individuals, we can make a difference, whether it is to probe the secrets of Nature, to clean up the environment and work for peace and social justice, or to nurture the inquisitive, vibrant spirit of the young by being a mentor and a guide.
Dilma Rousseff|I think I have a hard time expressing myself in my relationships. I use songs to tell people how I'm feeling. If I can't say 'I love you,' I'll write a song about it and hope that the person figures it out.
Anthony Liccione|I just wanted to tell you, how beautiful you were; that day, that night, that life.
Chuck Close|It goes against the grain of modern education to teach students to program. What fun is there to making plans, acquiring discipline, organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self critical.
Lailah Gifty Akita|P's of life; Passionate life, Persistent life.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Untimely Meditations|These solitary ones who are free in spirit know thatin one thing or another they must constantly put on an appearance that is different from the way they think; although they want nothing but truth and honesty, they are entangled in a web of misunderstandings. And despite their keen desire, they cannot prevent a fog of false opinions, of accommodation, of halfway concessions, of indulgent silence, of erroneous interpretation from settling on everything they do. And so a cloud of melancholy gathers around their brow, for such natures hate the necessity of appearances more than death, and their persistent bitterness about this makes them volatile and menacing. From time to time they take revenge for their violent selfconcealment, for their coerced constraint. They emerge from their caves with horrible expressions on their faces; at such times their words and deeds are explosions, and it is even possible for them to destroy themselves.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|It is always worth asking, "Who speaks through us?
Celia McMahon, Skye|Fantasy is a natural human activity. It certainly does not destroy or even insult Reason; and it does not either blunt the appetite for, nor obscure the perception of scientific verity. On the contrary. The keener and the clearer is the reason, the better fantasy will it make. If men were ever in a state in which which they did not want to know or could not perceive truth (facts or evidence), then Fantasy would languish until they were cured. If they ever get into that state it would not seem at all impossible/ Fantasy will perish and become Morbid Delusion.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Daring greatly, divine grace.
Clare Boothe Luce|In many cases, water stress is more about politics, economics, behaviour and governance than absolute water scarcity. Better planning is needed, to allocate water where societal need is greatest, and to allow trade-offs between alternative uses.
Laurent Lamothe|That's why I wanted to be part of this AIDS Project Los Angeles party. We help raise funds for those who are having a tough time with some very basic necessities, like shelter, food, and medical care.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Jesus.""I thought you were Jewish."He pressed his lips together for a second before looking at me. "Fine. I'll say Moses. Or Abraham. Happy?""I doubt Jesus is.
Paulo Coelho|So what, you assumed you’d show up before the dance and I’d magically be ready to go? I need warning to get beautiful.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Forgiveness is another way of saying, "I need to mind my own business.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When your mind is foggy, all you need is the winds of wisdom!
Tahereh Mafi|I love walking into a bookstore. It's like all my friends are sitting on shelves, waving their pages at me.
Blake Mycoskie|I'm interested in that drive, that rush to judgment, that is so prevalent in our society. We all know that pleasurable rush that comes from condemning, and in the short term it's quite a satisfying thing to do, isn't it?
Now and Then|As we grow older, it becomes difficult to just believe. It's not that we don't want to, but too much has happened and we can't.
Julia Child|A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He says 'I was beaten', he does not say 'My men were beaten.'
Mary Papas, 14 Twisted Tales To Enthrall|...but there are stories that cannot begin at their beginning, and perhaps this is one of them.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|Sounds like the start of a beautiful friendship, Leonard. It really does.” “Here’s looking at you, kid.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|Like racism, misogyny can never be adequately addressed by its victims alone.
Gugu Mona|What is the recipe for successful achievement? To my mind there are just four essential ingredients: Choose a career you love, give it the best there is in you, seize your opportunities, and be a member of the team.
Nabil TOUSSI|They feared you, and love can’t exist when there’s that much fear.
Alastair Reynolds, Century Rain|At times he felt that he had almost rather not be in love with her, for it brought him no peace. What was the use of it, if it was only going to be painful?
Syrie James, The Missing Manuscript of Jane Austen|Most importantly we have learned that from here on it is success for all or none, for it is experimentally proven by physics that "unity is plural and at minimum two" - the complementary but not mirror-imaged proton and neutron. You and I are inherently different and complimentary. Together we average as zero - that is, as eternity.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|For a professional magician, a stack of playing cards is as good as a stack of money.
Louise Erdrich, The Blue Jay's Dance: A Birth Year|She compares the deepest wells of depression to gestation, to a time enclosed, a secluded lightlessness in which, unknown and unforced, we grow.
Robert Lowell, History|The gum looked fresh. I sniffed it and it smelled all right. I licked it and waited for a while. When I did not die, I crammed it into my mouth: Wrigley's Double Mint.
Maurice Ravel|Music is given to us with the sole purpose of establishing an order in things, including, and particularly, the coordination between man and time.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|He who has lived and thought can't helpdespising people in his soul;him who has felt disturbs the ghost of irrecoverable days;for him there are no more enchantments;him does the snake of memories, him does repentance bite.
Dianne Bourque|Sometimes, I worry I'm winning.
Lynne Sharon Schwartz|As your care recipient’s advocate, be involved, don’t accept the status quo, and don’t be afraid to voice your concerns.
Harry S Truman|We want to take good tidings home to our people, that they may sleep in peace.
Bernard Sumner|My mother and I looked at each other then, full in the face, more frankly than we'd done since I was small. I realized with a jolt that I was taller than she was by at least half a foot. When on earth had that happened? The realization made me want to sit down on the stairs and cry. It seemed to signify something terrible about the world: something that couldn't - or mustn't- be put into words. And I could see, looking down into her startled, anxious face, that my mother felt exactly the same way.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|God's word is alive, so full of spiritual truth and wisdom that even a single passage can be digested for a lifetime
Tom Robbins|Our lives are not as limited as we think they are; the world is a wonderfully weird place; consensual reality is significantly flawed; no institution can be trusted, but love does work; all things are possible; and we all could be happy and fulfilled if we only had the guts to be truly free and the wisdom to shrink our egos and quit taking ourselves so damn seriously.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|I suppose the only time we ever really get to be happy in life—like one hundred percent blissful—is when we’re little kids.""Because there’s less to worry about?""Because we’re too stupid to know how worried we should be.
Grant Morrison, Batman: Arkham Asylum - A Serious House on Serious Earth|Please go to this pizzeria. Order the margherita pizza with double mozzarella. If you do not eat this pizza when you are in Naples, please lie to me and tell me that you did.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|You cannot have a moral holiday and remain moral, nor can you have a spiritual holiday and remain spiritual. God wants you to be entirely his, and this means that you have to watch to keep yourself fit. It takes a tremendous amount of time. Some of us expect to “clear the numberless ascensions”* in about two minutes.
Eugene P. Odum|The future belongs, not to those who have the most, but to those who do the most with what they have.
Marcus Garvey|Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
ETC Wanyanwu|In academics, an excellent result without personal effort is a copied work
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the wilderness, our faith is tested, and God faithfulness is manifested.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Look at me!" he would shout as he ran laughing through the halls of Storm's End. "Look at me, I'm a dragon," or "Look at me, I'm a wizard," or "Look at me, look at me, I'm the rain
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|He had to do so many things and make each appear as though it were the only thing he had to do. He had to compartmentalize everything, when on one task to pretend that the others didn't exist.
Sophia Amoruso|At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design.
Chrissy Teigen|I didn't go abroad until quite late. A friend drove us to Amalfi, Italy, for his sister's wedding when I was a teenager. It was exciting driving through Europe.
Mark-Paul Gosselaar|Horses and mules, and even sail cars, made more rapid progress than did the earliest locomotive.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|You want a revolution, start murdering innocents.
Priscilla Koranteng, Trails to the Stream: Poetry and Inspiration for Everyday Living|There is always something good and unique in the life of every woman so put those talents and wisdom to good use today, by so doing you will make your world a better place than you met it.
Ryan Holiday, Ego Is the Enemy|... life isn’t a battle between us and the rest of the world, but rather a battle to overcome ourselves - our inimitable egos ...
Mehmet Murat ildan|We have examined the universe in space and seen that we live on a mote of dust circling a humdrum star in the remotest corner of an obscure galaxy. And if we are a speck in the immensity of space, we also occupy an instant in the expanse of ages. We now know that our universe or at least its most recent incarnation - is some fifteen or twenty billion years old. This is the time since a remarkable explosive event called the Big Bang. At the beginning of this universe, there were no galaxies, stars or planets, no life or civilizations, merely a uniform, radiant fireball filling all of space. The passage from the Chaos of the Big Bang to the Cosmos that we are beginning to know is the most awesome transformation of matter and energy that we have been privileged to glimpse. And until we find more intelligent beings elsewhere, we are ourselves the most spectacular of all the transformations - the remote descendants of the Big Bang, dedicated to understanding and further transforming the Cosmos from which we spring
James Gunn|I see all these people talking about acting as a great spiritual thing. It's not. There's no great mystery to acting. It's a very simple thing to do, but you have to work hard at it. It's about asking questions and using your imagination.
Amanda Crew|One of my favorite things about working on 'Glory Daze' is getting to wear amazing '80s outfits coupled with fabulously over-the-top hair and makeup. My wardrobe usually consists of colorful sweaters, denim skirts, high-waisted shorts, crop tops, dangly earrings, jean jackets, and, of course, panty hose and shoulder pads.
Karen Salmansohn|Please do not become so hurt by life that when someone loving comes along, or something good happens, you resist allowing the love and joy in.
Toni Sorenson|Happiness isn’t the reward we retrieve after a long struggle. It arrives daily, in those clear moments when our hearts are tender, pricked by the embrace of a loved one, the beauty of a single flower, the majesty of the world in which we are central. Look over your shoulder at how far you’ve come and all the good things you’ve experienced and that is when you will see the smiling face of happiness.
Gabrielle Union|The Arab League tells us to go in and take out Qaddafi. We've spent billions of dollars already with respect to the Arab League. Billions of dollars, because they told us to do it. Why aren't they paying for it? They don't like Qaddafi, Qaddafi's been a terrible thorn in their side.
Herman Wouk|I mean, I was born the day war broke out, but I don't remember all the bombs though they did actually break up Liverpool, you know. I remember when I was a little older, there was big gaps in all the streets where houses used to be. We used to play over them.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|My mind is curiously alert; it's as though my skull had a thousand mirrors inside it. My nerves are taut, vibrant! the notes are like glass balls dancing on a million jets of water. I've never been to a concert before on such an empty belly. Nothing escapes me, not even the tiniest pin falling. It's as though I had no clothes on and every pore of my body was a window and all the windows open and the light flooding my gizzards. I can feel the light curving under the vault of my ribs and my ribs hang there over a hollow nave trembling with reverberations. How long this lasts I have no idea; I have lost all sense of time and place. After what seems like an eternity there follows an interval of semiconsciousness balanced by such a calm that I feel a great lake inside me, a lake of iridescent sheen, cool as jelly; and over this lake, rising in great swooping spirals, there emerge flocks of birds of passage with long slim legs and brilliant plumage. Flock after flock surge up from the cool, still surface of the lake and, passing under my clavicles, lose themselves in the white sea of space. And then slowly, very slowly, as if an old woman in a white cap were going the rounds of my body, slowly the windows are closed and my organs drop back into place.
Susan Grieshaber and Felicity McArdle|The art and craft of early childhood teaching is in making decisions about fun, play and work. And it is this crafting that distinguishes the professional from the baby-sitter, parent or child minder.
Erma Bombeck|When Eleanor Roosevelt was asked if she had any regrets about her life she replied "Just one. I wish I had been prettier."
Zack Oates, Dating Never Works... until It Does: 100 Lessons from 1,000 Dates|(Take a deep breath for this next run-on sentence) I believe that two people can fall madly in love and sift that fairy-tale feeling up through the raging sands of reality to settle on top as a polished stone of true joy, where the "happily ever after" will be something two mortals are working towards and not a finished product.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|When I was younger, I would cling to life because life was at the top of the turning wheel. But like the song of my gypsy girl, the great wheel turns over and lands on a minor key. It is then that you come of age and life means nothing to you. To live, to die, to overdose, to fall in a coma in the street... it is all the same. It is only in the peach innocence of youth that life is at its crest on top of the wheel. And there being only life, the young cling to it, they fear death… And they should! ...For they are 'in' life.
JohnA Passaro|I was amongst them – the first female pilot who had got admission to the Sturmoviks…Since my childhood I’d been lucky enough to meet good people. Wherever I studied, wherever I worked I would meet loyal friends, kind-hearted tutors. I was trained at the factory school by the old craftsman Goubanov, I was assisted by the engineer Aliev, who was the shift boss, in my transfer to the most important sector of operations – the tunnel. I was trained by the superb instructor Miroevskiy in the aeroclub, the secretary of the Ulyanovsk District Comsomol Committee gave me a hand at a very hard moment of my life, then there was Maria Borek from Leningrad, the Secretary of the Smolensk District Comsomol Committee, the Commissar of the Smolensk aeroclub…Was it really possible to count all those who had warmed my soul with their sympathy and human kindness and helped me to realize my dream!
James Arthur|Trust me: our critical infrastructure is vulnerable to cyber-attack, to potential terrorist attack, and we are not taking this threat seriously enough.
William Faulkner|I'm bad and I'm going to hell, and I don't care. I'd rather be in hell than anywhere where you are. 
Bernard Tschumi|My apartment reflects my views as an architect. It is minimal, austere. The architecture doesn't impose itself upon you. The apartment is a stage for other things to take place.
Travis Luedke, The Nightlife: Las Vegas|For someone so intuitive,” he said, shaking his head, “sometimes you only see what you expect to see.
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|He crossed his arms over his chest, "I don't get why you push everyone away.""This isn't the time to talk about this.""Should I set up an office visit?
Cat Hellisen, When the Sea Is Rising Red|Mechanics is a means or discipline for the realization of life, but not life itself. It ought to carry us to life itself.
Dante Alighieri|Experience has thought me that there is only one short step between Love and Hate, as there is between Life and Death.
Alexander Theroux, Darconville’s Cat|Will I have to use a dictionary to read your book?" asked Mrs. Dodypol. "It depends," says I, "how much you used the dictionary before you read it.
Judith Mackrell, Flappers: Six Women of a Dangerous Generation|Those who marry before love "Manage Love" and those who love before marriage ,“Manage Marriage".
Jonah Books.com|If you are not awed in the presence of a Holy God, then I say you may be like the crowds we have been observing in the Gospel of Mark and think of Jesus as no more than a winning lottery ticket to solve your immediate problems. Once the ticket is cashed, you take the money and go your own way.
Alexandra Adornetto|At the end of the day, all you can hope for is to go on. The older I get, the more I realize that just keeping on keeping on is what life's all about.
Frank Wanderer|Our real Self does not ask questions, as it does not require answers. It is there, it is present Now. We are only able to find it if we forget about questions and submit to the Self, radiating its light in the Present!
Ehud Olmert|If you simply put your faith in Jesus coming down in flesh, through a human being, God becoming flesh living on the earth, dying on the cross for the sins of the world, being buried, and being raised from the dead - yours and mine and everybody else's problems will be solved.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|I assure you, my good Lestrade, that I have an excellent reason for everything that I do.
Rebecca Sparrow, The Year Nick McGowan Came to Stay|For a moment we sit in silence. Eventually, I turn to him and say, "Do you believe in God?" His eyes narrow for a moment and he stares at me at me for a while. Stares in a rather intense way, like a doctor looking at a troubling X-ray. Then he looks out the and says in a voice like shattered glass, "Only in storms.
Will Self|Don't look back until you've written an entire draft, just begin each day from the last sentence you wrote the preceding day. This prevents those cringing feelings, and means that you have a substantial body of work before you get down to the real work which is all in ... the edit.", The Guardian, 20 February 2010]
Gabriel García Márquez, Of Love and Other Demons|He's no idiot, in fact he's a genius... and that's as far from an idiot as you can get without reaching madness.
Jimvirle/Jinvirle|God cannot resist the man who desires Him ardently. The chief reason why we do not find God is we do not desire Him ardently enough. Like air, the day you desire God as desperately as you desired to breathe, you will surely find Him.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, Mosses from an Old Manse|Good always has a price, Marcus. Evil comes free.
Daniel Radcliffe|I used to be self conscious about my height, but then I thought, fuck that, I'm Harry Potter.
Murasaki Shikibu, The Diary of Lady Murasaki|Well, we never expected this!" they all say. "No one liked her. They all said she was pretentious, awkward, difficult to approach, prickly, too fond of her tales, haughty, prone to versifying, disdainful, cantankerous, and scornful. But when you meet her, she is strangely meek, a completely different person altogether!"How embarrassing! Do they really look upon me as a dull thing, I wonder? But I am what I am.
Steve Maraboli|Your actions and approach with what you have, will showcase to others what you would be able to do with more.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life|Spring is made of solid, fourteen-karat gratitude, the reward for the long wait. Every religious tradition from the northern hemisphere honors some form of April hallelujah, for this is the season of exquisite redemption, a slam-bang return to joy after a season of cold second thoughts.
K. Towne Jr.|Sometimes you just want to stop and dance and celebrate mortality. Stop, dance feed your spirit.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The men upon whose shoulders rested the initial responsibility of Christianizing the world came to Jesus with one supreme request. They did not say, “Lord, teach us to preach”; “Lord, teach us to do miracles”; or “Lord, teach us to be wise” . . . but they said, “Lord, teach us to pray.
John Wilmot, Sodom, or the Quintessence of Debauchery|BOLLOXIMIAN:My pleasures for new cunts I will uphold,And have reserves of kindness for the old.I grant in absence dildo may be usedWith milk of goats, when once our seed’s infused.My prick no more to bald cunt shall resort—Merkins rub off, and often spoil the sport.POCKENELLO:Let merkin, sir, be banished from the court.PENE:'Tis like a dead hedge when the land is poor.
Ruth Brandon, Governess: The Lives and Times of the Real Jane Eyres|...As marriage was woman's business, unmarried women, though doubtless unfortunate, must simply be considered as business failures: harsh, doubtless, but in tune with the sink-or-swim capitalist times.
Shahid Khan|If your goal is to lose 10 pounds, you may wake up each day with failure in mind because the goal is hard to reach, and you are progressing only by small amounts. It takes up all your willpower. I recommend that instead of a goal, you have a system.
Nancy B. Brewer|Children worked in the mills: "I will always believe that children are designed for green meadows and play, not for factories and cotton dust.
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|I think if a man beats you and fucks half the women he sees and no one will help you, axing him isn’t the least understandable thing you can do.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|As far as we are concerned, there is no dislike, no personal tension, no disunity or strife that cannot be overcome by intercessory prayer. Intercessory prayer is the purifying bath into which the individual and the community must enter every day.
Mohsin Hamid|Human beings don’t necessarily exist inside of (or correspond to) the neat racial, gendered or national boxes into which we often unthinkingly place them.It’s a mistake to ask literature to reinforce such structures. Literature tends to crack them. Literature is where we free ourselves.
Claudia Carroll, Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow?|The first time you view a house, you see how pretty the paint is and buy it. The second time you look to see if the basement has termites. It's the same with men.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|Your poetry--it doesn't deserve to be locked away, hidden from the rest of the world. And neither do you.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|The conservatives could sneer about "social engineering" if they wanted, but I thought that most people believed as I did that government should embody our best hopes and lend a hand to people who were struggling.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|That was progress, right there. Except no one would ever know how hard I was working to keep my temper under control, because the whole point of keeping your temper under control is not doing things like throwing a milk carton in someone's face even though they clearly deserve it.
Romain Gary, خداحافظ گاری کوپر|-I love you, Lenny.-From the diaphragm.-What are you talking about?-You have to say it from the diaphragm. That's a muscle in here. Real deep, not from the throat. I tried to be an actor once and that's the first thing they told me. That's when I quit. I just didn't have that much in my diaphragm.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|Along with the trust issues, one of the hardest parts to deal with is the feeling of not being believed or supported, especially by your own grandparents and extended family. When I have been through so much pain and hurt and have to live with the scars every day, I get angry knowing that others think it is all made up or they brush it off because my cousin was a teenager. I was ten when I was first sexually abused by my cousin, and a majority of my relatives have taken the perpetrator's side. I have cried many times about everything and how my relatives gave no support or love to me as a kid when this all came out. Not one relative ever came up to that innocent little girl I was and said "I am sorry for what you went through" or "I am here for you." Instead they said hurtful things: "Oh he was young." "That is what kids do." "It is not like he was some older man you didn't know." Why does age make a difference? It is a sick way of thinking. Sexual abuse is sexual abuse. What is wrong with this picture? It brings tears to my eyes the way my relatives have reacted to this and cannot accept the truth. Denial is where they would rather stay.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The purest form of thanksgiving unto God is a reflected in our knowledge and understanding about who He is, not what we receive from Him! Thanksgiving is a continuous celebration of God's awesome nature and Supreme Being!
Benjamin R.  Smith, Sketches: An Erotic Collection|Many perfumes promise to lure men to women. None of them smell of motherhood. None of them proclaim the wearer to be tidy, thrifty, and sensible.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|My family has always believed that when we are faced with large and apparently impossible problems, the best solutions are found by the insane people, not the sensible ones.
Darynda Jones, Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet|Since I didn't have a candy wrapper to help me with the bad connection I was about to have, I resorted to using vocal sound effects. When Agent Carson picked up, I started my performance. "Agent... Agent Carson," I said, panting into the phone."Yes, Charley." She seemed unimpressed, but I wasn't about to stop now."I--I know who the kshshshshshsh are.""I'm a little busy right now, Davidson. What is a Ksh, and why do I care?""I'm sorry. My kshshsh... is kshshsh... ing."I repeat. What is a Ksh? And why do I care if it is ksh-ing?"She was a tough one. I knew I should have waited and bought a Butterfinger at the Jug-N-Chug. Those wrappers crakled like Rice Krispies on a Saturday morning. "You aren't listeni--kshshsh.""You're really bad at this.""Bank ro-ksh-ers. I know who they kshshsh.""Charley, if you don't cut this crap out."I hung up and turned off my phone before she could figure out what I was trying not to tell her and call back.
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|Daffy bent down suddenly, and picked a small startled white flower. "Anemone," he said, handing it over; he made her repeat the word until she had it right. "Find me a silk to match that.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|It is worthy of note that killing oneself and killing someone is not the same. For the former, one should lose one’s faith, for the latter, one should never have any.
Erik Christian Haugaard, The Little Fishes|There just seems to be too much violence everywhere, even the news can't help break now and then on TV
Sylvia Plath, Letters Home|Between Sylvia and me there existed as between my own mother and me - a sort of psychic osmosis which, at times, was very wonderful and comforting; at other times an unwelcome invasion of privacy (words from Aurelia Plath from the Introduction)
Lady Gaga|I can only control my own performance. If I do my best, then I can feel good at the end of the day.
Claire Tomalin, Charles Dickens|He saw the world more vividly than other people, and reacted to what he saw with laughter, horror, indignation, and sometimes sobs.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Take outside - freedom. What is it? What does it mean to a madman? I’ll tell you, we go years through a lifetime with no love, no sex, no nice food and no nice clothes. So when it comes…we choke on it! The kindness strangles us; we can’t cope, so we make pigs of ourselves.
Colleen S. Myers|If you have not failed, you have not really tried.
Griselda Gambaro, Information for Foreigners: Three Plays|YOUNG WOMAN: Time is altered, the years to came are alteredYou know where you will find meI, fear, I, deathI, the memory beyond reachI, the recollection of the tenderness of your handsI, the sadness of our broken lifeI will defeat "it's not my concern" with my anguish
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|But had Minkowski and Einstein not recognized it long before us, our schizophrenic children would have taught us that space-time is a unity that precedes any separate understanding of either category; just as grasping this unity is a precondition for understanding causality.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|she was lying to him.”“But she is lying to him. You are lying to him aren't you?” Darren askedas he turned to me.“Of course!”“But the priest didn't know she was lying. Afterward, Moira had to chaseJacobi down to tell him the truth and then he hit her.”“He hit you?!”“Just in the arm. And even though it was supposed to be a hit it feltmore like a love tap.”“You guys! Y'all are making me skip over the best part!”“Right, the part where Moira is doomed to burn in hell. I almost forgot.Go ahead,” Darren encouraged.
Ron Brackin|Dogs, on the other hand... dogs have pure souls. Look at me." I grab her chin and look straight into her eyes. "Dogs are always good and full of selfless love. They are undiluted vessels of joy who never, ever deserve anything bad that happens to them. Especially you. Since the day I met you, you have done nothing but make my life better in every possible way. Do you understand?
Dale Archer|This idea that clumsy, stumbling people are real bright is ridiculous, because intelligence is related to neurologic function, and really intelligent people are very well-coordinated.
Tahnee Fritz, The Human Race|The second time, I had a freakin’ vampire at my back.” I froze. Oh shit. “No offense, Mr. Moreau,” I quickly added.“None taken, Agent Fraser. During the course of my lengthy life, I have been called many things, but ‘freakin’’ has never been one of them. I’ll consider it a novelty.
Santosh Kalwar|The Garden Under Snow "Now the garden is under snow a blank page our footprints write onclare who was never minebut always belonged to herselfSleeping Beautya crystalline blanketthis is her springthis is her sleeping/awakeningshe is waitingeverything is waitingthe improbable shapes of rootsmy babyher facea garden, waiting.
Robert Mueller|Either war is obsolete, or men are.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Beware of those who are stingy, for they would rather sting you than give you anything.
Alison Kemper, Donna of the Dead|Thank you, Deke. You are very good to me.” “I know,” he smirks. “Can I get back in your bed now?
Pablo Picasso|Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are tired of walking to your destiny, sprint.
Virginia Woolf|Keenan was staring at her, too intently for comfort. "I don't know why certain people shine for others. I don't know why you and not someone else." He gently pulled her forward and whispered, "But it's you I think of when I wake each morning. It's your face in my dr
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|The psychology of the change is that “People like to change, but do not want to be changed and there is the difference.
Nichole Chase, Suddenly Royal|We have long laboured under an obtuse presupposition that the senses by which other living creatures perceive their world must to a great extent resemble our own; but in fact we are, by scientific invention, only now beginning to approach methods of perception that the whales have always owned as their birthright.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Opposites though they are, both solitude and solidarity are essential if the artist is to produce works that are not only significant to his or her age, but that will also speak to future generations.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|Come, let me know whether thou art acreature of good or not.' And he replied: `I am a man.
Ole Hallesby|As white snowflakes fall quietly and thickly on a winter day, answers to prayer will settle down upon you at every step you take, even to your dying day. The story of your life will be the story of prayer and answers to prayer.
Karen Abbott, American Rose: A Nation Laid Bare: The Life and Times of Gypsy Rose Lee|I have a word to say to my sisters. When I reflect upon the duties and responsibilities devolving upon our mothers and sisters, and the influence they wield, I look upon them as the mainspring and soul of our being here. It is true that man is first. Father Adam was placed here as king of the earth, to bring it into subjection. But when Mother Eve came she had a splendid influence over him. A great many have thought it was not very good; I think it was excellent" (Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 199).).
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, New Essays on Human Understanding|When the purse becomes empty, the mind becomes full of issues.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|I have a lot of work to do today; I need to slaughter memory, Turn my living soul to stone Then teach myself to live again.
J.B. McGee, Forgiven|None of us deserve the good things that come our way. It's by grace, love and forgiveness that any of us experience joy.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|They are not mad. They're trained to believe, not to know. Belief can be manipulated. Only knowledge is dangerous.
Christopher Buehlman|Dad got furious when we lied to him. No, Dad got furious then we lied to him.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|It was heart-shaking. Glorious. Torches, dizziness, singing. Wolves howling around us and a bull bellowing in the dark. The river ran white. It was like a film in fast motion, the moon waxing and waning, clouds rushing across the sky. Vines grew from the ground so fast they twined up the trees like snakes; seasons passing in the wink of an eye, entire years for all I know. . . . Mean we think of phenomenal change as being the very essence of time, when it's not at all. Time is something which defies spring and water, birth and decay, the good and the bad, indifferently. Something changeless and joyous and absolutely indestructible. Duality ceases to exist; there is no ego, no 'I,' and yet it's not at all like those horrid comparisons one sometimes hears in Eastern religions, the self being a drop of water swallowed by the ocean of the universe. It's more as if the universe expands to fill the boundaries of the self. You have no idea how pallid the workday boundaries of ordinary existence seem, after such an ecstasy.
Italo Calvino|Your first book is the only one that matters. Perhaps a writer should write only that one. That is the one moment when you make the big leap; the opportunity to express yourself is offered that once, and you untie the knot within you then or never again.
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 2|He kept thinking about Mary. What a fool he'd been to let her go. To think, with the thoughtless assurance of youth, that the world was replete with endless possibilities. He'd thought it a mistake to choose so early in life and embrace the present good. He'd been a great one for looking for greener pastures. He'd kept looking until all his pastures were brown with time. ("Old Haunts")
Joy Casey, Betting on Fate|Her cheek brushed against his grey hoodie and the only thing she could think was, how can someone smell sweaty and amazing at the same time?
George MacDonald, Unspoken Sermons - Series I, II, and III|In life, you have a choice to be better or bitter.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|What's the good of a home, if you are never in it?
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|Down there between our legs, it's like an entertainment complex in the middle of a sewage system. Who designed that?
jessic lawson|Account of Love gave me several results, and its amazing:a.	When man doesn’t make time to talk to woman, woman feels man is not caring her.b.	When woman doesn’t make time to talk to man, man need to understand her problem.c.	When man makes mistake he had to give clarifications by speaking truth or even lying. d.	 When woman makes mistake mad had to accept all excuses given by woman.e.	When man suffers, most of the time he had to accept whatever happens.f.	When woman suffers, man had to make woman happy by doing anything possibleg.	When love ends man need to hide all the tears as he feels he is strong.h.	When love ends woman uses tears to blame the man for all the mistakes.
Jean M. Auel, The Valley of Horses|You are strong, self-reliant, entirely able to take care of yourself and of me... You are fearless, courageous; you saved my life, nursed me back to health, hunted for my food, provided for my comfort. You don't need me. Yet you make me want to protect you, watch over you, make sure no harm comes to you. I could live with you all my life and never really know you; you have depths it would take many lifetimes to explore. You are wise and ancient... and as fresh and young as a woman as... And you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I love you more than life itself.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|If I was ever glad to have gone, I was never glad to go.
Frida Kahlo|I wake up every day and I think, 'I'm breathing! It's a good day.'
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|If you have to injure someone, then make it so severe that his vengeance need not be feared.
Larry Page|I miss Saturday morning, rolling out of bed, not shaving, getting into my car with my girls, driving to the supermarket, squeezing the fruit, getting my car washed, taking walks.
Martin Yate, Knock 'em Dead Job Interview: How to Turn Job Interviews Into Job Offers|Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.
E. M. Forster|If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, I'll bet they'd live a lot differently.
♥EJ <---|I would rather live in a world where people shout, "This is wrong." than live in a world with superheroes saving the day.
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|The mistake ninety-nine percent of humanity made, as far as Fats could see, was being ashamed of what they were; lying about it, trying to be somebody else.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|My liege, and madam, to expostulateWhat majesty should be, what duty is, Why day is day, night night, and time is time,Were nothing but to waste night, day and time.Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit,And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes,I will be brief.
Ronda Rousey|I believe that my worth is not measured by what I do, by the honors that are bestowed upon me, or by material wealth that I might obtain. Instead, I am measured by the courage I show while standing for my beliefs, by the dedication I exhibit to ensure my word is good, and the resolve I undertake to establish my actions and deeds as honorable.
Osho|If you live consciously, if you try to bring consciousness to every act that you go through, you will be living in a silent, blissful state, in serenity, in joy, in love. Your life will have the flavour of a festival. That is the meaning of heaven: your life will have many flowers in it, much fragrance will be released through you. You will have an aura of delight. Your life will be a song of life-affirmation, it will be a sacred yes to all that existence is. You will be in communion with existence — in communion with stars, with the trees, with the rivers, with the mountains, with people, with animals. This whole life and this whole existence will have a totally different meaning for you. From every nook and corner, rivers of bliss will be flowing towards you. Heaven is just a name for that state of mind. Hell means you are living so unconsciously, so absurdly, in such contradiction, that you go on creating more and more misery for yourself.
Galen Cranz, The Politics of Park Design: A History of Urban Parks in America|For some people a thing may be right, and for others it may be wrong. There is no greater truth to morality -it is merely an opinion.
Pope John Paul II|Anyone with a heart, with a family, has experienced loss. No one escapes unscathed. Every story of separation is different, but I think we all understand that basic, wrenching emotion that comes from saying goodbye, not knowing if we'll see that person again - or perhaps knowing that we won't.
Brittany Snow|Whether it's the experiments on 'MythBusters' or my earlier work in special effects for movies, I've regularly had to do things that were never done before, from designing complex motion-control rigs to figuring out how to animate chocolate.
Garth Nix, Lirael|The world slides, the world goes, and death makes equal the rich and the poor
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Sometimes it is hard not to say "God forgive God." Sometimes, it is hard to say so much. But if our faith is true, He didn't. He crucified Him.
Mahrukh|If you want to know the place, Go see the local book store.
Amit Kalantri|See the life through your heart, understand it by your mind and love it like your soul.
Sunday Adelaja|The most important thing in life is to know the purpose of your calling, your vocation
Aniruddha Sastikar|The wise will hide your follies and help you learn, but the wicked ones will gossip about it with scoundrels.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|Life is an illusionist, proficient at its art.It proves to be bitter, an adversaryBut is indeed a friend in disguise, a silent well wisher.It forces us into arduous stations and assesses our limitations.It guides us to the path of defeat, even so secretly desires that we prove it wrong,It demands for us to rise despite the odds and lead it to, the path of victory.It is but a master illusionist.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|And this is Kimmie Elias.”Kimmie inhaled a loud breath. “I had a dream you were thelove child of Bugs Bunny and the abominable snowman, but in my dream that was a good thing, and you lived in a mushroom that hadsecret passages into outer space,” she said.And here he thought he’d already heard it all.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|There will be people who admire your strength and courage. But, there will also be those willing to knock everything you say and do. They think it goes unnoticed, but you have excellent peripheral vision. The trick is to never let them get the best of you. Don't become vulnerable to their deceptive nature. You were born to succeed.
Stephen King|Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|The pride of man hopes but to blame God for the evils of the world, and to praise himself for the good.
Luther Burbank|You speak in ignorant disdain of the foremost nation of the world," Yongxing said, growing angry himself, "like all your country-men, who show no respect for that which is superior, and insult our customs.""For which I might consider myself as owing you some apology, sir, if you yourself had not so often insulted myself and my own country, or shown respect for any customs other than your own," Laurence said.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|If this constant bitter disappointment was love, then I was perfectly fine not to have anything to do with it.
Anita Shreve, The Pilot's Wife|Among other things, Kathryn knew, grief was physically exhausting.
L. Frank Baum|All you need is confidence in yourself. There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger. The true courage is in facing danger when you are afraid, and that kind of courage you have in plenty.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|I have stories. But stories are not facts.''I like stories. Love them, actually. Most of the time they're better than facts.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|I'm going to talk to her.""And how's that going to go? You're just going to walk up to her and say, 'Hey, I know you've never seen me before, but I'm your dad. Oh, and guess what? You've won the evolutionary lottery: You're a vampire. Let's go to Disneyland!
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|There’s no going back, and there’s no hiding the information. So let everyone have it.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Scot Beds His Wife|He knew he could worm his way beneath her defenses—he’d read every word of those diaries. He knew the one absolute way to fulfill her every dream. The problem was, could he do that to her? He didn’t have to. He could turn about this moment and ride away. Yet that would mean leaving her forever.
Socrates, Apology|The greatest fear in life is not of death, but unsolicited change.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Mundane education is regrettably prosaic," - Jace Lightwood-Herondale
Annabel Pitcher, My Sister Lives on the Mantelpiece|Sometimes when I wake up, I forget that she's gone and then I remember and my heart drops like it does when you miss a step or trip over a kerb.
Aniruddha Sastikar|We guarantee rude emptiness for ourselves; later in life, when we treat children as - "empty buckets", today.
Edward Gibbon, The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire|War, in its fairest form, implies a perpetual violation of humanity and justice.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Invest in yourself, because you will only ever achieve the level of success that matches your level of wisdom.
Horace, The Satires of Horace|Saepa stilum vertas, iterum quae digna legi sint scripturas. (Turn the stylus [to erase] often if you would write something worthy of being reread.)
Wasif Ali Wasif|He who has no light in his heart, what will he gain from the festival of lamps.
Vishwanath S J|The past was "built", the present is "assembled" & the future - "programmed"!
Natalya Vorobyova, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|For once I didn't look away immediately. I forced myself to meet her contemptuous gaze. I allowed myself be swept away by it, to drown in it - the way I'd done so many times before. The way I would willingly do again. Because at least she was here to hate me. At least I had that. I watched my daughter conjure up the filthiest look in her vast arsenal before she turned away with complete disdain. I didn't mind that so much. It meant I could watch her, drink her in without her protest. Look at our daughter, Callum. Isn't she beautiful, so very beautiful? She laughs like me, but when she smiles... Oh Callum, when she smiles, it's picnics in Celebration Park and sunsets on our beach and our very first kiss all over again. When Callie Rose smiles at me, she lights up my life.When Callie Rose smiles at me.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|To me, a witch is a woman that is capable of letting her intuition take hold of her actions, that communes with her environment, that isn't afraid of facing challenges.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I would not hesitate to say I was addicted to the Internet in the first two years. It can be addictive, and things not taken in moderation have negative effects. But the alarmism around 'Facebook is changing our brains' strikes me as a kind of historical trick. Because we now know from brain science that everything changes our brains.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|The world is terrible," said Mark tonelessly. "And some are drawn down into it and drown there, and some rise above and carry others with them.
Turcois Ominek|Instead of buying something for you that you want I give you something that is mine, truly mine. A gift, a sign of respect for the person I have in front of me. Now you have a little piece of me with you which I gave you freely and spontaniously.
Roshan Sharma, The Reflection of Ultimate Truth|No matter what you accumulate from outside, or what your mind forms inside, it all comes down to the choice you make out of everything that is stored in your mind.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|Wait, I almost shouted, but didn’t, and that would be my burden to bear. Instead, I stood on the curb and I watched him disappear, lights fading in the distance like waking up from a dream.
Osho|No, the secret is that there's no reward and we have to endure our characters and our natures as best we can, because no amount of experience or insight is going to rectify our deficiencies, our self-regard, or our cupidity. We have to learn that our desires do not find any real echo in the world. We have to accept that the people we love do not love us, or not in the way we hope. We have to accept betrayal and disloyalty, and, hardest of all, that someone is finer than we are in character or intelligence.
Matshona Dhliwayo|True love is like diamonds; scarce, and priceless.
Derek Landy, Skulduggery Pleasant|I love you all, even those I don’t particularly like. That’s you, Beryl.
Avery Flynn, Bang|You survived,” Death said, appearing again as Cat. “They were vicious. If they’d –”“– Don’t go there.”“You’ve always known really bad people are following you,” Death said, softening what she was going to say. “But did you know I’ve been following you too?”“Why?” Word asked, not getting it.“Simple,” Cat said. “If I keep you alive many others won’t die.
Debasish Mridha|Let your life be joyful, mystical, everlasting blossoms of poetic ecstasy.
G.K. Chesterton, The Ballad of the White Horse|The great Gaels of Ireland are the men that God made mad, For all their wars are merry, and all their songs are sad.
Theodore Zeldin|The quarterback is the most vulnerable one on the field. He's in an awkward position a lot of times when he throws the ball. So he does have to be protected. You lose a quarterback, you're in trouble. I don't know if they can make it too safe. I think health becomes an issue.
Samhita Mukhopadhyay|The notion that women shouldn't care about personal success -- or the work that gets them there -- is disengenuous; it is impossible for women not to have jobs anymore, so it doesn't make sense to expect them to structure their lives around getting married. The real failure is our cultural incapacity to make room for women to live and thrive outside of traditional conceptions of femininity and relationships. After all, we can eat without marriage, but not without work.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We travel to new places, with every book, we read.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|I like to think that Henry James said his classic line, "A writer is someone on whom nothing is lost," while looking for his glasses, and that they were on top of his head.
Tsuyoshi Fujitaka, My Big Sister Lives in a Fantasy World: The World's Strongest Little Brother?!|The tradeoff between what you pay and what you receive may hardly make sound calculations in life situations), but survival has a cost.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The internet has become a carefully controlled and heavily monitored illusion. It has turned into both a circus and battleground. Popularity is rigged and can be bought. Censorship is in full effect. Popular opinion is fabricated, and the perception of a viewpoint's popularity is typically orchestrated and manipulated by legions of paid trolls. If you want to know the truth about somebody's true popularity and influence, look to the streets. If you want to know if a person is really guilty or innocent, study the facts yourself. Never judge anybody based on what you see or read on the internet. Information can easily be manipulated by the push of a few buttons.
Noureen DeWulf|Never die easy. Why run out of bounds and die easy? Make that linebacker pay. It carries into all facets of your life. It's okay to lose, to die, but don't die without trying, without giving it your best.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|A society needs to know when to forgive, but it also needs to know when to punish.
Plato|War is a need by a country that wants power, but the USA is already great
Colleen Houck|Don’t allow yourself to become disheartened when the thread doesn’t suit or seems unsightly to you. Wait and watch. Be patient and devoted. As the threads twist and turn, you will begin to understand, and you will see the pattern finally materialize in all its splendor.
Margaret D. Nadauld|There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of new heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in rubbish.
Moira Young, Rebel Heart|Ah, hell.His peripheral vision was working far too well tonight.His slut of a cousin, his cocksucking, suit-wearing, Montblanc-up-the-ass cousin Saxton the Magnificent, was standing next to the queen, looking like a combination of Cary Grant and some model in a goddamn cologne ad.Not that Qhuinn was bitter.Because the guy was sharing Blay's bed.Nah.Nope. Not at all.The Cocksucker-With a wince, he thought maybe he should switch that insult to something a little farther away from what the two of them ...God, he couldn't even go there. Not if he wanted to breathe.
Sri Mulyani Indrawati|Any constitutional amendment that simply gives Congress the option of regulating campaign finance fails to immediately achieve what the American people want, and that is a complete reversal of Citizens United and other Supreme Court decisions that have allowed corporations and the wealthy few to drown out the voices of everyday voters.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|Why has he taken this job?... For the sake of the dogs? But the dogs are dead; and what do dogs know of honour and dishonour anyway? For himself then. For his idea of the world, a world in which men do not use shovels to beat corpses into a more convenient shape for processing.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, May Bird, Warrior Princess|And though, truly, she sometimes felt like something inside her had disappeared, it seemed that must be a natural part of growing up. Standing out too much made one feel too alone to do it forever.
Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves|Those who had fought for what they called the revolution maintained a great pride: the pride of being on the correct side of the front lines. Ten or twelve years later (around the time of our story) the front lines began to melt away, and with them the correct side. No wonder the former supporters of the revolution feel cheated and are quick to seek substitute fronts; thanks to religion they can (in their role as atheists struggling against believers) stand again on the correct side and retain their habitual and precious sense of their own superiority.But to tell the truth, the substitute front was also useful to others, and it will perhaps not be too premature to disclose that Alice was one of them. Just as the directress wanted to be on the correct side, Alice wanted to be on the opposite side. During the revolution they had nationalized her papa's shop, and Alice hated those who had done this to him. But how should she show her hatred? Perhaps by taking a knife and avenging her father? But this sort of thing is not the custom in Bohemia. Alice had a better means for expressing her opposition: she began to believe in God.
Ben Lerner, Leaving the Atocha Station|, Stanhope delayed a moment behind Miss Fox to add: "The substantive, of course, governs the adjective; not the other way round.""The substantive?" Pauline asked blankly."Good. It contains terror, not terror good. I'm keeping you. Good-bye, Periel," and he was gone.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|You don't have to place your hand on Mary's heart to get strength and consolation and rescue, and all the other things we need to get through life. You can place it right here on your own heart. Your own heart.
Gloria D. Gonsalves|Daisy, simple and discreet flower,That earned the heart of this poet.
John Ralston Saul|I find Facebook absolutely fascinating because I don't think there's ever been any one source that had so much information about each of us - who we talk to, who our friends are, what books we read, what we're buying, what movies we saw, what our travel is.
Begoña Aretxaga|For every 100 women who earn a bachelors degree, 75 men do so. For every 100 American women who earn a Masters degree, 66 American men do so. For every 100 females, ages 20 to 24, who commit suicide, 624 males do so. For every 100 women, ages 18 to 21, in correctional facilities, 1430 men are so confined.
Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.|If you want a definition of what a coward is, it’s needing to push a whole class of people down so that you can walk on top of them.
Lou Ferrigno|You won't find a CEO who doesn't talk about a 'powerful culture' as a source of competitive advantage. At the same time, you'd be hard-pressed to find a CEO who has much of a clue about the strength of that culture.
G. M. Trevelyan|Her entire life, she’d been told sin was wrong, a black and white interpretation of what is evil and what is holy in the world—colored like a priest’s robe and collar—but she never believed it to be true. Sin was colorful: scarlet like rose blood, azure like skin deprived oxygen, violet as bruises, jade as rot; a colorful contradiction to the darkness and blinding light all are taught sin and holiness to be.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Gene Roddenberry|A negative judgment gives you more satisfaction than praise, provided it smacks of jealousy.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|One does not have to be a philosopher to be a successful artist, but he does have to be an artist to be a successful philosopher. His nature is to view the world in an unpredictable albeit useful light.
Henry Fielding, Joseph Andrews / Shamela|I have often wondered, Sir, [. . .] to observe so few Instances of Charity among Mankind; for tho' the Goodness of a Man's Heart did not incline him to relieve the Distresses of his Fellow-Creatures, methinks the Desire of Honour should move him to it. What inspires a Man to build fine Houses, to purchase fine Furniture, Pictures, Clothes, and other things at a great Expence, but an Ambition to be respected more than other People? Now would not one great Act of Charity, one Instance of redeeming a poor Family from all the Miseries of Poverty, restoring an unfortunate Tradesman by a Sum of Money to the means of procuring a Livelihood by his Industry, discharging an undone Debtor from his Debts or a Goal, or any such Example of Goodness, create a Man more Honour and Respect than he could acquire by the finest House, Furniture, Pictures or Clothes that were ever beheld? For not only the Object himself who was thus relieved, but all who heard the Name of such a Person must, I imagine, reverence him infinitely more than the Possessor of all those other things: which when we so admire, we rather praise the Builder, the Workman, the Painter, the Laceman, the Taylor, and the rest, by whose Ingenuity they are produced, than the Person who by his Money makes them his own.
Christopher Koch|When you have closed the Bible, you have neither closed God's mind nor shut God's mouth. God continues to speak, live and exist. I think we should consult the living God for the living word for living people dealing with death, destruction and despair in the midst of our hurt humanity. I believe love will conquer all.
Gaston Bachelard|Words are little houses, each with its cellar and garret. Common-sense lives on the ground floor, always ready to engage in "foreign commerce" on the same level as the others, as the passers-by, who are never dreamers. To go upstairs in the word house, is to withdraw, step by step; while to go down to the cellar is to dream, it is losing oneself in the distant corridors of an obscure etymology, looking for treasures that cannot be found in words. To mount and descend in the words themselves - this is a poet's life. To mount too high or descend too low, is allowed in the case of poets, who bring earth and sky together.
Sebastian Pole, Discovering the True You with Ayurveda: How to Nourish, Rejuvenate, and Transform Your Life|For all the types of pain that can lead to suffering there is a solution. Through opening our hearts with compassion to the pain that life brings, we can truly cure our pain and avoid our suffering. Then we can walk in the valley of love and experience the vast space within our heart.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|I have to know, I have to or else you will just rule me until the end of everything because you know and I do not.
Víctor del Árbol|I pretended I had urgent business at the prosecutor's table which, in one of The System's obvious tells, was always millimeters from the jury box.
Rhian J. Martin, A Different Familiar|Well, do you suppose I made up my mind then that what I had seen was something sickening? Not a bit of it. 'If it was done with such assurance and everyone thought it was necessary, then they must have known something I didn't,' was what I thought, and I tried to find out what it was. But I couldn't, no matter how hard I exerted myself. And since I couldn't, I couldn't join the army as I'd planned to, and not only did I not join the army, I couldn't find a place for myself anywhere in society, and ended up being no good for anything, as you can see.'Oh yes, we know all about how you're no good for anything,' said one of us, 'But tell us: how many men would be no good for anything if it weren't for the likes of you?
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|E.L. Doctorow said once said that 'Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can see only as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.' You don't have to see where you're going, you don't have to see your destination or everything you will pass along the way. You just have to see two or three feet ahead of you. This is right up there with the best advice on writing, or life, I have ever heard.
Rama Wibi, The Story of L'Arc~en~Ciel - 4 Colours in a Rainbow|berhati-hatilah kalo menghujat para maling dan pelacur. "Because we might do the same.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn's Fashion Bible: The Fascinating History of Everything in Your Closet|A T-shirt is a T-shirt. Spending hundreds of dollars on it doesn't elevate it. He was under-dressed, even if his casual outfit did cost more than my suit and tie.I once had another fashion victim tell me, 'This T-shirt cost twelve thousand dollars!'What difference does that make? If that's the message you want to send about yourself and your fashion sense, you should wear the price tag, or that should be the message on your T-shirt: 'Hi. This T-shirt costs more than a semester of college.' Or: 'Hi. I have money to burn. Please help me get rid of all this wealth.' And my shirt, in turn, would say, 'Great. Please write a $12,000 check to charity.
Eric Cartman|F*ck you guys, I'm goin' home
Michael Pollan, A Place of My Own: The Education of an Amateur Builder|Different cities visit us daily, they exist in the clouds.
Mitch Landrieu|It is an affront to our present, and it is a bad prescription for our future. History cannot be changed. It cannot be moved like a statue. What is done is done.
Cammie McGovern, Say What You Will|[S]ometimes people make a mistake for so long that it starts to feel like it's not a mistake at all. And then one day, you tell yourself it's for the best.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|If there were several ways to dwell with a perfect God, God wouldn't have had to leave His glory, entering a dead world to save us.
Robert A. Heinlein, Time Enough for Love|If you limit your choice only to what seems possible or reasonable, you disconnect yourself from what you truly want, and all that is left is a compromise.
Graham Moore, The Sherlockian|Amazing, really, to think of what a man could achieve with the simple ability to put pen to paper and spin a decent yarn.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Suppose your whole world seems to rock on its foundations. Hold on steadily, let it rock, and when the rocking is over, the picture will have reassembled itself into something much nearer to your heart's desire
George Alec Effinger, Live! from Planet Earth|Just because your electronics are better than ours, you aren't necessarily superior in any way. Look, imagine that you humans are a man in LA with a brand-new Trujillo and we are a nuhp in New York with a beat-up old Ford. The two fellows start driving toward St. Louis. Now, the guy in the Trujillo is doing 120 on the interstates, and the guy in the Ford is putting along at 55; but the human in the Trujillo stops in Vegas and puts all of his gas money down the hole of a blackjack table, and the determined little nuhp cruises along for days until at last he reaches his goal. It's all a matter of superior intellect and the will to succeed. Your people talk a lot about going to the stars, but you just keep putting your money into other projects, like war and popular music and international athletic events and resurrecting the fashions of previous decades. If you wanted to go into space, you would have.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|Knowing what we believe and why we believe it is not an option for the Christian, because as believers, OUR BELIEFS ARE THE VERY HEART OF WHO WE ARE.
Hilary Mantel|For many people, managing pain involves using prescription medicine in combination with complementary techniques like physical therapy, acupuncture, yoga and massage. I appreciate this because I truly believe medical care should address the person as a whole - their mind, body, and spirit.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Hermes smiled. "I knew a boy once ... oh, younger than you by far. A mere baby, re
Mehmet Murat ildan|Water is sagacious because it carries inside of itself the bottomless profundity of oceans, the cosmic looks of the clouds, subtle wits of the rivers, the inquisitive character of the rains and the silent meditation of the little lakes!
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|The lift is about SPEED and COMFORT, but the stairs are about CERTAINTY! The lift may go wrong but stairs seldom do, you can always take the stairs. They are BOUND to take you UP and to the END as long as you continue to climb!
Dan Wells, Partials|Well, thanks for not shooting anyone, I guess", said Marcus. "My contribution was to somehow refrain from peeing myself. You can thank me later.
John Schuerholz|The only difference between people who say they cannot perceive interdimensionally and people who consciously communicate interdimensionally is intent and practice. Most people access interdimensional information unconsciously. When they experience conscious contact with a non-human energy, they tend to pass it off as a curiosity or as intuition, or they cancel out the experience as too weird to deal with.
Jennifer Castle, The Beginning of After|Holding the knife with the blade against my palm, it became so clear how my life would only contain shadows now. Shadows of things gone; not just the people themselves but everything connected to them. Was this my future? Every moment, every tiny thing I saw and did and touched, weighted by loss. Every space in this house andmy town and the world in general, empty in a way that could never be filled.
Elizabeth Strout, Olive Kitteridge|It seems to Henry, as he takes his seat in his usual middle pew, that women are far braver than men
Michele Vail, Unchosen|I don't think anyone's past is ever truly gone. You carry every experience, good and bad, within you.
Franklin Pierce Adams|The resistance of a woman is not always a proof of her virtue, but more frequently of her experience.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|A ship with a hole underneath is doomed to sink! And ignorance is also a hole in the brain, a big hole!
Amber Lin, Falling For The Pirate|I have never paid for fornication, and I don't intend to begin with you. When you come to me, and come to me you shall, you shall do so of your own accord and wholly free of all commerce and custom.
Richie Norton|The moment you think you can do something that you previously thought you couldn't, you can.
Amy Butler Greenfield, Chantress Alchemy|Fifteen feet away, the wide River Thames rolled past, dark and deep and mysterious is the sullen-not-quite sunrise.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|Do you want to look back and wish you’d handled this differently? Most of us go through life feeling invincible, but none of us know what day will be our last. Is holding on to your anger truly worth it?
Carlos A.  Rodriguez|Dear church, John the baptist died for exposing the sins of others. Jesus died to actually pay for the sins of others.John was great, but we should not follow his model. Our model is Christ. So lets stop telling the world how bad their sin is and lets start sharing how good the Father has always been.
Michael Chabon, Telegraph Avenue|Mamma says she is quite certain that "how old is too old?" is not a question known to the Lord.
Bill Hicks|The tricks of magic follow the archetypes of narrative fiction - there are tales of creation and loss, death and resurrection, and obstacles that must be overcome.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|His argument runs like this: there is no goodness without free will. Without the ability to freely choose-or reject-the good, an individual possesses no control over his own soul, and without that control, there is not possibility of attaining grace. In the language of Christianity, a beliver cannot be saved unless the choice to follow Christ is freely made, unless the option not to follow him genuinely exists. Compelled belief is no belief at all.
Christopher Ash, Zeal Without Burnout: Seven Keys to a Lifelong Ministry of Sustainable Sacrifice|We decide where the time goes. There's so much freedom in that, and so much responsibility.
Conan O'Brien|One of the most amazing things about mathematics is the people who do math aren't usually interested in application, because mathematics itself is truly a beautiful art form. It's structures and patterns, and that's what we love, and that's what we get off on.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Latter-day capitalism. Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdivided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfashionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match. Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. It's the way of the world -- philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration.
Edmund Burke|I think that age as a number is not nearly as important as health. You can be in poor health and be pretty miserable at 40 or 50. If you're in good health, you can enjoy things into your 80s.
Jan Struther, Mrs. Miniver|It oughtn't to need a war to make us talk to each other in buses, and invent our own amusements in the evenings, and live simply, and eat sparingly, and recover the use of our legs, and get up early enough to see the sun rise. However, it has needed one: which is about the severest criticism our civilization could have.
Riley Noehren, Gravity vs. the Girl|Today I realized that I am nothing more than tomorrow's ghost. In a way, it robs my sense of self to know I'm always changing; at the same time, it provides incentive to have the best today possible so I can have a positive influence on tomorrow and, if need be, shake some sense into the living. (Samantha Green)
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|The path of the norm is the path of least resistance; it is the route we take when we're on auto-pilot and don't even realize we're following a course of action that we haven't consciously chosen. Most people who eat meat have no idea that they're behaving in accordance with the tenets of a system that has defined many of their values, preferences, and behaviors. What they call 'free choice' is, in fact, the result of a narrowly obstructed set of options that have been chosen for them. They don't realize, for instance, that they have been taught to value human life so far above certain forms of nonhuman life that it seems appropriate for their taste preferences to supersede other species' preference for survival.
Lynn Raye Harris, Hot Shot|A spark of fiery hunger shot through her as he took over, completely dominating the kiss, his tongue invading her mouth. His hand slid back and cupped her head in that way she loved. Craved.
Stephen Hawking|It would take six months to get to Mars if you go there slowly, with optimal energy cost. Then it would take eighteen months for the planets to realign. Then it would take six months to get back, though I can see getting the travel time down to three months pretty quickly if America has the will.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Clary," he said. "You're Clary. You're my best friend.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If a man can save himself, there is no need for a Saviour.
Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?|Capitalist ideology in general, Zizek maintains, consists precisely in the overvaluing of belief - in the sense of inner subjective attitude - at the expense of the beliefs we exhibit and externalize in our behavior. So long as we believe (in our hearts) that capitalism is bad, we are free to continue to participate in capitalist exchange. According to Zizek, capitalism in general relies on this structure of disavowal. We believe that money is only a meaningless token of no intrinsic worth, yet we act as if it has a holy value. Moreover, this behavior precisely depends upon the prior disavowal - we are able to fetishize money in our actions only because we have already taken an ironic distance towards money in our heads.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|And I guess when you take away the resentment and disappointment, it's that simple. It is what we do in families: we help, because we were helped.
H.L. Mencken, A Little Book in C Major|Truth would quickly cease to be stranger than fiction, once we got as used to it.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he is on.
Antonio Machado, Campos de Castilla|Hope says: one dayyou will see her, if you will only wait.Despair says:all you have left of her is your bitterness.Beat, heart…The earthhas not swallowed everything.
Mark Driscoll|To conquer your biology, stop seeing people sexually and start seeing them as family. In our day, we have really a perverted notion where it's like strangers and potential sexual objects.
|Don't wait until all your doubts and fears are gone before you start working on your dream, because the truth is that there will always be some fears and doubts left in your mind. However, the key is to never allow them to slow you down, place limitations on your life, or blur your positive vision for the future. You are greater than all your fears and doubts.
Bliss Carman|THERE is something in the autumn that is native to my blood—	 Touch of manner, hint of mood;	 And my heart is like a rhyme,	 With the yellow and the purple and the crimson keeping time.
Tana French, The Secret Place|If I had to get there without friends, I could do it. Had been doing it. I'd never met anyone who brought me somewhere I wanted to stay, looked at me and saw someone I wanted to be for good; anyone who was worth giving up the more I wanted down the line.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|Hopeful people are more easily controlled, but the volume must be managed. Too much hope leaves a person emboldened and resistant. Too little leaves them disabled and useless. But just the right amount of hope subjugates them. They cradle it like a dying ember, and they'll do anything to keep the wind from extinguishing it. They'll serve.
Daniel James Meeter|Religion has no power if God is not truly 'dangerous,' but religion also seeks to manage God, and make God safe.The second commandment speaks against the management of God. We cannot help but make our images of God, for God has given us imagination. But every image we make of God is finally a box: a cage, potentially an idol, from which the living God keeps breaking out. And if we try to keep God there, then God comes out with 'jealousy' to overturn our careful construction.The third commandment speaks against the management of God. To take God's name in vain is to make God useful to our projects and ourselves. We are wont to trivialize the truth of God and then disparage it for being trivial. We are told God's name in order to love this God, but loving God is not managing God but fearing [respecting] God. And with God, the attitudes of love and fear [respect] are not contradictory but complementary.
B.E.L. Forsythe, Origins|The table was covered with food like roast chicken, roast potatoes, roast parsnips, roast turkey, roast liquorice and, the centrepiece, a roasted knight.
Ufuoma Apoki|I love my own graceful gracious gracesensitive by sensitivity as can be.Religious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansReligion of Blue CircleOctober 21, 2016
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to emulate the peacefulness of a tree, love of a flower, the earth will be a garden of love and peace.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be kind. Let us love to live in harmony, peace, and happiness.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|When I was instructed to use medical oxygen to do my job at the W. M. Keck Observatory from 2001 to 2006, I was never told about the legal health information that is now posted on oxygen cylinders. My memories of the green medical oxygen cylinders that we would use daily is that they had no information on them and we were never given a recognised legal oxygen administration training course for routine daily use or a medical prescription from a doctor. We were shown the three oxygen cylinders at the facility and told to use them whenever we developed headaches, which was multiple times daily. It was common to find all three oxygen cylinders in use by other very high altitude workers and to have to line up to get a turn on the magical medical gas.
Kait Ballenger, Midnight Hunter|He frowned. "Naked baby photos should be outlawed."	She closed the photo album. "So tell me, do you still have those cute dimples on your ass?
Menno Simons|Even in the Bible, the admonition in the Ten Commandments not to 'covet thy neighbor's wife' clearly referred not to lust in one's heart (adultery had already been covered in commandment number seven), but to the prospect of taking her as a debt-peon—in other words, as a servant to sweep one's yard and hang out the laundry.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|I don't know what to do, and if I did know what to do I wouldn't tell you, because if I had to tell you today then I'd have to tell you tomorrow, and when I'm gone you'd have to get somebody else to tell you.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|You focus on a single star,” I explained, as I searched for my spot. “Then you spin around, staring at that one star, until you can’t stand anymore.” I started spinning to demonstrate. “Then you lie down to watch the stars spinning above you while your star remains still.
Laura Preble, The Queen Geek Social Club|here's the thing about friends, I mean REAL friends: You can't just put up a poster at school and advertise for somebody and then hope you find the perfect one. It might work, I guess, but you'd look so pathetic and desperate that no one would want to be your friend, and so it would be kind of pointless
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|If you've got it, flaunt it. And if you don't got it? Flaunt it. 'Cause what are we even doing here if we're not flaunting it?
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|You can learn to heal yourself, learn to understand that the pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow!
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians|You see, that is the sad, sorry, terrible thing about sarcasm.It's really funny.
George Herbert Mead|I think President Obama wanted to have the right fit for his different cabinet positions, and I believe that experience is what mattered most to him. In my case, I have been working to improve the overall quality of life for working families for most of my adult life, and I think that experience resonated with the president.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|I'm way hot," he muttered. "But I don't feel sick. Just — way hot."Fang
Jennifer Cox, Around the World in 80 Dates|You were falling for me, and I was falling for you, and we were falling together into the land of the fallen.
William Golding|The easiest way to be immortal is to stop thinking and the easiest way to stop thinking is to work hard physically! Remember, when you don’t think, you are immortal!
Bethany Hamilton|I have played on many teams throughout my career, and I know when a team has the tools, and the right positive attitude towards winning.
André Breton, The Magnetic Fields|We all love conflagrations. When the sky changes color, it is a dead man's passing.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground|We've all grown unaccustomed to life, we're all lame, each of us more or less. We've even grown so unaccustomed that at times we feel a sort of loathing for real "living life," and therefore cannot bear to be reminded of it. For we've reached a point where we regard real "living life" almost as a labor, almost as a service, and we all agree in ourselves that it's better from a book.
Chester Nimitz|God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right, even though I think it is hopeless.
Robert Kiyosaki|My dad had a church of 90 people when I was born. It was just, over the years it continued to grow.
Amy E. Mason, 365 Pocket Prayers for Women: Guidance and Wisdom for Each New Day|Whenever I feel as if my faith is being tested, give me the grace to see you moving in my life to strengthen my relationship with you.
Jeff Lindsay|I saw myself as a teacher's pet but with a little of Ed Haskell mixed in. I was the teacher's pet, but that didn't mean that I was trying to pull one over.
Jean Craighead George, The Talking Earth|If you do not have a memory like an elephant, leave impressions like one.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|It is very seldom that one encounters what would appear to be sheer unadulterated evil in a human face; an evil, I mean, active, deliberate, deadly, dangerous. Folly, heedlessness, vanity, pride, craft, meanness, stupidity - yes. But even Iagos in this world are few, and devilry is as rare as witchcraft. ("Bad Company")
Fran Tarkenton|If an actor knows how to milk a cow, I always know it will not be difficult to be in business with him.
Mark Morford|At once, it’s clear I cannot gush. We try me playing cocky, but I just don’t have the arrogance. Apparently, I’m too “vulnerable” for ferocity. I’m not witty. Funny. Sexy. Or mysterious By the end of the session, I am no one at all.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|She (my mother) stood always prepared in herself to challenge the world in our place. She did indeed tend to make the world look dangerous, and so it had been to her. A way had to be found around her love sometimes, without challenging that, and at the same time cherishing it in its unassailable strength. Each of us children did, sooner or later, in part at least, solve this in different, respectful, complicated ways.
Niels Bohr|From the beginnings of literature, poets and writers have based their narratives on crossing borders, on wandering, on exile, on encounters beyond the familiar. The stranger is an archetype in epic poetry, in novels. The tension between alienation and assimilation has always been a basic theme.
Howard Jacobson|February is always a bad month for TV sports. Football is gone, basketball is plodding along in the annual midseason doldrums, and baseball is not even mentioned.
Ellen Airgood, South of Superior|It was more that he did better being busy, keeping to a routine. It helped hold the black dogs of thought at bay. Also he had learned that a person could be happy with having done the best they could under the circumstances. It didn't always have to be bright and shiny and impressive to the outside observer.
Chrisper Malamsha|They say family's first, but family is the first to get you hurt
Dita Von Teese|You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches.
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|Bones didn’t share any of my qualms about suddenly holding an arm that wasn’t attached to a body anymore. He just grabbed the ghoul by his other arm and began thumping him over the head with the loose limb. I’d heard Bones threaten to beat someone with their own limb before, but I’d always assumed that was a figure of speech. Apparently not.
Maria Callas|You have enemies? Why, it is the story of every man who has done a great deed or created a new idea. It is the cloud which thunders around everything that shines. Fame must have enemies, as light must have gnats. Do no bother yourself about it; disdain. Keep your mind serene as you keep your life clear.
Magica Quartet, Puella Magi Madoka Magica, Vol. 03|Why is it men think you have to accept an apology, just because one is offered?
Bebe Moore Campbell, Your Blues Ain't Like Mine|I wanted to drag them all out, flay us all, destroy all the artificial separations of history. You'd merely done what I had, after all--split from two cells into four then eight then sixteen until you've accumulated all your arms and legs and organs and pushed yourself into the world--so fucking what? You honkey, nigger, spic, dyke, cunt. If I cry out, who will hear me?
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Respect when earned, should be protected because when lost, it would be hard to recover it. When one trusts and relies on you so much and you take it for granted, the day such a person would take a decision to disrespect you, forget it, you are a goner
L. Frank Baum|In fact the "mask" theme has come up several times in my background reading. Richard Sennett, for example, in "The Corrosion of Character: The Personal Consequences of Work in the New Capitalism", and Robert Jackall, in "Moral Mazes: The World of Corporate managers", refer repeatedly to the "masks" that corporate functionaries are required to wear, like actors in an ancient Greek drama. According to Jackall, corporate managers stress the need to exercise iron self-control and to mask all emotion and intention behind bland, smiling, and agreeable public faces. Kimberly seems to have perfected the requisite phoniness and even as I dislike her, my whole aim is to be welcomed into the same corporate culture that she seems to have mastered, meaning that I need to "get in the face" of my revulsion and overcome it. But until I reach that transcendent point, I seem to be stuck in an emotional space left over from my midteen years: I hate you; please love me.
Shannon L. Alder|Don't talk yourself into falling in love with someone. Either, you are in love or you are not. True love is not a choice. It is something you know in your heart when all guilt, doubt and fear are removed.
Helen Oyememi|Speaking with spiders and other things you call unusual... there's no special trick to it. When something catches your attention just keep your attention on it, stick with it 'til the end, and somewhere along the line there'll be weirdness.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|The psyche is the essence of humanity, its greatest instrument, an indefinable, multidimensional creative entity of enormous scope, subtlety, and power that eludes all attempts to explain it, including this one. The psyche becomes impossible to fully describe because there is nothing, including the process of describing it, that is not 'it' in action.
Susan Mallery, All Summer Long|He was funny and charming, but also kind. It seemed the older she got, the more she appreciated kindness in people.
Oscar Wilde|Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.
Thomas Babington Macaulay|With the smell so close, the ocean came into view only a few moments later, sometimes peeking between old brick buildings with bright blue eyes, other times peering for a lingering moment like long lost relatives seeing one another for the first time.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|Soon you shall be landing In the battleground, ensure you have the right weapons to fight the enemy; ensure you know your enemy and what he is capable of; take them unprepared to gain the victory and stand with your head held high; show it to the world the cause you have been fighting for, deception is the key, challenge your enemy when it is least expected; break them mentally before breaking them physically. You are a soldier; your enemy is a soldier and you are facing the best, both sides have a lot of similarities only variation lies in the cause. Cause is driver for the battle; cause is binding comrades together and even if the victory is gained the cause stays undefeated. You stand defeated for your strategy, tactics and leaders but never for the cause, it’s still alive, it shall always be alive with the men who have sacrificed their lives, with the men who are still alive. They stand defeated with the physical strength but not for the cause they have believed in and you can never take it away from them. Fight for a cause and you shall stay invincible.A war story is always biased towards one side and it’s hard to narrate a true war story. We choose and make our heroes from what we have read, heard and believed in. If we know the cause both sides are standing for, it will become difficult to take sides. Always respect your enemy, respect for the fact they are standing neck to neck with you, respect them for the courage they have shown to defend the other side, their land, respect them for whatever you have earned the respect for from your men, from your country and from your people.Powerful strategies, tactics, weapons, leaders are allies to the war, they support but never claims victory all my themselves Greatest wars won always had the greater cause. Rebel without a cause is never a rebel just an aimless person whose fate lies in the defeat.
Stefan Molyneux|If you can't share what's important to you with the people around you, then you have no relationships. It's all just proximity, and turkey, and sports, and weather, and bullshit.
Eraldo Banovac|Knowledge is a unique kind of property, indeed: you can share it with others, while still possessing it.
Anne Sexton, Anne Sexton: A Self-Portrait in Letters|I feel unspeakably lonely. And I feel - drained. It is a blank state of mind and soul I cannot describe to you as I think it would not make any difference. Also it is a very private feeling I have - that of melting into a perpetual nervous breakdown. I am often questioning myself what I further want to do, who I further wish to be; which parts of me, exactly, are still functioning properly. No answers, darling. At all.
R.K. Lilley, Grounded|And he glanced down at Mercy beside him, and saw in her face such radiant goodness, such a calm certainty, that it seemed to him that if he could only be with her all his life, he should know a love, and happiness, and peace that he had never known before.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|So that's what we did - rocketing down Sixth Avenue, dashing around the rest of the post-concert crowd, splashing our tracks until our ankles were soaked. You took the lead, and I started to lose my sprint. But then you looked back, stopped, and waited for me to catch up, for me to take your hand, for us to continue to run in the rain, drenched and enchanted, my words to Amanda no longer feeling like a requirement, but a foretelling.
Sydney Madwed|The purpose of all wars, is peace.
Thomas Aquinas|Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|I knew this feeling, the 2 a.m. loneliness that I'd practically invented.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|When I introduced you to Mary Ann, I wanted to call you my girlfriend, Elli,” he looked up at her to see her eyes were wide, “I’ve never had a girlfriend, so I’m not sure if I’ll do the boyfriend/girlfriend thing right, but the thought of you being with someone else, or me with someone else, actually hurts my gut, so I guess what I’m trying to say is,” he took a deep breath, this was huge, and he thought he sounded stupid but with the way her eyes were glazing over, maybe he was doing this right. “I was wondering if you wanted to be my girlfriend.” She smiled at him lovingly, cupping his face in her hands.“Are you sure? I’m kinda crazy.” He laughed, kissing her palm.“I’m sure.”“Then, yes, Shea, I would love to be your girlfriend.
Alexander McQueen|When one has not had a good father, one must create one.
Gary Keller, The One Thing: The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results|Although you can download all the productivity apps in the world (and I have), no app will make you care about what you have to do like the Rule of 3. The rule is dead s
Rosie Pugh|... all sorts of wonderful things got washed up on the beach – crates of clothes and cutlery and children’s toys, boxes of engine parts and television screens and electrical wires like tangled snakes in the water. I found them fascinating, like relics from a distant time, even though I knew it was us who lived in the past.
DuBose Heyward, The Country Bunny and the Little Gold Shoes|Cottontail knocked on the big front door and was admitted to the Palace. There she stood in her funny country clothes but none of the other four Easter Bunnies laughed, for they were wise and kind and knew better.
Dennis Lehane, Live by Night|You'd think family would be the one sure thing in life, the gimme? Points you got just for being born? So much thick, meaty stuff bound you to these people, so many interlocking spirals of history, genetics, common cause, and struggle that it should be the most basic of all drives, that you would strive to protect and love one another, yet this bond that should be the big no-brainer was in fact the hardest thing.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In earlier periods of history, adolescence was virtually unknown . . . Today, the span between childhood and adulthood may extend over ten years. Deferred adulthood is synonymous with deferred responsibility.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The vision is for the right time, although it takes time, wait for it , it will come true.
Margaret Drabble, The Pure Gold Baby|He shed a lake of blood and murdered a king for a cold, lonely throne.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|When people stargazing, they stare at stars,and many other things which they've already presumed commonly and universally as stars.
R.A. Salvatore, Night of the Hunter|It was a night where the rogue drow felt tiny, and yet grand, a part of something ancient, eternal, and as vast as his imagination and as warm as the love among these five freinds surrounding him ...
Terry Pratchett|But are there really good people? Good people, through and through? Or are we all just varying versions of bad people, some trying harder to be good?
Michael Bassey Johnson|Anger is like sex urge, once gratified, the inner voice calls you a stinking fool.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Errors, failures, They are just experiences that will obligate you to evolve.
Enock Maregesi|Katika dunia ya leo ambapo mamilioni ya watu hutegemea utandawazi kupata pesa, kuwa na imani kwamba kupokea pesa kutoka kwa mtu usiyemjua au mtu mwenye nia mbaya na wewe ni kikwazo kikubwa cha maendeleo kwa sababu, karibu kila mtu unayekutana naye ni Shetani. Shetani ni mtu yoyote mwenye nia mbaya na wewe. Hivyo, kama uliwahi kuambiwa kwamba kupokea pesa kutoka kwa mtu usiyemjua ni kitu kibaya futa imani hiyo. Utaachaje kupokea pesa kutoka kwa mtu usiyemjua wakati kila siku unamwomba Mungu akusaidie, na Mungu hutenda kazi zake pale tunapojisahau? La sivyo hutapata pesa unayotamani kupata katika maisha yako, na kamwe hutawaamini watu. Zaka huondoa laana ya mapato. Toa zaka kununua pepo uliyopewa na Mungu.
John Eldredge, Love and War: Finding the Marriage You've Dreamed Of|Mason knew what it was like to say things you didn’t mean, to just have them vomit out, and then feel that crushing ache when you realized you could never pull them back.
Cheryl Koevoet|Books are the salt of life; without them, there is no flavor.
Kate Inglis, Flight of the Griffons|Now to life...I grant you the ability to give, to take, to expedite, to wander, to love, to hate, to charge, to expend...All of life is beautiful for what it makes of us. With only this single shot, let us leap into the unknown with our eyes open and our hearts ready.
Isabel Allende, Kingdom of the Golden Dragon|No: a poor man who is ungrateful, unthrifty, discontented and rebellious, is probably a real personality, and has much in him...As for the virtuous poor...they have made private terms with the enemy, and sold their birthright for very poor pottage.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|Ch'in Shih-huang is the first emperor of China. He united seven separate kingdoms into a single nation. He built the Great Wall and was buried with the terra-cotta soldiers. The Chinese have mixed feelings about him. They're proud of the nation he created, but he was a maniacal tyrant.
Jack Campbell, The Dragons of Dorcastle|Just realize that the Mechanics do not exist and are not worthy of your attention. Unless they threaten you, and then you must kill them, Mage Alain. Mechanics are as merciless as they are mercenary. If any appear dangerous, kill them. ...What if he had remembered that advice during the bandit attack, when the Mechanic had pointed her weapon at his face? He could have killed her then. He could have tried at least. Then, when she was dead, the bandits would have found Alain and killed him, too. Clearly the advice of his elders was lacking in some respects.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...the real absurdity is that to love is to suffer, but the reverse isn't always true...
Mark Twain|If Charles Darwin reappeared today, he might be surprised to learn that humans are descended from viruses as well as from apes.
Thomas Carew, The Works of Thomas Carew|But a smooth and steadfast mind,  Gentle thoughts and calm desires,  Hearts with equal love combined,  Kindle never-dying fires:—  Where these are not, I despise  Lovely cheeks or lips or eyes.
Tom Holt, Falling Sideways|Ender nodded. It was a lie, of course, that it wouldn’t hurt a bit. But since adults always said it when it was going to hurt, he could count on that statement as an accurate prediction of the future. Sometimes lies were more dependable than the truth.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Knowledge acted upon makes all the difference, produces the different results we have in life.
John Bunyan|Do not surrender to the one that rules this world, you have the greater One in you
Osunsakin Adewale|Whenever you have good dreams never let it go , because dreams are seed which germinates result into fruitful tomorrow .
Laura Wiess, Leftovers|See, guys freak out. They hit critical mass and blast nuclear, white-hot anger out over the world like walking flamethrowers. But girls freak in. They absorb the pain and bitterness and keep right on sponging it up until they drown.
Alan Lightman, Reunion|I don't have your way with words "Sin said. "So I'm just going to go with a quick response. Ha
Vicki M. Taylor, Forever Until We Meet|He left the next morning, searching for a city with light that reminded him of me. He would mail me empty envelopes and boxes, I would take them into my closet, shut the door, and quickly open them. A flash of foreign light would fill the room, but only for a moment. I would whisper ‘this is what we’re like, this is what we’re like.’…
Bernard Cornwell, The Pale Horseman|And I looked,' Pyrlig said to me, 'and I saw a pale horse, and the rider's name was death.' I just stared in amazement. 'It's in the gospel book,' he explained sheepishly, 'and it just cam to mind.
Hugh Howey, Wool Omnibus|She said, "Do you have more things that you need, or more that you don't need?" I said, "It depends on what it means to need.
Tyra Banks|Ever since I was four years old, I loved making people smile, making them think, making them feel good, feel some kind of emotion.
Satya Nadella|I am proud to serve on the House Intelligence Committee, and every day, I see the lifesaving work of our men and women in uniform.
Helen Keller|It is not true that suffering ennobles the character; happiness does that sometimes, but suffering for the most part, makes men petty and vindictive.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|A great tactician creates plans. A good tactician recognizes the soundness of a plan presented on him. A fair tactician must see the plan succeed before offering approval.Those with no tactical ability at all may never understand or accept it. Nor will such people understand or accept the tactician. To those without that ability, those who posses it are a mystery.And when a mind is too deficient in understanding, the resulting gap is often filled with with resentment.
Marian Wright Edelman|Miss no single opportunity of making some small sacrifice, here by a smiling look, there by a kindly word; always doing the smallest right and doing it all for love.
John Ruskin|After people have repeated a phrase a great number of times, they begin to realize it has meaning and may even be true.
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|Our God is vulnerable. He is.This might be striking to some. The prominent view of God is strong, mighty, courageous - not vulnerable. God?Vulnerable? God didn’t only hang naked on a wooden cross, and He didn’t only do that because He loved us - but He did it all first. He made the first move. He initiated the relationship. He didn’t wait for us to clean ourselves up."For while we were still sinners, Christ died for us." The foundation of our relationship with God is vulnerability.
Tony McCoy|I have found the right way to deal with my diet, largely through trial and error, but also by having good people around me all the time, and they have given me the right advice for my body.
M.F.K. Fisher, How to Cook a Wolf|I believe that one of the most dignified ways we are capable of, to assert the reassert our dignity in the face of poverty and war's fears and pains, is to nourish ourselves with all possible skill, delicacy, and ever increasing enjoyment. And with our gastronomical growth will come, inevitably, knowledge and perception of a hundred other things, but mainly of ourselves. Then Fate, even tangled as it is with cold wars as well as hot, cannot harm us.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|That's what I meant,' said Pippin. 'We hobbits ought to stick together, and we will. I shall go, unless they chain me up. There must be someone with intelligence in the party.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|... luckily, Eden is soon populated. The ethical dimension begins when the other appears on the scene.
Demetri Martin, This is a Book|Socrates became a trendsetter. Other philosophers, including Plato and Aristotle and Gus, quickly followed suit, dropping their last names too. And, for centuries after that there would be countless imitators including oltaire, Michelangelo, and, much later, Cher.
Madeline  Martin, Highland Spy|Her breathing came faster, evidenced by the repeated rapid swell of her breasts against the low-cut bodice.	Before he could let his thoughts circle around once more, he cupped the elegant line of her jaw in his palm.	Her eyes widened.	“Are you going to kiss me?” she whispered.	Instead of answering, he lowered his mouth to the luscious warmth of hers.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Raven|She collected herself, and rose from the floor. “Until you have a better grasp on what we’re dealing with here, I’d appreciate your immediate proximity.”I did as she asked. She was the expert, after all.But what a terrifying thought, that the world’s foremost expert knew only enough to live in horror.
Erica Ridley, The Viscount's Christmas Temptation|I believe yours is the only wisdom, Demelza.
Wendelin Van Draanen, Runaway|Even though I don't personally believe in the Lord, I try to behave as though He was watching.
