Alice Walker|If you're silent for a long time, people just arrive in your mind.
Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood|He slammed her door shut and spun her so she was facing him.“One more for the road.” She stared at him with a perplexed expression but didn’t back away. “I want another taste,” he said, feeling his heart race. He leaned her against the car and crushed his lips against hers. This time she ran her fingers through his hair, making him moan. He wanted to touch the curves of her body through the thick fabric of her dress, but he forced himself to concentrate all his efforts on her sexy, soft, pouty lips. When he released her, they were both breathless. Her lips were chapped, and those golden eyes were on fire with a carnal sexuality. There was so much electricity between them that, if harnessed, they could power the whole damn city.
Olga Kurylenko|You just have to speak up. You just have to say, 'I would like to do this,' and it's amazing what people who listen can do for you.
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|It just feels like meeting him again was like seeing a blank paper ready to be sketched, a different idea to be drawn.
Chris Hayes|I don't have the feeling of being motivated by anger, revenge or frustration.
Confucius|The Master said, “A true teacher is one who, keeping the past alive, is also able to understand the present.”(Analects 2.11)
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|To my lovely starling, Maybe there are magical words that will make you understand, but if so, I do not know them. Words are your domain. I've always been better with pictures. I fear you think I am a monster. It's true I've disrupted many graves. The way I see it, the dead are dead. If, after their death, we can learn things from the about the human form - things that will increase the sum of human knowledge and the possibilities of art - what harm is that? After death, new life, new beauty. How can that be wrong? My friends and I have made use of some of the bodies as models. some we sell to surgeons who study them with the hopes of learning something about the frail mechanisms of the human body. I don't know exactly what Dottor de Gradi does in his workshop on the Rialto, and I was as surprised as you were to stumble on it. He couldn't - he wouldn't tell me if your friend's body ended up there. But he did assure me all of his work is focused solely on extending human life. I won't lie. I did it for the money as well. Don Loredan is holding a private exhibition in his palazzo tomorrow. The entry fee was quite steep but two of my paintings were accepted. This could be the beginning for me. I could find my own patrons. I could be more than just a peasant. Tommaso's assistant.So yes; a little for money. But mostly I did for the art.I don't expect these words to change how you feel. I simply want you not to see me as a monster. I don't want to be a monster. Not anymore. Not after meeting you. I know that we disrupted you dear friend's body, and for that I am deeply regretful. But if we had not done so, if I had not lingered in the San Domenico churchyard after standing guard for my friends, you and I might never have met. Meeting you is one thing I will never regret. I hope you like the painting. Consider tit a wedding gift. How stupid of me to let my heart go. It was a lovely fantasy while it lasted, though, wasn't it?Yours, Falco
Franz Kafka, The Complete Stories|All the greatest blessings are a source of anxiety, and at no time should fortune be less trusted than when it is best; to maintain prosperity there is need of other prosperity, and in behalf of the prayers that have turned out well we must make still other prayers. For everything that comes to us from chance is unstable, and the higher it rises, the more liable it is to fall. Moreover, what is doomed to perish brings pleasure to no one; very wretched, therefore, and not merely short, must the life of those be who work hard to gain what they must work harder to keep. By great toil they attain what they wish, and with anxiety hold what they have attained; meanwhile they take no account of time that will never more return.
Robin Tunney|These core principles - helping patients, preventing medical errors, promoting best practices and improving quality - are the reasons that health IT is featured in both the 2012 Republican platform and 2012 Democratic platform.
Zechariah Barrett|Jesus confronted many of the important issues of His time. He went into the temple, taught the New Testament message, and took action against those who were buying and selling on holy ground. He healed the widow, forgave the adulterer, and by His example, the righteous walked away in shame. He had said, whoever is without sin, cast the first stone (John 8:7 - paraphrase)! Not one pebble, nor one rock was thrown. He who had that right to judge, Jesus Christ, did not cast judgement either. He looked upon the sinner lovingly, and embraced them. He guided them to change and opened blind eyes to see. By Christ alone, was and is salvation attained. Truth is in the New Testament, and a Holy Spirit-guided understanding of it. It must be read without regard for self. For when self enters in, that is when misinterpretations and heresies arise.
Tom Perrotta, The Leftovers|Do women in love feel as men do? Do men love as women love? His virgin bride shared her pipe-frame bed all smiles and laughter. When they were intimate to the last degree on that bed, did Lou's experience join his, did his experience match hers, during this moment and that moment?
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|His hands lay flat on either side of him, his arms at his sides. He seemed barely to be breathing; she wasn't sure she was breathing herself. She slid her own hand across the bedsheet, just far enough that their fingers touched-so lightly that she would have probably hardly been aware of it had she been touching anyone but Jace; as it was, the nerve endings in her fingertips pricked softly, as if she were holding them over a low flame. She felt him tense beside her and then relax. He had shut his eyes, and his lashes cast fine shadows against the curve of his cheekbones. His mouth curled into a smile as if he sensed her watching him, and she wondered how he would look in the morning, with his hair messed and sleep circles under his eyes. Despite everything, the thought gave her a jolt of happiness.She laced her fingers through his. "Good night," she whispered. With their hands clasped like children in a fairy tale, she fell asleep beside him in the dark.
Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born: Motherhood as Experience and Institution|A life, a history, whole patterns of existence altered, simply by doing nothing. The silent lie. The act of omission.
William Gaddis, The Recognitions|You know what? You know what? You know what?' I was waving my finger under her nose. 'You scratched the Son of God. That's your ass, that's what.
Joe Biden|I don't read 'chick lit,' fantasy or science fiction but I'll give any book a chance if it's lying there and I've got half an hour to kill.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|After all is said and done, I believe the true measure of success is how many times you can bounce back from failure.
Rohan and Mohan Perera, Another Day from the World of Ro and Mo|What you gain another will lose, for What is there is all there is. What you share another will have, for What is there is enough for all.
Sidney Halston, Pull Me Close|Our society is stuck between problem and solution when it comes to treating mental illness. We cannot find a solution until we agree on the problem. And it is my humble opinion that the problem is fear. Fear of the unknown, fear of the misunderstood. Instead, let us seek to pursue knowledge over fear. Let's find a way to save lives that can be saved.
Jennifer Bonds, Once Upon a Dare|She couldn't detach from him, couldn't catch her breath, and didn't want to. Not ever again.
Jeremias Gotthelf, Die schwarze Spinne|For where belief dwells, the spider may not stir, neither by day nor by night.
Charlie Herrick|Violence is avoided, when we sit down with others, and discuss issues, and work together for solutions.
Vaclav Havel|A man who lives right, and is right, has more power in his silence than another has by his words.
Annie Dillard, An American Childhood|Father had stretched out his long legs and was tilting back in his chair. Mother sat with her knees crossed, in blue slacks, smoking a Chesterfield. The dessert dishes were still on the table. My sisters were nowhere in evidence. It was a warm evening; the big dining-room windows gave onto blooming rhododendrons.  Mother regarded me warmly. She gave me to understand that she was glad I had found what I had been looking for, but that she and father were happy to sit with their coffee, and would not be coming down. She did not say, but I understood at once, that they had their pursuits (coffee?) and I had mine. She did not say, but I began to understand then, that you do what you do out of your private passion for the thing itself. I had essentially been handed my own life. In subsequent years my parents would praise my drawings and poems, and supply me with books, art supplies, and sports equipment, and listen to my troubles and enthusiasms, and supervise my hours, and discuss and inform, but they would not get involved with my detective work, nor hear about my reading, nor inquire about my homework or term papers or exams, nor visit the salamanders I caught, nor listen to me play the piano, nor attend my field hockey games, nor fuss over my insect collection with me, or my poetry collection or stamp collection or rock collection. My days and nights were my own to plan and fill.
Frederick Weisel, Teller|People are complicated,” she said. “Didn’t they teach you that in biography school?
James Woolsey|I've always had an inquisitive mind about everything from flowers to television sets to motor cars. Always pulled them apart - couldn't put 'em back, but always extremely interested in how things work.
Dave Eggers, Your Fathers, Where Are They? And the Prophets, Do They Live Forever?|There is a simple way to become buddha: When you refrain from unwholesome actions, are not attached to birth and death, and are compassionate toward all sentient beings, respectful to seniors and kind to juniors, not excluding or desiring anything, with no designing thoughts or worries, you will be called a buddha. Do not seek anything else.
Tad R. Callister, The Infinite Atonement|The Savior was no ivory-tower observer, no behind-the-lines captain... The Savior was a participant, a player, who not only understood our plight intellectually, but who felt our wounds because they became his wounds.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|While sleeping, we’re free to be what we really are, nothing more, nothing less.
Aldous Huxley|When my brother called to inform me, on the morning of May 22, 2003, that our mother Caroline Oates had died suddenly of a stroke, it was a shock from which, in a way, I have yet to recover.
marge baylin|When I tell you "forever", I mean it.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|My heart felt like a balloon that was filling too full, and I panicked. I might get the bends, the way scuba divers did when they surfaced too fast.
Andra Day|Doo-wop is the true music to me, man. Doo-wop was what nurtured me and grew me into who I am, and I guess even when I was in school, the teacher probably thought I had ADD or something every day, because I'd be beating on the desks, singing like the Flamingos or the Spaniels or Clyde McPhatter or somebody.
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|If we had played Poly a hundred more times that year we wouldn't have beaten them again. On that night we found a way. It was an unbelievable thing. It was a marvelous, miraculous win." -Coach Frank Allocco
Stephen King, The Stand|There’s always a choice. That’s God’s way, always will be. Your will is still free. Do as you will. There’s no set of leg-irons on you. But... this is what God wants of you.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|It is the postscript to the war that offers the most revelatory and startling commentary on Dutugemunu's life. Despite his newfound wealth and his peactime luxuries, Dutugemunu wanders gloomily about his palace, too often remembering the carnage he wrought on the battlefield and worried over the deep karmic deficits he has incurred. The elders of the Sangha, the Buddhist clergy, notice this and send a delegation of eight monks to minister to his anguish. 'In truth, venerable sirs,' Dutugemunu tells the monks when they arrive, 'how can there be comfort to me in that I caused the destruction of a great army of myriads of men?''There is no hindrance on the way to heaven because of your acts,' one of the monks assures his king. Slaughtering Tamils is no moral mistake. Only the equivalent of one and a half men died at Dutugemunu's hands, according to the Sangha's official arithmetic, because the Tamils 'were heretical and evil and dies as though they were animals. You will make the Buddha's faith shine in many ways. Therefore, Lord of Men, cast away your mental confusion.'Being thus exhorted, the great king was comforted; his kill rate would never disturb him again. He does, however, recall that, once upon a breakfast, he ate a red-pepper pod without consciously setting aside a portion of it for the Sangha, as was the royal practice. 'For this,' he decides, 'penance must be done by me.' A hierarchy of sin springs into being, in which dishonouring the Sangha by denying it a due share of a red-pepper pod counts as a graver transgression, worthier of penance, than massacring thousands of Tamils on the battlefield.
Karl Lagerfeld|Success nullifies. You then have to do it again, preferably differently
George Tenet|Our job as friends, mentors, parents, and writing coaches is not to write anyone's college essay. That's cheating. Plus, it sends a discouraging message to the teenager that he or she can't be trusted with this important assignment. Trust the student to write the essay, but verify that it gets done. Gentle editing and proofreading are allowed.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|You will always find all the time you need in the world to do what you love. If you can’t find the time, it’s not important for you
John Hoberman, Black and Blue: The Origins and Consequences of Medical Racism|Death with dignity" is our society's expression of the uni­versal yearning to achieve a graceful triumph over the stark and often repugnant finality of life's last sputterings. But the fact is, death is not a confrontation. It is simply an event in the sequence of nature's ongoing rhythms. Not death but disease is the real enemy, disease the malign force that requires confron­tation. Death is the surcease that comes when the exhausting bat­tle has been lost. Even the confrontation with disease should be approached with the realization that many of the sicknesses of our species are simply conveyances for the inexorable journey by which each of us is returned to the same state of physical, and perhaps spiritual, nonexistence from which we emerged at conception. Every triumph over some major pathology, no matter how ringing the victory, is only a reprieve from the inevitable end.
Mark Hyman|Most schools have only a microwave or deep fryer, hardly the tools needed to feed our children real, fresh food.
Murray N. Rothbard, Power and Market: Government and the Economy|It is curious that people tend to regard government as a quasi-divine, selfless, Santa Claus organization. Government was constructed neither for ability nor for the exercise of loving care; government was built for the use of force and for necessarily demagogic appeals for votes. If individuals do not know their own interests in many cases, they are free to turn to private experts for guidance. It is absurd to say that they will be served better by a coercive, demagogic apparatus.
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations|Don't Cry for this biatch, don't cry for this moron. She isn't your type, she doesn't like you and she won't like you she is just a person which is hypocrite and she get's envy when she see your life - How wonderful is it, how is full with loads stuff and then she looks her life. Full of horror, full of days of nightmare, full of days of angry people shouting each other...It's not in the blame, it's in the cases, the place where the two persons live!Don't get angry that he have left you, maybe you will find something better than him, it's a fact you give something for something. Everywhere is like this, don't listen this outside biatches which say "The World isn't a business, it's not you must..." Fucking bullshit, you must do this, somebody saves your life you must go and save and his, that's the rules, that's the law of the attraction, that's how it works, liked or not...
Teresa Mummert, White Trash Beautiful|I’m a realist,” I said. “Lying and making promises about forever is almost as bad as one day at a time.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|She seemed always to have seen him through a blur - first of sleepiness, then of distance and indifference - and now the fog had thickened till he was almost indistinguishable.
Josephine Winslow Johnson, Now in November|Most people have the blindness of new-born things - a not-incurable blindness, the sight being there but its use not known.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Don’t only wait until Christmas to love, love at all times.
Michel de Montaigne|Before we can pray  "Lord  Thy Kingdom come " we must be willing to pray  "My Kingdom go."
Mignon' Talise Padilla|I would give up, but that will teach my kids that it's okay to be a failure and I refuse to ruin their lives like that!
Maria Mitchell|The precept  "Know yourself " was not solely intended to obviate the pride of mankind  but likewise that we might understand our own worth.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|If this letter system works, it should be reproducible and consistent. If this letter system works, it should be demonstrated in biblical narrative—with consistency. It has. It does. It will. For instance: Daniel interpreted the handwriting on the Babylonian wall. (Da 5:1-31) The question has always been, “What method would produce the same interpretation?” If you will pull out your Strong’s Concordance and translate those same four words, you won’t get the same results that Daniel got. Was Daniel using a different method than modern Christians? Yes, obviously.
Frank R. Zindler|Philosophically, I am a logical empiricist and materialist, and I am a veteran of over 400 radio and TV interviews and debates. I am a Christ-myth advocate and am pursuing research into how Christianity could have begun without a historical Jesus of Nazareth. I am married with one daughter and three grandchildren.
Ralph Marston|If we just wanted positive emotions, our species would have died out a long time ago.
Michael Richardson, The Dedalus Book of Surrealism: The Identity of Things|Refusing what Adorno called that 'comfort in the uncomfortable' taken by the fantastic, surrealism seeks to reintegrate man into the universe.
Martin Weitz, The Elena Text|It's time the world knew what was really discovered at Delphi." says Dr Moses Frank, in The Elena Text. But who is Moses Frank and what was he referring to? The Elena Text is a controversial and provocative thriller set in the world of antiquities and archaeology, based around the untold story of what was really discovered at Delphi in Greece - but has remained a closely-guarded secret since the 1930s. In Moses Frank we have a character who single-handedly defines the extremities of recent times, the stateless survivor, against all the odds, the refugee turned millionaire, the entrepreneur who creates his own rules, a charming and educated artist with a first class degree from the university of life, a thinker but an unashamed money-maker and pleasure-seeker. Moses Frank is a man who can be forgiven almost anything because he is so hugely admired as a dealer, a canny sleuth who has tracked down the world’s greatest missing antiquities.But despite all his gifts and talents, Moses Frank is also a man bristling with self-doubt - searching endlessly for the finest examples of human art, the sensual peaks of female beauty and some thin slivers of meaning in his terribly successful life.I believe Frank is a rich, unpredictable and multi-facetted lead character who will continue to fascinate readers in volumes 2 and 3 of THE MOSES FRANK TRILOGY.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a leader wants his people to do something, he himself must firstly do it!
Megan Mullally|I love Christmas. I never used to. I didn't hate it, but I could take it or leave it. But, as I got to the age of 25 or 26, Christmas became quite a big deal, and I love it now. I love the food, and I love sharing time with people.
Rick Warren, The Purpose of Christmas|Stop trying, & start trusting.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|When you die, you just die. No ghost, no reincarnation, no heaven. People want to believe that their souls live on or whatever, but that's only because they can't handle the idea of the world going on without them.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|Failures and mistakes are lessons, keep study school doesn't deserv a penny to give what you remember from school is just the worst stuff.
Lin Manuel Miranda, Hamillton|I think Lafayette wants to rap in French now. I have to go learn some French.Damn it, Lafayette
Elmore Leonard|In the past, missionaries have traveled to far countries with the message of the gospel - with great hardship and often with the loss of life. In contrast, we can reach millions instantly from the comfort of our homes by merely hitting the 'send' button on our computers, or with iPads, or phones.
Amber L.  Johnson, Puddle Jumping|Society has pretty much taught us that it's inside the lines, or outside. But there's so much more in between.
Joe Wurzelbacher|I think the job of leadership is to expand what can be talked about and to get consensus on the nature of the problem, and that is most of the job. Because once you do that, once you have diagnosis, treatment options are obvious.
Friedrich Nietzsche, A Nietzsche Reader|Man has been reared by his errors: first he never saw himself other than imperfectly, second he attributed to himself imaginary qualities, third he felt himself in a false order of rank with animal and nature, fourth he continually invented new tables of values and for a time took each of them to be eternal and unconditional...If one deducts the effect of these four errors, one has also deducted away humanity, humaneness, and 'human dignity'.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|The world needed gentle men to rule if the people were to live in peace, not the warmongers and conniving men she so often witnessed wearing the crimson of the Imperial Council.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|It's like you have a plan and someone comes along and makes you want to change it all, but you still like your first plan, no matter how fantastic the second one makes you feel.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|Alone-sex didn't count. It's like the difference between thinking to yourself or having a good conversation with someone----the pleasure is in the exchange." -Liberty Jones
Alysha Speer, Sharden|I was not weak; I did not cry. But it hurt me, more in a kind of refreshing, thrilling way, than a kind of pain that would cripple me and send me away crying. My fingernails dug into the palms of my hands, and my teeth bit into my lips, my knees were locked, but I could not faint.
Arlie Russell Hochschild, Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right|Once . . . long ago, he’d thought of himself as an inventor of government. But the invention had fallen into old patterns. It was like some hideous contrivance with plastic memory. Shape it any way you wanted, but relax for a moment, and it snapped into the ancient forms. Forces at work beyond his reach in human breasts eluded and defied him.
Beyonce Knowles|When families are strong and stable, so are children - showing higher levels of wellbeing and more positive outcomes. But when things go wrong - either through family breakdown or a damaged parental relationship - the impact on a child's later life can be devastating.
J. Cole|Climate change is real. Climate change is being substantially increased by humans and the carbon we put into the atmosphere. And it appears to be speeding up. If science has made any mistakes, science has been underestimating it.
Karina Halle, The Lie|Try and make it right, and if you can't, that's on them, not you. Forgiveness shouldn't be stockpiled by anyone. It should be given freely.
Harlan Ellison|Now begin in the middle, and later learn the beginning; the end will take care of itself.
|Just because you aren't rich or wealthy doesn't mean that you aren't successful. Life is full so many challenges, which pushing beyond each one of them is truly a success of its own
Sue Monk Kidd|Every president to hold office has espoused some version of Americanism - the truths that we hold self-evident, even when those truths are not always in evidence. But for all their grand rhetoric and mostly good deeds, none was able to seal the deal on the trifecta of equality, plurality and socioeconomic ascendancy. Obama has.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Life. Life is a show. It's up to you how to make your own story, do your own show and how to live your show you are on. You choose who you need to meet, where you should have your scenes or which scenes you want to do. How awesome your mind can do right?
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|The double-crossed, might-have-been history of my country is not the study of what actually took place here: it's the study of historians' studies. . . .Memories are their own descendants masquerading as the ancestors of the present.
Isabel Allende|Speculators get a bad rap. In the popular imagination they're greedy, heedless, and amoral, adept at price manipulations and dirty tricks. In reality, they often play a key role in making markets run smoothly.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|14. God created two sexes, male and female. They are equal in worth, although each is unique and different. It is not only impossible to blend maleness and femaleness into a single sex (unisex), it is dangerous to even attempt it.
Morgan Rhodes|Great men can’t be ruled... The great is the rare, the difficult, the exceptional.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read the Scriptures, God will shine in our heart.
Jennifer       Smith, The Unveiled Wife: Embracing Intimacy with God and Your Husband|If you want to grow spiritually, the place to start is with God.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|While humans play God, dogs learn from their masters.
Michael J. Sullivan, Percepliquis|We may indeed die here, that's true. But we will all die anyway-is there any denying that? When you think of all the possible ways you might go, this is as fine a place as any, isn't it? I mean, to end one's life surrounded by friends, in a comfortable, dry room with plenty to read... that doesn't sound too awful, does it?""What is the advantage of fear, or the benefit of regret, or the bonus of granting misery a foothold even if death is embracing you? My old abbot used to say, 'Life is only precious if you wish it to be.' I look at it like the last bite of a wonderful meal-do you enjoy it, or does the knowledge that there is no more to follow make it so bitter that you would ruin the experience?" The monk looked around, but no one answered him. "If Maribor wishes for me to die, who am I to argue? After all, it is he who gave me life to begin with. Until he decides I am done, each day is a gift granted to me, and it would be wasted if spent poorly. Besides, for me, I've learned that the last bite is often the sweetest.
Terry Pratchett, Snuff|Thousands of years ago, there were no writers; just storytellers. I would love to be a storyteller but I am just a writer. I don’t appeal to the ears; I appeal to the mind.
Oscar Wilde|The advantage of the emotions is that they lead us astray, and the advantage of science is that it is not emotional.
Trent Shelton|A relationship means you come together to make each other better. It’s not all about you, and it’s not all about them. Its all about the relationship.Support them in their dreams/vision just as much as you would expect them to support you. Make each other better. Challenge each other to go beyond average. Pull out the greatness from within each other.Make sure they can find their biggest fan in you, and you can find yours in them.
Slipknot, Slipknot, Vol. 3|She seemed dressed in all of me, stretched across my shame.All the torment and the pain leaked through and covered me.I'd do anything to have her to myself.Just to have her for myselfNow I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do when she makes me sane.She is everything to me.The unrequited dreamA song that no one sings.The unattainable, Shes a myth that I have to believe inAll I need to make it real is one more reasonI don't know what to do, I don't know what to do when she makes me sad.
Tyra Banks|I have a notebook, and I know what decisions will be made in pre-production. Everything is pre-determined in the pre-production period. I visually design the whole thing, and I know when things will happen.
Bruce Lee, Tao of Jeet Kune Do|Set patterns, incapable of adaptability, of pliability, only offer a better cage. Truth is outside of all patterns.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|We all came in on different ships, but we're all in the same boat now
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|A body is a body, but only voices are capable of love
Cecilia Robert|What must it be like to have such faith in the world, in plans, in your own ability to control your fate? It was contagious, that's what it was. I could not help it. I caught his hope like a plague.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you're tired of triviality, maybe it's time you changed your life.
Shannon Eckrich, Haunting Lia|Every night when I watch you sleep, I breathe you in. Every time I make you smile, my heart beats a tad bit faster. You are the blood flowing through my veins. If I had to go back to the life I had before, I would go freaking insane.
Mitt Romney|In 1993, Israel and North Korea were moving towards an agreement in which North Korea would stop sending any missiles or military technology to the Middle East and Israel would recognize that country. President Clinton intervened and blocked it.
Corallie Buchanan, Watch Out! Godly Women on the Loose|Even though the circumstances surrounding your conception may make you wonder whether your life was just some accident, let me tell you that your life is no accident! Before you were born, before you were even conceived, God already knew you. He knew your likes and dislikes, your passions and desires. He also had in mind a specific purpose for bringing you into the world, otherwise you would not exist.
Luo Guanzhong, Three Kingdoms: Classic Novel in Four Volumes|Success is not worth rejoicing over, failure is not worth grieving over.
Gary Shteyngart|Pete thinks we all have a blacking factory: some awful moment, early on, when we surrender our childish hearts as surely as we lose our baby teeth.
Clive Barker, Abarat|I wonder what it felt to move to a country where you didn't grow up. I had thought about that often since my sister got married. Do you become a character in a story native to that land, or do you, somewhere in your heart, want to return to your homeland.
Dominic Riccitello|I never expected to fall in love. I never expected to float or fall a thousand feet and create the crevice I called my life. But the thing with crevices, there’s always a top and always a bottom. And the feeling of appreciation when you look from the top and understand how fast it can all come crashing down — it’s more than beautiful and more than words could ever explain.
Eric Ludy, When Dreams Come True: A Love Story Only God Could Write|I don't even know her yet..but if she could see me right now, I'd want her to know that I love her
Michel Foucault|The imaginary is not formed in opposition to reality as its denial or compensation; it grows among signs, from book to book, in the interstice of repetitions and commentaries; it is born and takes shape in the interval between books. It is the phenomena of the library.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Awakened|You came here of your own free will, Claire. I won’t be denied. You’re mine now, and I intend to keep you.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|She felt all right. Her heart was like a drum hanging from piano wire in her chest, slowly, slowly beaten. Her hands and feet were numb, not with cold but with a sultry torpor. Thoughts moved with a tranquil lethargy, her brain a leisurely machine imbedded in swaths of woolly packing.She felt all right.
Michael Sims, Apollo's Fire: A Day on Earth in Nature and Imagination|If there is nothing new under the sun, at least the sun itself is always new, always re-creating itself out of its own inexhaustible fire.
Joyce Carol Oates|If you are a writer you locate yourself behind a wall of silence and no matter what you are doing, driving a car or walking or doing housework you can still be writing, because you have that space.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You made me hate the person I was becoming—only because you wanted me to—and for that, you will never be forgiven.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway to Fatherhood: Soulfully Empowering Your Life's Journey & Purpose as a Father Through Positive Inspiration|Allow love, to illuminate the unknown pathways that are destined - to be traveled.
Tasha Smith|Sexuality surrounds us like a dangerous aura. The same reverence that is given to the spirit is not given to the flesh. We have had a sexual revolution, but the sexual revolution only has made sex more pervasive. It hasn't granted the level of reverence and respect that it should have.
Bruce Katz, The Metropolitan Revolution: How Cities and Metros are Fixing our Broken Politics and Fragile Economy|To succeed in the digital realm, technology has to provide a strong disruptive element right from the start. If things cannot be done differently , a transition to digital is not going to be compelling enough for a wide enough adoption to create sustainability.
Mae Whitman|If the chemistry is right between star and photographer and the geometry of the pictures pleases the star, often the two people end up with a long-term professional friendship during which they continue to work together and to produce highly personal images.
Stephen Richards|The last person to be hanged in Glasgow at the age of 31 was a beast by the name of Peter Thomas Anthony Manuel, he swung from the gallows in Barlinnie Prison on 11 July 1958.
Jean-Francois Lyotard|In a way, architecture is about communication. That's an aspect of the discipline that is somewhat lacking, and there's definitely room for more progression into that area. I suppose that gives me a bit of a different edge. I'm also very, very used to doing a lot of exhaustive research and finding interesting information from different sources.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|Get up, Shahrzad al-Khayzuran. You kneel before no one. Least of all me.
Bernard Cornwell, Sword Song|Day and night - ruthlessly apply key lessons of mankind such as leaving greed, fear and lust to improve the efficiency & effectiveness of life.
Elissa Schappell, Blueprints for Building Better Girls: Fiction|Don't be a fool, there is no such thing as just a girl.
Avery Flynn, Bang|So tell me, Tamara darlin', what other needs can I help you take care of?
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|Love is like an undertow. You can fight it with every ounce of energy you have; it is far more powerful than you, and it inevitably sweeps you under. Once love takes hold, it remains. Love is what remains when life finds its ending. It is the bridge that connects where we have been, where we now reside, and where we ultimately need to travel.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer|Don't look around for the path you are meant to follow, forge it yourself.
Robert Half|No one can be right all the time, but it helps to be right most of the time. 
Sunday Adelaja|When you begin to serve people, God begins to serve you
Michael E. Porter, HBR's 10 Must Reads on Strategy|Sometimes, sitting here in the dark, slowly slowly creating strategy, she wondered if she was only fooling herself to think her plans were clever.
Wan Mohd Nor Wan Daud, Filsafat dan Praktik Pendidikan Islam Syed M. Naquib Al-Attas|A great thinker does not necessarily have to discover a master idea but has to rediscover and to affirm a true but forgotten, ignored or misunderstood master idea and interpret it in all the diverse aspects of thought not previously done, in a powerful and consistent way, despite surrounding ignorance and opposition. This criterion we think would include all prophets and their true followers among the Muslim scholars. He is both a great and original thinker who brings new meanings and interpretations to old ideas, thereby providing both continuity and originality to the important intellectual and cultural problems of his time and through it, of mankind. Thus the brilliant interpretations of scholars and sages like al-Ghazali and Mulla Sadra then, and Iqbal and al-Attas now, deserve to be recognized and acknowledged as manifesting certain qualities of greatness and originality.
New World Translation of the World Scriptures|If we fail to recognize there is a unified whole to Scripture, we will have only a pile of pieces. Simplistic slogans, formulas and catchphrases will not suffice in conveying the richness of the Scriptures.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|That made clear to me the continuum that stretches from minor social minor to violent silencing and violent death (and I think we would understand misogyny and violence against women even better if we looked at the abuse of power as a whole rather than treating domestic violence separately from rape and murder and harrassment and intimidation, online at home and in the workplace and in the streets; seen together, the pattern is clear). Having the right to show up and speak are basic to survival, to dignity, and to liberty.
Jennifer L. Armentrout|I speak as if he had no secrets from me. Well, then, you must know I was suffering from love and I knew him as intimately as I knew my own image in a mirror. In other words, I knew him only in relation to myself.
B.B. Wynter, The Lament of Sky|Who gave you a gun?''The army.''Why?''That's what the army does, Simon.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Your actions speak so loudly, I cannot hear what you are saying.
Ray Comfort|You know, God has a plan for me, and I'm going to follow in his footsteps and just rejoice and be happy.
Auliq-Ice|Opportunity exist for those who can observe trends, for this world is a trending place.
Richie Norton|Life isn't about having, it's about experiencing.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|It’s like there’s a check-list of accomplishments that people expect from you. Like it’s the only path to happiness, this societal construct of what makes us successful and worthy. But, don’t buy it. You can be happy no matter which part of the story you’re in. You are worthy in every chapter.
Arthur Smith|Occasionally I find a travel book that is both illuminating and entertaining, where vivid writing and research replace self-indulgence and sloppy prose.
Serena Jade, Charismatic Connection: The Authentic Soul Mate Experience|Self-Knowledge is the Jewel of all Knowledge."-Serena Jade
Margaret Atwood, Selected Poems II: 1976 - 1986|No one cared what she wanted. No one had ever cared. And perhaps, worst of all, no one ever would care.
Junaid Raza|What a strange sort of love, to be entirely free from that quality of selfishness which is frequently the chief constituent of the passion, and sometimes it's only one!
Jonathan Maberry|It takes a lot of hard work, devotion, good food, balanced diet, enough money, etcetera. Do you have any of them?
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.
Frank E. Peretti|It's brain," I said; "pure brain! What do you do to get like that, Jeeves? I believe you must eat a lot of fish, or something. Do you eat a lot of fish, Jeeves?""No, sir.""Oh, well, then, it's just a gift, I take it; and if you aren't born that way there's no use worrying.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Little House on the Prairie|So they all went away from the little log house. The shutters were over the windows, so the little house could not see them go. It stayed there inside the log fence, behind the two big oak trees that in the summertime had made green roofs for Mary and Laura to play under. And that was the last of the little house
Marissa Meyer, Winter|Nothing burns like the cold. But only for a while. Then it gets inside you and starts to fill you up, and after a while you don't have the strength to fight it.
Rita Williams-Garcia, One Crazy Summer|When a man is able to connect with his feelings, he is able to care more.
Jojo Moyes, One Plus One|Real friends were the kind where you pick up where you’d left off, whether it be a week since you’d seen each other or two years.
Anonymous|The one thing that we need to escape is our minds, but our minds are the one thing that we cannot escape from.
Ricky Maye, An Emerging Spirituality|If your hope disappoints you, it is the wrong kind of hope. You see, hope in God never disappoints, precisely because it is hope *in God.* This means that hope placed in any other thing will always end up disappointing.
Thomas Merton|So during those first moments of the day, which are yours and yours alone, you can circumvent these boundaries and concentrate fully on spiritual matters. And this gives you the opportunity to plan the time management of the entire day.
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|I had been much more in love with my wife than she with me, that was all. Somehow, you were supposed to be ashamed of this, as though love were a perpetual jostling for the roles of pursuer and pursued. As if it didn’t take more courage to admit that someone held your hopes of happiness in their hands. As if it were a choice.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|All men desire peace, but very few desire those things that make for peace.
Alice Walker|The mountain of despair has dwindled, and the stone of hope has size and shape, and can be fondled by the eyes and by the hand. But freedom has always been an elusive tease, and in the very act of grabbing for it one can become shackled.
Solomon Northup|Cowards only find courage in the number of their likeness, citing their lofty strongholds as havens for their impunity.
Victoria Bond, Zora and Me|I thought about the difference between a mama's girl and a daddy's girl. I decided that a daughter who belongs to her daddy expects gifts, while a daughter who belongs to her mama expects a lot more. Not from her mama. From herself.
Harrish Sairaman|If you don’t act out of ‘Inspiration’, ‘Desperation’ will make you act!
Lesley Gore|The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them.
Debasish Mridha|I was loving you, I am loving you and I will love you for the eternity. Love is eternal.
مُضر آل أحميّد, Dismantling ISIS|Apostasy was the major justification for terminating internal opposition throughout the history of Islamic empires. That is why we have heard of whole tribes and groups being eradicated for apostasy. Muslim philosophers, mathematicians and scientists were killed or exiled for apostasy and thus, the Muslim world stood still in all scientific and aesthetic fields.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|Dear girl with the red scarf,Love was never meant to be conquered. You have to surrender to it.Trust me, after all, I am Mr. Universe.  
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Seasickness in itself is not contagious, but I’m pretty sure that puking is extremely contagious.
James Otis|Of all the creative work produced by humans anywhere, a tiny fraction has continuing commercial value. For that tiny fraction, the copyright is a crucially important legal device.
Shel Silverstein, A Light in the Attic|And life goes on like this,an uncomplete poem.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|Love is all, what you put into it.!
Peyton J Glenn|If you are not dead, then there is hope. get up and go conquer the world.
Eleanor Roosevelt, You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life|This is the definition of clutter: things that exist in your outer life to distract you from the inner things that you're avoiding. If you avoid something, it grows.... The great thing is, the reverse is also true: when you honestly look at something, it shrinks. When you see the situation for what it is, bypassing the emotional layers that coloured it and made it into a clutter monster, it becomes simple. That's how peaceful clutter busting is. You're honestly looking at each layer of distraction, questioning the thing, letting it go, and realizing what's underneath. Looking directly at something has the power of a magnifying glass in the sun. The sun is you; the glass, your attention
Jennifer E. Smith, The Geography of You and Me|Come to the orchard in Spring.There is light and wine, and sweetheartsin the pomegranate flowers.If you do not come, these do not matter.If you do come, these do not matter.
Jonathan Culler, Literary Theory: A Very Short Introduction|This view of literature as an aesthetic object that could make us ‘better people’ is linked to a certain idea of the subject, to what theorists have come to call ‘the liberal subject’, the individual defined not by a social situation and interests but by an individual subjectivity (rationality and morality) conceived as essentially free of social determinants.
|Creativity is a gift each one of us is born with, irrespective of our backgrounds and entitlement of culture, The challenge is to hold onto this gift as we go through life. To nurture it. To encourage it. Because every single day we encounter forces that would rather it went away.
Werner Erhard|Man keeps looking for a truth that fits his reality. Given our reality, the truth doesn't fit.
George MacDonald, The Marquis' Secret|Our Lord speaks of many coming up to His door confident of admission, whom He yet sends away. Faith is obedience, not confidence.
Kou Yoneda, Don't Stay Gold|It was the strangest sensation, fallin' in love. 'Bout the only thing I compare it to would be jumpin' off a big cliff. Once you're past the edge, there ain't no particular reason to be graspin' for a line a safety. You just keep on fallin' anyhow, so you might as well enjoy it the whole way down.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sky belongs to eagles, even during storms.
Alexzander Beck, Adventures in the Year of the Giant|She tugged the sleeves down over her hands, stretching the fabric until the seams reached her fingernails. Then she locked her fingers around them to ensure they stayed down.Veda fought the urge to rip those sleeves from Coco’s grip and force her to wear them appropriately, or at the very least roll them up so she wouldn’t be tempted to yank at them. She could remember a time when she’d had the same habit, back in middle school. As if hiding her hands behind a thin piece of fabric would protect her from the world.
Cecil Castellucci, Beige|Self-observation helps us to refocus within, to balance ourselves and to be in the present moment....
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|If I, being what I am, can consider that I am in some sense a Christian, why should the different vices of those people in the next pew prove that their religion is mere hypocrisy and convention?
Beyonce Knowles|When you are spiritually connected, you are not looking for occasions to be offended, and you are not judging and labeling others. You are in a state of grace in which you know you are connected to God and thus free from the effects of anyone or anything external to yourself.
David Brazzeal, Pray Like a Gourmet: Creative Ways to Feed Your Soul|You can be assured, though, that prayer is unbounded, undetermined, and untethered. We may end a certain series of spoken words, but the spirit of the prayer stays with us, walks out the door, and down the street with us. At any moment of the day, we can pop back into that same spirit with just a pause on a bridge, the thought of a friend, or the whispered word, “thanks.
Scott Adams, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life|In short Donald Trump lies compulsively in large part because of who and what he is - a coward. This is why Mike Brzezinski said recently, "He brings nothing to the table.
Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Gadis Pantai|Motherhood is a choice you make everyday, to put someone else's happiness and well-being ahead of your own, to teach the hard lessons, to do the right thing even when you're not sure what the right thing is...and to forgive yourself, over and over again, for doing everything wrong.
Jane Rogers, Island|What's the truth? The truth is what people WANT. Liars are basically idealists, liars are saints and prophets. Jesus was a liar.
Alija Izetbegović|It is known that the Quran leaves an analytical reader the impression of disarrangement, and that it seems to be a compound of diverse elements. Nevertheless, the Quran is life, not literature. Islam is a way of living rather than a way of thinking. The only authentic comment of the Quran can be life, and as we know, it was the life of the prophet Muhammad. Islam is in its written form (the Quran) may seem disorderly, but in the life of Muhammad it proves itself to be a natural union of love and force, the sublime and the real, the divine and the human. This explosive compound of religion and politics produced enormous force in the life of the peoples who accepted it. In one moment, Islam has coincided with the very essence of life.
Laura Trentham, Then He Kissed Me|Too many cold, hungry nights had taught her a special kind of practicality, but in that moment, she believed in his magic.
Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye|The world takes us to a silver screen on which flickering images of passion and romance play, and as we watch, the world says, “This is love.” God takes us to the foot of a tree on which a naked and bloodied man hangs and says, “This is love.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|BLESSINGS ARE IMMEASURABLEYou canLose a childOr a parent,The love of your life,A good job,A game,A deal,A bet,An idea,Your favorite thing,Money,Your best friend,A moment,An opportunity,A chance,Your keys,Your mind,Your health,Your identity,Your virginity,Your religion,Your shirt,Your license,ID or Passport,Phone or phone number,Hope,Faith,Luck,Your pride,Or your house,And feel likeYou've lost everything,And keep on losing.StopCounting lossesAnd start counting your blessings.Only then,Will you discover that lossesAre easier to point outAnd countThan blessings,And that blessingsOutnumber your lossesFor they are trulyImmeasurable.It is only normal thatPeople count losses withTheir minds,And ignoreTo count blessingsWith the graciousnessOf their hearts.
John Clayton|I don't think any other holiday embraces the food of the Midwest quite like Thanksgiving. There's roasted meat and mashed potatoes. But being here is also about heritage. Cleveland is really a giant melting pot - not only is my family a melting pot, but so is the city.
Germaine Gibson, Theme Park Erotica|Mr. Carter cleared his throat. “Soy sauce.” He deadpanned. “Really, Sera?
Britney Spears|Every night, I have to read a book, so that my mind will stop thinking about things that I stress about.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|On the opening day of law school at Yale, I always counsel my first-year students never to support a law they are not willing to kill to enforce. Usually they greet this advice with something between skepticism and puzzlement, until I remind them that the police go armed to enforce the will of the state, and if you resist, they might kill you.
Peter J. Carroll, The Octavo: A Sorcerer-Scientist's Grimoire|Drugs have a long history of use in magic in various cultures, and usually in the context of either ecstatic communal rituals or in personal vision quests. However compared to people in simple pastoral tribal situations most people in developed countries now live in a perpetual state of mental hyperactivity with overactive imaginations anyway, so throwing drugs in on top of this usually just leads to confusion and a further loss of focus.Plus as the real Shamans say, if you really do succeed in opening a door with a drug it will thereafter open at will and most such substances give all they will ever give on the first attempt.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|Bowlby uses the notion of faulty internal working models to describe different patterns of neurotic attachment. He sees the basic problem of 'anxious attachment" as that of maintaining attachment with a care-giver who is unpredictable or rejecting. Here the internal working model will be based not on accurate representation of the self and others, but on coping, in which the care-giver must be accommodated to. The two basic strategies here are those of avoidance or adherence, which lead to avoidant or ambivalent attachment.
Cate Tiernan|There is darkness in light, there is pain in joy, and there are thorns on the rose.
Sarah Bernhardt|Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
Doug E. Fresh|Until we learn to honor and respect what other people believe, I think we are doomed.
Charles R. Swindoll|Jesus never commanded believers to produce fruit. Fruit is the *purpose* of the branch, but it is not the *responsibility* of the branch. The branch cannot produce anything on it's own. However, if it remains attached to the vine, it will receive life-sustaining sap, nourishment, strength, everything it needs.
Leonard Susskind|I used to think that the great thing about sculpture was that, like Stonehenge, it was something that stood against time in an adamantine way, and was an absolute mass in space. Now I try to use the language of architecture to redescribe the body as a place.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|The richness of the rain made me feel safe and protected; I have always considered the rain to be healing—a blanket—the comfort of a friend. Without at least some rain in any given day, or at least a cloud or two on the horizon, I feel overwhelmed by the information of sunlight and yearn for the vital, muffling gift of falling water.
Julie Ann Walker, Devil and the Deep|How do I say 'kiss me' in French?" she whispered."Embrasse moi."Oh yes, even that sounded better in French.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There comes a moment when we all must realize that life is short, and in the end the only thing that really counts is not how others see us, but how God sees us.
Kate Middleton|As an astronaut, especially during launch, half of the risk of a six-month flight is in the first nine minutes.
Shannon L. Alder|For some, life may be a playground to undermine the brainwaves of others or simply a vainglorious game with an armory of theatrics, illustrating only bleak self-deception, haughty narcissism and dim deficiency in empathy. ("Another empty room")
Emmanuel Katongole, Mirror to the Church: Resurrecting Faith After Genocide in Rwanda|A Jew ain't only a religion, and it ain't a race. It isn't an ethnicity, and you aren't disqualified if you're good at spreading mayonnaise on white bread or bad at money or good at sports or bad at guilt. It ain't about whether your mother is Jewish or your father converted or both parents fasted on Yom Kippur. It don't matter if you were bar or bat mitzvahed, or if your grandma's recipe for chicken soup kicked Campbell's ass, or any of that. It ain't about a toe in Israel, or an opinion on Palestine, or an uncle who died of a heart attack in Brooklyn or Queens, or a family story from Ellis Island, or an aunt who was murdered by nazis or Russian pogromchiks, or whether or not three-fifths of your person is scared shitless of Auggie's "schvartzes," or at least the young bucks you see walking with guns out and half their pants down.
Liesl Shurtliff|Names are powerful and so is destiny, but a person's will is more powerful than both put together.
Avina Celeste|It's okay to be nervous, scared, angry or sad sometimes so long as you don't let those emotions rule your entire life.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|We humans must confess, 'I am because he is.' Only God can say, 'I AM WHO I AM'.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Buried Giant|The stranger thought it might be God himself had forgotten much from our pasts, events far distant, events of the same day. And if a thing is not in God’s mind, then what chance of it remaining in those of mortal men?
Robert Masello, Blood and Ice|Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.
Ted Pachino|The World of Today, Few People have Everything while Many People have Nothing.
Thomas Traherne, Centuries Of Meditations|You never enjoy the world aright, till the Sea itself floweth in your veins, till you are clothed with the heavens, and crowned with the stars: and perceive yourself to be the sole heir of the whole world, and more than so, because men are in it who are every one sole heirs as well as you. Till you can sing and rejoice and delight in God, as misers do in gold, and Kings in sceptres, you never enjoy the world.Till your spirit filleth the whole world, and the stars are your jewels; till you are as familiar with the ways of God in all Ages as with your walk and table: till you are intimately acquainted with that shady nothing out of which the world was made: till you love men so as to desire their happiness, with a thirst equal to the zeal of your own: till you delight in God for being good to all: you never enjoy the world.
Frankie Love, Hollywood Holden|It's all about money, not freedom. You think you're free? Try going somewhere without money.
C.P. Snow|We must take responsibility for ourselves, for who we become, for how we live each day.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|It is easier, of course, to find dignity in one's solitude. Loneliness is solitude with a problem. Can blue solve the problem, or can it at least keep me company within it?—No, not exactly. It cannot love me that way; it has no arms. But sometimes I do feel its presence to be a sort of wink—Here you are again, it says, and so am I.
Peter M Senge|When a change management fails, leadership change is brought in. A leadership change will always bring in change management
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes|A palindrome,” I said the first time she told me. She looked at me, perplexed, and that’s when I knew I could never love her. What a waste of a palindrome she was, that Hannah.-Owen Gentry
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Discipline is the thing that makes you do what you might not want to, but you do it anyway because it's what you have to do in order to get what you want or desire.
Brei Betzold, Faith|I didn’t look at Thanet. I couldn’t because he would see the hurt on my face.“He loves you,” Thanet said. “He’s hurting and it’s not just the Quinn thing. It’s being away from you and wondering if you’re hurting, too. Or if you’re having too much fun to hurt. What he really needed was to laugh, though. So we laughed…until he cried.”That undid me. I looked at Thanet with so many questions on my lips.
Mark Twain|What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.
John Irving, In One Person|The time to read Madame Bovary is when your romantic hopes and desires have crashed, and you will believe that your future relationships will have disappointing - even devastating - consequences.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|I am made of words. When you cut me, I bleed sentences. When you read me, I speak to your soul.
Kazuo Ishiguro, When We Were Orphans|Nos-tal-gic,’ Akira said, as though it were a word he had been struggling to find. Then he said a word in Japanese, perhaps the Japanese for ‘nostalgic.’ ‘Nos-tal-gic. It is good to be nos-tal-gic. Very important.’‘Really, old fellow?’‘Important. Very important. Nostalgic. When we nostalgic, we remember. A world better than this world we discover when we grow. We remember and wish good world come back again. So very important. Just now, I had dream. I was boy. Mother, Father, close to me. in our house.’He fell silent and continued to gaze across the rubble.‘Akira,’ I said, sensing that the longer this talk went on, the greater was some danger I did not wish fully to articulate. ‘We should move on. We have much to do.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I wish I could tell him that we’re going through the same thing. I wish I could speak to him like I want to instead of like I’m supposed to. But the idea of admitting that I need help is too much to bear, so I turn away.
Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North|We are all dead, we just haven't figured it out yet.
Chris Evans|We do not fear the flame, though it burns us,We do not fear the fire, though it consumes us,And we do not fear its light,Though it reveals the darkness of our souls,For therein lies our power.-- Blood Oath of the Iron Elves
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|What is it like to burn as the humans do? When one’s existence can be parcelled and measured in the units that the humans use, what was it? Time. Units of time. Ability to calculate, and live through countable units of time in motion. The physicality of time passing, when one’s lifespan is short enough to be able to tangibly experience the passage of time.
Edward Abbey|I saw old Autumn in the misty morn stand shadowless like silence, listening to silence.
Stephen   Baskerville, Taken Into Custody: The War Against Fathers, Marriage, and the Family|What is taking place here should be made very clear: Citizens who are completely innocent of any legal wrongdoing and simply minding their own business--not seeking any litigation and neither convicted nor accused of any legal infraction, criminal or civil--are ordered into court and told to write checks to officials of the court or they will be summarily arrested and jailed, Judges also order citizens to sell their houses and other property and turn the proceeds over to lawyers and other cronies they never hired. Summoning legally unimpeachable citizens to court and forcing them to empty their bank accounts to people they have not hired for services they have neither requested nor received on threat of physical punishment is what most people would call a protection racket. . . Yet family court judges do this as a matter of routine. This is by far the clearest example of what we political scientists term a "kleptocracy," or government by theives.
T.S. Eliot, Murder in the Cathedral|Get in touch with your intuitive and creative powers, bring your desires to life in order to create a life of bliss.
Gwenn Wright, Filter|Why am I not good enough?At least he loves Darren and Yaichain some wayeven if it's horrible, he shows them attentionand I am furnitureI get nothing nothingnothingno thing
Roshan Sharma|All the world talks, knowledge or information, takes you nowhere unless it’s applied into life. It’s only the experience, which allows you to see, beyond the present state.
Brendan Behan|The better you know yourself, the better your relationship with the rest of the world.
Tinashe|I would like to see more African-American singers as part of our opera companies. If you take music and the arts out of the public schools, then you're going to lose a lot of people that you might have discovered were talented, very early.
Margaret Heffernan, Willful Blindness: Why We Ignore the Obvious at Our Peril|When we care about people, we care less about money, and when we care about money, we care less about people.
Michael Grant, Light (Gone Series, #6) Chapter Twenty-Six | 2 Hours, 56 Minutes|You didn't make me responsible. You don't have that power. This"—he held up his hands, and light glowed from his palms—"this made me responsible. Having power made me responsible. I had the power and you had the brains. So we were chosen. That's the way it works, isn't it? People who can have to help those who can't. The strong defend the weak from the strong. I don't think you invented that, Astrid; all you did was make me see it. Well, I see it. There it is. The FAYZ gave me this light, and the FAYZ made it necessary. And now the light isn't helping, is it? Now that monster is going to walk into town and kill people I care about and people I love.
Jim Webb|I vote my conscience first and my constituents next, regardless of the direction of our leadership.
AVA.|i know it all ends the same,but i was interested in seeinghow you would break my heart.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|To experience more synchronicity and 'coincidences' we need to listen and be aware of the world around us and also our intuition.That's how the universe speaks to itself, it's an ongoing flow of information that comes from both the outside and from within.Pay attention to how the universe speaks to you today and participate in the flow by being attentive and by listening to your inner voice.
Elvis Costello|For time and eternity there have been fathers like Nathan who simply can see no way to have a daughter but to own her like a plot of land. To work her, plow her under, rain down a dreadful poison upon her. Miraculously, it causes these girls to grow. They elongate on the pale slender stalks of their longing, like sunflowers with heavy heads. You can shield them with your body and soul, trying to absorb that awful rain, but they'll still move toward him. Without cease they'll bend to his light.
Kirk Franklin, The Blueprint|A child’s bond to her mother cannot be understated, and my bond with Helen was a ragged, baffling, disheartening, chaotic mess. I felt crazy, often, around my own mother. I grew up questioning what was normal, asking what reality was and wasn’t, and not trusting the outcome of different situations. She scared me and I couldn’t predict her behavior, so I was often off-kilter and worried.
Ernle Dusgate Selby Bradford, The Great Siege|I know precisely what honor is, Heracles. Honor is the artifice kings sell the peasants’ sons so that they may fight and die without pay. Honor is what drives a peaceful man to bloody vengeance. Honor is what drove the Celts to behead the children of the Apache Courts.- The Egyptian God Bes
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|What was that about?" Henry's voice came out higher than he would have liked."Shh." Peter's eyes shifted around the square."I thought you cared about her," Henry said, careful to steady his voice this time.Peter rubbed his eyes and hen opened them, hoping to find that Henry had gone. He h
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|We can, each of us, be likened to houses made entirely of colorfully stained-glass. They sparkle and shine when the sun is on them, however when the darkness sets in, their greatest beauty is revealed only by a Light from within.
Christian D. Larson, Your Forces and How to Use Them|Promise YourselfTo be so strong that nothingcan disturb your peace of mind.To talk health, happiness, and prosperityto every person you meet.To make all your friends feelthat there is something in themTo look at the sunny side of everythingand make your optimism come true.To think only the best, to work only for the best,and to expect only the best.To be just as enthusiastic about the success of othersas you are about your own.To forget the mistakes of the pastand press on to the greater achievements of the future.To wear a cheerful countenance at all timesand give every living creature you meet a smile.To give so much time to the improvement of yourselfthat you have no time to criticize others.To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,not in loud words but great deeds.To live in faith that the whole world is on your sideso long as you are true to the best that is in you.
Henri Frederic Amiel|I am not ashamed to say that no man I ever met was my father's equal, and I never loved any other man as much.
Lee Pearson|I shall not remind you, Citizen-Directors, of all I have done for the triumph of liberty, the prosperity of St. Domingo, the glory of the French Republic; nor will I protest to you my attachment to our mother country, to my duties; my respect to the constitution, to the laws of the Republic, and my submission to the government.
Marcus J. Borg, Speaking Christian: Why Christian Words Have Lost Their Meaning and Power - And How They Can Be Restored|Jesus opens his arms to his needy children and says, “Come to Me, all who are weary and heavy-laden, and I will give you rest” (Matthew 11:28, NASB). The criteria for coming to Jesus is weariness. Come overwhelmed with life. Come with your wandering mind. Come messy. What does it feel like to be weary? You have trouble concentrating. The problems of the day are like claws in your brain. You feel pummeled by life. What does heavy-laden feel like? Same thing. You have so many problems you don’t even know where to start. You can’t do life on your own anymore. Jesus wants you to come to him...
Grant Hutchison, The Complete Lachlan|There is an unreasonable joy to be had from the observation of small birds going about their bright, oblivious business
Mike Duron|Poetry is no rocket science, a good poet writes from his heart!
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I don't feel the need to explain my actions to her. I don't clarify, I don't doubt, I don't worry. I don't tell her everything, not anymore, but I tell her more than anyone else, by far. I tell her as much as I can.
Carl Sagan, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors|Many times we refer to people who express hate or behave in a barbaric, savage 'inhuman' way as 'animals', but on closer inspection we can clearly see that this is in fact, an insult to animals.
Martha Graham, Blood Memory|All the ills of mankind, all the tragic misfortunes that fill the history books, all the political blunders, all the failures of the great leaders have arisen merely from a lack of skill at dancing.
Nora Roberts|I'm independent and strong, but sometimes...just sometimes, it's nice to be taken case of. It's nice to be made to feel like a lady
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Images flashed through his mind. He saw Nico and his sister on a snowy mountain cliff in Maine, Percy Jackson protecting them from the manticore. Percy's sword gleamed in the dark. He'd been the first demigod Nico had ever seen in action. Later at Camp Half-Blood, Percy took Nico by the arm, promising to keep his sister Bianca safe. Nico believed him. Nico looked into his sea-green eyes and though, How can he possibly fail? This is a real hero.
Barbara Ehrenreich|Men and women, women and men. It will never work.
Ann Landers|I have leveled with the girls - from Anchorage to Amarillo.I tell them that all marriages are happyIt's the living together afterward that's tough.I tell them that a good marriage is not a gift,It's an achievement.that marriage is not for kids It takes guts and maturity.It separates the men from the boys and the women from the girls.I tell them that marriage is tested dily by the ability to compromise.Its survival can depend on being smart enough to know what's worth fighting about.Or making an issue of or even mentioning.Marriage is giving - and more important, it's forgiving.And it is almost always the wife who must do these things.Then, as if that were not enough, she must be willing to forget what she forgave.Often that is the hardest part.Oh, I have leveled all right.If they don't get my message, Buster,It's because they don't want to get it.Rose-colored glasses are never made in bifocalsBecause nobody wants to red the small print in dreams.
bell hooks, remembered rapture: the writer at work|Why? What kind of man would pleasure his woman by hurting her.' Angus paced across the path. ''Tis a man's duty, nay, his privilege, to give his woman all the pleasure she can bear. She should be panting and writhing with pleasure.'Emma remained silent, staring at him. Did she not believe him?He walked toward her. 'A real man would take all night if need be to make sure his woman was fully sated. She should be screaming that she canna endure any more.'Emma's eyes widened.'It should be a man's greatest pleasure to see his woman shuddering in the throes of passion.'She took a deep breath and shifted her weight from one foot to another.He paced back and forth. 'Only when she is begging for him should a man see to his own needs. And he should never, ever harm her.' He stopped in front of her 'Am I totally wrong in this?''No,' she squeaked.
Myles Munroe|Kill a man, and you are an assassin. Kill millions of men, and you are a conqueror. Kill everyone, and you are a god.
Biju Karakkonam Nature and Wild life Photographer|Heaven is fleeting, but Hell is an eternity. Hell becomes the more so the longer one lives it.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Rabe'a al-Adiwiyah, a great woman saint of Sufism, was seen running through the streets of her hometown, Basra, carrying a torch in one hand and a bucket of water in the other. When someone asked her what she was doing, she answered, 'I am going to take this bucket of water and pour it on the flames of hell, and then I am going to use this torch to burn down the gates of paradise so that people will not love God for want of heaven or fear of hell, but because He is God.
Frances Weetman, Whose Model is It Anyway?: Why Economists Need to Face Up to Reality|I sometimes refer to economics as a woman. To me the subject was always a she. People would ask me why. Easy. She's obviously a woman: all the men are trying to do her, and mostly they're failing.
Stephen King|Your hair is winter fire,January embers.My heart burns there, too.-Stephen King, IT
Ken Goldman --From SINKHOLE|Never forget that time is the most valuable thing we can spend, so don't throw it away!
David B. Ramirez|Now I check myself in the mirror."Why do women do that?" he asks."What?""Look yourself down like there's some problem needs fixing. You're better than fine.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|If you didn't like your own life, you changed it. You ran away. You did something spectacular. you didn't steal someone else's story and pretend it was yours.
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|They were two people staring at each other knowingly, communicating psychically amidst an ocean of deaf, dumb and blind meatsacks.
Scott Russell Sanders|[The kitchen] was also messy--delightfully so, thought Jane--and it didn't look as though lots of cooking went on there. There was a laptop computer on the counter with duck stickers on it, the spice cabinet was full of Ben's toy trucks, and Jane couldn't spot a cookbook anywhere. This is the kitchen of a Thinker, she decided, and promised herself that she'd never bother with cooking, either.
Libba Bray|Writers are also sort of like vultures, but with fewer ethics.
Nabil TOUSSI|alone, drinking coffee, listening to the playlist that include the songs that remember you with the best and bad moments of your life.what a hard emotional moment !!
Haruki Murakami|You’re here,” I continued. “At least you look as if you’re here. But maybe you aren’t. Maybe it’s just your shadow. The real you may be someplace else. Or maybe you already disappeared, a long, long time ago. I reach out my hand to see, but you’ve hidden yourself behind a cloud of probablys.
Padgett Powell, Mrs. Hollingsworth's Men|She thought it funny how the poor environment had been raped just fine until there was a sufficient excess of the people who had effected the raping to produce sufficient numbers of themselves who were sufficiently idle that they might begin to protest the raping of the environment, which was irretrievably lost to the raping by that point.And this would be the great soothing cathedral music, the stopping of the chainsaws amid the patter of acid rain, that all good citizens would listen to for the quarter-century it took them all to wire up to cyberspace and forget about the lost hopeless run-over gang-ridden land, reproducing madly still all the while, inside their bunkers listening to NPR.
Amit Abraham|This is me telling you, you are amazing and beautiful. You are doing so much right! The children are watching so show them. Show them what it looks like to feel your own worth and celebrate your skills.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|There are worse things, worse than being like us. Look, at least we're alive.
Hans Küng, On Being a Christian|It considers this Jesus as ultimately decisive, definitive, archetypal for man in these various dimensions of his.
Karen Armstrong, The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness|Of all the great world religions, Christianity should value the body most. After all, it taught that God had in some sense taken a human body and used it to redeem the world; everything about the physical should have been sacred and sacramental. But that had not happened. instead, the churches had found it almost impossible to integrate the sexual with the divine and had developed a Platonic aversion to the body - particularly the bodies of women.
Adriana Mather, How to Hang a Witch|You have more power than you know, Samantha. You just have to be brave enough to realize it.
Thomas Jordan Jarvis|It was trying to break down the stereotypes and it was the kind of thing where, for the first time, women were on a par and not seen as just objects. Though girls were objectified still.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|They despite and hate the government more and more, but they don't know how to set about changing it. The country is dying for some sort of lead, and so far all it is getting is a crowd of fresh professional leaders. Who never get anywhere. Who do not seem to be aiming anywhere. We are living in a world of jaded politics. Poverty increases, prices rise, unemployment spreads, mines, factories stagnate, and nothing is done.
James Patterson, Max|Dear Beloved woman,Time… so much time has passed since my love wrote his last words for me.And yet I remember it as if it were yesterday. I remember writing back and for the first time since I had left home I told my love what kind of darkness surrounded me here. I forgot all the sweet things my father had said to my mother when he was away. I forgot how they got her through all those long and lonely nights.
David Sedaris, Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls|The Sons of the Serpent - they want you angry. At the world. They need us all to feel like victims. And it's an easy get, because times suck. Every day is a battle. We all feel like we're on the wrong end of the wrecking ball. We feel at the mercy of forces beyond our control, and that makes us scared. And that's rocket fuel for S.O.B.'s like the Serpents. They prey on us when we're frightened. They tell us our enemies are the immigrants down the street, or the food stamp family next door. They encourage us to turn our fear into rage, and we fall for it because it's 'empowering.' Except it's not. We don't become 'empowered.' We become weaponized.
Paul Goodman|The Homunculi may have started the war, but we were the ones who carried it out.
Becca Lee|The purpose of this glorious life is not simply to endure it, but to soar, stumble, and flourish as you learn to fall in love with existence. We were born to live, my dear, not to merely exist.
Mara Wilson, Where Am I Now?|Feminism has been slandered as a way to give ugly women greater prominence in society. And, in a way, it is. Feminism is for ugly women. For beautiful women. For all women. Women of all colors, ages, and shapes. It's about giving people an equal chance regardless of their gender. Judging them for what they do and not for what they are.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fish rule the waters,but can be caught using worms.Birds rule the air,but can be caught using grain.
Epictetus|Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.
Abhimanyu Jha|Embrace it. Live it. Life's too short. Even looking at it from my end, when I've had more chances than many, I wish--actually even more so now--that I could go back and tinker with a few things...do a little more of this, a little less of that. But the things about which I feel no regret are those that I did with passion. Those things I remember in living colour. The good and the bad. The rest have faded to black and white. They don't matter. Maybe they never did.
Jessica Spotswood, Born Wicked|He suddenly felt the urge to kiss her-hard- upon the mouth. But this- what he felt, it could never be real. Because once the ball was over, she would go back to being an assassin, and he would still be a prince. Dorian swallowed hard. For tonight, though...He held her closer. Everyone transformed into mere shadows on the wall.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|He who lies artistically, treads closer to the truth than ever he knows.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|To find my true identity, look for the simplicity freely suspended somewhere in the complex solution of evil and good. No matter what forms the solvent, what forms the solute.
Walter C. Lagner|People will believe a big lie sooner than a little one, and if you repeat it frequently enough, people will sooner or later believe it.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|In some situations, no one has courage to challenge the reason. Since faith causes the reasoning to evaporate.
Li-Young Lee, Breaking the Alabaster Jar: Conversations with Li-Young Lee|Brimming. That's what it is, I want to get to a place where my sentences enact brimming.
Ricardo Piglia, Los diarios de Emilio Renzi: Años de formación|When I have written my last word, I will have taken my last breath.
Debasish Mridha|To understand, you have to love, but to gain wisdom you have to understand with love.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The tendency of modern scientific teaching is to neglect the great books, to lay far too much stress upon relatively unimportant modern work, and to present masses of detail of doubtful truth and questionable weight in such a way as to obscure principles.
Ruth Negga|I am not hugely famous; I am not a name. For me, it's not the size of the role, it's the material and the people you are working with.
Mike Pence|If Christ has died for me, ungodly as I am, without strength as I am, then I cannot live in sin any longer, but must arouse myself to love and serve Him who has redeemed me.
Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore|If Relativity Theory kills our deepest convictions, why not start by finding out why we believed in them for millennia?
Chuck Jones|I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.
Lexxie Couper, Lead Me On|Gods, man, don't you start now,' I said softly. 'We're going to get a terrible reputation if we just keep travelling across the countryside crying all the time.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|How does it feel, anyway?"How does what feel?"When you take one of those books?"At that moment, she chose to keep still. If he wants an answer, he'd have to come back, and he did. "Well?" he asked, but again, it was the boy who replied, before Liesel could even open her mouth.It feels good, doesn't it? To steal something back.
Caroline Kepnes, Hidden Bodies|People are so lonely, they spend their birthdays on the Internet, thanking people for wishing them a happy birthday, people who only know it’s their birthday because Facebook told them.
Jandy Nelson|The sky's gone blue: azure, the ocean bluer: cerulean, the trees are swirls of every hella freaking green on earth and bright thick eggy yellow is spilling over everything. Awesome. Doomsday's most definitely been cancelled. Landscape: When God Paints Outside The Lines
Kelley Armstrong, The Summoning|Girls like good-looking guys, and I am not very good-looking. In fact, I sort of look like a pudding
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Changing prejudice often inverts the value of words while preserving most of their sense; virtues are turned into vices, artistic qualities become defects.
Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence|Why aren’t you asking a hundred other guys why they don’t write strong women characters? I believe that what I’m doing should not be remarked upon, let alone honoured… Because equality is not a concept. It’s not something we should be striving for. It’s a necessity. Equality is like gravity. We need it to stand on this earth as men and women. And the misogyny that is in every culture is not a true part of the human condition. It is life out of balance, and that imbalance is sucking something out of the soul of every man and woman who is confronted with it. We need equality. Kinda now. 'So, why do you write these strong female characters?' Because you’re still asking me that ques
Christy Turlington|I also think we need to maintain distinctions - the doctrine of creation is different from a scientific cosmology, and we should resist the temptation, which sometimes scientists give in to, to try to assimilate the concepts of theology to the concepts of science.
Paul Stefaniak|In addition to unfinished business, some ghosts haunt so that they will be remembered.
Harry S. Vested Jr.|The goal is essential to getting what you would like." ##
Rainbow Rowell|When I watch a romantic comedy, I feel like they're selling something that doesn't exist. Two beautiful, but extremely unpleasant, people are terrible to each other for an hour, accidentally kiss, then decide to like each other during an extremely vague montage. That isn't how people fall in love.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|There is no water in oxygen, no water in hydrogen: it comes bubbling fresh from the imagination of the living God, rushing from under the great white throne of the glacier. The very thought of it makes one gasp with an elemental joy no metaphysician can analyse. The water itself, that dances, and sings, and slakes the wonderful thirst--symbol and picture of that draught for which the woman of Samaria made her prayer to Jesus--this lovely thing itself, whose very wetness is a delight to every inch of the human body in its embrace--this live thing which, if I might, I would have running through my room, yea, babbling along my table--this water is its own self its own truth, and is therein a truth of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Tell me, who have never be knocked down by life’s circumstances?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if people do not understand you outrightly, do not worry; understand people outrightly and act with wisdom, courage and understanding
Penelope Mitchell|It has been said that love is a function of communication. I believe that to be true. I believe, by extension, that human understanding is a function of communication. And the better human beings understand one another, the higher the level of functioning.
Gus Van Sant|When I started out as a music journalist, at the end of the 1980s, it was generally assumed that we were living through the lamest music era the world would ever see. But those were also the years when hip-hop exploded, beatbox disco soared, indie rock took off, and new wave invented a language of teen angst.
Naomi Wolf|I'm supportive of women, absolutely, and it's so gratifying to have girls come up and say, 'I'm really inspired by your guitar playing.' I mean no disrespect to the sisterhood, but musically I feel more drawn to things like Dirty Projectors, the National and Grizzly Bear.
M.F. Moonzajer|Freedom of religion is not enough; we need the extinction of it, because no one has turned to be a religious by their own choice.
Ryan Holiday, Ego Is the Enemy|With determination and hard work, you will grow to a position capable of advising others.
Ishwar Akash Balloo|Don't wait for the world to change, be the change you wish to see in the world.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There can be no intellectual, spiritual, or emotional life without the substratum of memory. Without cognition and awareness of beauty and appreciation of our limited time on planet Earth, humankind’s sojourn would be a colorless collage composed of the base acts of a biological mass endeavoring merely to survive. Without the ability to recall striking memories, our emotional life would be stillborn. Absent authentic memories, our life struggles would seem purposeless: human beings would exhibit no capacity to reflect awe when witnessing the bounty of nature’s plenitude or be able to take in and express intense reverence for all that is sacred. Without memory, there would not be a dais to support faith or any ability to imagine a God; the concepts of good and evil would be nonexistent; and the past and the future would become less relevant than the choice between salt or pepper, and paper or plastic.
John E. Remsburg, The Christ|Repentance and yearning, and yearning and repentance: this is the total harvest of life.
Chelsea Manning|I guess I could say I'm an actor, which I am, but that sounds like I'm putting down being a movie star, which, let's face it, is what I've become to many people. For myself, I'm a guy who was very insecure from about age 14 until the day I hit my 30th birthday.
Gaurav GRV Sharma, Gaurav GRV Sharma|Sometimes we do not have words to explain our emotions, just a smile is enough.
A Man Called Ove|I speak my mind. If it offends some people, well, there's not much I can do about that. But I'm going to be honest. I'm going to continue to speak my mind, and that's who I am...
Patrick Süskind, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer|I like it where it gets dark at night, and if you want noise, you have to make it yourself.
Neil Gaiman|Let us not neglect the forbidden. Let us not sophisticate ourselves out of the cheap thrill and chill of it: the story told for perversity's sake, and all the better for that; the image created because an artist gets tired of reasons sometimes, and wants to dredge up some picture he's been haunted by, and parade it like a new tattoo. I go with it, readily.
Ann Somerville, Remastering Jerna|I wished, more than anything, to forget. But what I had, more than anything, was time to remember.
Nilesh Rathod|All suffering is a consequence of a constant quest. A quest to follow a mirage, the mirage that is the creation of our mind, the illusion of happiness, the illusion of being loved. That is what it is. Love itself is an illusion. We misuse the word so much we forget what it means. It means nothing, because it simply does not exist. It is the destiny of the mind to seek. When it does not discover what it seeks, it gives birth to hopelessness. And given our undying spirit, from that hopelessness rises hope itself. This hope takes us to the quest all over again, churning us in an endless cycle of suffering. This cycle is called life. Suffer you will, one way or the other...
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The journey of the sun and moon is predictable, but yours is your ultimate art.
Christina Rossetti|We must meet reverses boldly, and not suffer them to frighten us, my dear. We must learn to act the play out. We must live misfortune down, Trot!
Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven|Watch over Honoria, will you? See that she doesn’t marry an idiot.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Simon did not solve problems, he just shamed them into going away.
Jason Mraz|And I'm afraid, in this day and age, trust, which I count so, you know, I love loyalty. I love trust.
Itō Hirobumi|How I define patriotism, a knife, a riffle and some hand-gernades.
Mary Balogh, Simply Magic|And they all lived happily ever after, until they died.
Chris Gabrieli|I used to practice at the hockey ground on synthetic surface while I was in the sports hostel, so Test cricket is certainly going to be a challenge for me.
George Orwell, 1984|People are crazy and times are strange,I'm locked in tightI'm out of range,I use to carebut things have changed.
Brynn Myers, Falling Out of Focus|I was drowning, but all I needed to do was breathe.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|There was something so heavy about the burden of history, of the past. I wasn't sure I had it in me to keep looking back.
Emily Thorne|Destiny. To believe that a life is meant for a single purpose, one must also believe in a common fate. Father to daughter, brother to sister, mother to child. Blood ties can be as unyielding as they are eternal. But it is our bonds of choice that truly light the road we travel. Love versus hatred. Loyalty against betrayal. A person's true destiny can only be revealed at the end of his journey, and the story I have to tell is far from over.
Mitch Hedberg|O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
Coach Cassandra|Jesus told you all that I hid the spiritual wisdom from the mind and thus it could only be accessed from the heart. And yet men become “learned” in the Bible and study and pull it apart and attempt to put it back together again. Just like the old nursery rhyme of Humpty Dumpty, “All the King’s horses and all the King’s men could not put Humpty Dumpty back together again.” My words cannot be put together again. My word cannot be “put together” by the mind of any man. This is why I gave the New Covenant. It was and is My promise to guide those who wander, home again unto My heart.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Have His Carcase|She suddenly saw Wimsey in a new light. She knew him to be intelligent, clean, courteous, wealthy, well-read, amusing and enamored, but he had not so far produced in her that crushing sense of inferiority which leads to prostration and hero-worship. But she now realized that there was, after all, something godlike about him. He could control a horse.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|It was the impatience of the way he tore my panties from my body, that really turned me on: I was all he could think of, as his lust got the better of
Alter Bridge|We all fall sometime, you're not the first. I know it hurts. In the end, you'll find what you deserve.
Haruki Murakami, After Dark|Life is meaningless, when we take a life we take nothing of value.
Socrates, Essential Thinkers - Socrates|To know, is to know that you know nothing. That is the meaning of true knowledge.
Brad Garrett|It's funny because I remember when I came to the U.S. with 'Swimming Pool,' the movie did well, and it was great box office for a French movie, but I remember I was a bit upset because all people talked to me about was the nudity.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Healing is about wholeness and harmony. I deﬁne healing as anything that contributes to you feeling greater balance, harmony, wholeness, and well-being. In other words, you experience healing when you feel good; and healing is what you need any time you feel that you are out of balance—be it tired, stressed, fearful, or worried—or when you sense a disconnection between your mind, body, and spirit.
Julio Alexi Genao, When You Were Pixels|...my mind drifted to my family. I thought about how I had the opportunity to serve them. I didn’t have to carry them across a freezing river in the middle of a snowstorm or give them my food when they didn’t have enough. There would be other streams they would need help to cross, and I’d be there for them, always and in whatever way they needed me.
Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination|If You Get Accidentally Locked, In the loo - Would you ‪#‎KnockYourSelfOut‬?
Colin   Cameron|In his recent guest editorial, Richard McNally voices skepticism about the National Vietnam Veteran’s Readjustment Study (NVVRS) data reporting that over one-half of those who served in the Vietnam War have posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or subclinical PTSD. Dr McNally is particularly skeptical because only 15% of soldiers served in combat units (1). He writes, “the mystery behind the discrepancy in numbers of those with the disease and of those in combat remains unsolved today” (4, p 815). He talks about bizarre facts and implies many, if not most, cases of PTSD are malingered or iatrogenic. Dr McNally ignores the obvious reality that when people are deployed to a war zone, exposure to trauma is not limited to members of combat units (2,3). At the Operational Trauma and Stress Support Centre of the Canadian Forces in Ottawa, we have assessed over 100 Canadian soldiers, many of whom have never been in combat units, who have experienced a range of horrific traumas and threats in places like Rwanda, Somalia, Bosnia, and Afghanistan. We must inform Dr McNally that, in real world practice, even cooks and clerks are affected when faced with death, genocide, ethnic cleansing, bombs, landmines, snipers, and suicide bombers ...One theory suggests that there is a conscious decision on the part of some individuals to deny trauma and its impact. Another suggests that some individuals may use dissociation or repression to block from consciousness what is quite obvious to those who listen to real-life patients." Cameron, C., & Heber, A. (2006). Re: Troubles in Traumatology, and Debunking Myths about Trauma and Memory/Reply: Troubles in Traumatology and Debunking Myths about Trauma and Memory. Canadian journal of psychiatry, 51(6), 402.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Crack-Up|Before I go on with this short history, let me make a general observation– the test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.One should, for example, be able to see that things are hopeless and yet be determined to make them otherwise. This philosophy fitted on to my early adult life, when I saw the improbable, the implausible, often the "impossible," come true.
Salman Rushdie|[What Rushdie took away from reading Gunter Grass's The Tin Drum]: Go for broke. Always try and do too much. Dispense with safety nets. Take a deep breath before you begin talking. Aim for the stars. Keep grinning. Be ruthless. Argue with the world. And never forget that writing is as close as we get to keeping a hold on the thousand and one things--childhood, certainties, cities, doubts, dreams, instants, phrases, parents, loves--that go on slipping like sand, through our fingers.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|Life makes fools of us all sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, it's our own expectations that crush us.
M. Rose Bushéy|Focus on your goals, if they make you happy then go for it!At times you may become depressed but keeping pushing forward, they're within reach!
Nicky Wire|Like dry ground welcoming the rain, he let the solitude, silence, and loneliness soak in.
Patrick J. Carnes, Sexual Anorexia: Overcoming Sexual Self-Hatred|Accelerated Rehabilitation had a scientific sound, as if Pierre would rehabilitate faster and faster in an elliptical path until evaporating in a blue flash of pure mental health.
Shay Mitchell|I have a pretty active presence on social networking sites, and every day there are messages from so many young girls telling me that they are happy B-Town has curvy women like me. I feel you should be happy the way you are. Of course, fitness is important, but not to the extent of obsession!
Katy Kauffman, 2 Timothy: Winning the Victory|His face became a mirror, and in it I saw a monster version of myself, unleashing my anger like black magic. In front of my children, in front of my neighbors' house. If I'd really been a witch Nathan would have been a column of dust. Not even a lizard, not even a toad. Just nothing. Nothingness,
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the strength of God, we shall overcome every struggle.
Ellen Cushing|[I]f you don't feel or look rich, you don't necessarily feel the same sense of obligation that a traditional rich person does or should: Noblesse oblige is, after all, dependent on a classical idea of who is and is not the nobility. As that starts to fall away, obligation--to culture, to the future, to each other--begins to disappear too.
Felix Frankfurter of the U.S. Supreme Court, 1944.|Ladies and Gentlemen. I should like to inform you on behalf of the nation state of Guyana, that we are going to resign from being a country. We can't make it work. We have tried. We have done our best. It is not possible. The problems are insoluble. From midnight tonight, we shall cease trading. The country is now disbanded. We will voluntarily liquidate ourselves. The nation will disperse quietly, a little shamefaced but so what. We had a go.Different people have suggested different solutions. Do it this way. Try that. Let me have a go. Nothing works. We are at the mercy of the rich countries. A team of management consultants from the United States could not find the answer, and for not finding the answer, we had to pay them an amount that substantially increased our national debt. We give in, gracefully, but we give in."And then he imagined himself, quietly and with dignity, putting his papers in his briefcase, bowing to the hushed assembly, returning to clear out his office and going for a walk with his wife along the sea wall. (The Ventriloquist's Tale
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You would not believe what skill, power and ability your total intelligence possesses until you lose your balance.
Paul Auster, City of Glass|Would it be possible, he wondered, to stand up before the world and with the utmost conviction spew out lies and nonsense? To say that windmills were knights, that a barber’s basin was a helmet, that puppets were real people? Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said, even though they did not believe him? In other words, to what extent would people tolerate blasphemies if they gave them amusement? The answer is obvious, isn’t it? To any extent. For the proof is that we still read the book. It remains highly amusing to us. And that’s finally all anyone wants out of a book—to be amused.
Ashay Abbhi, Chronicles of Urban Nomads|The beauty of the unexpected lies within the surprise of the momentum,not only at its tipping point, but also within all the moments waiting.
Stephen L. Burns, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, 2012 December|Science has an unfortunate habit of discovering information politicians don't want to hear, largely because it has some bearing on reality.
Ernest Partridge, Responsibilities to future generations: Environmental ethics|Propaganda is a sprinter, but truth is a long-distance runner.
Billie Holiday|My mom, she's a great cook. You know, pirogue, borscht. I love borscht, and I love Pilemeni, meat dumplings.
Voltaire|Anxiety kicked in. I lacked people skills all my life. Any normal human interaction was foreign to me. I don’t know what to say, to not look like a major dork or something. I am weird like that. Always were.The dead – that’s a whole other world we’re talking about. They can’t interfere with my everyday life, other than to annoy me. I can be myself around the dead. The dead are good. The living? Not so much.
Rick Riordan, The Sword of Summer|Just follow my lead,’ I said. ‘It’ll be fun.’‘Please,’ Sam begged, ‘don’t let those words be carved on my tombstone.
Derek Jeter|Perhaps what's needed now is a bolder form of censure after all, because the Internet is not a universal human right. If people cannot be trusted to treat one another with respect, dignity and consideration, perhaps they deserve to have their online freedoms curtailed.
Peter S. Beagle, We Never Talk about My Brother|Henry's face went red in anger as he blustered at her audacity. It wasn't often anyone got the better of him, and Sin knew no woman had ever flummoxed him before. Not even Eleanor."You are willing to declare war for him ?" Henry asked indignantly.She didn't hesitate with her response. "I am. Are you?"Sin closed his eyes as he heard the most precious words of his life. She who believed in nothing but peace was willing to fight for him. He could die happily knowing that.Still, he couldn't let her do this. Henry would not rest until he buried her and her clan. A king's reputation was all he had, and if Henry lost face…"Callie," Sin said, waiting until her gaze met his. "Thank you, but you can't do this. You can't start a war over me. I'm not worth the cost.""You are worth everything to me.
Octavia Spencer|My philosophy is that I'm an artist. I perform an art not with a paint brush or a camera. I perform with bodily movement. Instead of exhibiting my art in a museum or a book or on canvas, I exhibit my art in front of the multitudes.
Bilal Bashir Magry|Seamlessly?” Stella’s laugh escaped her mouth and it was bitter and hard. “That may be an appropriate statement, because in order to look seamless, you must need to have an entire world of shit going on under the surface. I don’t see this seamless outside, but I’ll tell you I’ve never felt more lost inside.
Sunday Adelaja|The person, who works for the sake of gaining money, is serving money.
Theodore Isaac Rubin|Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I hunger for books, I search for knowledge.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|The way to conquer sin is not by working hard to change our deeds, but by trusting Jesus to change our desires. Follow Me, pg. 111.
John Fowles, The Magus|I want to tell you what's really happened.""Not now. Please not now. Whatever's happened, come and make love to me."And we did make love; not sex, but love; though sex would have been so much wiser.
Paul Merton|Films are big hits when they touch a lot of people. Things are not funny in a vacuum, they're funny because we respond to some personal dislocation, some embarrassment, some humiliation, some pain we've suffered, or some desire we have.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Another man of sheer violence was the late Stewart Boyd, he was killed in a car accident over in Spain’s Costa del Sol shortly after being released from prison in June 2003. But he certainly left his mark on the city streets of Glasgow. He was a force to be reckoned with, a gang enforcer. Murder and witness intimidation were high on his criminal charge sheet.
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|Ah me!" said he, "what might have been is not what is!
Meg Cabot, How to Be Popular|I think we're given multiple chances to meet multiple soulmates. Sure, you could meet a soulmate in highschool. But that doesn't mean if you don't act on it, you'll never meet anyone else. You will, just at a time that's more convenient for you.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Nonviolence is a way of life, where the task is to awaken the underlying goodness of every human being.
Nancy Ash|Life and death are two banks of the same river. Time is the boat on which we travel from one to the other, over and over.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|We leave something of ourselves behind when we leave a place, we stay there, even though we go away. And there are things in us that we can find again only by going back there.
John  Williams|He was himself, and he knew what he had been.
Richie Norton|Success is not about age, it's about action.
Stephen Richards|Regardless of whether luck or coincidence is involved, desires directed in the right way have a tendency to manifest.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|I would die for you. You know that. I would die without you. If it were not for you, I would be dead a hundred times over these past five years.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|By all means, somebody will oppose it, but if only it is a noble cause pleasant to God, you have no reason to retreat!
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|Life into death— Life’s other shape, No rupture, Only crossing.
Eric Frank Russell, The Great Explosion|If one would praise the Almighty, one must then revel in His works, and take them whole, adore their very grossness, savor the oozing quiddity of that slime of which He seems to be inordinately fond. Love is not nice. God's love assuredly is not; and human love, its copy, must not presume to be so.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|APRIL 20, 2017 Day 110 of 365...God did not bring you far to fail you now, it has full of succession both good vibes and bad times. But still have a way
Robert A. Heinlein|Virtual currency, where it's called a bitcoin vs. a U.S. dollar, that's going to be stopped. No government will ever support a virtual currency that goes around borders and doesn't have the same controls. It's not going to happen.
Nobuyuki Fukumoto, Saikyō Densetsu Kurosawa 10|We men have always fought to protect others... since the ancient times. Even though we were naked, and only had sticks and stones to defend ourselves... we still had the elderly, the young, our wives, friends, family, and homes... and to protect all of that we braved any danger, no matter what... and fought! And even among those cavemen there were useless failures! Just like how we are today! But in the end, even they gathered their courage, and fought! And, not surprisingly, being incompetent... they were killed! Even thought it was the death of an idiot... it was also... the death of a selfless hero!
Francis Thompson, Complete Poetical Works of Francis Thompson|The fairest things have fleetest end,Their scent survives their close:But the rose's scent is bitternessTo her who loved the rose.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|How is it that hardly any major religion has looked at science and concluded, “This is better than we thought! The Universe is much bigger than our prophets said, grander, more subtle, more elegant?” Instead they say, “No, no, no! My god is a little god, and I want him to stay that way.” A religion, old or new, that stressed the magnificence of the Universe as revealed by modern science might be able to draw forth reserves of reverence and awe hardly tapped by the conventional faiths.
David G. McAfee|Maybe scientists are fundamentalist when it comes to defining in some abstract way what is meant by 'truth'. But so is everybody else. I am no more fundamentalist when I say evolution is true than when I say it is true that New Zealand is in the southern hemisphere. We believe in evolution because the evidence supports it, and we would abandon it overnight if new evidence arose to disprove it.
Chuck Palahniuk, Diary|We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|You are a special breed that has never been. You are the highest stratum of the society. You belong to a class that is beyond compare. You are full of superiority that gives especial worth which is meritoriously near the standard or model and eminently good of its kind. You are an expression of distinction, the perfection of superbness and effulgence of class. You are meant for the highest crown of success, created for affecting lives, configured for goodness, packaged to be set apart and set great store by, and ordained to be widely known and honored for greater achievement. You are a rare breed with divine and inherent ability to reign, rule, dominate and prosper in every way of life.
Ralph Marston|Kids go to school and college and get through, but they don't seem to really care about using their minds. School doesn't have the kind of long term positive impact that it should.
Dan Ariely, The Upside of Irrationality: The Unexpected Benefits of Defying Logic at Work and at Home|...[D]ivision of labor, in my mind, is one of the dangers of work-based technology. Modern IT infrastructure allows us to break projects into very small, discrete parts and assign each person to do only one of the many parts. In so doing, companies run the risk of taking away employees' sense of the big picture, purpose, and sense of completion.
Jeremy Bentham|Create all the happiness you are able to create; remove all the misery you are able to remove. Every day will allow you, --will invite you to add something to the pleasure of others, --or to diminish something of their pains.
Sam Harris, Letter to a Christian Nation|... if we adopt the principle of universality: if an action is right (or wrong) for others, it is right (or wrong) for us. Those who do not rise to the minimal moral level of applying to themselves the standards they apply to others -- more stringent ones, in fact -- plainly cannot be taken seriously when they speak of appropriateness of response; or of right and wrong, good and evil
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
John A. Williams|Novelists would do well to remember that when the works of the scholar-historians create doubt in the researcher’s mind, the researcher then turns to literature as a primary source for confirmation or correction. If the truth of a time, a people, a state is not available anywhere else, let it be in the novel. - from Twayne’s US Authors Series: JOHN A WILLIAMS by Gilbert Muller
Gena Showalter|You are mine, woman. And I am yours. Until you, my life was desolate. I existed, but I didn't truly live. Now I live, even in my death." - Maddox , Sang Kekerasan
Dick Gregory|Of all the roles I've played, none has been as fulfilling as being a mother.
RVM|Even with all the Lace, you can't be an Ace without God's grace.
Robert Morgan|If a poem is not memorable, there's probably something wrong. One of the problems of free verse is that much of the free verse poetry is not memorable.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Distrust is like a vicious fire that keeps going and going, even put out, it will reignite itself, devouring the good with the bad, and still feeding on empty.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 1|My name is Hazel. I started out as an idea, but I ended up something more. Not much more, to be honest. It's not like I grow up to become some great war hero or any sort of all important savior... but thanks to these two, at least I get to grow old.Not everybody does.
Cass Sunstein|Inequality saps the economy by draining the buying power of Americans whose incomes have stagnated, forcing them to rely on debt to fund education, housing, and health care.
Christopher Morley|New York - that unnatural city where every one is an exile, none more so than the American
Jennifer Silverwood, Stay|I couldn't help smiling as he grasped my arms and held me in place because his warmth infected me. I hadn't known I was freezing until he held me. I hadn't known until then, after the long hours of separation, that with Cain I could pretend to be human.
Julian Street|Giving the rugged repairman the eye was one thing -- but Charity had no intention of snogging away a whole rainy afternoon when she was supposed to be catching up on her work. Lady Margaret was counting on her! But then again, Lady Margaret didn't have big brown eyes and a cheeky grin.
Eloisa James, Paris in Love|It was one thing to use computers as a tool, quite another to let them do your thinking for you.
Aaron Riches, Ecce Homo: On the Divine Unity of Christ|Orthodoxy, however, entails a revolution in our metaphysical conception of the relationship between God and humanity, and therefore between the uncreated Unum and the maior dissimilitudo of the creature before the Unum. Properly understood, the apostolic confession of the unity of Christ does not stand midway between a “too unitive Christology” on the one hand, and a “too differentiating Christology” on the other; rather, it wholly recapitulates the nature of the difference of man before God.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't give up! It seems difficult to you, right? Why not do something little about it every? A little strike each day can chop down big trees. Give it a try!
André Breton, Nadja|A law of nature is not a formula drawn up by a legislator, but a mere summary of the observed facts — a 'bundle of facts.' Things do not act in a particular way because there is a law, but we state the 'law' because they act in that way.
Mao Zedong|I don't want unnecessary violence, sergeant," said Blouse."Right you are, sir!" said the sergeant. "Carborundum! First man comes through that door runnin', I want him nailed to the wall!" He caught the lieutenant's eye, and added: "But not too hard!
Lynn Austin, Candle in the Darkness|The war has changed you, too, Caroline. Your faith is stronger, your compassion deeper, your love more intense than ever before. It's as if all the qualities I saw in you and fell in love with have been refined and purified.
Carolyn Custis James, Lost Women of the Bible: Finding Strength & Significance through Their Stories|The noble calling to rule and subdue the earth in God’s name was perverted, as male and female tried to rule and subdue each other.
Ari Fleischer|We ought to have more people who believe in constitutionally limited government. We have to have more people come to Congress with that mindset. I think we can make this a better place, if, when elections happen, we support candidates who share that philosophy.
Edward St. Aubyn, Lost for Words|There seemed to be no one in a position of power, from the Vatican to Wall Street, from Parliament to Scotland Yard to Fleet Street, who could think of anything better to do than abuse it....
Kristin Cashore, Fire|My boyfriend's an idiot," I say as soon as he lurches
Roma Downey, Son of God|Mentoring is the cultivation of young adults, the tender caring for and nurturing of them so that they will grow, flourish, and be fruitful.
Edward St. Aubyn|No pain is too small if it hurts, but any pain is too big if it's cherished.
Pawan Mishra|If certain aspect needs to be inconsistent, it must better be consistently inconsistent throughout the story.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|A crowded society is a restrictive society; an overcrowded society becomes an authoritarian, repressive and murderous society.
Tarun J. Tejpal, The Alchemy of Desire|I was still madly in love with her when I left her but the desire had died, and not all the years of sharing and caring and discovering and journeying could keep me from fleeing.
Janet Evanovich, Hot Six|If she wasn't your grandmother I'd shoot her."Ranger
J. Zima|If he treats you a choice like A, B, C, and D, help him understand that YOU are not belong in the choices.
Owen   Jones, The Establishment: And How They Get Away with It|The Establishment is amassing wealth and aggressively annexing power in a way that has no precedent in modern times. After all, there is nothing to stop it.
Albert Einstein, Why Socialism?|Private capital tends to become concentrated in few hands, partly because of competition among the capitalists, and partly because technological development and the increasing division of labor encourage the formation of larger units of production at the expense of smaller ones. The result of these developments is an oligarchy of private capital the enormous power of which cannot be effectively checked even by a democratically organized political society. This is true since the members of legislative bodies are selected by political parties, largely financed or otherwise influenced by private capitalists who, for all practical purposes, separate the electorate from the legislature. The consequence is that the representatives of the people do not in fact sufficiently protect the interests of the underprivileged sections of the population. Moreover, under existing conditions, private capitalists inevitably control, directly or indirectly, the main sources of information (press, radio, education). It is thus extremely difficult, and indeed in most cases quite impossible, for the individual citizen to come to objective conclusions and to make intelligent use of his political rights.
Josiah Gilbert Holland|We have these weapons of mass destruction on every street corner, and they're called donuts, cheeseburgers, French fries, potato chips, junk food. Our kids are living on a junk food diet.
Will Rogers|I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.
G. Willow Wilson|It means a lot to me, the sanctity of marriage.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|Learn to let go or everything you have ever done will be in vain. You will let go of everything right now." He told me, staring into my blue eyes with his big golden orbs. "You are going to let go of everything in this world and let yourself become nothing. Do you understand?
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Whose memories are these? Who speaks to her of this gentle time that she is too young to have known herself? There was hardship then, certainly, but not hearts chained and heavy with fear. Who is it that laughs with aged lightheartedness and suggests that this is still a place of promise?
Robert Graves|Let’s not be too harsh where poets are concerned. They have to live in no-man’s-land, halfway between dreams and reality.
Jessica Florence, Weighing of the Heart|I don’t want to talk about it,” she said. Once again he was close. Too close. So damn close. “At all,” she added, hearing with some alarm that her voice had softened. Everything had softened, at just his proximity. “Ever,” she whispered, and found her gaze locked on his mouth.He had a really great mouth.
N.T. Wright, For All the Saints: Remembering the Christians Departed|If you thought dead was just dead, then you wouldn't have to worry about any of this.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|New York makes one think of the collapse of civilization, about Sodom and Gomorrah, the end of the world. The end wouldn't come as a surprise here. Many people already bank on it.
Janet Reno|Once a teen has been identified as part of the 'target market,' he knows he's done for. The object of the game is to confound the marketers, and keep one's own, authentic culture from showing up at the shopping mall as a prepackaged corporate product.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|I cared her, I adored her, I loved her a lot, But in the End it didn't matter at all..!!
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|Clarity is like casting light. Clarity allows us to see better and eases the path of understanding. And just as one light source need not deny the illumination of another but can add to it, the understanding gained through one explanation can stand to gain from another, even if it is different in approach. The truth is more exclusive...
Garcilaso de la Vega|I don’t want to say it, I truly don’t, but if you’ve gone this far I suppose it’s obvious that what was ignited when I loved you continues to burn. But that’s of small importance to you now, and that’s how it should be. Everything is in its place. The past rests, breathing faintly in the darkness. It no longer holds me as it used to; now I must reach back to touch it. It is night and I am alone and there is still time, a moment more. I am standing on a long black stage, with a circle of light on me, which is my love for you, enduring. I have escaped—or have been expelled—from eternity and am back in time. But I step out once more to sing this aria, this confession, this testament without end. My arms open wide, not to embrace you but to embrace the world, the mystery we are caught in. There is no orchestra, no audience; it is an empty theater in the middle of the night and all the clocks in the world are ticking. And now for this last time, Jade, I don’t mind, or even ask if it is madness: I see your face, I see you, you; I see you in every seat.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Can a person steal happiness? Or is just another internal, infernal human trick?
Oprah Winfrey|I’d allowed myself to feel love –yes, love– for another person in a way I’d once sworn to myself I never would. I’d become completely vulnerable, and now I’d been torn apart with hurt and catapulted onto a path I might never have taken otherwise. I’d risked my life for an outsider. For a stranger. Worse, I had a feeling I was going to do it again.
Jean Faustin Louembe|let's bear His name and walk by His WordIsaiah 4:1King James Version (KJV)4 And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, We will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach.The word woman in the bible is mostly put there to represent the church, and the man like Christ himself. It is so sad to see how clear this scenario is visible in our days. Many churches claiming to have the word of God, claiming to know Jesus-Christ but yet denying that Word if it isn't explain according to what they've been taught from their theological schools. They just want to be called child of God or christian but still living horribles lives outside the assemblies. The bible emphasises on the word NAME, we see people baptising in titles : father, son and Holy Ghost. Remember that even from our grammar, those three aren't names but rather titles. The name by which everything is been done is the name of Jesus-Christ. So even if your marriage is been blessed in those titles, you need to do what is right. God will not take any excuses for He has set His Word and wants us to behave like it, to walk by it and to do everything by it. May God be gracious to us, for we will give an account for whatever we do under the sun. Shalom God bless you.
Shannon Greenland, The Summer My Life Began|She raised her sad blue eyes to mine. "It's going to be so boring here without you. And I'm going to have to deal with Grandmother on my own! You need to e-mail, text, call, send smoke signals--whatever--and tell me everything you're doing."I laughed. "Yes, I know. Every day. I promise.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Listen to what is being preached today. Look at everyone around us. You’ve wondered why they suffer, why they seek happiness and never find it. If any man stopped and asked himself whether he’s ever held a truly personal desire, he’d find the answer. He’d see that all his wishes, his efforts, his dreams, his ambitions are motivated by other men. He’s not really struggling even for material wealth, but for the second-hander’s delusion - prestige. A stamp of approval, not his own. He can find no joy in the struggle and no joy when he has succeeded. He can’t say about a single thing: ‘This is what I wanted because I wanted it, not because it made my neighbors gape at me’. Then he wonders why he’s unhappy.
Beatriz Williams, The Secret Life of Violet Grant|The city was a hive from this height, the people and the yellow cabs moving about in the street below like pre-programmed insects. (Dark City Lights)
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|There is a season for wildness and a season for settledness, and this is neither. This season is about becoming. Don't lose yourself at happy hour, but don't lose yourself on the corporate ladder, either.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|Isn't there a flaw in the logic of that phrase - speak truth to power? It assumes that power doesn't know the truth. But power knows the truth just as well, if not better, than the powerless know the truth. Enron knows what it's doing. We don't have to tell it what it's doing. We have to tell other people what Enron is doing. Similarly, the people who are building the dams know what they're doing. The contractors know how much they're stealing. The bureaucrats know how much they're getting in bribes.Power knows the truth. There isn't any doubt about that. It is really about telling the story. Good fiction is the truest thing that ever there was. Facts are not necessarily the only truths. Facts can be fiddled with by economists and bankers. There are other kinds of truth. It's about telling the story. As a writer, that's the best thing I can do. It's not just about digging up facts.
Charles Krauthammer|We may differ on many things, but what we respect is freeinquiry, openmindedness, and the pursuit of ideas for their own sake.We do not hold our convictions dogmatically: the disagreement betweenProfessor Stephen Jay Gould and Professor Richard Dawkins,concerning “punctuated evolution” and the unfilled gaps in post-Darwinian theory, is quite wide as well as quite deep, but we shallresolve it by evidence and reasoning and not by mutual excommunication.
Susan B. Anthony|Morality binds people into groups. It gives us tribalism, it gives us genocide, war, and politics. But it also gives us heroism, altruism, and sainthood.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Early and Miscellaneous Letters of J. W. Goethe: Including Letters to His Mother. With Notes and a Short Biography|Instruction does much, but encouragement everyt
Steve Maraboli|If I want to deprive you of your watch, I shall certainly have to fight for it; if I want to buy your watch, I shall have to pay for it; and if I want a gift, I shall have to plead for it; and, according to the means I employ, the watch is stolen property, my own property, or a donation. Thus we see three different results from three different means. Will you still say that the means do not matter?
Francis Bacon|We are much beholden to Machiavelli and others, that write what men do, and not what they ought to do . For it is not possible to join serpentine wisdom with the columbine innocency, except men know exactly all the conditions of the serpent; his baseness and going upon his belly, his volubility and lubricity, his envy and sting, and the rest; that is, all forms and natures of evil. For without this, virtue lieth open and unfenced. Nay, an honest man can do no good upon those that are wicked, to reclaim them, without the help of the knowledge of evil.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|The only things known to go faster than ordinary light is monarchy, according to the philosopher Ly Tin Weedle. He reasoned like this: you can't have more than one king, and tradition demands that there is no gap between kings, so when a king dies the succession must therefore pass to the heir instantaneously. Presumably, he said, there must be some elementary particles -- kingons, or possibly queons -- that do this job, but of course succession sometimes fails if, in mid-flight, they strike an anti-particle, or republicon. His ambitious plans to use his discovery to send messages, involving the careful torturing of a small king in order to modulate the signal, were never fully expanded because, at that point, the bar closed.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|Chocolate may be cheaper than a psychiatrist, but the latter doesn't generally adhere to your ass for the rest of your natural life.
Lord Dunsany, A Dreamer's Tales|Then I perceived, what I had never thought, that all these staring houses were not alike, but different one from another, because they held different dreams.
Ben Schnetzer|In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|She sat in her perfect house, with her perfect husband, wishing that her perfect life would end.
Elisabeth Naughton, Bound|What is it about Paris that I just can’t keep my hands off of you?” I ask him in between kisses.“It has nothing to do with Paris and everything to do with my raw sexuality, baby. I’m fucking irresistible,” he growls just before he shoves his tongue down my th
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|Though Anne was born in Alabama and schooled in Mississippi, she had traveled North, and, like many Southerners, gained a theoretical understanding of the concept of cold. But the mind is an overprotective parent. What it doesn't care for, it hides. Like many inhabiting the subtropics, Anne had repressed the reality of subzero mercury. 
Harold Prince|Animals are everywhere. Some are more romantic, like tigers and elephants and chimpanzees, and some are less romantic, like earthworms, but they are just as interesting.
Dave Guerrero|There was no up, there was no down. There was a steady, nauseated life five minutes ago, but nothing five minutes from now. And then, very suddenly, there was no 'now.
Rollo May, Love and Will|But there also seems to be in our culture a curious cautiousness—“You’ll get these abundant gratifications only if you don’t feel too much, don’t let on you want too much.” The result is that, instead of conquering the world like Horatio Alger, we should wait passively until the genie of technology—which we don’t push or influence, only await—brings us our appointed gratifications. All of this is a part of the rewards which go with belief in the vast myth of the machine in the twentieth century.
Mohja Kahf, E-mails from Scheherazad|All women speak two languages: the language of men and the language of silent suffering.  Some women speak a third, the language of queens.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|In the war of magic and religion, is magic ultimately the victor? Perhaps priest and magician were once one, but the priest, learning humility in the face of God, discarded the spell for prayer.
Sarah Gadon|I have tender, romantic associations with upstate New York.
Sara Sheridan|If you've been hurt and you've grieved and you've been through the mill, it takes a long time to get over it.
Jennifer Love Hewitt|We are shallow because our media are so horribly shallow. Every morning, I peruse the papers, and there is so little to read in them. It is the same with radio - all that noise, that artifice.
Michael Gruber, The Good Son|And by the way, if I always tell you the truth, you might start to believe me.
Cari Luna, The Revolution of Every Day|You've turned on us, New York. We who see your jagged-tooth skyline rise up and want to weep because we are so full of you. We who know that the tumbledown tenements are beautiful, that the cracked sidewalks are beautiful, that the iron and cobblestones, the soot and the stink are beautiful, that the tired old shoemakers are beautiful. That the bodega cats, the gutter rats, the endless clouds of pigeons are beautiful . . . We mourn for you, New York, because you are forgetting us, your brash and ragged children.
Julieth Figueroa R.|Mr. Collins was to attend them, at the request of Mr. Bennet, who was most anxious to get rid of him, and have his library to himself
-Me|- ^ -^ ^ ^Are we living in a psychopathic, doggy-dog system? -What about a new language - a new ethics?
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Every work turns against its author: the poem will crush the poet, the system the philosopher, the event the man of action. Destruction awaits anyone who, answering to his vocation and fulfilling it, exerts himself within history; only the man who sacrifices every gift and talent escapes: released from his humanity, he may lodge himself in Being. (...) One always perishes by the self one assumes: to bear a name is to claim an exact mode of collapse.
Sunday Adelaja|If the holy spirit is in you, you are free, even if you are in a physical jail
Charles Fishman, The Wal-Mart Effect: How the World's Most Powerful Company Really Works - and How It's Transforming the American Economy|Wal-mart has done such a superb job of austerity, from start to finish, that austerity is all that's left.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|One would never defeat one's circumstances by working and saving one's pennies; one would never, by working, acquire that many pennies, and, besides, the social treatment accorded even the most successful Negroes proved that one needed, in order to be free, something more than a bank account. One needed a handle, a lever, a means of inspiring fear. It was absolutely clear that the police would whip you and take you in as long as they could get away with it, and that everyone else—housewives, taxi-drivers, elevator boys, dishwashers, bartenders, lawyers, judges, doctors, and grocers—would never, by the operation of any generous human feeling, cease to use you as an outlet for his frustrations and hostilities.
Mihailo Markovic|Another basic characteristic of liberalism which constitutes a formidable obstacle to an oppressed group's liberation is its conception of human nature. If selfishness, aggressiveness, the drive to conquer and dominate, really are among defining human traits, as every liberal philosopher since Locke tries to convince us, the oppression in civil society—i.e. in the social sphere not regulated by the state—is a fact of life, and the basic civil relationship between a man and a women will always remain a battlefield. Woman, being less aggressive, is then either the less human of the two and doomed to subjugation, or else she must get more power-hungry herself and try to dominate man. Liberation for both is not feasible.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|I find myself nursing keen regret at probably not being able to live long enough to explain properly to you what I do not myself pretend to know. But since it has been proved that by an extraordinary chance I have not yet lost my life since that far-off time when, filled with terror, I began the preceding sentence, I mentally calculate that it will not be useless here to construct the complete avowal of my basic impotence, especially when it is a matter (as at present) of this imposing & inaccessible question. It is, generally speaking, a singular thing that the attractive tendency which induces us to seek out (in order to then express them) the resemblances & differences concealed in the natural properties of the most conflicting objects, & on the surface sometimes the least apt to lend themselves to this kind of sympathetically curious combination, which -upon my word -gracefully add to the style of the writer, who for personal satisfaction requites himself with the impossible & unforgettable appearance of an owl grave until eternity.
Jae Woong Kim, Polishing the Diamond, Enlightening the Mind: Reflections of a Korean Buddhist Master|In Eden, worship was not an event to attend, but a perpetual attitude.
Christopher Kennedy Lawford, When Your Partner Has an Addiction: How Compassion Can Transform Your Relationship|Human beings have a deep need to bond and form connections. If we can’t connect with each other, we will connect with whatever we can find … It is disconnection that drives addiction.
Amy Jackson|Being successful is about professionalism, and chewing gum is unprofessional. Its also a huge pet peeve of mine.
Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me|Anthony Bridgerton leaned back in his leather chair,and then announced, "I'm thinking about getting married."Benedict Bridgerton, who had been indulging in a habit his mother detested—tipping his chair drunkenly on the back two legs—fell over.Colin Bridgerton started to choke.Luckily for Colin, Benedict regained his seat with enough time to smack him soundly on the back, sending a green olive sailing across the table.It narrowly missed Anthony's ear.
Abhijit Naskar|If you want to consume the cream of Christ's philosophy, then don't read the Bible, read Tolstoy.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|If she allowed herself to give in to the whole sadness of it, she'd never ever be able to operate like a normal person again.
Jennifer Garner|I love dress shopping, and I love talking about the wedding food. That's what makes me happy. If you tell me to do a guest list, I cry. I hate it.
Charles Yang, The Infinite Gift: How Children Learn and Unlearn the Languages of the World|We're basking in language itself. The silence of my friend. My love. The one beyond words in her silence. She is always eternally before. When she speaks it is shit, a gift, something to do. In our moment, of waiting, pointing, silent gear, what we went out for—that is pointing. Shit is the award. The award is shit.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|The first time she carved something into her skin, she used the sharp tip of an X-Acto knife. She lifted up her shirt to show me after the cuts had scabbed over. She had scrawled F*** YOU on her stomach. I stood quiet for a moment, feeling the breath get knocked out of me. I should have grabbed her arm and taken her straight to the nurse's office, into that small room with two cots covered in paper sheets and the sweet, stale medicinal 
Emily Arden, The Gemini Effect: Deception: Book Three|Sometimes it is worth taking a risk, no matter what the consequences.
Missy Elliott|My father was a teacher and my mother also worked in the school, so the family has a background in education.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|When something poses as obstacle to you,surmount it and use it as a miracle to move on to greater height.
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|Most lives are not distinguished by great achievements. They are measured by an infinite number of small ones. Each time you do a kindness for someone or bring a smile to his face, it gives your life meaning. Never doubt your value, little friend. The world would be a dismal place without you in it. (tweaked version of a passage from Scandal in Spring)
Julie Reece Deaver, Say Goodnight, Gracie|That's what it's all about–knowing what you have to lose, but risking the loss anyway.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|You walk by faith and not by sight, because you do not hope for your future; instead, you envision it with detail, clarity, and confidence. Your expectations for what is to come and for other people are built on solid foundations, creating higher standards and greater value in your life, relationships, family, and friends.
Mark Sundeen, The Man Who Quit Money|This is a nation that professes to be a Christian nation," [Suelo] tells me, surveying his temporary kingdom. "And yet it's basically illegal to live according to the teachings of Jesus.
Arthur Koestler, Darkness at Noon|Ivanov- "Up to now , all revolutions have been made by moralizing diletantes. They were always in good faith and perished because of their dilettantism. We for the first time are consequent...""Yes," said Rubashov. "So consequent, that in the interests of a just distribution of land we deliberately let die of starvation about five million farmers and their families in one year. So consequent were we in the liberation of human beings from the shackles of industrial exploitation that we sent about ten million people to do forced labour in the Artic regions and the jungles of the East, under conditions similar to those of antique galley slaves. So consequent that, to settle a difference of opinion, we know only one argument: death, whether it is a matter of submarines, manure, or the Party line to be followed in Indo-China. ...
Caroline George, The Vestige|Welcome to the apocalypse. Where make-do is a motto and life seems wrong, out-of-place. Where the weak become strong because they have no other choice.
Confucius, The Ethics of Confucius|How good something is should never be determined by its cost, designer, origin, or its perceived value by others.
Henri Poincare|Economics is not an exact science. It's a combination of an art and elements of science. And that's almost the first and last lesson to be learned about economics: that in my judgment, we are not converging toward exactitude, but we're improving our data bases and our ways of reasoning about them.
Amy Lee|I don't feel comfortable doing interviews. My profession is music, and writing songs. That's what I do. I like to do it, but I hate to talk about it.
Abraham Maslow|It sounds funny, but my biggest fear is that I'm not perfect. I'm a perfectionist, and I get upset when things go wrong or when I don't do well.
Andrea A. Lunsford, The Everyday Writer|Literature might be called the art of story, and story might in turn be called a universal language, for every culture we know of has a tradition of storytelling. No doubt stories have touched your life, too, from bedtime stories you may have heard as a child to news stories you see on TV or read in a newspaper. We might even say that a major goal of living is to created the story of our own lives, a story we hope to take pleasure and pride in telling.
Stella Payton|Like the bud of a flower, change forces you to surrender to growth. It makes you vulnerable. It requires you to enlarge, expand and become bigger. Like the oxygen provided with each breath, we are denied its benefits until we relax and breathe in.
Mehmet Murat ildan|She could not keep his death in her head, like when she tried to imagine the infiniteness of the universe and nearly swooned at the vastness of the thought.
Jalina Mhyana, The Wishing Bones|If I must die young, bury me in a music box. I’ll be the pale ballerina with dirtin her hair. Attach my painless feet to metal springs and open the lid when you visit.Watch me rise and pirouette, my arms overhead tickling the dark night’s belly until I’m dizzy, until the stars melt and spiral into a halo over my head and I’ve stirred my death into the sky.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Eventually he understood that he was crying for himself. He was ashamed of the man whom he had become, mourning the man whom he had expected to be when he'd been a boy.
A. Zavarelli, Echo|He suffered," added Athos softly. "But not like you." He brought his mouth closer. "No one suffers as beautifully as you.
Pope Benedict XVI|My love of consistency with my own doctrinal views is not great enough to allow me knowingly to alter a single text of Scripture. I have great respect for orthodoxy, but my reverence for inspiration is far greater. I would sooner a hundred times over appear to be inconsistent with myself than be inconsistent with the word of God. I never thought it to be any very great crime to seem to be inconsistent with myself; for who am I that I should everlastingly be consistent? But I do think it a great crime to be so inconsistent with the word of God that I should want to lop away a bough or even a twig from so much as a single tree of the forest of Scripture. God forbid that I should cut or shape, even in the least degree, any divine expression.
Caris Brooke|We remember though all the firelit glowOf a great hearth's gleam and glare,And we looked for a space at each happy faceAnd the love that was written there.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|I've been waiting a long time for a quest, seaweed brain," she said. "Athena is no fan of Poseidon, but if you're going to save the world, I'm the best person to keep you from messing up.
Richelle E. Goodrich|We are all the heroes of our own stories, and on of the arts of perspective is to see yourself small on the stage of another's story, to see the vast expanse of the world that is not about you, and to see your power, to make your life, to make others, or break them, to tell stories rather that be told by them.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|If you wish to live in harmony, you must respect every person and, in non-essential matters, yield!
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Whenever you think seriously to achieve something, just take one advise : Think on Paper
Amber Silvia, Unspoken|You were a pain, then. You still are. You’re just a different kind of pain to me.
Justin Cronin, The Twelve|You’d throw yourself in front of a bus for me.”She would and he knew it.He knew it and she knew that he felt that knowledge burrow deep and he liked it.Elle felt tears stinging the backs of her eyes, her body melted into his,her arms tightened around him and she whispered back, “Yes,Pren,though I hope I never get the chance.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|...it’s my job to lead you to success, and, if you fail, it’s because I failed, not you.’” (Spoken by Bracke, told by Eric)
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Ralph Waldo Emerson“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.”― Ralph Waldo Emerson
Vaclav Havel|I know from personal experience how fear and low self worth can cripple one's ability to succeed in life. But with a little support, caring and inspiration, miracles can happen.
Natasha Trethewey, Thrall|ArtifactAs long as I can remember you kept the rifle--your grandfather's an antique you called it-in your study, propped against the tall shelvesthat held your many books. Upright,beside those hard-worn spins, it was anotherbackbone of your pas, a remnant I studiedas if it might unlock-- like the skeleton keyits long body resembled-- some door i had yetto find. Peering into the dark muzzle, I imagined a bulletas you described: spiraling through the boreand spinning straight for its target. It did not hit methen: the rifle I'd inherited showing mehow one life is bound to another, that hardshipendures. For years I admired its slender profile,until-- late one night, somber with drink--you told meit still worked, that you kept it loaded just in case,and I saw the rifle for what it is; a relicsharp as sorrow, the barrel hollow as regret.
Buffy Andrews, Gina and Mike|My words shall open the portal to thee.My words shall reveal for thy eyes to see.My words shall forewarn what is yet to be. To find the way you must follow your heart,Any other path shall tear us apart. From Eleventh Elementum
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|I can hear our hearts breaking."A tear wets my fingertips, his tears, and his other hand encases my face, the way mine does him. His lips nearly skim mine. "I’ll shield your ears from the sound of heartbreak.
Keith Richards|Even if you think you're doing well and have it all figured out, there is a voice you will always inevitably hear at some point which nags at you and says "but wait..." Don't ever dismiss it, listen to what it has to say. Life will never be close enough to perfect, and listening to that voice means stepping outside of yourself and considering your own wrongdoings and flaws.
Rabindranath Tagore|When I stand before thee at the day's end, thou shalt see my scars and know that I had my wounds and also my healing.
John C. Stipa, No Greater Sacrifice|Renee: “Trout, get your mind out of the gutter.”Trout: “Can’t help it—it’s attached to my body.
Nick Trout, Ever By My Side: A Memoir in Eight [Acts] Pets|Without fail, he always signed off on these letters with love and he always included Whiskey and Bess in the list of individuals sending this love my way. At the time it made me laugh, it made me embarrassed, but as soon as I softened, as soon as I matured back into his son, I came to appreciate what he was saying -- an endearing and magnanimous reminder of how family will always be the sum of its individual members, be they human or animal.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Trial by Fire|In the end,” Callum said, his voice soft, gentle, “it all comes back to you. You protect them [your pack], you love them, you live for them, and someday, you die. That’s what it means, Bryn-girl, to be what we are [to be Alpha]. It’s lonely. It’s impossible. It’s all-consuming.” It is what it is.
François-René de Chateaubriand, Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe|The tints of autumn...a mighty flower garden blossoming under the spell of the enchanter, frost.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|If you don't have answers to your problems after a four-hour run, you ain't getting them.
Rachel Caine, Carpe Corpus|What I'm trying to say, Brooke Overland, is that I want to be your nanny."That's seriously the most romantic thing I've ever heard in my life.
Charlotte Brontë|Where my soul went during that swoon I cannot tell. Whatever she saw, or wherever she travelled in her trance on that strange night she kept her own secret; never whispering a word to Memory, and baffling imagination by an indissoluble silence. She may have gone upward, and come in sight of her eternal home, hoping for leave to rest now, and deeming that her painful union with matter was at last dissolved. While she so deemed, an angel may have warned her away from heaven's threshold, and, guiding her weeping down, have bound her, once more, all shuddering and unwilling, to that poor frame, cold and wasted, of whose companionship she was grown more than weary.I know she re-entered her prison with pain, with reluctance, with a moan and a long shiver. The divorced mates, Spirit and Substance, were hard to re-unite: they greeted each other, not in an embrace, but a racking sort of struggle.
Liz  Newman|I am worth more than these excuses. I am worth more than this inconsistent, unhealthy, disappointing dynamic. I am worthy of finding someone that is never going to allow us to settle into this toxic, distorted version of love.
Chris Wood|For my 11th birthday, I asked to be adopted.
Rick Perlstein, Before the Storm: Barry Goldwater and the Unmaking of the American Consensus|Perhaps I couldn’t tickle the inside of his ear, but I could reach the mysterious curves of his mind.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|True leaders are ready to sweat when making rehearsal, than to cry tears when actually practicing. To save the tears, be ready to sweat!
Sunday Adelaja|When we allow people to fellowship with us, God welcomes us into fellowshipping with Him
Carroll Bryant|Smoking will probably kill me, but so will natural selection.
Sam Whitehouse, The Prophecy of Three: The Keys of Time|In 1945, Oppenheimer posited that what happened during the Trinity Test was due to ‘Time Tunnels.’ A 50-year ‘time tunnel.”“So, in 1945, you could send a soldier 50 years back?”“Exactly. Well, except for the fact that at the time we didn’t know if we ever could deliberately send something or someone, but we were already sure it was a one-way trip.
Leonardo da Vinci|If I was left to my own devices, you would see about ten T-shirts in rotation with maybe a few nice pairs of jeans - but I also like to look good. I like feeling really well put together, I just don't have the aptitude and the knowledge to do that.
V.C. Andrews, Pearl in the Mist|Some steal, earn a lot of money, but lose their honour and become very poor; some work, earn a little money, but gain a good honour and become very rich!
Sam Brownback|I force people to have coffee with me, just because I don't trust that a friendship can be maintained without any other senses besides a computer or cellphone screen.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Out of my thoughts! You are part of my existence, part of myself. You have been in every line I have ever read, since I first came here, the rough common boy whose poor heart you wounded even then. You have been in every prospect I have ever seen since – on the river, on the sails of the ships, on the marshes, in the clouds, in the light, in the darkness, in the wind, in the woods, in the sea, in the streets. You have been the embodiment of every graceful fancy that my mind has ever become acquainted with. The stones of which the strongest London buildings are made, are not more real, or more impossible to displace with your hands, than your presence and influence have been to me, there and everywhere, and will be. Estella, to the last hour of my life, you cannot choose but remain part of my character, part of the little good in me, part of the evil. But, in this separation I associate you only with the good, and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may. O God bless you, God forgive you!
Troy Polamalu|Playing professional sports, it's important to eat healthy and take care of your body. In the offseason, rest is really important to me.
Osho, Courage: The Joy of Living Dangerously|Love sharpens intelligence, fear dulls it. Who wants you to be intelligent? Not those who are in power. How can they want you to be intelligent?—because if you are intelligent you will start seeing the whole strategy, their games. They want you to be stupid and mediocre. They certainly want you to be efficient as far as work is concerned, but not intelligent; hence humanity lives at the lowest, at the minimum of its potential.
Johnny Colt|For whatever trauma came with service in tough circumstances, we should take what we learned - take our post-traumatic growth - and, like past generations coming home, bring our sharpened strengths to bear, bring our attitude of gratitude to bear.
Jose Carreras|For there is no friend like a sister in calm or stormy weather; To cheer one on the tedious way, to fetch one if one goes astray, to lift one if one totters down, to strengthen whilst one stands.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God isn’t finished with you when you retire! When we know Christ, we never retire from His service.
Mary Morrell, Things My Father Taught Me About Love|Within the mystery of death, love stands guard and waits, filling the moments that "are" with itself, so that the moments to come will never be empty, never devoid of someone so loved.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Seemingly suicidal, it's not. I never wanted to live. I wanted to be happy. Living was always accidental.
Charles Caleb Colton|Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
Angelo Tsanatelis, Origins|Lady Selyse was as tall as her husband, thin of body and thin of face, with prominent ears, a sharp nose, and the faintest hint of a mustache on her upper lip. She plucked it daily and cursed it regularly, yet it never failed to return. Her eyes were pale, her mouth stern, her voice a whip. She cracked it now.
Tim Holden|It's a social contract we make. We're willing to give up certain things. We give you the right to tax us. We give you the right to lock us up. We give you the right to put us on surveillance, search our homes, whatever and, in exchange, we get a functioning society that keeps us relatively safe, and that's the tradeoff we make.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Whether or not people go into space or serve the space industry, they will have the sensitivity to those fields necessary to stimulate unending innovation in the technological fields, and it's that innovation in the 21st century that will drive tomorrow's economies.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|Yet in reality, the likelihood of reaching the pinnacle of capitalist society today is only marginally better than were the chances of being accepted into the French nobility four centuries ago, though at least an aristocratic age was franker, and therefore kinder, about the odds. It did not relentlessly play up the possibilities open to all those with a take on the future of the potato crisp, and so, in turn, did not cruelly equate an ordinary life with a failed one.Our era is perverse in passing off an exception as a rule.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|When people stop buying from us, do not blame the market conditions straightaway, we must first analyze a change in the buying behavior due to market conditions, maybe the luxury / exposure is not part of their wish list, maybe they only “buy” strictly out of need, and what they need is fulfillment of their need in a cost-effective way.
R. Buckminster Fuller|Everyone is born a genius, but the process of living de-geniuses them.
Ted Chiang, The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate|Nothing erases the past. There is repentance, there is atonement, and there is forgiveness. That is all, but that is enough.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Suffering has many faces. If we discover the roots of one suffering, we are at the same time discovering the roots of others.
Alex George, Setting Free the Kites|Love as powerful as your mother's for you leaves it's own mark. To have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Give me lust, baby.Flash.Give me malice.Flash.Give me detached existentialist ennui.Flash.Give me rampant intellectualism as a coping mechanism.Flash.
Mel Brooks|Netflix, Amazon, iTunes - whatever platforms emerge - we are looking at as having the same potential that home video had for the movie business. Which means there are entirely new opportunities to monetize our capital investment in content and do so in ways that work for distributors, for consumers and for creators.
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals|Well, most textbooks say language is a mechanism for expressing thought. But language is thought. Thought is information given form. The form is language.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It strikes me that what the attack on the World Trade Center stole from us is our willingness to be complex. Or what the attack on the World Trade Center revealed to us is that we were never complex. We might want to believe that we can condemn and we can love and we can condemn because we love our country, but that's too complex.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|It was normal for it to rain, but in October- who could forget the rains of October?- now this disturbingly silent rain was falling. That was so nebulous that it was pretty; that, if it had not been wet, no one would have believed it was raining; that was so slow that it was possible to follow its fall with one's eyes. That which villagers called 'the rains of October' was the accumulation of the serenity of such a life. Eyes almost broke into tears on looking at the sun subdividing itself, at the end of the afternoon, in each drop of that snail's-pace precipitation, as if the great star had dissolved each day an infinitesimal bit more.
Mike Hawkins|In my dreams I am not crippled. In my dreams, I dance.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|For that is the curious quality of the discotheque after you have gone there a long time: in the midst of all the lights, and music, the bodies, the dancing, the drugs, you are stiller than still within, and though you go through the motions of dancing you are thinking a thousand disparate things. You find yourself listening to the lyrics, and you wonder what these people around you are doing. They seemed crazed to you. You stand there on a floor moving your hips, wondering if there is such a thing as love, and conscious for the very first time that it is three-twenty-five and the night only half-over. You put the popper to your nostril, you put a hand out to lightly touch the sweaty, rigid stomach of the man dancing next to you, your own chest is streaming with sweat in that hot room, and you are thinking, as grave as a judge: What will I do with my life? What can any man do with his life? And you finally don’t know where to rest your eyes. You don’t know where to look, as you dance. You have been expelled from the communion of the saints.
Gini Koch|I dug through my purse for the Glock. There is was, and I realized I'd never set the safety. I decided to consider this a great example of forethought rather than my being the stupidest gun handler on the planet.
Anya Allyn, Paper Dolls|Anything you can think of, anything you can imagine- is real.. somewhere. We dream of such things, here on earth, never realizing in our dream-state our minds are peering into other worlds.
Kim Pape|Don’t try to play a game You’re breaking the rules of love You can’t keep on lying Enough is enough ……………………What happened to eternity? What happened to your love with me? You kept on lying It’s a tragedy,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Camryn Rhys, Chasing a Wolf|Kids these days," Dragos said quietly. "They grow up so fast."	"Supersonic fast," Pia said just as quietly.
N'Zuri Za Austin|As a man thinketh so is he? The faith of a mustard seed? I planted these words in my thoughts, and still, mind wound up lost, between my dreams and reality.
Nina Guilbeau|Learn to be brave and adventurous because you’ll never discover your place in the world, if you’re too afraid to leave your own backyard.
Victor LaValle, The Devil in Silver|Why should one think thay are okay mentally? Making a study of ourselves is the best solution to our society.Our minds are so complex and if we don't have an avenue to explore, we just cough it up as it is just who I am...However, it is just half of who you are, we need to find our other half and it is not in the form of another person."-Serena Jade
Ai Yazawa|It takes a lot of strength to hold onto and care for the things we love, so why is it that god seems to have made humans unable to conjure up that degree of power and love?
Paige Rawl, Positive: A Memoir|If we can let ourselves, all of us, be united by the simple fact of having a difference, we will be bigger and stronger and more powerful than anyone who might otherwise make us feel small.
IBL Infotech|A diligent hawker today, can be a great tycoon tomorrow
Jaime Allison Parker, The Delta Highway|He was a stranger here. The people who might remember him would certainly not welcome him. His old gang had cast him out, along with all of the former friends and parents. The suburban landscape of hypocrisy, so hated in his youth, beheld again and with it, old feelings that motivated him through life more than he would ever admit. Every turning point in life, already decided by all the events here
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Come with me, ladies and gentlemen who are in any wise weary of London: come with me: and those that tire at all of the world we know: for we have new worlds here.
Siddhant R. Shinde|Every day is a part of life, so make it special.
Gemma Malley, The Resistance|Reality wasn't as important as people made it out to be; to Jude it was simply the physical state in which he found himself, an environment he had limited control over.
Wole Soyinka|Humor has to surprise us; otherwise, it isn't funny. It's a death knell for a writer to be labeled a humorist because then it's not a surprise anymore.
Tom Clancy, The Cardinal of the Kremlin|It is within science itself, and not in some prior philosophy, that reality is to be identified and described.
Charles Baudelaire|Nature is a word, an allegory, a mold, an embossing, if you will.
Scott Stabile|Yes, I'm a fan of living some part of each day with my head in the clouds.
Henry Giroux|Future public education will require involvement and collaboration among various local, civic, private and nonprofit entities, a concept I like to refer to as 'community entrepreneurship.'
Brian D. McLaren|The cable news channels have cleverly seized on the creed of objectivity and redefined it in populist terms. They attack news based on verifiable fact for its liberal bias, for, in essence, failing to be objective, and promise a return to “genuine” objectivity.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|WE CONTINUE TO DWELL AMONG THE LIVING AFTER WE DIE. WE LIVE ON IN MINDS, HEARTS AND LIPS.
Harsh Malik|Be ready for huge failures to achieve huge success, Be receptive for criticism. It can be constructive too.!
P.C. Cast, Burned|Been dead, done that got a fricken t-shirt
C.G. Jung, The Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious|The current climate change is an outer mirror of our inner consciousness. It is an outer mirror of our attitude to try to conquer nature, instead of being in harmony with nature, but in the end the part can never conquer the whole.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey|I was obsessed. I couldn't stop myself. It was not healthy, but I couldn't stop. I didn't feel like there was anything else in my life to stop for. We all have periods of our life when we're trapped doing something we hate and we develop habits that have nothing to do with our long-term goals to fill the downtime, right? I hope you identify with that idea. It's the only way I can explain becoming so emotionally invested in a video game that I would get in my car and drive around town sobbing if my internet went out.
Brad Gilbert|Philosophy is a kind of journey, ever learning yet never arriving at the ideal perfection of truth.
Dean M. Schroeder|Sometimes I like to think I live with ghosts. Not from my past, but wispy bits of ideas and books that hang in the air like silk puppets. Sometimes I think I see my own ideas, floating around too, but they usually don't last that long. They're more like mayflies; they're born, big and gleaming, and then they fly around, buzzing like crazy before they fall to the floor, dead, about twenty four hours later.
T.A|One life, One story. Make it a fairytale.
James Salter, All That Is|In these days of physical fitness, hair dye, and plastic surgery, you can live much of your life without feeling or even looking old. But then one day, your knee goes, or your shoulder, or your back, or your hip. Your hot flashes come to an end; things droop. Spots appear. Your cleavage looks like a peach pit. If your elbows faced forward, you would kill yourself. You’re two inches shorter than you used to be. You’re ten pounds fatter and you cannot lose a pound of it to save your soul. Your hands don’t work as well as they once did and you can’t open bottles, jars, wrappers, and especially those gadgets that are encased tightly in what seems to be molded Mylar. If you were stranded on a desert island and your food were sealed in plastic packaging, you would starve to death. You take so many pills in the morning you don’t have room for breakfast.You lose close friends and discover one of the worst truths of old age: they’re irreplaceable. People who run four miles a day and eat only nuts and berries drop dead. People who drink a quart of whiskey and smoke two packs of cigarettes a day drop dead. You are suddenly in a lottery, the ultimate game of chance, and someday your luck will run out. Everybody dies. There’s nothing you can do about it. Whether or not you eat six almonds a day. Whether or not you believe in God.
Natalie Goldberg, Old Friend from Far Away: The Practice of Writing Memoir|The things that make you a functional citizen in society - manners, discretion, cordiality - don't necessarily make you a good writer. Writing needs raw truth, wants your suffering and darkness on the table, revels in a cutting mind that takes no prisoners...
David Arnold|A pall fell over the room. A black shroud of disease and deathbeds and all the worst things from all the worst places. This mutant world, a tragic portmanteau, the unnatural marriage of two roots as different as could be. 'And do you, Ability take Vitriol to be your lawfully wedded suffix?' I wanted to scream objections to the unholy matrimony, but nothing came out. My mouth was clammy and dry, full of sand. Dr. Wilson smiled on, rambling about the benefits of Abilitol while my father nodded like a toy bobblehead immune to the deepening shadow in the room. As they spoke, I caught my mother's eye. I could tell by her face that she felt the deepening shadow too.Neither of us smiled.Neither of us spoke.We felt the shadow together.
Ross Mathews|Hold puppies, kittens, and babies anytime you get the chance.
Alexa Chung|Don't contour with blush - that's so eighties. It was an amazing trend then, but it's not hot now. Instead, go for a neutral contour color that's one or two shades deeper than your skin tone.
Skye High, From Darkness To Diva|It’s never too late to find that one person who can change you, for a reason, a season or a lifetime.
Paul Bradley Smith|Forgiveness is brave, sets us free from darkness, and allows light to shine the sweet fragrance of life into our souls
Leila Rasheed, Diamonds and Deceit|Life isn't always about fireworks. Your fireworks will come, Sarah. And they'll fizzle out just as fast. Life's an experience, not a destination. All of us have the same destination, but not one of us has an identical experience. You'll find someone who will be there when the fireworks fizzle out and the sky turns black and love you just the same. That’s the one to hold onto.
Michael  Grant, Fear|There's a lot youdon't know, Sam. There's a lot I don't tell you. I know who I am. I know what I do, and what I am to this place.I know what I am to you, and how much you depend on me.You may be the symbol, and you may be the one everyone turns to when something goes bad, and you're the big badass, but I'm the guy doing the day-in, day-out work of running things. So I don't make this about me.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|You can’t tell half a tale, Poison. You can’t write half a book. Whatever you choose to do next will completely change the aspect of what has gone before. if you decided to suddenly kill your friends as they slept –“ Why would I do that?” Poison interjected.Bear with me,” Fleet said patiently. “If you did, then the tale would take on a whole new light. Instead of being the journey of Poison from Gull to save her sister, it would be the terrible story of how a young girl became a cold-blooded killer. They way it would be written would be different. Do you see? Or you might die right now, and it would turn out that it wasn’t your tale all along it was Bram’s or Peppercorn’s, and you were just one of the sideline characters. The whole story has to be known before it can be recorded; otherwise it might suddenly change. That’s the beauty, Poison. You never know what’s going to happen next. When the tale is ended, then the writing will be visible to your eyes; until then it is unwritten.
Mercedes Lackey, Brightly Burning|There’s no such thing as `one, true way’; the only answers worth having are the ones you find for yourself; leave the world better than you found it. Love, freedom, and the chance to do some good — they’re the things worth living and dying for, and if you aren’t willing to die for the things worth living for, you might as well turn in your membership in the human race.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika|All truly historical peoples have an idea they must realize, and when they have sufficiently exploited it at home, they export it, in a certain way, by war; they make it tour the world.
Nikesh Shukla, Coconut Unlimited|I was proud to be brown in my own way. Well, I was at school; at school I was brown about the funky stuff that came with being vegetarian, like being really arrogant about it, declaring proudly to a room full of beefeaters when Mad Cow disease initially broke that it was 'Vishnu's way of telling y'all to stop eating and start worshipping'.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|If there ever was someone who had a control over you, someone who could cause you the greatest pain, someone who could ignore your most necessary requirements and someone for whom forgiveness were truly difficult to render, that person is none other than YOU.
Angela Carter, Angela Carter's Book of Fairy Tales|Swahili storytellers believe that women are incorrigibly wicked, diabolically cunning and sexually insatiable; I hope this is true, for the sake of the women.
G.K. Chesterton|She doesn't acknowledge Tucker, and there's no thank you for the cigarettes. She says a person shows their gratitude by action, not by words. So I guess that means she thanks me by smoking every cigarette in every pack.
Nisargadatta Maharaj|Absolute perfection is here and now, not in some future, near or far.The secret is in action - here and now.It is your behavior that blinds you to yourself.Disregard whatever you think yourself to be and act as if you were absolutely perfect- whatever your idea of perfection may be.All you need is courage.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|All achievements begin with the simple cognitive faculties known as perception and imagination. Expand your perception. Expand your imagination. Be aware of your inner strength. Realize yourself. Realize your abilities. Be sincere to nobody else, but yourself. Keep walking on the path of bravery. Keep walking on the path of your passion. Keep walking, and do not stop until you reach your goal. And remember, there will always be another goal to be achieved. So, have pleasure from the pursuit.
Marion D. Hanks, The Gift of Self|Do you know that when one who has influence with youth- be he teacher, leader or parent- seriously weakens the foundations upon which a young person has built, by faith-destroying challenges the youngster is not yet equipped to meet, he fashions a disciple who has been effectively cut loose from fundamentals at a time when he needs most to rely on them? The challenger may himself be a moral, educated, well-meaning person of integrity, doing what he does in the name of honesty and truth. His own character may have been formed in an atmosphere of faith and conviction which, through his influence, he may now help to destroy in his young follower. "Disenchanted" himself in his mature years, he turns his powers on an immature mind and leaves it ready prey for nostrums and superstitions and behavior he himself would disdain.
Gabor Maté, In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction|Sometimes he missed the numbed, walking-underwater feeling feel that the cocktail of narcotics used to give him. But if a situation went down in here, he was going to need all of his wits to get out of it.
Gugu Mona|Never mistaken humility for foolishness, nor pride for power.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Don't you love Jesus?' Well, I thought an' I thought an' finally I says, 'No, I don't know nobody name' Jesus. I know a bunch of stories, but I only love people.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
Alyssa Goodnight, Just Say Yes|When I sealed the deal on Douglass, I thought I had everything I wanted. But I was wrong. You’re everything thing I want. Everything I need.
Barbara Kruger|Through no divine design or cosmic plan, we have inherited the mantle of life's caretaker on the earth, the only home we have ever known.
Jack Keane|I totally disagree with the premise that al Qaeda is on the path to defeat. Quite the contrary, al Qaeda has deliberately decentralized its operations - not because of the relentless attacks we have had on its national leadership in Pakistan, but because its strategic objective is to dominate and control Muslim countries in the region.
Djuna Barnes, Nightwood|I have been loved," she said, "by something strange, and it has forgotten me.
Rue, An Average Curse|The only thing you must do, flesh-child, is die. The rest is but a trick of light in the foam on the waves.
Moïra Fowley-Doyle|I think the we all drown, in one way or another.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|Is that a stake, Bones, or are you just happy with my new dress?”“In this case, it’s a stake. You could always feel around for something more, though. See what comes up.
Michael Gove|It is very important for a priest, in the parish itself, to see how people trust in him and to experience, in addition to their trust, also their generosity in pardoning his weaknesses.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|But for centuries, since the capitulation of Judah, the Jewish peoples had been almost continuously under foreign control. So, where was Yahweh all this time while his people suffered...? Far from ever questioning the very being of such an inept deity, the conclusion was invariably reached – likely promoted by religious authorities living privileged lifestyles – that the people had sinned, had worshipped other gods, had somehow failed their side of the bargain.
Rollo May|The following terms all mean one and the same thing: God, goodness, mental health, truth, decency, happiness, freedom, reality, peace, love, sensibleness.
Fidelis O. Mkparu|Never ask me to reach for the moon when all I want is to hold your hand." -- Fidelis O Mkparu, author of 'Love's Affliction
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|Saul is as different from Simon Wakefield as it's possible to get, I find myself thinking. And Edward Monkford is utterly different from both of them. It seems incredible that Emma could have had relationships with all three men. Where Simon's eager to please, but also touchy and insecure, and Edward's calm and super-confident, Saul is pushy and brash and loud. He also has a habit of saying 'Yeah?' aggressively at the end of his sentences, as if trying to force me to agree with him.
Alice Steinbach, Without Reservations: The Travels of an Independent Woman|It is one of the strongest bonds, I think, that can spring up between people: sharing a passion for certain books and their authors.
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|We used to talk and smile seven days ago when I was wearing a suit. Now I'm dressed in a beard and smell of dog shit I don’t even get eye contact. I ask her how her week is going, and she looks to her friend behind the counter as if to say: I think this creep is hitting on me. Shall we call the police?
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|I don't stop when I am tired, I stop when I am done
Gail Simone, Wonder Woman, Vol. 3: The Circle|If loss makes you doubt your belief in justice, then you never truly believed in justice at all.
John Locke, Second Treatise of Government|His kisses tapped into deep mines of memory, and the years that had separated us fell away as if they were nothing.
Martin Jacques|At the age of nine, I could cross the length of Glasgow on a succession of buses, wearing regulation garter-topped stockings and compulsory cap and - if I'd done well enough to earn the honour in last week's test - with a First World War medal on a striped ribbon pinned to my brown blazer. I must have looked like a chocolate soldier.
Lewis Carroll|Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.
Daniel H. Wilson|I am critical of modernity giving science and technology a blank check as if it were the fountain of all truth. That is not true. And I think I may have introduced a word which has now caught on quite a bit, scientism. Science is good. It simply reports a discovery.
Patricia Briggs, Raven's Strike|My old man's a white old manAnd my old mother's black.If ever I cursed my white old manI take my curses back.If ever I cursed my black old motherAnd wished she were in hell,I'm sorry for that evil wishAnd now i wish her wellMy old man died in a fine big houseMy Ma died in a shack.I wonder were i'm going to die,Being neither white nor black?
Jamie Le Fay, Beginnings|Like the bronze statue of the Angel of the Waters, those who pursue perfection find themselves paralysed by the possibility of flaw, fault or failure.
Parker Young|I'm a sarcastic person, and people don't get my humor sometimes.
Dean Ornish|Biotech 1.0 is slow, like a lab science, and Version 2.0 is more like computational sciences.
Rachel L. Schade, Forsaken Kingdom|And when hope returns to us, it will be with a passion and power to match every ounce of this crushing despair and pain, every fiery shred of determination that carried us when hope failed. It will claim us with a courage that will make the goddess herself quake and doubt herself.
Eve S. Nicholson, The Tripartite Soul|It would be an existence rife with difficulties... but of a pleasurable kind, difficulties they could take pride in, possess, value, as one would a family heirloom.
Edmund Wilson, The American Jitters: A Year of the Slump|One who criticises capitalism while approving of immigration, of which the working class is its first victim, would do better to remain silent. One who criticises immigration while remaining silent regarding capitalism should do the same.
Burt Rutan|In essence, String Theory describes space and time, matter and energy, gravity and light, indeed all of God's creation... as music.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The ugly and the stupid have the best of it in this world... They live as we all should live—undisturbed, indifferent, and without disquiet... Your rank and wealth, Harry; my brains, such as they are—my art, whatever it may be worth; Dorian Gray's good looks—we shall all suffer for what the gods have given us, suffer terribly.
Marty Rubin|Movement is the freedom of the body; stillness, of the mind.
Choire Sicha, Very Recent History: An Entirely Factual Account of a Year (c. AD 2009) in a Large City|Sometimes work was just what you clocked into while you were falling in love. Sometimes sex was just something you did while you weren't at work. Drugs were something you did sometimes when you couldn't deal with one of those things, or with yourself. The City was so expensive and so grueling sometimes that it was easy to be unsure why you were there. Many were there to make money, money that could largely only be made there, in the long spiny arms of industries that could never grow anywhere else or anywhere smaller. Some people just liked it, its loudness and crowdedness and surprises. Some started there for a reason and then couldn't imagine being anywhere else, but maybe lost track of that reason along the way. Some people had a plan. Some were just chancing it. Either way the months flew by, and over the years you came up with something or you came up with not much.
Stephanie Bond, Whole Lotta Trouble|Everything about the man spoke of virility--his quick reaction, his calm control now that danger had passed. And she'd never seen a man wield a gun in real life--it was kind of a turn-on to know that he'd protected her. Of course he had protected everyone, but he _had_ sort of singled her out by heaving her to the floor.
Barbara W. Tuchman, Practicing History:  Selected Essays|I will only mention that the independent power of words to affect the writing of history is a thing to be watched out for. They have an almost frightening autonomous power to produce in the mind of the reader an image or idea that was not in the mind of the writer. Obviously they operate this way in all forms of writing, but history is particularly sensitive because one has a duty to be accurate, and careless use of words can leave a false impression one had not intended.
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|Taking away men's weapons will be not bring peace. They'll fight with sticks and stones, and tooth and nail. Mapidéré's is a peace supported only by fear, as secure as a nest built on a rotten branch.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|every person must be good, but every person need to be an evil
Jon Bon Jovi|Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don’t, who will?
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|But who can remember pain, once it’s over? All that remains of it is a shadow, not in the mind even, in the flesh. Pain marks you, but too deep to see. Out of sight, out of mind.
Nancy Pearcey|Our Party conferred the honourable title, 'The Heroic Working Class of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il,' on our working class that supported the great leaders' ideas and leadership with loyalty.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|They had paused before the table on which the bride’s jewel were displayed, and Lily’s heart gave an envious throb as she caught the refraction of light from their surfaces – the milky gleam of perfectly matched pearls, the flash of rubies relieved against contrasting velvet, the intense blue rays of sapphires kindled into light by surrounding diamonds: all these precious tints enhanced and deepened by the varied art of their setting. The glow of the stones warmed Lily’s veins like wine. More completely than any other expression of wealth they symbolized the life she longed to lead, the life of fastidious aloofness and refinement in which every detail should have the finish of a jewel, and the whole form a harmonious setting to her own jewel-like rareness.
Moses|God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
Peter Cole|Freud could never be certain, he said,in view of   his wide and early reading,whether what seemed like a new creationmight not be the work insteadof   hidden channels of memory leadingback to the notions of others absorbed,coming now anew into formhe’d almost known within him was growing.He called it (the ghost of a) cryptomnesia.So we own and owe what we know.
Günter Grass, The Tin Drum|Gregor was a real drinker..he didn't drink because he was sad..(or) cheerful. He drank because he was a thorough man, who like to get to the bottom of things, of bottles as well as everything else.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|At the U of U, we were inventing a new language. One of us would contribute a verb, another a noun, then a third person would figure out ways to string the elements together to actually say something.
Hugh Jackman|I started traveling by myself as early as 5 to see my dad. I'd go to Toronto or Los Angeles, depending on what show he was doing, but most often New York, and we would hang out, and he'd take me to museums and Broadway plays. The ones that had the biggest impact on me were the George C. Wolfe productions.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A face can have a thousand wrinkles, but the soul have none.
Peter Matthiessen, Nine-Headed Dragon River: Zen Journals, 1969-1982|Zen has been called the "religion before religion," which is to say that anyone can practice, including those committed to another faith. And that phrase evokes that natural religion of our early childhood, when heaven and a splendorous earth were one. But soon the child's clear eye is clouded over by ideas and opinions, preconceptions and abstractions. Not until years later does an instinct come that a vital sense of mystery has been withdrawn. The sun glints through the pines, and the heart is pierced in a moment of beauty and strange pain, like a memory of paradise. After that day, at the bottom of each breath, there is a hollow place filled with longing. We become seekers without knowing that we seek, and at first, we long for something "greater" than ourselves, something apart and far away. It is not a return to childhood, for childhood is not a truly enlightened state. Yet to seek one's own true nature is "a way to lead you to your long lost home." To practice Zen means to realize one's existence moment after moment, rather than letting life unravel in regret of the past and daydreaming of the future. To "rest in the present" is a state of magical simplicity...out of the emptiness can come a true insight into our natural harmony all creation. To travel this path, one need not be a 'Zen Buddhist', which is only another idea to be discarded like 'enlightenment,' and like 'the Buddha' and like 'God.
R.J. Keller, Waiting For Spring|There was never meant to be death, he told them, and now there would be no more death. There was never meant to be war, and now there would be no more war. There was only meant to be peace, and now there would only be peace. There was never meant to be Hell. There was only meant to be Heaven. Now there was no Hell, there was only Heaven. There was only meant to be God. There was never meant to be Satan. Now there was only God, there was no Satan. Hell had to end. It was now on fire and would burn forever. Heaven had now no opposite. It was unopposed. It shone in first light and first colours. The Father's pattern had been broken by Satan, he told them, but now it had been restored. His tapestry had been torn, but now it had been repaired. There was only meant to be love, he reminded them. There was never meant to be hate. Now there was only love. There was no hate. There was only meant to be good. There was never meant to be evil. Now there was only good. There was no evil. The cosmic wheel turned in unhindered harmony, perpetual perfection.
Jimmy Carter|For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong whose life is in the right.
Nikki Rowe|Some look at life, for their entire life, before they actually see.
Steven Magee|At the age of 45, most days in Tucson were spent feeling like I was on the summit of Mauna Kea, as I was exhibiting debilitating health symptoms that corresponded to what I saw at very high altitude. I was later to find that I had erratic low blood oxygen levels after almost a decade of high altitude work.
Connie Podesta|Sometimes in our attempt to give children what we did not have, we forget to give our children what we did have.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Close! stand close to me, Starbuck; let me look into a human eye; it is better than to gaze into sea or sky; better than to gaze upon God. By the green land; by the bright hearthstone! this is the magic glass, man; I see my wife and my child in thine eye. No, no; stay on board, on board!- lower not when I do; when branded Ahab gives chase to Moby Dick. That hazard shall not be thine. No, no! not with the far away home I see in that eye!
Andrew Luck|One thing my mom used to tell me was to look to the other side, and know that my present is not going to be everything. So if I'm having a bad day, she goes, 'Just imagine tomorrow. This is going to be over. This is going to be done with.'
Andrea Cremer, The Turncoat's Gambit|I think I've lived quite the unorthodox life so far, but you probably feels that way about yourself too. So much goes untold in our lives.
Stormie Omartian, The Prayer That Changes Everything: The Hidden Power of Praising God|When you live by God’s Word, your life works. When you live without God’s Word, life doesn’t work. God’s Word builds you up, feeds your soul, and gives you strength, direction, guidance, hope, encouragement, and faith. Remember that He gave you His Word so that you would know Him and the way He wants You to live.
Louise Erdrich|I chose not to put a wig on. The reason why I chose to come out with the cancer thing is because there's somebody out there who can see that all sickness isn't unto death. That it's something you can't change at that point in time, so you just got to go with it. Don't be ashamed. Don't be ashamed of looking at yourself.
Charles R. Swindoll|Attitude is more important than facts. It is more important than the past, than education, money, circumstances, than failures and success, than what other people think, say, or do. It is more important than appearance, ability, or skill. It will make or break a business, a home, a friendship, an organization. The remarkable thing is I have a choice every day of what my attitude will be. I cannot change my past. I cannot change the actions of others. I cannot change the inevitable. The only thing I can change is attitude. Life is ten percent what happens to me and ninety percent how I react to it.
Liane Moriarty|When you divorce someone, you divorce their whole family.
Cory Doctorow, Little Brother|One of the most remarkable of man's characteristics is his capacity for becoming used to conditions of almost any kind, whether good or bad, both in the self and in the environment, and once he has become used to such conditions they seem to him both right and natural. This capacity is a boon when it enables him to adapt himself to conditions which are desirable, but it may prove a great danger when the conditions are undesirable. When his sensory appreciation is untrustworthy, it is possible for him to become so familiar with seriously harmful conditions of misuse of himself that these malconditions will feel right and comfortable.
Yoko Ono|Crimes against children are the most heinous crime. That, for me, would be a reason for capital punishment because children are innocent and need the guidance of an adult society.
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|There is something magical and transformational about saying “yes” to God. When you take His hand, step out of that boat (your ordinary, comfortable life), and be brave. Instead of spending your lifetime living in fear and playing it safe, you boldly walk in obedience. God makes you brave.
Doug Worgul, Thin Blue Smoke|Love is hard. We try to love one another. But generally the quality and quantity of our love for one another is found wanting, because we find it difficult, if not impossible, to look beyond those things that are ugly and unlovable in those we try to love. Even though the things that are ugly and unlovable in ourselves are the very things that cause us to cry out for love.
Mark Twain|Dehumanization, although a concrete historical fact, is not a given destiny but the result of an unjust order that engenders violence in the oppressors, which in turn dehumanizes the oppressed
Louise Rennison, Away Laughing on a Fast Camel|Looking out of the window at the infinite sky, I prayed out, 'Dear Baby Jesus, I am sorry for my sin, even though I do not know what they are, which seems a bit unfair if it is going to be held against me. But that is your way. And I am not questioning your wisdomosity. In future, however, would it be possible for my life to be not so entirely crap? Thank you.
Heather Demetrios, I'll Meet You There|Sometimes it was hard to breathe, knowing how small my world could be. Maybe in San Francisco it wouldn't feel like the universe was conspiring to keep me in a bubble.
Hermann Hesse, Wandering|I feel life trembling within me, in my tongue, on the soles of my feet, in my desire or my suffering, I want my soul to be a wandering thing, able to move back into a hundred forms, I want to dream myself into priests and wanderers, female cooks and murderers, children and animals, and, more than anything else, birds and trees; that is necessary, I want it, I need it so I can go on living, and if sometime I were to lose these possibilities and be caught in so-called reality, then I would rather die.
Benjamin Franklin|Whereas modern cynicism brought despair about the ability of the human species to realize laudable ideals, postmodern cynicism doesn't — not because it's optimistic, but because it can't take ideals seriously in the first place. The prevailing attitude is Absurdism. A postmodern magazine may be irreverent, but not bitterly irreverent, for it's not purposefully irreverent; its aim is indiscriminate, because everyone is equally ridiculous. And anyway, there's no moral basis for passing judgment. Just sit back and enjoy the show.
Elana K. Arnold, What Girls Are Made Of|Maybe they're not "real" orgasms, since they're always when I'm alone. It's like that question: If a tree falls in the woods and no one hears it, does it make a sound? Probably solo orgasms don't count if a boy isn't there to witness them. To cause them.
Mohammed Hanif, A Case of Exploding Mangoes|It's nice to be able to do things for other people, isn't it?That's why it's fun to talk in the third person sometimes.
Tina J. Richardson, I didnt mean it that way|I can't speak anymore, I open my mouth but nothing comes out. So many things to say. I wonder if you really want to hear it anyway?Instead, I leave my heavy mind exploding with unfinished thoughts.
George Orwell, The Road to Wigan Pier|When you talk to a sympathetic mind about technology, gender, age, and experience disappear completely, and soon you’re one-on-one with the topic at hand.
Marilynne Robinson, Absence of Mind: The Dispelling of Inwardness from the Modern Myth of the Self|Another factor that seems to me to be equally important is the great myth and rationale of 'the modern,' that it places dynamite at the foot of old error and levels its shrines and monuments. Contempt for the past surely accounts for a consistent failure to consult it.
Paul Walker, The Fast and the Furious 2|This has been the century of strangers, brown, yellow and white. This has been the century of the great immigrant experiment. It is only this late in the day that you can walk into a playground and find Isaac Leung by the fish pond, Danny Rahman in the football cage, Quang O’Rourke bouncing a basketball, and Irie Jones humming a tune. Children with first and last names on a direct collision course. Names that secrete within them mass exodus, cramped boats and planes, cold arrivals, medical checks. It is only this late in the day, and possibly only in Willesden, that you can find best friends Sita and Sharon, constantly mistaken for each other because Sita is white (her mother liked the name) and Sharon is Pakistani (her mother thought it best — less trouble).
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Let me tell you this: if you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.
Erich Fromm|The moment somebody says "this is very risky" is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
Seanan McGuire, An Artificial Night|I stared at her. "But she drugged us.""That is no longer news, dumbass. Are you going to ask why she drugged you?""Allright," I said, narrowing my eyes. "Why?""Because, dear October, you're the most passively suicidal person I've ever met, and that's saying something. You'll never open your wrists, but you'll run headfirst into hell. You'll have good reasons. You'll have great reasons, even. And a part of you will be praying that you won't come out again.
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|And that's like my world." Annie pointed up to the stars again."Inaccecible.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|The good repent on knowing their sin; the evil become angry when discovered. Ignorance is not the cause of evil, as Plato held; neither is education the answer to the removal of evil. These men had an intellect as well as a will; knowledge as well as intention. Truth can be known and hated; Goodness can be known and crucified. The Hour was approaching, and for the moment the fear of the people deterred the Pharisees. Violence could not be triggered against Him until He would say, 'This is your Hour.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|When you can see your life in retrospect, the romanticism of how good things once were gives way to the reality that positives and negatives comprise every day and every decade. (235)
Fakeer Ishavardas|If a religion asks one to kill another just because he or she follows not this ism, nor agrees with it; then, it's a hell-hole, worse than a prison. Run away, and far from it. As though your butt is on fire. And before you, yourself are imprisoned.
Proverbs 18:17|There’s a Russian proverb: To taste the ocean, all you need is one gulp.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|You may have good skills and better knowledge, but it is your attitude that will bring people closer to you.
Justin Buzzard, The Big Story: How the Bible Makes Sense out of Life|Samuel understood at last why this being hated men and women so much: he hated them because they were so like himself, because the worst of the was mirrored in them. He was the source of all that was bad in men and women, but he had none of the greatness, and none of the grace, of which human beings were capable, so that by only by corrupting them was his own pain diminished, and thus his existence made more tolerable.
Jenna Bush|When people lack teachers, their tendencies are not corrected; when they do not have ritual and moral principles, then their lawlessness is not controlled.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|You are to make your own way prosperous...Even God cannot do it for you; you will have to do it yourself by doing the right things; taking right decisions, talking right, thinking right, being at the right place with the right-kind of people and by reading the right materials.
Karen Armstrong|Think of this – that the writer wrote alone, and the reader read alone, and they were alone with each other. True, the writer may have been alone also with Spenser's golden apples in the Faerie Queene, Proserpina's garden, glistening bright among the place's ashes and cinders, may have seen in his mind's eye, apple of his eye, the golden fruit of the Primavera, may have seen Paradise Lost, in the garden where Eve recalled Pomona and Proserpina. He was alone when he wrote and he was not alone then, all these voices sang, the same words, golden apples, different words in different places, an Irish castle, un unseen cottage, elastic-walled and grey round blind eyes.
X.J. Kennedy, Dark Horses: New Poems|I’d be glad to go out on a limb with thoseWho want nothing beyond what the wind bestows,Were I not bound to roots, dug in deep to bearNever being done grasping for light and air
Emily Foster|Of the small number of things which I have liked and done well, drinking is by far the thing I have done best. Although I have read a lot, I have drunk more. I have written much less than most people who write; but I have drunk more than the majority of the people who drink.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, Balancing Work, Relationships & Life in Three Simple Steps|When we start focusing our energy on the things we love, they come easier and more effortlessly over time.
Ron Paul|Whether voting Republican or Democrat, the result is the same: A corrupt corporate government.
E.M. Bounds|What a study in importunity, in earnestness, in persistence, promoted and propelled under conditions which would have disheartened any but a heroic, constant soul. [Jesus] teaches that an answer to prayer is conditional upon the amount of faith that goes to the petition. To test this, He delays the answer. the superficial pray-er subsides into silence, when thteanswer is delayed. But eh man of prayer hangs on, and on. The Lord recognizes and honors his faith, and gives him a rich and abundant answer to His faith evidencing, importunate prayer.
—William S. Burroughs|Cheat your landlord if you can and must, but do not try to shortchange the Muse. It cannot be done. You can’t fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal.
Al Sharpton|Descriptive grammar is an attempt to give an account of what the current system is for either a society or an individual, whatever you happen to be studying.
Ellen Key|I think there's no problem getting through the House a pathway to legal status. A pathway to citizenship is going to be tougher, but I think it is potentially doable, if we can show the American people that the border is secure.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We live a life bounded by the perception of the self. Existence entails tabulating our personal contact with reality and plumbing the substance of the self. The loftiest task of all is to dream a worthy life and then go live it without fearing the unknown. It is wonderful to live; we must cherish our time by loving other people and adoring nature. We find ourselves through trial and error. We must not allow failure, pain, disappointment, heartache, or sour feelings to daunt us because each of these emotional indexes interprets our dream world intermixing with reality.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Only Agape love makes permanent relationship possible. Without agape every other relationship will be temporary. You cannot experience God's promise of marriage which is permanent; until death do us part without God's material which is agape love, everything else will fail you.
Robert G. Ingersoll, On the Gods and Other Essays|Our ignorance can be divided into problems and mysteries. When we face a problem, we may not know its solution, but we have insight, increasing knowledge, and an inkling of what we are looking for. When we face a mystery, however, we can only stare in wonder and bewilderment, not knowing what an explanation would even look like.
Agatha Christie, A Caribbean Mystery|The truth is, that one doesn't really know anything about anybody. Not even the people who are nearest to you...''Isn't that going a little too far--exaggerating too much?''I don't think it is. When you think of people, it is in the image you have made of them for yourself.
Brenda B. Taylor|Don’t you let nothing stop you from shining the way you supposed to! That be your job, every tick of the clock, just like them stars, until God himself tells you otherwise.
Sunday Adelaja|Most people will actually tell you, traveling to those exotic places is enjoying life, but really they are spending away and whining away their lives.
Maria Robinson, From Birth to One|Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." i love it so much
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|Most people who offer their help do it to make themselves feel better, not us. To be honest, I don't blame them. It's superstition: If you give assistance to the family in need... if you throw salt over your shoulder... if you don't step on the cracks, then maybe you'll be immune. Maybe you'll be able to convince yourself that this could never happen to you.
Matt      Chandler, Creature of the Word: The Jesus-Centered Church|The church is a whore, but she is still my mother. Augustine
Ninon de L'Enclos|When you make his sandwiches, put a sexy or loving note in his lunch box.
Debasish Mridha|True love is unbounded, unmitigated, and lasts forever. It never diminishes with time and distance.
Orson Scott Card, Earth Unaware|As a child of privilege, no one is your friend. They will claim to be your friends, they will laugh at your jokes and invite you to their parties, but they do not like you. They like your power, they like what you will become someday.
V.S. Ramachandran, The Tell–Tale Brain – A Neuroscientist`s Quest for What Makes Us Human|The human soul is heavy, clumsy, held in the mud of the flesh. Its perceptions are still coarse and brutish. It can divine nothing clearly, nothing with certainty.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|I dream of flight, not to be as the angels are, but to rise above the smallness of it all. The smallnesss that I am. Against the daily death the iconography of wings.
Anthony Robbins|When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|The sunlight claps the earth, and the moonbeams kiss the sea: what are all these kissings worth, if thou kiss not me?
Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East|Ali, Son of the Father of the SeekerAli said: 'None may arrive at the Truth until he is able to think that the Path itself may be wrong. This is because those who can only believe that it must be right are not believers, but people who are incapable of thinking otherwise than they already think. Such people are not men at all. Like animals they must follow certain beliefs, and during this time they cannot learn. Because they cannot be called “humanity”, they cannot arrive at the Truth.
Megan Duke, Three Sixty: A Companion to Small Circles|I think I knew from the first moment I met her, she would be the one to replace me. I didn't think it would happen that fast, but it did.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Truly, nothing in the world has so occupied my thoughts as this I, this riddle, the fact I am alive, that I am separated and isolated from all others, that I am Siddhartha! And about nothing in the world do I know less about than me, about Siddhartha!
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|Plus he was naturally lucky at cards. As Mam had always said, lucky at cards, or lucky at life. One or the other. Not both.
Leland Cheuk, The Misadventures of Sulliver Pong|What about my patterns of denial, you ask? Well, you will soon read that once I found myself in repose, in Bordirtoun, for an extended period, certain truths about my character began to assert themselves. Truths I had long ignored, and soon, I would find myself deeper, embedded. You will find that I am similarly skilled at this Pong-ian art of denial. After all, I was the one who came halfway around the world, assuming that my father was telling the truth, knowing full well that he was a world-class liar and cheat.
Joss Stirling, Finding Sky|Tracy had never been so conscious of the sky above the earth, the dangerous clouds that gathered there, the way humans lived beneath such grandeur and threat every moment of their lives.
Simon Paxton, Man Plan: How to Win at Life, Love, Work and Play by Australia's Only Japanese-speaking Kung Fu Black Belt Magician!|For me personally, there is one motivating factor more powerful than any other: one day we will all die. Why would you not want to live a full and fun life and be everything that you can be?
Steve Maraboli|The longer you chase the wrong person, the further you travel in the wrong direction. You're better than that.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.
Helen Simpson, Cockfosters|there are between life partners sliding layers of history, tectonic plates of it shifting over the decades together.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Ice is most welcome in a cold drink on a hot day.But in the heart of winter, you want a warm hot mug with your favorite soothing brew to keep the chill away.When you don’t have anything warm at hand, even a memory can be a small substitute.Remember a searing look of intimate eyes.Receive the inner fire.
Lionel Suggs|She is her own definition of beauty. She is pure. She is majestic; mystical even. Her smile is always rejuvenating. Her presence is always illuminating. She is magic in thought, and magic in sight. She takes away your free will, and forces you smile. She takes away your fatigue, and only gives you strength. She always rouses my soul and makes me stretch for more. I lose no words for her. I lose no heartbeats for her. I love her. I adore her. And I won’t dance around her – I’ll embrace her. Aceria, you are a magnificent friend, and the long awaited dream come true.
George Whitefield|My father is an amazing person. While he was a huge star, he never carried his stardom home and always remained simple and just our father at home. I have four siblings, and we were all very grounded. We lived a very simple life: would go in an auto rickshaw to school, played with normal boys.
Dale Carnegie|The role we can play every day, if we try, is to take the whole experience of every day and shape it to involve American man. It is our job to interest him in his community and to give his ideas the excitement they should have.
Jane Austen|Remember, the burden of sorrow is doubled when it is borne alone.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|There is no perfect first experience of anything. There is only our ability to find a shard of perfection in the wildly imperfect situations we inevitably find ourselves in [Cram, Cusi, "‘One Life to Live’ and 14 Beautiful Boys to Kiss," Cafe, January 14, 2015].
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Religion is like language or dress. We gravitate toward the practices with which we were raised. In the end, though, we are all proclaiming the same thing. That life has meaning. That we are grateful for the power that created us.
Dave Barry|If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would have made them cute and furry. 
Walter Truett Anderson|Rubashov had always believed that he knew himself rather well. Being without moral prejudices, he had no illusions about the phenomenon called the "first person singular" and had taken for granted, without particular emotion, that this phenomenon was endowed with certain impulses which people are generally reluctant to admit. Now, when he stood with his forehead against the window or suddenly stopped on the third black tile, he made unexpected discoveries. He found that those processes wrongly known as monologues are really dialogues of a special kind - dialogues in which one partner remains silent while the other, against all grammatical rules, addresses him as "I" instead of "you," in order to creep into his confidence and to fathom his intentions, but the silent partner just remains silent, shuns observation, and even refuses to be localized in time and space.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Quarrel? Nonsense; we have not quarrelled. If one is not to get into a rage sometimes, what is the good of being friends?
Eileen Anglin|Archangel Zadkiel, help me to remove, clear and replace old patterns that no longer serve me. And so it is, amen.
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|He might have been encased in a thick glass bubble, so separate did he feel from his three dining companions. It was a sensation with which he was only too familiar, that of walking in a giant sphere of worry, enclosed by it, watching his own terrors roll by, obscuring the outside world.
Lara Biyuts, The Dome|Art for Art’s Sake is for the well fed. The well fed are all the babies in cradles and my kitty along with them, and I am happy if my writings are for my kitty.
François de La Rochefoucauld|Goodness follows goodness, all in God’s time.
Terry a O'Neal|A person who loves you through your idiosyncrasies, despite the tiny inclusions, is a diamond worth keeping.
Taylor Schilling|Inner space is so much more interesting, because outer space is so empty.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Let me explain before another word is written: I have never once asked a cat, "So tell me what's up, Charlie?" and Charlie says, "Jeez Jackson, thanks for asking. A little annoyed by the fluorescent lights, and will you please check out this tiny piece-of-junk pan I have to crap in but, hey, I still got my legs, you know? Can't complain, pal.
James Dobson|'Feminist comedy,' practically an oxymoron, had a couple of good years after WWII. Chalk it up to the forced female autonomy that occurred during wartime, when Rosie the Riveter went to work in the factories, constructing the Allies' war machines while taking charge of the finances, the home, and the children.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|Being with her can prove difficult, but life without her would be unbearable.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|If you want to lead others into a strong future: You need to be keenly aware of how your own inner truths — biases, fears, courage, values and dreams — do or do not impact the daily work of others.
Scott McCloud, Understanding Comics: The Invisible Art|Art, as I see it, is any human activity which doesn’t grow out of either of our species’ two basic instincts: survival and reproduction.
Richard Davenport-Hines, Universal Man: The Lives of John Maynard Keynes|‪#‎Legacy‬Its all by birth;we hardly can change,individual born with own limits & abilities.-13.04.2016
Gregory Sherl, The Future for Curious People|Loving her, and being loved, was the only way I could hold myself together.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Focus on exploring your intrinsic strengths, so as not to loose out on the virtues of life.
Dhani Harrison|I was in the National Academy of Fine Arts and Design, on a scholarship. I was - still am - an artist. They were looking for an actor for 'Take a Giant Step,' and a producer liked my look and asked if I could act. I said, 'Yep!' Then I got into acting more or less just to make money for paints and canvases.
Matthew Crow, In Bloom|Grandma's house had the atmosphere of a Tupperware box left out in the sun. Like a tropical flower, she had to be kept warm and moist at all times, or she would wilt and die.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Fathers, your are the head and strength of the family unit. If you are not in place, there is a weakness in the link.
Joyce Meyer|What makes a child gifted and talented may not always be good grades in school, but a different way of looking at the world and learning.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|What we possess owns us, and we absolutely own nothing.
L. Neil Smith|Rights come from God, not from government.
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|DeLois lived up the block on 142nd Street and never had her hair done, and all the neighbourhood women sucked their teeth as she walked by. Her crispy hair twinkled in the summer sun as her big proud stomach moved her on down the block while I watched, not caring whether or not she was a poem.
Zoë Heller, What Was She Thinking? [Notes on a Scandal]|...what is romance, but a mutual pact of delusion? When the pact ends, there's nothing left.
Auliq-Ice|As hard as we strive, man remains a perfect imperfect being.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we contemplate the miracle of embodied life, we begin to partner with our bodies in a kinder way.
Sawada Tsunayoshi|Whatever happens is for experience, because i am not sure about the 'good' thing.
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|But God caused knowledge to be given to Adam and those with him, so that the kings of chaos and the underworld might not lord it over them." [--Jesus]
Paula Vogel|Art is the writer not having control, but the subject having control of the writer.
Sylvia Townsend Warner, Kingdoms of Elfin|Wealth, if not a mere flash in the pan, compels the wealthy to become wealthier.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|If stupidity were a gift, only a few would have it.
Sunday Adelaja|Change comes from a process of trials and wilderness experiences, problems and difficulties — it’s a process of transition from one quality level to another.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|The sign stopped me-- or rather, this text stopped me. Words are my profession; I seized these and demanded that they explain themselves, that they cease to be ambiguous.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Move slowly and the day of your revenge will come," Tuek said. "Speed is a device of Shaitan. Cool your sorrow–we’ve the diversions for it; three things there are that ease the heart–water, green grass, and the beauty of woman.
Jorge Luis Borges|In Kolkata is a temple where the deity worshipped is Amitabh Bachchan. The daily aarti is performed to the chanting of the Amitabh Chaleesa. And people still ask, “Could our mythological heroes be based on actual people who once lived?
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|Hey!" Sam snapped, ducking the sticky shrapnel. "Keep your snot to yourself."Dev scoffed at that. "Oh, so now you don't want to touch me, huh?" He tsked. "What is it with women? the instant you put a little slime on them, they get squeamish and have no more use for you.
Tiffany Madison|[On Female Attraction to Men in Uniform] That male military persona feeds a subconscious, passive-aggressive female desire to dominate the warrior as he is perceived an iconic example of masculinity (particularly amongst traditionally warlike cultures). The damsel in distress theme always struck me as embodying this: the hapless, innocently beautiful woman unwittingly enraptures the heroic male so completely that he would risk all to submit to her at his own peril, and quite in spite of it.
Thomas Merton, New Seeds of Contemplation|The ever-changing reality in the midst of which we live should awaken us to the possibility of an uninterrupted dialogue with God. By this I do not mean continuous “talk,” or a frivolously conversational form of affective prayer which is sometimes cultivated in convents, but a dialogue of love and of choice. A dialogue of deep wills.
Ellen Pompeo|The music is the message, the message is the music. So that's my little ministry that the Big Man upstairs gave to me - a little ministry called love and happiness.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|He appreciated all beautiful things. As she stood before him poised, scrutinizing every inch of his face, liable to strike him, he thought she was the most incredible thing he had seen in his life. She didn't step away from fear, she walked up to it.
Nikolai Gogol, Dead Souls|..the thing about depression. When I feel it deeply, I don’t want to let it go. Itbecomes a comfort. I want to cloak myself under its heavy weight and breathe it into my lungs. I wantto nurture it, grow it, cultivate it. It’s mine. I want to check out with it, drift asleep wrapped in itsarms and not wake up for a long, long time.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He slumped down in the command seat and shut off the irritating alarm. He sighed again. It seemed to be a wonderful day for Mykl d’Angelo, captain and owner of the ‘tramp’ freighter Pegasus. As wonderful days went on his personal scale, this one was rated one of the best.
William Blake|But to go to school in a summer morn,O! It drives all joy away;Under a cruel eye outworn,The little ones spend the dayIn sighing and dismay.
Morgan Rhodes, Falling Kingdoms|I wouldn't have been sent back to help you," Tristan continued. "I wouldn't have been made an angel if it weren't important that you live, Ivy. I want you to be mine" -Ivy could hear the pain in his voice- "but you're not.""I am!" she cried out loud."We're on different sides of a river," he said, "and it's a river that neither of us can cross. You were meant for somebody else.
Jenna Lindsey, The Traveler|Know this much:regret nothing.Each part of your journey is essential to the whole.The moment you are experiencing is as important as your destination.Ninetah,the Daskiny Healer in The Traveler
Thomas Traherne, Centuries of Meditations|Always remember the primary purpose of your life is living in tune with your energy pattern, find the true expression for the energy and go with the flow!
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Whether you are at play in the fields of the Lord or standing next to home plate squinting at the popping pitcher, that sudden, immediate knowing can also help you envision the outcome.
José Saramago, The Cave|... time is a master of ceremonies who always ends up putting us in our rightful place, we advance, stop, and retreat according to his orders, our mistake lies in imagining that we can catch him out.
Terry Pratchett|And this man, who had sailed round Europe and navigated the Great Northern Route, leaned happily over half a ladleful of thin oatmeal kasha, cooked entirely without fat - just oats and water.
Osyp Nazaruk, Roxelana|This is insane. You realize that, right?” “Only if someone gets hurt.” “Someone always gets hurt, Hayes.” He said nothing as he slid his fingers in between mine, squeezing my hand. The intimacy of the gesture threw me. I had not held a man’s hand since Daniel’s, and Hayes’s felt foreign. Large, smooth, capable; the coolness of an unexpected ring.I shifted in my skirt, legs sticking to the leather cushion. I needed to get out of there, and yet I did not want it to end.
Suzanne Collins|I search his eyes for the slightest sign of anything, fear, remorse, anger. But there's only the same look of amusement that ended our last conversation. It's as if he's speaking the words again. "Oh, my dear Miss Everdeen. I thought we had agreed not to lie to each other."He's right. We did.The point of my arrow shifts upward. I release the string. And President Coin collapses over the side of the balcony and plunges to the ground. Dead.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|From time to time, you may see a girl wearing her black opaque tights as pants. They are, in fact, not.
Leon Eisenberg|Humankind spends so much time admiring and ritualizing the inventions of humankind! And yet humankind is such a tiny part of all there is. -- Nigel S. Hey, Wonderment(Matador, 2012)
Gwen Hayes|And then I met this girl.” He paused, his fingers finding mine in a tight squeeze. “And she made all my dark corners light
Candace Bushnell, Trading Up|When one good thing happened to you, other good things seemed to follow.
Ian Fleming, Casino Royale|My dear boy', Le Chiffre spoke like a father, 'the game of Red Indians is over, quite over. You have stumbled by mischance into a game for grown-ups and you have already found it a painful experience. You are not equipped, my dear boy, to play games with adults and it very foolish of your nanny in London to have sent you out here with your spade and bucket. Very foolish indeed and most unfortunate for you.''But we must stop joking, my dear fellow, although I am sure you would like to follow me in developing this amusing little cautionary tale.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The child asks of the Father whom he knows. Thus, the essence of Christian prayer is not general adoration, but definite, concrete petition. The right way to approach God is to stretch out our hands and ask of One who we know has the heart of a Father.
Trisha Ventker, Internet Dates from Hell|A lot of men tend to want "models"I tell men, unless they look like a model themselves, they can't expect to land one.
Stacy Schiff|Farming with live animals is a 7 day a week, legal form of slavery.
Roumen Bezergianov|If you have assumed any character beyond your strength, you have both demeaned yourself ill in that and quitted one which you might have supported.
George R.R. Martin, Lisa Tuttle|Maris sighed, and put a gentle hand on his arm. "We'll do what we must, Coll. We have no choice." He looked up at her now, looking to her again as the child to the mother; although he knew now that she was as helpless as he, still he hoped. "Why don't we have a choice? I don't understand."Maris sighed. "It's law, Coll. We don't go against tradition here, you know that. We all have duties put upon us. If we had a choice I would keep the wings, I would be a flyer. And you could be a singer. We'd both be proud, and know we were good at what we did. Life will be hard as a land-bound. I want the wings so much. I've had them, and it doesn't seem right that they should be taken from me, butmaybe—maybe the tightness in it is something I just don't see. People wiser than we decided that thingsshould be the way they are, and maybe, maybe I'm just being a child about it, wanting everything my own way.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|I went back to my room and spent all night contemplating whether it was possible in life not to be constantly let down. If it could ever be worth pinning your happiness to another person, when all other people ever seemed to do was disappear.
James K. Morrow|Luck ever attends the bold and constructive thinker: the apple, for instance, fell from the tree precisely when Newton's mind was groping after the law of gravity, and as Diva stepped into her grocer's to begin her morning's shopping (for she had been occupied with roses ever since breakfast) the attendant was at the telephone at the back of the shop. He spoke in a lucid telephone-voice."We've only two of the big tins of corned beef," he said; and there was a pause, during which, to a psychic, Diva's ears might have seemed to grow as pointed with attention as a satyr's. But she could only hear little hollow quacks from the other end."Tongue as well. Very good. I'll send them up at once," he added, and came forward into the shop."Good morning," said Diva. Her voice was tremulous with anxiety and investigation. "Got any big tins of corned beef? The ones that contain six pounds.""Very sorry, ma'am. We've only got two, and they've just been ordered.""A small pot of ginger then, please," said Diva recklessly. "Will you send it round immediately?""Yes, ma'am. The boy's just going out."That was luck. Diva hurried into the street, and was absorbed by the headlines of the news outside the stationer's. This was a favourite place for observation, for you appeared to be quite taken up by the topics of the day, and kept an oblique eye on the true object of your scrutiny...
Charles Spurgeon|Someone said adversity builds character, but someone else said adversity reveals character. I'm pleasantly surprised with my resilience. I persevere, and not just blindly. I take the best, get rid of the rest, and move on, realizing that you can make a choice to take the good.
Choi, Hong Hi|Pain is the best instructor, but no one wants to go to his class.
Marata Eros, Reapers|michelle would get picked up and bang someone anonymous stud in the bathroom, and i would sip my drink wishing i could go home and curl up with a book. i sigh. thats ok. she was my vicarious slutty friend. and for that i loved her
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|A hint of - dare I say? - animism has entered into the scientific worldview. The physical world is no longer either dead or passively obedient to the "laws.
Charles Frazier|So of course time is necessary. But nevertheless damn painful, for it transforms all the pieces of your life - joy and sorrow, youth and age, love and hate, terror and bliss - from fire into smoke rising up the air and dissipating on a breeze.
Mark W. Boyer|A great mentor is full of understanding, trust, respect and willing to help his/her mentees to reach the right direction in life.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your vision at a leadership level needs to be more global and selfless, it needs to go beyond you. Reflect and project your dream for a perfect world, even if you can only make it a great world.
Skid Row|Pray calm yourselves. I have eleven children, and I am twenty-six times a grandma, and I have seen them all through their silly seasons, and when it come on them they will run the Devil bowlegged keeping up with their mischief. I think she'll wake when she tires of it. A child's spirit is like a child, you can never catch it by running after it; you must stand still, and, for love, it will soon itself come back.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Change is coming, she whispered to the bugs bouncing off her window. You can’t escape it.
John le Carré|Tyranny is like the electric wiring in an old house. A tyrant dies, the new tyrant takes possession, and all he has to do is drop the switch.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|When a workman is unceasingly and exclusively engaged in the fabrication of one thing, he ultimately does his work with singular dexterity; but, at the same time, he loses the general faculty of applying his mind to the direction of the work. His every day becomes more of adroit and less industrious; so that it may be said of him, that, in proportion as the workman improves, the man is degraded. Alexis de Tocqueville
Debasish Mridha|Never stop learning, when you stop learning, life stops.
Katherine McIntyre, An Airship Named Desire|May as well have ox blood running through those veins,” I added, “You’re as stubborn as one.
Guy de Maupassant, Complete Works|The relationship between commitment and doubt is by no means an antagonistic one. Commitment is healthiest when it is not without doubt, but in spite of doubt. (p. 21)
Laurell K. Hamilton, Obsidian Butterfly|We would never go shopping together or eat an entire cake while we complained about men. He'd never invite me over to his house for dinner or a barbecue. We'd never be lovers. But there was a very good chance that one of us would be the last person the other saw before we died. It wasn't friendship the way most people understood it, but it was friendship. There were several people I'd trust with my life, but there is no one else I'd trust with my death. Jean-Claude and even Richard would try to hold me alive out of love or something that passed for it. Even my family and other friends would fight to keep me alive. If I wanted death, Edward would give it to me. Because we both understand that it isn't death that we fear. It's living.
Gurdieff|G. I. Gurdieff, "Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson"So-and-so-and-so-must-be; do-not-do-what-must-not-be. Mullah's favorite saying. p. 598
Iris Apfel|Creativity has always depended on openness and flexibility, so let us hope for more of both in the future.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|No. Take the heart first. Then you don't feel the cold so much. The pain so much. With the heart gone, there's no reason to stay your hand. Your eyes can look on death and not tremble. It's the heart that betrays us, makes us weep, makes us bury our friends when we should be marching ahead. It's the heart that sickens us at night and makes us hate who we are. It's the heart that sings old songs and brings memories of warm days.
Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux|Once upon a time," he said out loud to the darkness. He said these words because they were the best, the most powerful words that he knew and just the saying of them comforted him.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson|On the one hand we publicly pronounce the equality of all peoples; on the other hand, in our immigration laws, we embrace in practice these very theories we abhor and verbally condemn.
Dianne Harman Cornered Coyote|If the Mob was after you, the last thing you felt was alive. If the Mob was after you, it was only a matter of time before you were as dead as a doorknob. But standing outside in the middle of winter, with the world in a coma, she felt alive.
Patrick Ness, Snowscape|If war is hard - and it is, forever and always - then after war is just as hard, in a different way.
Marty Rubin|Committing to a goal does not always bring action, yet committing to an action will invariably bring you to your goal.
Lian Hearn, Brilliance of the Moon|It was our belief that the love of possessions is a weakness to be overcome. . . . Children must early learn the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving. . . . The Indians in their simplicity literally give away all that they have—to relatives, to guests of other tribes or clans, but above all to the poor and the aged, from whom they can hope for no return.
Tahir M Khan|Bring up the past only if it will help to build the future, otherwise its best to be left to sleep
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|We are, not metaphorically but in very truth, a Divine work of art, something that God is making, and therefore something with which He will not be satisfied until it has a certain character. Here again we come up against what I have called the “intolerable compliment.” Over a sketch made idly to amuse a child, an artist may not take much trouble: he may be content to let it go even though it is not exactly as he meant it to be. But over the great picture of his life—the work which he loves, though in a different fashion, as intensely as a man loves a woman or a mother a child—he will take endless trouble—and would doubtless, thereby give endless trouble to the picture if it were sentient. One can imagine a sentient picture, after being rubbed and scraped and re-commenced for the tenth time, wishing that it were only a thumb-nail sketch whose making was over in a minute. In the same way, it is natural for us to wish that God had designed for us a less glorious and less arduous destiny; but then we are wishing not for more love but for less.
Krisi Keley, Pro Luce Habere Volumes 1 and 2 Combined Edition|You are unwilling to pay that price, even knowing that the consolation prize is not only to learn every philosophy that has ever existed, but ones which have not yet been conceived? Even knowing that if you do not accept, you will soon cease to learn anything at all?"Raimund tilted his head, still staring into my eyes, and I knew he must see the tears filling them, though I held them back from falling."My friend," he whispered, "do you really believe your own words, I wonder? Your pain makes me think you know that death is not the end of learning, but only the beginning.
Helen Keller|Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invicible host against difficulties.
David W. Earle|This woman’s size protected herfrom the hurts of the worldbut it also imprisoned her soul. As the merry-go-round revolved, she ate another French fry,as a silent scream frozen on her face.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|There is only one ideal in the world, which is, the light of knowledge – the light of truth.
will.i.am|What I've been able to do with my character, Madea, and the other characters, with the jokes, is use it as an anesthetic to get to the heart and soul of real issues. And what I've found on stage over the years is that, while making people laugh, I can drop in pearls of wisdom.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|It is all about value. For good outcomes, we have to value the right things to make the best choices.
Willow Madison, True Choices|Her back bows over the kitchen island, our empty plates rattling with the thrust of my hand. Two orgasms later, she stumbles into the living room to work on her homework, argument forgotten.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|You never know when one kind act, or one word of encouragement, can change a life forever.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Taken by Storm|Sometimes, having friends who were like family was a good thing, and sometimes, it was like having an endless supply of very nosy, very irritating siblings.
Tracey-anne McCartney, A Carpet of Purple Flowers|I became lost in a world darkened beyond any known shade of black, and the only light that I have seen since...is you.
Anne Tyler, Breathing Lessons|She turned her can'ts into cans, and her DREAMS into plans! (Stuck on my screen, and always will be).
Toffee, Finding Juliet|Girls are obsessed with beauty. They make this world beautiful, by being beautiful.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|Arabella tilted her head, and Theodore couldn't help himself. Her lips were right in front of him, and he needed to claim them. He settled his lips over hers and the world melted away.
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|Point me out the happy man and I will point you out either extreme egotism, selfishness, evil -- or else an absolute ignorance.
Katherine Longshore, Tarnish|Hand in hand, we climb the processional stair, rising in the celebratory uproar of a capricious court. As we enter the palace, we are blinded by the ascent from sunshine into darkness.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|What I condemn are our system of values and the men who don't acknowledge how great, difficult, but ultimately beautiful women's share in society is.
François de La Rochefoucauld, Ra(c)Flexions, Ou Sentences Et Maximes Morale|Everyone complains of his memory, and no one complains of his judgment.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Parents have bought into the world’s pastimes chock-full of pop culture, and it is searing the souls of our children. Parents have allowed electronic babysitters to infiltrate their homes and minds; young people’s sense of right and wrong is being choked by wild and rank weeds in a moral wasteland.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|I mean. You put puppies in a store front, I will stop and giddily stare. Every. Single. Time.
Mickeal Bonneau|You told me you would never leave me, but the only thing I feel is loneliness...
Wendy Mass, Rapunzel: The One with All the Hair|Everything beautiful is golden and strewn with pearls. Even golden people live here. But misfortune is a dark power, a monstrous, cannibalistic giant, who is, however, vanquished, because a good woman, who happily knows how to avert disaster, stands ready to help.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|Hobbies are for pleasure, but rituals keep you going.
Angela Vallely|No matter what your struggles are, everyone has their own level of greatness.
Henry James|To take what there is in life and use it, without waiting forever in vain for the preconceived, to dig deep into the actual and get something out of that; this, doubtless, is the right way to live.
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|The little flowers grew everywhere around the rocks, and no one had asked them to grow, or me to grow.
Douglas Conant|Having people I love around me - friends and family - is great, but I don't necessarily need a relationship.
Linden Morningstar, Gloria Rising|We have to get you a haircut sometime today. You're starting to look like a sulky rock star."	"Well, I am a rock star," he said, deadpan
Shraddha Kapoor|I think life is sort of like a competition, whether it's in sports, or it's achieving in school, or it's achieving good relationships with people. And competition is a little bit of what it's all about.
Chris Pepple, Without a Voice|Healing starts the moment you accept the truth about what has happened. But healing doesn’t come quickly. When you know that death or pain has come, you face a moment when you stare that pain in the eyes and declare that you will not be defeated by it. Then you turn away and grieve." -Chris Pepple, Without a Voice
Ayn Rand, We the Living|I think that when in doubt about the truth of an issue, it's safer and in better taste to select the least numerous of the adversaries.
Angela Lynne Craig, Pivot Leadership: Small Steps...Big Change|When you see an obstacle approaching, grab your courage and speed up.
Steph Campbell, Grounding Quinn|Oh no, Nick" Jaime said in tones of supremely unconvincing shock, "how could you? When my back was turned for one momement. And my food was so delicious.
Lois Greiman, One Hot Mess|In my opinion, kissing a lady's hand is a fine tradition. After all, a man must start somewhere.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Being faithful and monogamous is not natural for human beings. It takes work. Deep down we all know that. We have all been tempted to stray at some point or another. Even when it was only a fleeting thought and we didn't act on it. Every time we acknowledge that someone of the opposite sex is "attractive" or "sexy" we are doing nothing other than pointing out that they would be a suitable mate. Not acting on that natural impulse to want to mate with a viable mating partner requires a conscious decision. It's a constant struggle between what your body wants, and what the civilized part of your brain says you should do, in order to avoid the negative consequences of cheating on your spouse and ruining your long-term relationship. That's why affairs, and extra-marital sex, are often referred to as "a moment of weakness.
Tim Maudlin|I've never been good with asking for help; it seems risky, but at some point when things are really dicey, your stubbornness gives way to a certain form of humility that, after you get over yourself, feels liberating. I started to believe that the universe was conspiring to help me finish my house, sending people along at the right moment.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|The challenge of being authentic for people pleasers is that we really want people to like and accept us. Being vulnerable, however, requires that we come to terms with the fact that not everyone is going to like us, and that it is okay. Not everyone needs to like us.
Laura Kasischke|Writing is really just a matter of writing a lot, writing consistently and having faith that you'll continue to get better and better. Sometimes, people think that if they don't display great talent and have some success right away, they won't succeed. But writing is about struggling through and learning and finding out what it is about writing itself that you really love.
Guy Finley|No, I don't believe in genius. I believe in freedom. I think anyone can do it. Anyone can be like Rembrandt.
S.L. Stacy, Reborn|Sisters we gather,In answer to the call,To fulfill our destinyAs guardians this side of the wall.“Where the fabric wears thin,And our enemy’s at hand,We must thrust him backInto his own land.“We honor our legacyAnd before the night is done,Sisters past, present and futureWill unite as one.
Ned Sublette|Another site of Leftist struggle [other than Detroit] that has parallels to New Orleans: Palestine. From the central role of displacement to the ways in which culture and community serve as tools of resistance, there are illuminating comparisons to be made between these two otherwise very different places.In the New Orleans Black community, death is commemorated as a public ritual (it's often an occasion for a street party), and the deceased are often also memorialized on t-shirts featuring their photos embellished with designs that celebrate their lives. Worn by most of the deceased's friends and family, these t-shirts remind me of the martyr posters in Palestine, which also feature a photo and design to memorialize the person who has passed on. In Palestine, the poster's subjects are anyone who has been killed by the occupation, whether a sick child who died at a checkpoint or an armed fighter killed in combat. In New Orleans, anyone with family and friends can be memorialized on a t-shift. But a sad truth of life in poor communities is that too many of those celebrate on t-shirts lost their lives to violence. For both New Orleans and Palestine, outsiders often think that people have become so accustomed to death by violence that it has become trivialized by t-shirts and posters.While it's true that these traditions wouldn't manifest in these particular ways if either population had more opportunities for long lives and death from natural causes, it's also far from trivial to find ways to celebrate a life. Outsiders tend to demonize those killed--especially the young men--in both cultures as thugs, killers, or terrorists whose lives shouldn't be memorialized in this way, or at all. But the people carrying on these traditions emphasize that every person is a son or daughter of someone, and every death should be mourned, every life celebrated.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|We are entertainers. We have to give our audience a good time. If my name serves that purpose, if that brings a smile on your face, then I think it is good and my job has been done.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|A philosopher operates with deductions. A sophist operates with paradoxes. A "public intellectual" operates with buzzwords.
Hermas one of the Seventy|Remember, never to fear the power of evil more than your trust in the power and love of God.
J'aiti|No longer do I sing, dance or draw pictures; but God has granted me the gift to do them all in my stories.
Sylvia Plath|Stupid girl. You will never win anyone through pity. You must create the right kind of dream, the sober, adult kind of magic: illusion born from disillusion.
Harper Sloan, Axel|Belatedly, I notice how much easier it is to walk on these sticks when you can't feel your legs. Lesson number one for hooch wear, be drunk. It might make dancing more of a challenge, but I wasn't feeling a thing and it was beautiful.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|So…we’ll start by boasting, will we? Just like old times! Very well, demigod.
John Grant|George wrote Taxman, and I played guitar on it. He wrote it in anger at finding out what the taxman did. He had never known before then what could happen to your money.
Sharon Guskin, The Forgetting Time|Sex, like death, was important, and yet why did no one seem to care enough to ask the questions that mattered?
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|Hard is trying to rebuild yourself, piece by piece, with no instruction book, and no clue as to where all the important bits are supposed to go.
Rawi Hage, Carnival|What reader or dreamer doesn’t imagine the romantic life of a writer, who lingers between the desk and the fridge in the morning and in the evening attends cocktail parties thrown by nouveaux riches and the society ladies who hardly ever have the time to read?
Rose Fall, How To Get Your Heart Broken|When faith replaces fear, the gates open for you to receive enough money, optimal health, and genuine relationships.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|So fine was the morning except for a streak of wind here and there that the sea and sky looked all one fabric, as if sails were stuck high up in the sky, or the clouds had dropped down into the sea.
Lisa M. Prysock, To Find a Duchess|Sometimes time can play tricks. One moment it idles by, an hour can seem a lifetime, such as when sitting by the river at dusk watching the bats snatching insects above the limpid waters; the breaching fish causing ringed ripples and a satisfying plop. Other times, time flashes by in an immodest fashion. So it is with the start of war. First time quivers with the last strum of a wonderful peace, the note holding in the air, mysterious and haunting, filling the listener with awe. Then, with a rising crescendo the terror starts with uncouth haste; with a boom the listener is shaken from their reverie and delivered into the servitude, of an ear-shattering cacophony.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|He stared at her, knowing with certainty that he was falling in love. He pulled her close and kissed her beneath a blanket of stars, wondering how on earth he'd been lucky enough to find her.
Stephen King|If God gives you something you can do, why in God's name wouldn't you do it?
William Trevor|When I used to teach creative writing, I would tell the students to make their characters want something right away - even if it's only a glass of water. Characters paralyzed by the meaninglessness of modern life still have to drink water from time to time.
Sacramento4Kids|I sometimes turn on the radio and I find very often that what I'm listening to is a discussion of sports. These are telephone conversations. People call in and have long and intricate discussions, and it's plain that quite a high degree of thought and analysis is going into that. People know a tremendous amount. They know all sorts of complicated details and enter into far-reaching discussion about whether the coach made the right decision yesterday and so on. These are ordinary people, not professionals, who are applying their intelligence and analytic skills in these areas and accumulating quite a lot of knowledge and, for all I know, understanding. On the other hand, when I hear people talk about, say, international affairs or domestic problems, it's at a level of superficiality that's beyond belief.
Jason J. Black|I am not here to compete in the war of words, I am here to nurture the future of stories.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Our beliefs shape how we perceive reality to be, and the belief that shapes our current perception of reality was adopted by the worldview of Newtonian physics, which asserts that reality is objective—that there is a material universe existing outside of our experience. But this isn’t true; there is no material universe outside of you; the Universe takes form through you.
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|Close your eyes, and lo, they are opened! But never shall they close again.
Terrence Holt, Internal Medicine: A Doctor's Stories|In the nineteenth century, girls who learned to develop orgasmic capacity by masturbation were regarded as medical problems. Often they were 'treated' or 'corrected' by amputation or cautery of the clitoris or 'miniature chastity belts,' sewing the vaginal lips together to put the clitoris out of reach, and even castration by surgical removal of the ovaries. But there are no references in the medical literature to the surgical removal of testicles or amputation of the penis to stop masturbation in boys.In the United States, the last recorded clitoridectomy for curing masturbation was performed in 1948-- on a five-year-old girl.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|When Gansey was polite, it made him powerful. When Adam was polite, he was giving power away.
Alan W. Watts, Psychotherapy East and West|I've come for one of your lasses," Sinclair said again. "A maid - she must be a virgin."Donal folded his arms over his chest. "What for? Pagan sacrifice?
Clifford A. Pickover, A Passion for Mathematics: Numbers, Puzzles, Madness, Religion, and the Quest for Reality|We have written the equations of water flow. From experiment, we find a set of concepts and approximations to use to discuss the solution--vortex streets, turbulent wakes, boundary layers. When we have similar equations in a less familiar situation, and one for which we cannot yet experiment, we try to solve the equations in a primitive, halting, and confused way to try to determine what new qualitatitive features may come out, or what new qualitative forms are a consequence of the equations. Our equations for the sun, for example, as a ball of hydrogen gas, describe a sun without sunspots, without the rice-grain structure of the surface, without prominences, without coronas. Yet, all of these are really in the equations; we just haven't found the way to get them out. ...The test of science is its ability to predict. Had you never visited the earth, could you predict the thunderstorms, the volcanoes, the ocean waves, the auroras, and the colourful sunset? A salutary lesson it will be when we learn of all that goes on on each of those dead planets--those eight or ten balls, each agglomerated from the same dust clouds and each obeying exactly the same laws of physics. The next great era of awakening of human intellect may well produce a method of understanding the qualitative content of equations. Today we cannot. Today we cannot see that the water flow equations contain such things as the barber pole structure of turbulence that one sees between rotating cylinders. Today we cannot see whether Schrodinger's equation contains frogs, musical composers, or morality--or whether it does not. We cannot say whether something beyond it like God is needed, or not. And so we can all hold strong opinions either way.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|Never ask about the details of someone's personal life, only the quality. Because if they want you to know, they'll let you know. If they don't want you to know, there is no need to know.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you walk in the light by faith, there is no fear for darkness.
Neal Shusterman, UnDivided|You know what whore is. Next the devil adultery,Enters the devil murder.
Therese Doucet, A Lost Argument|Maybe I’m strange and perverse, but I’ve always thought there was something sexy about a compelling argument.
C. JoyBell C.|Writing, music, sculpting, painting, and prayer! These are the three things that are most closely related! Writers, musicians, sculptors, painters, and the faithful are the ones who make things out of nothing. Everybody else, they make things out of something, they have materials! But a written work can be done with nothing, it can begin in the soul! A musical piece begins with a harmony in the soul, a sculpture begins with a formless, useless piece of rock chiseled and formed and molded into the thing that was first conceived in the sculptor's heart! A painting can be carried inside the mind for a lifetime, before ever being put onto paper or canvass! And a prayer! A prayer is a thought, a remembrance, a whisper, a communion, that is from the soul going to what cannot be seen, yet it can move mountains! And so I believe that these five things are interrelated, these five kinds of people are kin.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|What can you answer? Now be careful, don’t arouse my spite, Or with my slipper I’ll take you napping,faces slappingLeft and right.
Chris Bohjalian, Secrets of Eden|And just as there is random horror-murder,suicide,child abuse,car accidents.......there is also indiscriminate kindness.Not merely miracles,though I have experienced them.But simple human connection,either brokered by an angel or sourced by one.That is why I try to encourage people to be receptive to that new person who seems to have appeared in their life out of nowhere.
Shannon A. Thompson, July Thunder|Sometimes, people meant it when they smiled. Other times, they smiled because they wanted to mean it.
Josh Stallings, Beautiful, Naked & Dead|According lecture, entire effort United States to incite desire, inflict want, inspire demand.
Rose Lerner, True Pretenses|You can be the most productive and most effective, but politics show up as ego, jealousy and sabotage from bosses who can’t perform.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|In the afternoon, they stopped to eat on a rocky outcrop. Perry brushed a kiss on her cheek while she was chewing, and she learned that it was the loveliest thing to be kissed for no reason, even while chewing food. It brightened the woods, and the never sky, and everything.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|I have a question for you. "If your shadow is the second most beautiful thing in the world, which is the first?".
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|Nothing hurts me, Low Born. Absolutely nothing.”“How is that possible?” And for some reason he sounded as if he truly cared about her answer.“When you stop feeling anything, you find it quite possible.
Hugh Laurie|As a child is indulged or checked in its early follies, a ground is generally laid for the happiness or misery of the future man.
Yayoi Kusama|I want people to take the initiative to find veterans that need help, veterans that are suffering and in need of assistance reintegrating from combat back into society, into normal family lives and jobs. We need to take a real 'boots on the ground' approach to helping veterans in need.
Lysa TerKeurst, What Happens When Women Say Yes to God: Experiencing Life in Extraordinary Ways|God is using all of your experiences, both good and bad, to develop your character to match your calling.
Michaela Chung, The Irresistible Introvert: Harness the Power of Quiet Charisma in a Loud World|Often, we find ourselves wedged in the middle of a draining conversation. We might desperately want to dislodge ourselves from the interaction, but instead we stay in receiving mode, absorbing their words like a slow-acting poison.
Kendall Schmidt|You don't wait for your dreams to happen, you MAKE them happen.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honor trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then - to learn.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Conceal your dispositions, and your condition will remain secret, which leads to victory;  show your dispositions, and your condition will become patent, which leads to defeat.
Randy S. Woodley|A society concerned with shalom will care for the most marginalized among them. God has a special concern for the poor and needy, because how we treat them reveals our hearts, regardless of the rhetoric we employ to make ourselves sound just.
Josh Billings|It seems as if, for every dragon head that is lopped off, two more terrible appear. Seems so. But in truth, Life is gaining all the while. Brute force, such power as there seems to be in things, cannot stand against ideas which are eternal.
Tana French, In the Woods|What I am telling you, before you begin my story, is this -- two things: I crave truth. And I lie. 
Rebekah Merkle|If God is good, and if He wants us to subdue this planet, and if He wants us to obey the Great Commission and conquer this world for Christ, and if He tells half the human race that they're in charge of tending the home, it follows from this that the home is actually one of the most strategic and important tools by which the world will be won.
Dada Bhagwan|Man has obeyed commands of the Mother, the Father, the Guru; but he has not obeyed the commands of ‘God’ (Bhagwan). Had he obeyed ‘God’s’ commands, his work (for liberation) would have been accomplished. Alas! He will follow his boss’s commands and even his wife’s commands!
Tom Holt, Doughnut|Necessity is the mother of invention, which probably explains why invention’s father left home on the pretext of buying a newspaper and hasn’t been heard of since.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|What I think was hardest for me to realize was that he had tried each time to stop himself. He had killed animals, taking lesser lives to keep from killing a child
Pedro Pascal|I went to a public high school, and after graduation, college wasn't really much of an option for me. I didn't believe I had the money or the grades at the time, so I continued to work and save money to support my acting career.
Tom Cotton|We believe that government in Britain is there to protect people from terrorism and from the worst criminality, but never at the expense of our civil liberties and the basic tenets of our legal system.
Lecia Cornwall, Beauty and the Highland Beast|I am consoled only to see that I was not mistaken: Chicago is just as I remembered it. I was here twenty five years ago. My father brought me and Scott up to see the Century of Progress and once later to the World Series. Not a single thing do I remember from the first trip but this: the sense of the place, the savor of the genie-soul of the place which every place has or else is not a place. I could have been wrong: it could have been nothing of the sort, not the memory of a place but the memory of being a child. But one step out into the brilliant March day and there it is as big as life, the genie-soul of the place Which, wherever you go, you must meet and master first thing or be met and mastered. Until now, one genie-soul and only one ever proved too strong for me: San Francisco—up and down the hills I pursued him, missed him and was pursued, by a presence, a powdering of fall gold in the air, a trembling brightness that pierced to the heart, and the sadness of coming at last to the sea, the coming to the end of America. Nobody but a Southerner knows the wrenching rinsing sadness of the cities of the North. Knowing all about genie-souls and living in haunted places like Shiloh and the Wilderness and Vicksburg and Atlanta where the ghosts of heroes walk abroad by day and are more real than people, he knows a ghost when he sees one, and no sooner does he step off the train in New York or Chicago or San Francisco than he feels the genie-soul perched on his shoulder.
Roméo Dallaire|Rwanda will never ever leave me. It's in the pores of my body. My soul is in those hills, my spirit is with the spirits of all those people who were slaughtered and killed that I know of, and many that I didn't know. … Fifty to sixty thousand people walking in the rain and the mud to escape being killed, and seeing a person there beside the road dying. We saw lots of them dying. And lots of those eyes still haunt me, angry eyes or innocent eyes, no laughing eyes. But the worst eyes that haunt me are the eyes of those people who were totally bewildered. They're looking at me with my blue beret and they're saying, "What in the hell happened? We were moving towards peace. You were there as the guarantor" -- their interpretation -- "of the mandate. How come I'm dying here?" Those eyes dominated and they're absolutely right. How come I failed? How come my mission failed? How come as the commander who has the total responsibility-- We learn that, it's ingrained in us, because when we take responsibility it means the responsibility of life and death, of humans that we love.
Joan D. Vinge, Psion|God she hated the dance. A blow to the cheek one minute and discussing a romantic getaway the next. It was the one step forward, two steps back waltz. She wanted to scream. Sitting on the side of the bed, Claire allowed herself tears and swallowed
brendon urie|There’s a little tagline in there that I throw out to our fans, I like to call them my sinners, and I’m a fellow sinner, and so I think that’s a special little throw-out to them.
Warren Buffett|Doing good business - being ethical, being transparent, being caring, implementing values in your business - makes a difference, and you make money at the same time.
Robert Evans|The Web is not a prize to be won, and Mr. Ballmer's attitude is deplorable in the light of what the Web means to the world, to users, to designers and developers, and - to put it into Microsoft parlance - customers.
Richard Paul Evans, Lost December|I am lonely, I am lonely, I am lonely, I am lonely, I am lonely. How appropriate that I write this to myself.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|Winter passed, suns and moons, and in the heat of summer each tree leaned across the stream and enmeshed its young foliage with the crown of its brother. More summers, more winters, more suns and moons, and the two had grown together, their great trunks fused, the stream parting now to flow round them.
Patricia Briggs, Raven's Strike|Time was such an odd thing. One moment you could talk to someone, then suddenly, they were gone.
Norman Vincent Peale|Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful idiots are always asking, "What's in it for me"?
Roger Waters, The Wall|Actually, [Wax] said, we came here because we needed someplace safe to think for a few hours."Ranette: "Your mansion isn't safe?"Wax: "My butler failed to poison me, then tried to shoot me, then set off an explosive in my study"Ranette: "Huh.... You need to screen these people better, Wax.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|As for logical consequences, the "logic" is highly debatable. If you continually arrive late for my workshop, despite my warning that lateness is unacceptable, I may find it "logical" to lock you out of my classroom. Or perhaps it would be more "logical" to keep you locked in after class for the same number of minutes you were late. Or maybe my "logic" demands that you miss out on the snacks. As you may be starting to suspect, these are not true exercises in logic. They're really more of a free association, where we try to think of a way to make the wrongdoer suffer. We hope that the suffering will motivate the offender to do better in the future.
Tony McMahon, The Battle for British Islam: Reclaiming Muslim Identity from Extremism|CAIR is still trying to promote its strange claim that criticism of its ideology is racist....The ridiculous claims that criticism of Islam is an act of bigotry fail to take into account the fact that former Muslims like Bosch, Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Firoozeh Bazrafkan have been some of the sharpest critics of the ideology. Did they also change races?
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Never forget that you are not in the world; the world is in you. When anything happens to you, take the experience inward. Creation is set up to bring you constant hints and clues about your role as co-creator. Your soul is metabolizing experience as surely as your body is metabolizing food
Naomi Shihab Nye|The very first video experience I had was in high school. They brought a black-and-white closed-circuit surveillance camera into the classroom. I will never forget, as a kid, looking at that image.
Emma Winters, Equal Parts|His presence fogged my mind, warmed my blood, kept the darkness at bay – maybe because he was the darkness itself.
Robert Atkins|For my own health, I thought it was better to eat a plant based diet. I'm going to be 60 soon and I have boundless energy and I feel really good, so I'm all for it.
Amit Kalantri, 5 Feet 5 Inch Run Machine – Sachin Tendulkar|Football said,"Why I am not a cricket ball to get a shot from Sachin".
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Absence is more,thorny on the soul,than however dulcet,presence can be.Apparently,I have missed you,more than,I have ever loved you.
Daniel Stern|My eighth-grade year, I was home-schooled. I'd basically wake up, go to the gym in the morning, do a little bit of school, go to practice, do a little more school, then go back to practice. My mom had a crockpot and a mini traveling oven, so we'd be cooking and eating dinners at the gym.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|It is not for you to determine your purpose, the reason for your existence. You discover your purpose by asking the Creator why he created you!
Xavier Dolan|I'm the only one in - of my siblings, my mom and my family - that hasn't been affected by Lyme disease. It's been really hard for me because I'm the only one that doesn't really understand it.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Indeed you have what it takes to care like a mare, but can misters br one?
Allan Savory|I think that, in addition of the intersection of media and technology, there has also been an intersection between technology and finance, which is something I find a little closer to home, seeing as I spend so much time covering Wall Street banks.
JUVENALIUS|What happened was private. I was in it with Rose. She had hurt me grievously and now I was forever attached. I was in it now with all the women in the world. I walked home glad. I will die, I thought with a bounce in my step. I'm whole. Not whole like anyone else, but whole like me. Painful, but simple. It was very simple now.
Gwyneth Paltrow|Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That, or a kick-ass red lipstick.
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|Everything had shattered. The fact that it was all still there — the walls and the chairs and the children’s pictures on the walls — meant nothing. Every atom of it had been blasted apart and reconstituted in an instant, and its appearance of permanence and solidity was laughable; it would dissolve at a touch, for everything was suddenly tissue-thin and friable.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|The torture is in the anticipation – the unknown, the restless sleep, insuppressible urge.
Jason Silva|Change creates fear, and technology creates change. Sadly, most people don't behave very well when they are afraid.
Hannah Arendt, Between Past and Future|The modern age, with its growing world-alienation, has led to a situation where man, wherever he goes, encounters only himself. All the processes of the earth and the universe have revealed themselves either as man-made or as potentially man-made. These processes, after having devoured, as it were, the solid objectivity of the given, ended by rendering meaningless the one over-all process which originally was conceived in order to give meaning to them, and to act, so to speak, as the eternal time-space into which they could all flow and thus be rid of their mutual conflicts and exclusiveness. This is what happened to our concept of history, as it happened to our concept of nature. In the situation of the radical world-alienation, neither history nor nature is at all conceivable. This twofold loss of the world— the loss of nature and the loss of human artifice in the widest sense, which would include all history, has left behind it a society of men who, without a common world which would at once relate and separate them, either live in desperate lonely separation or are pressed together into a mass. For a mass-society is nothing more than that kind of organized living which automatically establishes itself among human beings who are still related to one another but have lost the world once common to all of them.
Vinko Vrbanic|The sleds accelerated quickly as they glided effortlessly over the smooth ice. We had never before experienced such a quick, easy slide. usually we wished we could push ourselves to make our sleds go faster. But not this time. The crystals of ice started flying past at an incredible rate of speed. No longer aware of where my sister and her sled were, all I could see was raw ice whizzing by ten inches under my chin at a rate of speed I never imagined I would experience on a sled. I felt like I was flying!
Ekaterina Sedia|Seductive pull of the forest, an open canvas for trouble.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|I'm the idea of the human imagination, which, when you think about it, is the only thing we can really be certain ISN'T imaginary.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Do not compare yourself with anybody. Compare yourself with yourself, for yourself and by yourself. We are all uniquely pottered and purposed by our creator!
Jeffrey Fry|I don't think-""Clearly. Why start now?
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|It is my observations, though, that happiness limits the amount of suffering one is willing to inflict upon others
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|To have come on all this new world of writing, with time to read in a city like Paris where there was a way of living well and working, no matter how poor you were, was like having a great treasure given to you. You could take your treasure with you when you traveled too, and in the mountains where we lived in Switzerland and Italy, until we found Schruns in the high valley in the Vorarlberg in Austria, there were always the books, so that you lived in the new world you had found, the snow and the forests and the glaciers and their winter problems and your high shelter in the Hotel Taube in the village in the day time, and at night you could live in the other wonderful world the Russian writers were giving you.
Janet Yellen|It is essential that God created men and women to be one, as it is said in the first chapters of the Bible. So I think even if our culture is against marriage as essential form of relations between human beings, between women and men. I think our nature is always present, and we can understand it if we will understand it.
Rae Elle, Chained|Because I like to flirt with death. Let's do this, give me your best shot, human. Let's see who gives in first. This isn't my first time.
Mary Karr|Poetry is for me Eucharistic. You take someone else's suffering into your body, their passion comes into your body, and in doing that you commune, you take communion, you make a community with others.
Aristotle|One must learn by doing the thing, for though you think you know it, you have no certainty until you try.
Wangari Maathai|God is not accustomed to refusing a good gift to those who ask for one. Since he is good, and especially to those who are faithful to him, let us hold fast to him with all our soul, our heart, our strength, and so enjoy his light and see his glory and possess the grace of supernatural joy.
Julie Andrews Edwards|We have an obligation to support libraries. To use libraries, to encourage others to use libraries, to protest the closure of libraries. If you do not value libraries then you do not value information or culture or wisdom. You are silencing the voices of the past and you are damaging the future.We have an obligation to read aloud to our children. To read them things they enjoy. To read to them stories we are already tired of. To do the voices, to make it interesting, and not to stop reading to them just because they learn to read to themselves. Use reading-aloud time as bonding time, as time when no phones are being checked, when the distractions of the world are put aside.
Norman Lear|My brothers bullied me, so I cried a lot as a kid. It was the only defense I had. Telling them to stop wouldn't work. The crying would bring my dad. Dad was my cavalry.
Amor Towles, Rules of Civility|For however inhospitable the wind, from this vantage point Manhattan was simply so improbable, so wonderful, so obviously full of promise - that you wanted to approach it for the rest of your life without ever quite arriving.
Amin Maalouf, Orígenes|Oh my God!” Sam said again, his voice shaking. I’ve given birth to something inhuman, Phoebe thought. A lamprey with row after row of teeth.
Sanhita Baruah|I wish not to tell you how I feel,I choose silence so that you leave,Kiss me goodbye and set me free...
Debasish Mridha|When you write from the heart, it is always beautiful.
Sylvia Plath|It's extremely important just to keep things positive and happy as much as we can... I think it's important that singers, actors, or whatever use our voice to spread positive messages as much as we possibly can.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The longer the waiting, the longer the wondering.
Lin-Manuel Miranda|That is — your friend?" "Philtatos," Achilles replied, sharply. Most beloved.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|It was lousy in the park. It wasn't too cold, but the sun still wasn't out, and there didn't look like there was anything in the park except dog crap and globs of spit and cigar butts from old men, and the benches all looked like they'd be wet if you sat down on them. It made you depressed, and every once in a while, for no reason, you got goose flesh while you walked. It didn't seem at all like Christmas was coming soon. It didn't seem like anything was coming.
Katie Lynn Johnson, Amulet of Elusion|The grass and the vines and the willow tree were all so lush and vividly green that he was slightly awed by them. Their location within an alcove of a cliff made all of it more remarkable. It was such an unexpected place for something so beautiful, like an oasis in the middle of a barren desert.
R.W. Erskine|To claim to understand, is a statement that only your imagination could conceive.
John Green|Let me give you some advice here: People who want to have the sex talk with you will act the same way as people who want to murder you. First they get you in their car, so they're in control and you can't escape. Then they drive you someplace in the middle of nowhere.
Oswald J. Smith, The Enduement Of Power: Being Filled With The Holy Spirit|The three representative men of the Bible, the natural, the carnal, and the spiritual - Which are you? Are you living in Egypt, the world and home of the natural man, or in the wilderness, the abode of the carnal? ... Are you already through the wilderness, and dwelling in Canaan, the land of the spiritual?
Kelly McCullough, WebMage|I may not have any power over it at the moment, but at some point that must change. I can be very patient. I am the end of all things, nephew mine. I shall be the last. When birth has ended, I wil cut Clotho's cord, and she will be no more. The time will come when every last thread has been measured, and I will snip Lachesis from the great weave. In the end only Death and I will remain. Then I will cut his thread, and it will be me alone. With my last strength I will close the shears on my own life. I am the end of everything, including you.
Manny Pacquiao|Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'
Christie Cote, Rain|I was about to sit down when Kyle’s hand wrapped around my left wrist lightly and pulled up my arm. The suddenness of his touch was startling. I looked at him, confused, and saw fire in his eyes—raw anger I didn’t understand. His eyes looked up at me and penetrated mine.
Caleb Crain, Necessary Errors|– I’m going to be a writer, he reminded Milo.– And you won’t need literature?– I’ll write my own.
Jeffrey Overstreet, Cyndere's Midnight|Most of them are remembered for their works, few are remembered in spite of them...for their finesse!
Ramakrishna|You see many stars in the sky at night, but not when the sun rises. Can you therefore say that there are no stars in the heavens during the day? Because you cannot find God in the days of your ignorance, say not that there is no God.
Shilpa Raj, The Elephant Chaser's Daughter|If you can see it, you can achieve it. God helps those who helps themselves. Power is in the act of humility.
Janet Evanovich|Either get out of bed or else take your clothes off," he said. "I'm not in the mood to compromise.
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|Whose empire did you just overthrow?" My own.
Gabriel Chevallier, Clochemerle|At Clochemerle, the greater number of the men put up with their wives, and the great majority of the women with their husbands. If this hardly amounted to adoration, in the majority of homes at any rate the men and women found each other very nearly endurable.
