Debasish Mridha|If you know the brightness of your heart, you will never fear darkness.
Margaret Atwood, Good Bones and Simple Murders|By now you must have guessed: I come from another planet. But I will never say to you, Take me to your leaders. Even I - unused to your ways though I am - would never make that mistake. We ourselves have such beings among us, made of cogs, pieces of paper, small disks of shiny metal, scraps of coloured cloth. I do not need to encounter more of them.Instead I will say, Take me to your trees. Take me to your breakfasts, your sunsets, your bad dreams, your shoes, your nouns. Take me to your fingers; take me to your deaths.These are worth it. These are what I have come for.
Chung Mong-joon|I am tired and sick of war. Its glory is all moonshine. It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance, for desolation. War is hell.
Carroll Bryant|We are what we repeatedly do. Greatness then, is not an act, but a habit
Sam Mendes|I love dancing just because I've done it my whole life and it's definitely what I want to do. I feel like, I want to train with acting and do movies. Those two are my main priorities. I definitely want to be able to sing and model, too. I definitely love those, too.
Chelsea Manning|Feminism is just an idea. It's a philosophy. It's about the equality of women in all realms. It's not about man-hating. It's not about being humorless. We have to let go of these misconceptions that have plagued feminism for 40, 50 years.
Kevin Dalton - Faubush Hill|Put some fiddle in the middle, it'll make it better. Warm your heart like an old love letter. Make you feel like the day you met her.
Ken Poirot|If what you do TODAY will define your TOMORROW, then that means the FUTURE is NOW.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|Basically, I have two speeds.... Hostile or smart-aleck. Your choice.
C.S. Lewis|By the very act of arguing, you awake the patient's reason; and once it is awake, who can foresee the result?
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|once you're gone, you made me feel nothing as if you were my emotions and you took it away from me.
Donald Evans|And the whole world, the whole world that believes in freedom, whether you're talking about personal freedom, economic freedom, religious freedom, they look to the United States for leadership; and you're part of that leadership.
G.K. Chesterton, Saint Thomas Aquinas|When the eye becomes the heart, the heart becomes the eye.
Pat Conroy, South of Broad|Find the good, and praise it.
Peter St. John, Gang Loyalty|They listened more than they talked, but that was the way of wise men and women.
Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing|I'm not some character from a boys' manga." ~Yukio
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Every time we choose our past over our present, we kill our future.
June Jordan|And I got to thinking about the moral meaning of memory, per se. And what it means to forget, what it means to fail to find and preserve the connection with the dead whose lives you, or I, want or need to honor with our own.
Paul Isaacs|Invisible lines, unbreakable rulesCould all bend at the mercy of love
Nicki Elson, Three Daves|I know every guy here, and they’re all pretty much jerks.
E.N. Supen, The Victorious Kingdom Quotes|We have a natural and supernatural identity. Our spirituality should be relevant to daily life; our calling is to influence the world through right living, the Truth and the power of God.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|Here rests his head upon the lap of earthA youth to fortune and to fame unknown.Fair Science frowned not on his humble birth,And Melancholy marked him for her own.
Jose Antonio Vargas|'The Museum of Innocence' is not about politics; it's a love story, but I think it's political in the sense that it wants to capture how a man suppresses a woman.
Brynn Myers, Falling Out of Focus|And on bad days, when his aura of sadness blazed like an alarm he couldn’t turn off, I felt like I was doing everything wrong.
Kahlil Gibran, Beloved Prophet: The Love Letters of Kahlil Gibran and Mary Haskell, and Her Private Journal|He suffered much, but he understood the mystery of pain: he knew that tears make all things shine.
Harlan Coben, Tell No One|Alannah?” He held her limp body waiting for a response. “Don’t do this.” He put his hand over the other cut whispering his words and healing it as well. “Alannah?” His voice begged, as he held her face in his hand Still no response. He looked at the ground she had laid on realizing that she had lost a lot of blood. Then from the corner of his eye he saw the rise and fall of her chest and let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. She still lives.
Susan Ee, End of Days|What do you care?" I barked, and his grip tightened enough on my wrists that I knew my bones would snap with a little more pressure."What do I care?" he breathed, wrath twisting his features. Wings - those membranous, glorious wings - flared from his back, crafted from the shadows behind him. "What do I care?"But before he could go on, his head snapped to the door, then back to my face. The wings vanished as quickly as they had appeared, and then his lips were crushing into mine. His tongue pried my mouth open, forcing himself into me, into the space where I could still taste Tamlin. I pushed and trashed, but he held firm, his tongue sweeping over the roof of my mouth, against my teeth, claiming me - The door was flung wide, and Amarantha's curved figure filled its space. Tamlin - Tamlin was beside her, his eyes slightly wide, shoulders tight as Rhys's lips still crushed mine.Amarantha laughed, and a mask of stone slammed down on Tamlin's face. void of feeling, void of anything vaguely like the Tamlin I'd been tangled up with moments before.
Barbara Taylor Bradford, Three Weeks in Paris|It's different when the person you love dies. There's an awful finality to death. But it is final. The end. And there's the funeral, family gatherings, grieving, all of those necessary rituals. And they help, believe me. When the object of your love just disappears, there's no way to deal with the grief and pain.
Yong Junhyung|Even everything will come to failure and seems it always like that, i’ll just start again. The biggest ability i have, is ability to keep repeat on fail.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|If you work hard and get help from good friends, together you can overcome almost any challenge, no matter how great.
James Taylor|I may be a successful football player, but I feel like such a failure.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|The Buddha, Christ and Mohammed had to rely on God and karma and human priests for judgement; we don’t. We have data. We have algorithms. We have Guidance. God is now available as an application, on your mobile phone or in the cloud, twenty four seven, three sixty five.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|He was the second snowman to be melting away before her eyes, only this one was different. It was a paradox. The colder he became, the more he melted.
Jeffrey Tucker|Self-government is our right," [Roger Casement] declared. "A thing born in us at birth; a thing no more to be doled out to us or withheld from us by another people than the right to life itself - than the right to feel the sun or smell the flowers, or to love our kind. . . . Where men must beg with bated breath for leave to subsist in their own land, to think their own thoughts, to sing their own songs, to garner the fruits of their own labours. . . then surely it is braver, a saner and a truer thing, to be a rebel . . . than tamely to accept it as the natural lot of men.
A.W. Tozer, Tozer Pulpit|It is easy to use the phrase 'God's will for my life' as an excuse for inaction or even disobedience. ... My hope is that instead of searching for 'God's will for my life' each of us would learn to seek hard after 'the Spirit's leading in my life today.' May we learn to pray for an open and willing heart, to surrender to the Spirit's leading with that friend, child, spouse, circumstance, or decision in our lives right now.
George Gaylord Simpson|Over and over again in the study of the history of life it appears that what can happen does happen. There is little suggestion that what occurs must occur, that it was fated or that it follows some fixed plan, except simply as the expansion of life follows the opportunities that are presented. In this sense, an outstanding characteristic of evolution is its opportunism.["Meaning of Evolution," 1949, p. 160.]
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|Thankfully, Coach had taught me a way of embracing the pain. He called that overwhelming rust of hurt 'The Moment of No Return', a point of pure agony when the body told an athlete to quit, to rest, because the pain was so damn tough. It was a tipping point. He reckoned that if an athlete dropped in The Moment, then all the pain that went before it was pointless, the muscles wouldn't increase their current strength. But if he could work through the pinch and run another two reps, maybe 3, them the body would physically improve in that time, and that was when an athlete grew stronger.
Claire North, The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August|In some ways, we are traveling in time now. We just happened to be prisoners of the present in the eternal transition from the past to the future.
Anna Quindlen, Imagined London: A Tour of the World's Greatest Fictional City|When it is good, this is a city of fantastic strength, sophistication and beauty. It is like no other city in time or place. Visitors and even natives rarely use the words urban character or environmental style, but that is what they are reacting to with awe in the presence of massed, concentrated, steel, stone, power and life.
Colette|It's so curious: one can resist tears and 'behave' very well in the hardest hours of grief. But then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window, or one notices that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed, or a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses. 
Yi So-Yeon|Most Jupiter-sized planets orbit the mother star in a highly elliptical orbit. This means they will often cross the orbit of any Earth-like planet and fling it into outer space, making life impossible. But our Jupiter travels in a near-perfect circular orbit, preventing a collision with any Earth-like planet, making life possible.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|Was Mrs. Wilcox one of the unsatisfactory people- there are many of them- who dangle intimacy and then withdraw it? They evoke our interests and affections, and keep the life of the spirit dawdling around them. Then they withdraw. When physical passion is involved, there is a definite name for such behaviour- flirting- and if carried far enough, it is punishable by law. But no law- not public opinion, even- punishes those who coquette with friendship, though the dull ache that they inflict, the sense of misdirected effort and exhaustion, may be as intolerable. Was she one of these?
Phil Zuckerman|We ought always to deal justly, not only with those who are just to us, but likewise to those who endeavor to injure us; and this, for fear lest by rendering them evil for evil, we should fall into the same vice.
Mary J. Blige|When we run out of them upstairs, I've been known to appropriate some from our greenroom, pocketing a few with one hand as I smile and greet our guests with the other. One time, Dave Zinczenko of 'Eat this, Not That!' fame, busted me in the act. The cookies apparently fall in the 'not that' category. I made a note of it.
Kenneth Lonergan|Art is basically communication, and I think everyone who's a music lover has had that experience where a record or a recording has kept you company when no one else is around. And I think that is what I'm hoping that people get out of my music.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.
Dan Millman, The Four Purposes of Life: Finding Meaning and Direction in a Changing World|Running is a mental sport, more than anything else. You're only as good as your training, and your training is only as good as your thinking.
Ryan Zinke|It helps me to learn things in different languages, even if it's just phonetically, and to make myself vulnerable to other audiences by trying to reflect back to them the genius of their own cultures, and to do that, oftentimes, in new jazz settings, new arrangements. It's a way to show respect.
Christopher Moore|The Beta Male is seldom the strongest or the fastest, but because he can anticipate danger, he far outnumbers his Alpha Male competition. The world is led by Alpha Males, but the machinery of the world turns on the bearings of the Beta Male.
Helen Prejean|A mere enumeration of government activity is evidence -- often the sole evidence offered -- of "inadequate" nongovernment institutions, whose "inability" to cope with problems "obviously" required state intervention. Government is depicted as acting not in response to its own political incentives and constraints but because it is compelled to do so by concern for the public interest: it "cannot keep its hands off" when so "much is at stake," when emergency "compels" it to supersede other decision making processes. Such a tableau simple ignores the possibility that there are political incentives for the production and distribution of "emergencies" to justify expansions of power as well as to use episodic emergencies as a reason for creating enduring government institutions.
Brodi Ashton, Everneath|There's something about her," Caire said in a low voice. "She cares for everyone about her, yet neglects herself. I want to be the one who cares for her.
Jennifer  Perry, Deja Vu- A Novella|The moment that followed was one that would forever change the course of her life. She reflected on it later, and wondered how such a short matter of seconds could alter so permanently every part of her existence. Like an unstoppable line of dominoes, the moment was the flick that set everything into motion.
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|My only choice was to fight my way out, even if I didn't think I would make it.
Jane Elliot|The mask can be a limitation, but you just deal with it. You do get superhuman strength and pumpkin bombs and all this other stuff to express yourself with.'
M.T. Bass|We all are secret-keepers in our intimate relationships. We keep secrets from our partners about daily encounters, former lovers, true feelings about sex, friends, in-laws, finances, personal hopes, and worries about work, health, love, and life. It may be, in fact, that keeping these secrets makes all relationships possible. If our partners knew every thought, every nuance of our selves, our relationships would run the risk of succumbing from either constant turmoil or—perhaps worse—a tedious matter-of-factness devoid of surprises. Whatever their contribution to the maintenance of our unions, secrets also contribute to their collapse.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|History does seem to repeat itself hence it's mindboggling to still hear the 'avoid all negative people' speeches from, of all people, supposedly important spiritual teachers. Ironically, their congregations would probably be the ones hiding their faces from the accuracies of truth speakers like Christ. Now, Christ was the complete opposite of negative, however the danger is that truth is often misunderstood as negativity by those who are constantly taught to only seek flattery.
Debasish Mridha|Be wise like water and adapt, adjust, and appreciate whomever you are with and wherever you are.
Izaak Walton|We talk of our mastery of nature, which sounds very grand; but the fact is we respectfully adapt ourselves, first, to her ways.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|I'm sad now, the way we're talking is infinitely sad: faded music, faded paper flowers, worn satin, an echo of an echo. All gone away, no longer possible.
Lao Tzu|The wise man does not lay up his own treasures.The more he gives to others,the more he has for his own.
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|You walk for days among trees and among stones. Rarely does the eye light on a thing, and then only when it has recognized that thing as the sign of another thing: a print in the sand indicates the tiger's passage; a marsh announces a vein of water; the hibiscus flower, the end of winter. All the rest is silent and interchangeable; trees and stones are only what they are.
Pierre-Simon Laplace|The new mathematics is a sort of supplement to language, affording a means of thought about form and quantity and a means of expression,more exact,compact, and ready than ordinary language. The great body of physical science, a great deal of the essential facts of financial science, and endless social and political problems are only accessible and thinkable to those who have had a sound training in mathematical analysis, and the time may not be very remote when it will be understood that for complete initiation as an efficient citizen of one of the new great complex world wide states that are now developing, it is as necessary to be able to compute, to think in averages and maxima and minima, as it is now to be able to read and write.
Mike Coyle, The Best of What's Left|Once his life had been like this. He applied strength and determination to a messy problem until the stickiness went away, strands of sense formed and suddenly a hopeless mess was transformed into something beautiful, delectable, something everyone wanted.Now, no matter how hard he tried, no one wanted what he had to offer.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|Good and Evil are opposite points on a circle, Dr. Chiver. Greater good is just halfway back to Bad.
Simon Sebag Montefiore|But to her, libraries were like hotels: secret villages inhabited by passing strangers from a thousand different worlds brought together just for a few hours.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be able to control the whole world, but you may learn to control your inner world through yoga.
Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved|I'm here by choice, I reminded myself. I'm here because I can't bear to be not- here anymore. I'm here because I can't tell right from wrong, light from dark. I'm here because I can't stand being me. I'm here because I don't want anyone to know where I am.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|It's always wrong of course to say that you can't do this or you can't do that in fiction. You can do anything you can get away with, but nobody has ever gotten away with much.
Kathleen Norris, Amazing Grace: A Vocabulary of Faith|It is the Godfather, not God the Father, who makes you an offer you can’t refuse.
Thomas Edison|I have not failed. I have just found 10,000 ways it will NOT work.
aldrin alex|Your present is your future's memory. Live it, Love it, Enjoy it and make it worth remembering..--ald'z <3
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|I have always been a reader; I have read at every stage of my life, and there has never been a time when reading was not my greatest joy. And yet I cannot pretend that the reading I have done in my adult years matches in its impact on my soul the reading I did as a child. I still believe in stories. I still forget myself when I am in the middle of a good book. Yet it is not the same. Books are, for me, it must be said, the most important thing; what I cannot forget is that there was a time when they were at once more banal and more essential than that. When I was a child, books were everything. And so there is in me, always, a nostalgic yearning for the lost pleasure of books. It is not a yearning that one ever expects to be fulfilled.
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|Luca chuckled. “You will learn to trust me, princess.”Ryan scoffed as he also brushed past Luca and walked into the library. “Like hell she will.
Debbie Howells, The Beauty of the End|You have wings, I have roots.
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|You dislike Basil because, without his art, his life is horribly plain. Unlike Dorian who has made an art out of his life. Basil produces art; Dorian consumes it and lets it overwhelm him.
Jodi Picoult, Mercy|And everyone saw me. Tobias saw me.I hear footsteps. Tobias marches toward me and wrenches me to my feet."What the hell was that, Stiff?""I..." My breath comes in a hiccup. "I didn't-""Get yourself together! This is pathetic."Something within me snaps. My tears stop. Heat races through my body, driving the weakness out of me, and I smack him so hard my knuckles burn with the impact. He stares at me, one side of his face bright with blush-blood, and I stare back."Shut up," I say. I yank my arm from his grasp and walk out of the room.
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|In the early ages of the world, according to the scripture chronology, there were no kings; the consequence of which was there were no wars; it is the pride of kings which throws mankind into confusion.
Colin Jost|We have to remember that progress isn’t just a straight line upwards, O.K.?It’s a weird roller coaster where sometimes you’re screaming for joy, and other times you’re barfing in your own face.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
Deyth Banger|What are the differences between me and you, I stand up and continue you just stay down and don't move and you think that nobody will touch. But when you are down, you always easy to be attacked - You will find down "IT" :D :D
Elizabeth Jarrett Andrew, On The Threshold: Home, Hardwood, and Holiness|The basements of the churches I've loved reveal the foundation of the spiritual life to be not belief so much as engagement with the mystery lurking at the base of all things. We build a framework on top of mystery because we need someplace to live, some manner of surviving nature's fury and our mundane daily needs.
A.D. Posey|When your heart is open, your eyes see the beauty that is all around you.
Scott Douglas, Quiet, Please: Dispatches From A Public Librarian|I do not understand people who will lustily throw $40,000 at the shiny red automobile of their choice, but well up with tears and become outraged when they are asked to pay $5 for a damaged videotape. Either they are fucked up and their priorities are fucked up or I am fucked up and my priorities are fucked up. Because I am me, I think it is them.
Tristan Taormino, The Ultimate Guide to Kink: BDSM, Role Play and the Erotic Edge|What all of this suggests is that we need a more complex understandingof identities. If we identify on the basis of race, class, sexuality, orgender alone we cannot make sense of the ways these identificationscombine and change over time. The used-to-be-working class nowprofessional woman, the woman of mixed racial parentage who appearswhite, the divorced mother who is now a lesbian, the former lesbian whois now straight, or the former lesbian who is now a man. Identities arealways in motion; they are mobile (Ferguson, 1993). This is particularlythe case for those who have been placed in identity categories that do notquite seem to fit; it is also true of many more of us, in varied ways. Justask our current President, whose own origin story, of which he has spokenand written eloquently, is exceedingly complex. We need, I believe, aconception of identities that embraces this complexity, that takes intoaccount temporality and also specificity.
Kyle Hill|I have heard over and over again that the drilling business is a dangerous business, and death is an expected part of the game, but I've also heard of the way that safety violations, human and environmental laws, and a concern for the local culture are flaunted in pursuit of money.
Adam Berlin, The Number of Missing|She can look at you and make you feel like you’re the only one in the world. Even if it’s not true, she can make you feel that way. And with her child, it would be true. She would look at her child for as long as her child needed.
Jennifer Echols, Dirty Little Secret|The supernatural world was like an onion. You peel back the layers, only to find more layers, on and on, hopelessly trying to reach the mysterious core. Then you start crying.
Jared Diamond, Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies|[W]hat makes patriotic and religious fanatics such dangerous opponents is not the deaths of the fanatics themselves, but their willingness to accept the deaths of a fraction of their number in order to annihilate or crush their infidel enemy.
Françoise Sagan, Dans un mois, dans un an|The writer’s life requires courage, patience, empathy, openness. It requires the ability to be alone with oneself. Gentle with oneself. To be disciplined, and at the same time, take risks.
Carol Ann Duffy, Rapture|I found the words at the back of a drawer,wrapped in black cloth, like three ringsslipped from a dead woman’s hand, cold,dull gold. I had held them before,years ago,then put them away, forgetting whatever it wasI could use them to say. I touched the first to my lips,like a pledge, like a kiss,and my breathwarmed them, the words I needed to utter this, small words,and few. I rubbed at them till they gleamed in my palm –I love you, I love you, I love you –as though they were new.
H.W. Brands, The Man Who Saved the Union: Ulysses Grant in War and Peace|When someone else doesn’t believein you or your dreams, rememberit’s about them, not you.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|There can be, if I forebode aright, no power, short of the Divine mercy, to disclose, whether by uttered words, or by type or emblem, the secrets that may be buried with a human heart. The heart, making itself guilty of such secrets, must perforce hold them, until the day when all hidden things shall be revealed. Nor have I so read or interpreted the Holy Writ, as to understand that the disclosure of human thoughts and deeds, then to be made, is intended as part of the retribution. That, surely, were a shallow view of it. No; these revelations, unless I greatly error, are meant merely to promote the intellectual satisfaction of all intelligent beings, who will stand waiting, on that day, to see the dark problem of this life made plain. A knowledge of men's hearts will be needful to the completest solution of that problem. And I conceive, moreover, that the hearts holding such secrets as you speak of will yield them up, at that last day, not with reluctance, but with a joy unutterable.
Sandra Brindley|Hundreds of men crowded the yard, and not a one among them was whole. They covered the ground thick as maggots on a week old carcass, the dirt itself hardly anywhere visible. No one could move without all feeling it and thus rising together in a hellish contortion of agony. Everywhere men moaned, shouting for water and praying for God to end their suffering. They screamed and groaned in an unending litany, calling for mothers and wives and fathers and sisters. The predominant color was blue, though nauseations of red intruded throughout. Men lay half naked, piled on top of one another in scenes to pitiful to imagine. Bloodied heads rested on shoulders and laps, broken feet upon arms. Tired hands held in torn guts and torsos twisted every which way. Dirty shirts dressed the bleeding bodies and not enough material existed in all the world to sop up the spilled blood. A boy clad in gray, perhaps the only rebel among them, lay quietly in one corner, raised arm rigid with a finger extended, as if pointing to the heavens. His face was a singular portrait of contentment among the misery. Broken bones, dirty white and soiled with the passing of hours since injury, were everywhere abundant. All manner of devices splinted the damaged and battered limbs: muskets, branches, bayonets, lengths of wood or iron from barns and carts. One individual had bone splinted with bone: the dried femur of a horse was lashed to his busted shin. A blind man, his eyes subtracted by the minié ball that had enfiladed him, moaned over and over “I’m kilt, I’m kilt! Oh Gawd, I’m kilt!” Others lay limp, in shock. These last were mostly quiet, their color unnaturally pale. It was agonizingly humid in the still air of the yard. The stink of blood mixed with human waste produced a potent and offensive odor not unlike that of a hog farm in the high heat of a South Carolina summer. Swarms of fat, green blowflies everywhere harassed the soldiers to the point of insanity, biting at their wounds. Their steady buzz was a noise straight out of hell itself, a distress to the ears.
Wendell Pierce|A deep sense of love and belonging is an irreducible need of all people. We are biologically, cognitively, physically, and spiritually wired to love, to be loved, and to belong. When those needs are not met, we don't function as we were meant to. We break. We fall apart. We numb. We ache. We hurt others. We get sick.
Eleanor Hallowell Abbott, Fairy Prince and Other Stories|When purchasing gifts becomes the focal point of the season, we lose focus on what's truly important.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Good morning, Sunshine,” Alessandro whispered, dragging the satiny soft object across the tip of her nose. Curiosity made her open her eyes. A rose. A blue rose. “I figured a single rose was safer than a dozen considering the massacre of the last blue roses I gave you,” he smiled sheepishly. “Happy birthday, darling.” Bree blinked and tried to remember what day it was. The fifteenth apparently. She groaned and pulled the blankets back over her head. She was officially thirty today. “Come on now, up we go,” Alessandro pulled the blankets off her face and grabbed her arm, bringing her up. “For my birthday, I want sleep,” she groaned. Gianni had suffered through a painful night as another tooth was starting to come in and thus his parents had suffered as well. “Nope, we’ve got a long day ahead of us. Let’s go.” “Why?” Bree yawned. “Because thirty years ago you were born and my life as I knew it would never be the same,” Alessandro explained, nuzzling her neck.
Betsy Hearne|Childhood is the time and children's books are the place for powerful emotions, powerful language, powerful art... There is no room for cutesy books, dull books, or books that talk down. Children are not inferior. They may be small in stature but not in what they feel, think, listen, and see.
Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman|We should be able to say, "This is my truth," and have that truth stand without a hundred clamoring voices shouting, giving the impression that multiple truths cannot co-exist. Because at some point, doesn't privilege become beside the point?
Muriel Barbery, The Life of Elves|Then there was Jeannot, who was reminded of another war and who was discovering inside himself the roots of a mad hopefulness that made him want to believe that the present hour might appease the torture of memories, and he could again see the paths of his life opening up before him, paths that came to an abrupt end the day he saw his brother die. Every morning he got up to face this wound that no one could see, and he drank his wine and laughed at stories, and his soul was more bare than a rosebush in winter.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You are more likely to find three TVs inside a randomly selected house than you are to find a single book that is or was not read to pass an exam, to please God, or to be a better cook.
Channing Tatum|Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Sometimes they would just pay me to stay home and not do anything else, which sounds fantastic but doesn't do much for your ego. Its probably a little like getting alimony-the money is nice but has a nasty aftertaste.
Laura Ingraham|My publicist told me not to talk about politics but, yes, I think we have a president who stole the election.
Vashti Quiroz-Vega|Don’t turn your face away. Once you’ve seen, you can no longer act like you don’t know.Open your eyes to the truth. It’s all around you.Don’t deny what the eyes to your soul have revealed to you.Now that you know, you cannot feign ignorance.Now that you’re aware of the problem, you cannot pretend you don’t care.To be concerned is to be human.To act is to care.
Noah Baumbach|Whenever we feel stressed out, that's a signal that our brain is pumping out stress hormones. If sustained over months and years, those hormones can ruin our health and make us a nervous wreck.
Paula Pell|A man must not deny his manifest abilities, for that is to evade his obligations.
James Bergson|Many people come and go,knowing not why they ever did so.A miserable thing can it be -unconscious of why thy Creator made thee.
Martin Kornfeld|If we all do one random act of kindness daily, we just might set the world in the right direction.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|We are out and we are alive, and everyone in the universe is out here right now.
C.S. Lewis, Studies in Words|Poetry most often communicates emotions, not directly, but by creating imaginatively the grounds for those emotions. It therefore communicates something more than the emotion; only by means of that something more does it communicate the emotion at all.
Stephen Magnus|Our minds,the future of tomorrow
Colin Farrell|I have this idyllic love life, but my mind just won't accept that. I would like to bring a new guy home every night. I try to make humor out of that situation.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|Do we really want to travel in hermetically sealed popemobiles through the rural provinces of France, Mexico and the Far East, eating only in Hard Rock Cafes and McDonalds? Or do we want to eat without fear, tearing into the local stew, the humble taqueria's mystery meat, the sincerely offered gift of a lightly grilled fish head? I know what I want. I want it all. I want to try everything once.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|I believe a Christian muffler shop owner should have the same right to refuse service to a gay couple, as a gay lifeguard has to refuse service to a drowning Christian.
Richard Hooker|We think the whole world's going to change, and forget that human beings are still human beings; we have the same five senses, we still interact the same way, we still love and hate the same way, but marketers lose track of that. But then it comes down to earth.
Walt Frazier, The Game Within the Game|The threats that resurfaced in the past 10 years were not an aberration. Al Qaeda and terrorism or one such threat, but it was actually not the most serious threat that the United States faced. The president can and should speak of foreseeing an era in which these threats don't exist, but you must not believe his own rhetoric. To the contrary, he must gradually ease the country away from the idea that threats to imperial power will ever subside, then l lead it to an understanding that these threats are the price Americans pay for the wealth and power they hold.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck|Youth, elastic and bright, disdains to be compelled. When conquered, from its very chains it forges implements for freedom; it alights from one baffled flight, only again to soar on untired wing towards some other aim. Previous defeat is made the bridge to pass the tide to another shore; and, if that break down, its fragments become stepping stones. It will feed upon despair, and call it a medicine which is to renovate its dying hopes.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Your fright is in your lies but your delight is in your ties,So better get together and fight for the right.
C.J. Carlyon, The Cherry House|I see your face, your smile and poetry comes flooding out of a heart that can't love you anymore...
Mark X., Citations: A Brief Anthology|And as they drifter up their minds sang with the ecstatic knowledge that either what they were doing was completely and utterly and totally impossible or that physics had a lot of catching up to do.Physics shook its head and, looking the other way, concentrated on keeping the cards going along the Euston Road and out over towards the Westway flyover, on keeping the street lights lit and on making sure that when somebody on Baker Street dropped a cheeseburger it went splat on the ground.
Gretchen de la O, Almost Eighteen|I found the only place I ever wanted to live again in this girl, right her in my arms. I leaned back just barely, ran my thumb from her brow o the tip of her nose and stopped at her lips, loving the way her eyes fluttered. “I’ll always come to you.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|It is the afternoon of my birthday, but still the morning of my life.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|I keep breaking things, as if to see what's going on inside of me.
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|I suspect that I’m not alone when it comes to altering my surroundings depending on how I feel at any particular moment: diving into a specific book, immersing inside a particular movie, devouring certain foods or humming to just the right song.
Mike Curb|We should never denigrate any other culture but rather help people to understand the relationship between their own culture and the dominant culture. When you understand another culture or language, it does not mean that you have to lose your own culture.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney, Autumnal Dancer|You are one woman in an endless line of women who were chosen to love more passionately than others, be committed to justice more fervently than others, and seek our Maker’s higher expressions more reflectively than others.
Sarvesh Jain, The Awakening Wisdom of Life: Probably the best Quotation Book in the world|Apology means nothing without change, you have to follow it up with action.
John Fowles, The Collector|You despise the real bourgeois classes for all their snobbishness and their snobbish voices and ways. You do, don't you? Yet all you put in their place is a horrid little refusal to have nasty thoughts or do nasty things or be nasty in any way. Do you know that every great thing in the story of art and every beautiful thing in life is actually what you call nasty or has been caused by feelings that you would call nasty? By passion, by love, by hatred, by truth. Do you know that?
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|For a second, I feel a sense of overwhelming grief: for how things change, for the fact that we can never go back. I'm not certain of anything anymore. I don't know what will happen--
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|This isn't the first time I've used this, and the test subject showed no signs of impaired cognitive ability.""Who was the test subject?" asked Aurora."I test everything out on myself before taking it into the field."She stared at him. "You zapped your own brain?""And it didn't do me any harm apart from the dizziness and the vomiting spells and the weirdly persistent ringing in my ears. Also the blackouts and the mood swings and the creeping paranoia. Apart from that, zero side effects, if you don't count the numb fingertips. Which I don't.
Clement G. Martin, Low Blood Sugar: The Hidden Menace of Hypoglycemia|For is there any practice less selfish, any labor less alienated, any time less wasted, than preparing something delicious and nourishing for people you love?
J. C. Watts|Unless children have strong education and strong families and strong communities and decent housing, it's not enough to go sit in at a lunch counter.
Michael Shermer|Strange that men, from age to age, should consent to hold their lives at the breath of another, merely that each in his turn may have a power of acting the tyrant according to the law! Oh, God! give me poverty! Shower upon me all the imaginary hardships of human life! I will receive them with all thankfulness. Turn me a prey to the wild beasts of the desert, so I be never again the victim of man, dressed in the gore-dripping robes of authority! Suffer me at least to call life, the pursuits of life, my own! Let me hold it at the mercy of the elements, of the hunger of the beasts, or the revenge of barbarians, but not of the cold-blooded prudence of monopolists and kings!
K.J. Wignall, Blood|Yet, despite all, it is a difficult thing to admit the existence of ghosts in a coldly factual world. One's very instincts rebel at the admission of such maddening possibility. For, once the initial step is made into the supernatural, there is no turning back, no knowing where the strange road leads except that it is quite unknown and quite terrible. ("Slaughter House")
Terry Pratchett|I just got another kitten, you know. Found another trademark. It's quite embarrassing I misse
Dante Alighieri, Paradiso|Grappling with fate is like meeting an expert wrestler: to escape, you have to accept the fall when you are thrown. The only thing that counts is whether you get back up.
Eugene B. Sledge|She wanted to tell him of the years she had spent looking for men such as he to work with; she wanted to tell him that his enemies were hers, that she was fighting the same battle...
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|Cal stares ahead, as if his eyes alone can set the entire world on fire. I think he wants to. That would make this easier.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|No,I just thought I'd shoot bullets out of my nose
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Fear, anxiety, stress and panic, all these are basic evolutionary expression of the human brain. They are part of the normal human condition.
Jackie Speier|To me, my brand is luxury, it's art, it's women, it's raw, it's urban.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences
Thomas Szasz|The system of nature, of which man is a part, tends to be self-balancing, self-adjusting, self-cleansing. Not so with technology.
Gary Younge|I can say infinite for you to stay, but sadly it only took one from you to break us away and us separate ways
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Broadmoor creeps into your blood, the walls touch the sky and the grounds suck you in, they’ve even got their own burial ground. We called it the ‘madman’s hole’, it smelt of fear; a stillness and even the birds seemed to have a stone face like their eyes were made of marble. So many monsters, men of hell, I don’t know how a sane man can keep sane in there.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|That brief walk was one of those moments he knew he'd remember and look back on, one of those moments that he'd try to capture in the stories he told. Nothing was happening, really, but the moment was thick with mattering.[p214]
Ava  Wilson, Crunky McBunky|Don't forget to be kind, you will make someone's day!
Samuel Jackson|Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|How you must hate Logres,” she said in a dry mouth. “Hate Logres?” He leaned back in his chair, shaking his head. “There is an anger that is deserved, Blanche. Tell me. Look me in the eye, if you can, and tell me—to my face—that Logres is without sin.
Tarryn Fisher, Atheists Who Kneel and Pray|Even to your old age and grey hairs I am he, I am he who will sustain you. I have loved you and I will carry you; I will sustain you and I will rescue you[.]
Mark Batterson, The Circle Maker: Praying Circles Around Your Biggest Dreams and Greatest Fears|Goal setting is good stewardship. Instead of letting things happen, goals help us make things happen. Instead of living by default, goals help us live by design. Instead of living out of memory, goals help us live out of imagination.
Monica Crowley|Leadership experts and the public alike extol the virtues of transformational leaders - those who set out bold objectives and take risks to change the world. We tend to downplay 'transactional' leaders, whose goals are more modest, as mere managers.
Sally Murphy, Pearl Verses the World|In the libraryI search for a good book.We have many books,says Mrs. Rose, the librarian,and ALL of them are good.Of course she says that. It's her job.But do I want to read about TrucksTrains and Transport? Or evenHorsesHouses and Hyenas?In the fiction cornerthere are pink boksfull of princessesand girls who want to be princessesand black booksabout bad boysand brave boysand brawny boys.Where is the bookabout a girlwhose poems don't rhymeand whose Granny is fading?Pearl, says Mrs. Rose, the bell has rung.I go back to classempty-handedempty headedempty-hearted.
Woody Allen, Without Feathers|Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Richard Flanagan|Tracker Marks was of a different opinion. Though he seemed more white than a white man, he had no time for their ways. For him his dress, his deportment was no different than staying downwind in the shadows of trees when hunting, blending into the world of those he hunted, rather than standing out from it. Once he had excelled at the emu dance & the kangaroo dance; then his talent led him to the whitefella dance, only now no-one was left of his tribe to stand around the fire & laugh & praise his talent for observation & stealthy imitation.The whites have no law, he told Capois Death, no dreaming. Their way of life made no sense whatsoever. Still, he did not hate them or despise them. They were stupid beyond belief, but they had a power, & somehow their stupidity & their power were, in Tracker Marks’s mind, inextricably connected. But how? he asked Capois Death. How can power & ignorance sleep together? Questions to which Capois Death had no answer.
Adoniemar|The simplest description is that Unschooling means a way of bringing up children using free play and child-directed activity to develop the child's own individual talents and creativity by supportively following up the child's own interests – without coercion, compulsion, manipulation, regimentation, constant testing and grading and rank-ordering, or top-down authoritarianism.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|She feels him scoot closer, the heat of him radiating off his chest and absorbing into her skin. His legs straddle her from behind, and he places delicate kisses along her shoulder, her back, the very center of her spine. Each time is like an electric current surging through her, soul stirring and lovely.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|What I believe to be true I must therefore preserve. What seems to me so obvious, even against me, I must support.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|My brain I'll prove the female to my soul; my soul the father: and these two beget a generation of still-breeding thoughts, and these same thoughts people this little world.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|Somewhere I read, if Apple is an school then Samsung is the brilliant student. In Indian market I can say that Micromax is the smartest student
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|You told us this place was haunted. How haunted is it?"Paul cast a quick glance at the house. "I'm not sure. When they found the bodies twenty years ago, the place became off-limits. That was horror enough. There were whispers of strange stuff going on before then, but no one is alive who could verify a thing. Somehow, an urban legend grew about the whole island. "Don't go near haunted Ormsby Island. They say a reporter went out alone one night just after the mass murder had been discovered and never came back. Since anyone who had committed the murders was either dead or gone at that point, it had to be the island itself that offed the reporter. Mitch, Ormsby Island isn't even on most maps of Charleston Harbor. Locals will turn away the moment you even say its name.
Sean Connery|It is always the same: women bedeck themselves with jewels and furs, and men with wit and quotations.
Corey Hawkins|The darker the film, the more vital everyone's sense of humor is on set.
Stephen Fry|Certainly the most destructive vice if you like, that a person can have. More than pride, which is supposedly the number one of the cardinal sins - is self pity. Self pity is the worst possible emotion anyone can have. And the most destructive. It is, to slightly paraphrase what Wilde said about hatred, and I think actually hatred's a subset of self pity and not the other way around - ' It destroys everything around it, except itself '. Self pity will destroy relationships, it'll destroy anything that's good, it will fulfill all the prophecies it makes and leave only itself. And it's so simple to imagine that one is hard done by, and that things are unfair, and that one is underappreciated, and that if only one had had a chance at this, only one had had a chance at that, things would have gone better, you would be happier if only this, that one is unlucky. All those things. And some of them may well even be true. But, to pity oneself as a result of them is to do oneself an enormous disservice.I think it's one of things we find unattractive about the american culture, a culture which I find mostly, extremely attractive, and I like americans and I love being in america. But, just occasionally there will be some example of the absolutely ravening self pity that they are capable of, and you see it in their talk shows. It's an appalling spectacle, and it's so self destructive. I almost once wanted to publish a self help book saying 'How To Be Happy by Stephen Fry : Guaranteed success'. And people buy this huge book and it's all blank pages, and the first page would just say - ' Stop Feeling Sorry For Yourself - And you will be happy '. Use the rest of the book to write down your interesting thoughts and drawings, and that's what the book would be, and it would be true. And it sounds like 'Oh that's so simple', because it's not simple to stop feeling sorry for yourself, it's bloody hard. Because we do feel sorry for ourselves, it's what Genesis is all about.
Sandra Kring, Carry Me Home|It just goes to show, never say never, or the next thing you know, you’ll be doing what you said you never would, owning a dog you swore you didn’t want and walking (or carrying) a tiny, totally enchanting little dog on a rhinestone-studded pink leash.
Beth Mikell, Hex upon Me|It didn’t take much to turn a man solitary-being the new guy too often, being controversial now and then, a couple of unsuccessful attempts at a lasting relationship with a woman…
Debasish Mridha|To be intelligent, be complex; to be wise, be simple.
Leo Tolstoy|If you walk into the front hallway of the CIA, you will see, on your left, a statue of William 'Wild Bill' Donovan. Bill Donovan was the person who created the OSS, the Office of Strategic Services, which was America's spy agency during World War II and then kind of morphed into what's now the CIA.
Charleen Goombs|Without passion, all the skill in world won't lift you above your craft
Ayushman Jamwal|It has the elegance of a sword The might of a shield,How you chose to fight or yieldIts your to wield.Identify your mind.Poem: The Beautiful Mindin ‘Chameleon Lights
Brianna Wiest|Holding on will not make something come back. In my experience, it actually pushes it farther away. You cannot go back and undo what’s done, my friends. You can only move forward. And if your deepest compulsions and instincts tell you that you’re meant to be with that person or doing that thing, you should let go and move forth and see how life takes you there. Clearly, things aren’t going according to your desired plan already, so why not throw caution to the wind and see where you end up.
Barry Gifford|Truth: last week I online shopped too much. Then I ate 2 pounds of jelly beans to feel better about that. In fact, while I was trying to read soul-nourishing things all I could think about was shopping and jellybeans. Points to the monkey mind.
Raymond E. Feist, Shards of a Broken Crown|I let my anger consume me.”“It’s understandable,” she said.“It may be understandable,” replied Pug, “but it is no more forgivable for being understandable.
Mary Oliver, Red Bird|So come to the pond, or the river of your imagination, or the harbor of your longing,and put your lips to the world.And live your life.
Kenya Wright, 420|Say it for me, Rainy. No other man.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|There is no destination; when you manifest the love, health, money you so desire and deserve, you will have the desire to manifest more. Your soul wants all these experiences and declaring your desires is just a way of directing you towards a pathway that will give you all the experiences you want on a deeper level. Fly up in your balloon, take your loved ones with you and while you are up there, make rainbows appear, just like I did.
Thom Hartmann|Honest and earnest criticism from those whose interests are most nearly touched,- criticism of writers by readers, of government by those governed, of leaders by those led, - this is the soul of democracy and the safeguard of modern society
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Would you not be happier if you tried to forget her severity, together with the passionate emotions it excited? Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs." - Helen Burns
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, CELLOGIRLS: Identity and Transformation in 2CELLOS Fan Culture|The head of Goldwater's California operation "what was so uncomfortable around people that he worked up a routine to deal with employees with whom he was forced to share an elevator: "Taken your vacation yet?" he would ask when they entered; answer took just long enough to deliver him to his fourth-floor office.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Oh! if the good hearts had the fat purses, how much better everything would go!
Diane Moody, Confessions of a Prayer Slacker|If we truly believe He is who He says He is, then we must acknowledge His sovereignty and know within our heart of hearts that what He allows to happen to us always has a purpose. Even on the darkest night. Even when our souls cry out in unspeakable pain. Even when we can't face another day. Even when we can't sense His presence. We hold on because we know He's holding on to us as well - whether it feels like it or not.
Tosca Lee, The Legend of Sheba: Rise of a Queen|It is harder for queens, who have no luxury of meekness. History does not know how to reconcile our ambition or our power when we are strong enough to survive it. The priests have no tolerance for those of us driven by the divine madness of questions. And so our stories are blackend from the fire of righteous indignation by those who envy our imagined fornications. We become temptresses, harlots, and heretics.I have been all and none of these, depending on who tells the tale.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|Being confident of this very thing, that He who has begun a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus Christ.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A deep kiss can put you in an emotional state of coma, sometimes in a reckless vulnerability, we lose virginity and sanity, and maybe our bond of love becomes strong or weak.
John Stuart Mill|I'm convinced of this: Good done anywhere is good done everywhere. For a change, start by speaking to people rather than walking by them like they're stones that don't matter. As long as you're breathing, it's never too late to do some good.
Jamie Magee, Embody|We think we can make honey without sharing in the fate of bees, but we are in truth nothing but poor bees, destined to accomplish our task and then die.
Vannetta Chapman, Joshua's Mission|Permission to disregard your orders, Underqueen." "Permission not granted. Permission categorically denied.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing|Let each man say what he deems truth, and let truth itself be commended unto God.
Sandra Harner, Ema's Odyssey: Shamanism for Healing and Spiritual Knowledge|It’s YOUR journey. Ask yourself who you are, where you want to go, and how you’d like to get there. Graciously accept advice from everyone, but don’t look left and right and wonder why you’re not taking the path of your peers. Enjoy the path you’re on and make the most of it. Carpe College!
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|I saw a news report recently that measured average video game use by American men between the ages of twenty-five and thirty-five: twenty hours per week. Do you mean the flower of America's masculinity can't think of anything more important to do with twenty hours a week than sit in front of a video screen? Folks, this ain't normal. Can't we unplug already?
Richard Dawkins|To receive all of the promised blessings, we must accept the gospel in faith and in full. However, this certain faith does not usually come all at once. We learn spiritually line upon line and precept upon precept.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|...we are taught to put fun and serious pursuits on a continuum as opposed extremes, when this dichotomy is entirely false, made even worse when we act as though we can instantly exchange one for the other...Exerting yourself at a task that is serious and rewarding can still be quite fun, but doing something fun because you have a neurotic need to pack your life full of un is pretty much a guarantee that any long-term benefits you derive will be entirely happenstance.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|one wonders how much real conversation there is when one party does not, in many districts, have to contend for the votes of minorities, and the other can only elevate minorities into positions of power when the political wind is blowing in its direction.
Eddie Redmayne|I'm a weird big guy. Doing rapping, doing movies. Do a lot of stuff. But always do things the right way.
Debasish Mridha|When you are angry—stop, breath, relax, step back, think, and forgive before you react.
Shon Mehta|Sometimes I feel I am destined for greater things, and then again sometimes I suspect that I am just an extra in epic movie.
C. JoyBell C.|In every relationship, the deeper the connection goes and the longer the time that passes between the two together— the more and more levels will be dug up which equates to more and more boulders being discovered, more and more buried cities unearthed... people know that a good and real relationship is one that "gets better and better" but then they don't understand what that means. "Getting better and better" doesn't mean "feeling better and better", it doesn't mean there is nothing but honey and dewdrops. "Better and better" means "more and more accomplished together" it means "stronger together" it means herculean victories and lilliputian victories and falling and rising. If, for every time you fall together, you rise together twice, that is a good, real relationship.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|Many people lack the basic equipment to be in a relationship and there's nothing you can do to change it. You can't take a skunk and dip it in perfume and hope it becomes a puppy. Eventually, the perfume will wear off and you'll still have a skunk on your hands.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Consequence|Sam groaned. A warmth on her face alerted her to the new morning. She opened one eye and peered at the fuzzy daylight streaming in through the window. Her head throbbed like a bitch. Her mouth felt like a carpet. She pushed herself off the couch and stood up shakily, kicking bottles as she stumbled to her small kitchen. Every movement was painful and slow. She was a sloth tight-roping through time. She held onto the basin for a moment to steady herself. She grabbed a plastic cup and opened the tap, letting it flow as she filled and refilled it, gulping down as much water as she could. She splashed her face, neck and chest with water, then refilled the cup and dumped the contents over her head. She stood there, unaware of the moments passing by, as the water dripped down her body. Willing herself to wake up and feel better. Willing the nausea into oblivion.
Kemi Sogunle|Progress does take time, it doesn’t matter how slowly or fast you go, it will sure come”.
Winston Graham, Ross Poldark|Patriotism means to stand by the people, not to stand by the party.
Shane Bauer|The only kinds of sexual dysfunction are abstinence, celibacy, and delayed marriage.
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|Ironically, the only way to see clearly is to stand at a distance. You might be focused, but that doesn't mean you are seeing correctly. Sometimes, you have you to grab the camera from the idiot taking all the shots in your life because they don't realize the lens is dirty.
Susan C. Young|Even if what you’re preparing for does not happen, your efforts aren’t for naught. With preparation comes knowledge of each situation, as well as the confidence to handle every new encounter with more grace and ease than the time before.
Sophocles, Antigone|Money! Money's the curse of man, none greater.That's what wrecks cities, banishes men from homes,Tempts and deludes the most well-meaning soul,Pointing out the way to infamy and shame." - Creon
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Death, No Fear|Just because we do not perceive something, it is not correct to say it does not exist.
Bryan Way, The Void|For the first time in his life, Stony felt it. It ran like a hot wire, up from his spine, to the base of his skull. His mouth opened on its own.He wanted to bite. He wanted to bite hard.
Jack Ma|Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.
Stephen Colbert|You learn that there's no right way to do it, no wrong way to do it. It's just what you feel comfortable with, to trust that, and don't let anybody box you in to a certain style of parenting or make you feel a certain way about what your kids do.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Who can tell us how to get along with each other better than God? Where can we turn for wisdom better than God’s Word, the Bible?
Darren Shan, Hunters of the Dusk|Goddamn it, do it yourself. You’re five hundred years old and you can’t use a telephone? Read the directions. What are you, an immortal idiot?
Blake Crouch, Unconditional|I cannot separate the man you are now from the boy you were then, and it's killing me. I wanted everything for you, son.I still do.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Are you preparing for another war, Plutarch?" I ask."Oh, not now. Now we're in a sweet period where everyone agrees that our recent horrors should never be repeated," he says. "But collective thinking is usually short-lived. We're fickle, stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for self-destruction. Although who knows? Maybe this will be it, Katniss.
Nick Cannon|I don't have famous neighbours and if I did, I'd avoid them. I don't live the jet-set.
Isadora Duncan|When I make art, I think about its ability to connect with others, to bring them into the process.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|How can we be so utterly perfect, and you chose the douche who doesn’t have the first clue what he has?
Richard Brookhiser|Depression can seem absurdly self aggrandizing to those who do not experience it, But that does not make it any less painful to those who do.
Gerald Hausman, The American Storybag|For [W. B.] Yeats magic was not so much a kind of poetry as poetry a kind of magic, and the object of both alike was evocation of energies and knowledge from beyond normal consciousness.
Andy Rooney|If you insist on disavowing that which is ugly about what you do," said Magnus, still looking at Alec, "you will never learn from your mistakes.
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|Every single one of them with their eyes open and on him, their mouths, too, halfway screaming, halfway begging. Offering themselves to him, because the call was irresistible despite being recognizable. They were moths who know what the to light is, know what it will do to them. And they come anyway.
Bear Grylls|I mean, in the last few months alone, I've been pinned in a big set of white-water rapids, been bitten by an angry snake in a jungle, had a close escapewith a big mountain rockfall, narrowly avoided being eaten by a huge croc in the Australian swamps, and had to cut away from my main parachute and come down on my reserve, some five thousand feet above the Arctic plateau.When did all this craziness become my world?It's as if - almost accidentally - this madness had become my life. And don't get me wrong - I love it all.The game, though, now, is to hang on to that life. Every day is the most wonderful of blessings, and a gift that I never, ever take for granted.Oh, and as for the scars, broken bones, aching limbs and sore back?I consider them just gentle reminders that life is precious - and that maybe, just maybe, I am more fragile than I dare to admit.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|They began to come upon chains and packsaddles, singletrees, dead mules, wagons. Saddletrees eaten bare of their rawhide coverings and weathered white as bone, a light chamfering of miceteeth along the edges of the wood. They rode through a region where iron will not rust nor tin tarnish. The ribbed frames of dead cattle under their patches of dried hide lay like the ruins of primitive boats upturned upon that shoreless void and they passed lurid and austere the black and desiccated shapes of horses and mules that travelers had stood afoot.
Michael R. Underwood, Geekomancy|How could I persuade the in-laws I was the right one for their daughter when, instead of focusing on small talk, all I could think about was not to kill them? I could only imagine what I'd say to the prospective in-laws, "Hello, it's a pleasure to eat, I mean, meet you.
Margaret Aranda|The structure of a 'writing schedule' is only there as a frame. You provide the image, the emotion, and the sentiment in your own time.
Stephen  Cave|If a thing is free to be good it is also free to be bad. And free will is what has made evil possible. Why, then, did God give them free will? Because free will, though it makes evil possible, is also the only thing that makes possible any love or goodness or joy worth having. A world of automata--of creatures that worked like machines--would hardly be worth creating. The happiness which God designs for His higher creatures is the happiness of being freely, voluntarily united to Him and to each other in an ecstasy of love and delight compared with which the most rapturous love between a man and a woman on this earth is mere milk and water. And for that they must be free.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I don't know Kitten," she said, zipping up her money belt, "but I'll tell you one thing--if it were a book, I wouldn't be able to put it down.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We perish, when we lose hope.
Billy Sothern, Down in New Orleans: Reflections from a Drowned City|According to the 2003 data from the U.S. Census Bureau, 25.8 percent of [New Orleans] population lives below the poverty line... This is more than twice the national average, but is close tot he percentages in other American cities such as Miami (28.5), Los Angeles (22.1), Atlanta (24.4), and New York City (21.2). 
Chamera Sampson|I'm really too young to go out into the world alone," he thought as he lay down
David Jeremiah, What In the World Is Going On?: 10 Prophetic Clues You Cannot Afford to Ignore|The great danger of law in modern student affairs practice is apathy, acceptance, and blind disobedience.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Life is a war. Guerrilla warfare, the strategy
Dai Sijie, Once on a Moonless Night|Is there just one single love in a lifetime? Are all our lovers ― from the first to the last, including the most fleeting ― part of that unique love, and is each of them merely an expression of it, a variation, a particular version? In the same way that in literature there is just one true masterpiece to which different writers give a particular form (taking the twentieth century alone: Joyce, who explores everything happening inside his character;s head with microscopic precision; Proust, for whom the present is merely a memory of the past; Kafka, who drifts on the margins between dream and reality; the blind Borges, probably the one I relate to best, etc).
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|To us, it is incomprehensible that millions of Christian men killed and tortured each other because Napoleon was ambitious or Alexander was firm, or because England's policy was astute or the Duke of Oldenburg was wronged. We cannot grasp what connection such circumstances have the with the actual fact of slaughter and violence: why because the Duke was wronged, thousands of men from the other side of Europe killed and ruined the people of Smolensk and Moscow and were killed by them.
Saleem Haddad|But in the midst of this decaying, burning city, there are pockets of hope. It can be found in the tiny dark rooms in underground bars, where women with short hair cheer on men in dresses. It can be felt in abandoned cinemas where anonymous strangers fall in love if only for a few moments, and in the living rooms where families crowd around, drinking sweet black tea and Skyping their homesick relatives so that together they can watch the long, rambling talk shows that go on all night.
Dhaval Gajera, Tomorrow Today|We are all made good and positive declaration about the year 2015. We are all expecting breakthroughs in our lives, new things to happen to give us life changing. Guess what my friends, nothing is going to happen without action. We can't fold our hands and expect life changing or expect others to do it for us, that's impossible. The Bible says, 'God will bless you in all your work and in everything you put your hand to (Deut.15:10). That means whatever we are expecting to happen today has to come out of hands. God promotes hard work and hard work is honourable.
Edward Abbey, Beyond the Wall: Essays from the Outside|One mile farther and I come to a second grave beside the road, nameless like the other, marked only with the dull blue-black stones of the badlands. I do not pause this time. The more often you stop the more difficult it is to continue. Stop too long and they cover you with rocks.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With prayer, we can endure the pain.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Plutarch taught me high thoughts; he elevated me above the wretched sphere of my own reflections, to admire and love the heroes of past ages. Many things I read surpassed my understanding and experience. I had a very confused knowledge of kingdoms, wide extents of country, mighty rivers, and boundless seas. This book developed new and mightier scenes of action. I read of men concerned in public affairs, governing or massacring their species. I felt the greatest ardour for virtue rise within me, and abhorrence for vice.
Lakshmy Menon Chatterjee|I cannot imagine a sentence more severe than a person limited not by his or her own abilities but by the opinions and expectations of others. And having been made to organize in such a way, comes the remuneration, but no penance or escape.
Ben Caesar|Once you succeed at everything you realize the ultimate truth. Everything is useless, nothing is permanent, pleasure lasts but a second and is quickly deadened. All ambition is but chasing after the wind. No drug, no lover, no victory, no conquest, no invention, no discovery, no amount of wealth or passion could ever fill the gaping void in the center where the soul is supposed to be but isn't. All pursuits are a distraction against the inevitability of death. Even achieving the crown dream of humanity, immortality and youth eternal, is but a pitiful delay in the face of the inevitable destruction of all things.
Stephen Fry|I’ve found that it’s of some help to think of one’s moods and feelings about the world as being similar to weather. Here are some obvious things about the weather:It's real. You can't change it by wishing it away.If it's dark and rainy, it really is dark and rainy, and you can't alter it.It might be dark and rainy for two weeks in a row.BUTit will be sunny one day.It isn't under one's control when the sun comes out, but come out it will.One day.It really is the same with one's moods, I think. The wrong approach is to believe that they are illusions. Depression, anxiety, listlessness - these are all are real as the weather - AND EQUALLY NOT UNDER ONE'S CONTROL. Not one's fault.BUTThey will pass: really they will.In the same way that one really has to accept the weather, one has to accept how one feels about life sometimes, "Today is a really crap day," is a perfectly realistic approach. It's all about finding a kind of mental umbrella. "Hey-ho, it's raining inside; it isn't my fault and there's nothing I can do about it, but sit it out. But the sun may well come out tomorrow, and when it does I shall take full advantage.
Stephen Richards|Winning is great, but if it's not enough then then you'll never have enough!
Jevon L. Mack, Love, Song & Dance|What do we have here?” Grant slurs at me. He seems different and it raises flags in my mind. His fingers wrap around a section of my hair and it scares me. His face is flushed red and his eyes are glassy and bright. I can smell the smoky scent of whiskey or scotch rolling off his tongue as he speaks and breathes heavily.“I’m lost and I need a ride home.” My voice wavers as I speak and I hate it. I fist my hands in the hem of my blazer.“I’ll get Albert for you, but first spend some time with me,” he slurs again, sounding like his tongue is too large for his mouth. As if sensing my attention, the tip of his tongue sneaks out and slides along his supple bottom lip. He smiles as he tastes the alcohol that’s staining his mouth. His eyes are bright and shiny and glazed over. He has a smirk on his face that shows off his dimple. It no longer reminds me of Whitt. It seems sinister and dangerous- promising something I’m not ready to experience.The feel of his fingers playing with my hair gives me goosebumps and I shiver as my scalp tightens, sucking up the pleasant attention. I do my first stupid-girl moment of my life. I shameless crush on a guy and let it turn my thoughts to mush.“Okay, if you promise to call Albert first.” I try to negotiate with him and he gives me a naughty smirk for agreeing.He backs me up with his physical presence. His front touches mine- chest-to-chest. His lips part and breathes the smoky, whiskey scent onto my chin. My back hits the door behind me with an audible thump. He reaches around me and I don’t wince. I anticipate him touching me and crave it. Instead, his hand twists the doorknob by my hip and I fall backwards.I’m pushed into a dark room until my legs connect with the edge of a bed. I can’t see anything, and the only sound is our combined breathing. I feel alive with caution. I’m aware of every hair, every nerve on my flesh. My senses are so in-tuned that I can feel my system pumping the blood through my veins nourishing my whole body.
Samuel R. Delany, Dhalgren|You meet a new person, you go with him and suddenly you get a whole new city...you go down new streets, you see houses you never saw before, pass places you didn't even know were there. Everything changes.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|I wanted to go in and tell them that, but George thought it would just be stirring up some trouble, you know, stirring up the cow pile. A cow pile may looked dried up, but if you stir it up, it can start to stink again.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|You talk as if Bea were a trophy.''No, as if she were a blessing,' Fermin corrected.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Even if index numbers cannot fulfill the demands that theory has to make, they can still, in spite of their fundamental shortcomings and the inexactness of the methods by which they are actually determined, perform useful workaday services for the politician. If we have no other aim in view than the comparison of points of time that lie close to one another, then the errors that are involved in every method of calculating numbers may be so far ignored as to allow us to draw certain rough conclusions from them. Thus, for example, it becomes possible to a certain extent to span the temporal gap that lies, in a period of variation in the value of money, between movements of Stock Exchange rates and movements of the purchasing power that is expressed in the prices of commodities.
Natalya Vorobyova|People say hate is like a poison — but they're wrong. It's like a drug. You never forget your first hit, how it seduces you with its strength and power, and takes you completely by storm. It colors your world in light and meaning, until you wonder how you ever managed to get by without it. And then, eventually, you get to a point where you can't. It takes over your life, until hating becomes your reason for living.
Graham Elliot|When you see a bad romantic comedy, you see the script, the director, and the actors trying to create this warmth and this pathos and this feeling that you care about them. That cannot be manufactured - it's either there or it isn't.
Amy Lane|Don’t worry, due’ane,” He murmured lowly....“Who’s Dewey Anne.” I asked him, voice gruff. He was so familiar, this Bracken, but so strange, naked next to me. I could touchhim, I realized with wonder. I could run my hands from his flank to his shoulder, and he would welcome the touch because he was mine.You are.” He whispered, and I met his eyes. “It’s elfish, the feminine nounfor ‘other equal half’. You are my other. My everything.”--Wounded(Bracken and Cory)
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you will be deep enough to concentrate and study or rehearse anything, the world will bow in honor to you.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|The formal operational thinker has the ability to consider many different solutions to a problem before acting. This greatly increases efficiency, because the individual can avoid potentially unsuccessful attempts at solving a problem. The formal operational person considers past experiences, present demands, and future consequences in attempting to maximize the success of his or her adaptation to the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich|There are things known—things experienced, felt, and understood—that words hold no power to convey. Attempting to do so only dilutes their substance and does them injustice.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|I see foxes often, but always they are crossing fallow fields in the distance. Gold flecks on faraway expanses of green. Magnetic to the meandering eye. Enigmatic, unreachable.
Michael   Lewis|When an idea for solving a problem suddenly presents itself, ask yourself if all circumstances related to the problem were properly analyzed.
Daniel Alexander Brackins, Private Property, Law, and the State|Happiness seems to depend on leisure, because we work to have leisure, and wage war to live in peace.
Louise Cooper, The Master|What use is Order without Chaos to challenge its rule? And by the same standard, what lies ahead for us if nothing opposes our ways?
Susan Dennard, Something Strange and Deadly|When the options are few, we can be happy with what we choose since we are confident that it is the best possible choice for us. When the options are practically infinite, though, we believe that the perfect choice for us must be out there somewhere and that it’s our responsibility to find it. Choosing can become a lose-lose situation: if we make a choice quickly without fully exploring the available options, we’ll regret potentially missing out on something better; if we do exhaustively consider all the options, we’ll expend more effort (which won’t necessarily increase the quality of our final choice), and if we discover other good options, we may regret that we can’t choose them all.
Thomas Levenson, The Hunt for Vulcan: . . . And How Albert Einstein Destroyed a Planet, Discovered Relativity, and Deciphered the Universe|God help those who have the wit to quote themselves, that they may reap the harvest of their ideas.
Dianna Hardy, The Last Dragon|Had I told the seaWhat I felt for you,It would have left its shores,Its shells,Its fish,And followed me.
John Richard Stephens, Hawai'i Bathroom Book, The|No alien land in all the world has any deep strong charm for me but one, no other land could so longingly and so beseechingly haunt me, sleeping and waking, through half a lifetime, as that one has done. Other things leave me, but it abides me; other things change, but it remains the same. For me its balmy airs are always blowing, its summer seas flashing in the sun; the pulsing of it surfbeat is in my ear; I can see its garland crags, its leaping cascades, its plumy palms drowsing by the shore, its remote summits floating like islands above the cloud wrack; I can feel the woodland solitudes, I can hear the splash of its brooks; in my nostrils still lives the breath of flowers that perished twenty years ago. -MARK TWAIN in an 1889 Dinner Speech at Delmonico's in New York to honor two baseball teams that had just returned from touring the Pacific, including Honolulu.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|At a trade show, someone said, "You'll get in trouble for that." I replied,"Are they going to call the trade show police?
Auliq Ice|There are authors who write to communicate, there are authors who write to impress themselves.
Gabriel García Márquez|Carmelia Montiel, a twenty-year-old virgin, had just bathed in orange-blossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on Pilar Ternera's bed when the shot rang out. Aureliano José had been destined to find with her the happiness that Amaranta had denied him, to have seven children, and to die in her arms of old age, but the bullet that entered his back and shattered his chest had been directed by a wrong interpretation of the cards.
Francis Spufford|Libya is a good example of a country that has come to a realization that weapons of mass destruction threaten more than assure, and I hope that will be followed by others.
Leo Tolstoy, The Kingdom of God Is Within You|In the midst of winter, I find within me the invisible summer...
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|On the fifth day, they told my parents I was on the bottom of the chart, and there was nothing else they could do.
James Hauenstein|I still believe this Life is a good joke. And if you treat it that way, you will never stop laughing.
Robert Kiyosaki|Sometimes failure isn't an opportunity in disguise, it's just you.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Of course he'll bring no money. Nor never will. He's not the type to--accumulate. But it's a good name to have. And he's becoming a personality in the county. One never knows quite why this happens, eh? Not so much what a man does. More a matter of character.
Auliq Ice|I'm supposed to hate you for what you did, I think. But her eyes linger on me in a way that refuses to let me.
Paulo Coelho, The Fifth Mountain|Man needs to choose, not just accept his destiny.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|To begin by always thinking of love as an action rather than a feeling is one way in which anyone using the word in this manner automatically assumes accountability and responsibility. We are often taught we have no control over our "feelings." Yet most of us accept that we choose our actions, that intention and will inform what we do. We also accept that our actions have consequences. To think of actions shaping feelings is one way we rid ourselves of conventionally accepted assumptions such as that parents love their children, or that one simply "falls" in love without exercising will or choice, that there are such things as "crimes of passion," i.e. he killed her because he loved her so much. If we were constantly remembering that love is as love does, we would not use the word in a manner that devalues and degrades its meaning.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|It is useless to dream of revolution through content, useless to dream of a revelation through form, because the medium and the real are now in a single nebula whose truth is indecipherable.
Jen Turano, A Most Peculiar Circumstance|...your personality is the only permanent thing in your, ultimately, temporary life...that's all the more reason to cherish it...
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Wife|God is always waiting for us to come to Him, so we can be set free from anything that keeps us from becoming more like Him. To the children of Israel in bondage in Egypt, God said He saw their oppression, heard their cry, and knew their sorrows, so He came to deliver them (Exodus 3:7-8). Know that He will do the same for you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The key to organizational success is to integrate next generation of leaders, tap into their way of looking at the world, solve problems in a very collaborative working style.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Jealous, adj. Unduly concerned about the preservation of that which can be lost only if not worth keeping.
Marvin Hagler|I was completely unhealthy, obese, so I committed to running three miles every morning for six months and following a strict diet, and 100 pounds came off.
Michael Brown|There is no separation between the gospel and culture, between how we live in society and how we live in our private lives, between the lordship of Jesus inside the four walls of a church building and outside that building.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If thousand people say you can't, and you alone believe you can, you will make it happen! But if million people say you can, and you alone believe you can't, you can't make it happen. It all depends on you!
Preeti Shenoy, It Happens for a Reason|There is something wonderful about old friends. They know everything about you, have been a part of your life for so long, that you can seamlessly pick up right where you left off.
Tracy March, Could've Said Yes|I decided I wasn’t ready for whatever this is.” He lifted her chin, and kissed her gently, his heart hammering. “I couldn’t risk… what might happen.”	“What made you change your mind?” she asked, her lips inches from his.	He wrapped her in his arms, pressing her close. “It was a bigger risk if I didn’t take the chance.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|No matter how much you love someone, you still want to have you own way.
Shmuley Boteach, 10 Conversations You Need to Have with Your Children|Our lives are nothing but a short span of time. And if we spend tons of time earning money that we simply throw away, then we're throwing away part of our potential.
Clara Mamet|When Jonathan Winters died, it was like, 'Oh, man!' I knew he was frail, but I always thought he was going to last longer. I knew him as being really funny, but at the same time, he had a dark side.
Dorothy Day|When it comes down to it, even on the natural plane, it is much happier and more enlivening to love than to be loved.
Walter O'Brien|I was about nine years old when a teacher administered my IQ test. Unfortunately, as I was nine, I didn't know that I needed to keep the paperwork for future reference.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|We still have time," Kell assured him, getting to his feet."How do you know?" asked Hastra. "We can't hear the bells down here, and there are no windows to gauge the light." "Magic," Kell said, and then, when Hastra's eyes widened, he gestured to the hourglass sitting on the table with his other tools. "And that.
Sara Gruen, At the Water's Edge|He's sleeping, Mr. Kim." Sehun muttered. "Don't disturb him.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|That's the big picture, your happiness. And health. You should never care what a man thinks of you -- until he demonstrates to you that he cares about making you happy. If he isn't trying to make you happy, then send him back from "whence" he came because winning him over will have no benefit. At the end of the day, happines, joy...and yes...your emotional stability...those comprise the only measuring stick you really need to have.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|In the distance,far over there, only the eyes can travel when the body is weary.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Everything is temporary, almost like a passing fase, some of laughter Some of pain. What we would do, If we had the chance to explore What we had taken for Granted the very day before, Some would say I'm selfish, To hold a little sadness in my eyes, But they don't feel the sorrow When I can't do, all that helps me feel alive. I can express my emotions, but I can't run wild and free, My mind and soul would handle it but hell upon my hip, ankle and knees, This disorder came about,as a friendship said its last goodbyes, Soooo this is what I got given for all the years I stood by? I finally stand still to question it, life it is in fact? What the fuck is the purpose of it all if you get stabbed in the back? And after the anger fills the air, the regret takes it places, I never wanted to be that girl, Horrid, sad and faded... So I took with a grain of salt, my new found reality, I am not of my pain,the disability doesnt define me. I find away to adjust, also with the absence of my friend,I trust the choices I make, allow my heart to mend. I pick up the piecesI retrain my leg, I find where I left off And I start all over again, You see what happens... When a warrior gets tested; They grow from the ashes Powerful and invested. So I thank all this heartache,As I put it to a rest, I move forward with my life And I'll build a damn good nest.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|Memory weaves and traps us at the same time according to a scheme in which we do not participate: we should never speak of our memory, for it is anything but ours; it works on its own terms, it assists us while deceiving us or perhaps deceives up to assist us.
Mike Dooley|The average personality reshapes frequently, every few years even our bodies undergo a complete overhaul - desirable or not, it is a natural thing that we should change. All right, here were two people who never would change. That is what Mildred Grossman had in common with Holly Golightly. They would never change because they'd been given their character too soon; which, like sudden riches, leads to a lack of proportion: the one had splurged herself into a top-heavy realist, the other a lopsided romantic.
Michael Hogan|The hushing of the criticism of honest opponents is a dangerous thing. It leads some of the best of the critics to unfortunate silence and paralysis of effort, and others to burst into speech so passionately and intemperately as to lose listeners.
John F. Kennedy|I'm not weeping for what I've lost ... I'm just grateful to the Lord, grateful that he gave me so much. ... Praise the Almighty God for what he gave me, for such love and such joy.
Elizabeth Bear, Karen Memory|You see, Risa, survival is a dance between our needs and our consciences. When the need is great enough, and the music loud enough, we can stomp conscience into the ground.'Risa closes her eyes. She knows the dance...'It's the way of the world,' Divan continues. 'Look at unwinding, society's grand gavotte of denial. There will, no doubt, come a time when people look to one another and say, 'My God, what have we done?' But I don't believe it will happen any time soon. Until then, the dance must have music; the chorus must have its voice. Give it that voice, Risa. Play for me.'But Risa's fingers offer him nothing, and the Orgao Organico holds the obdurate, unyielding silence of the grave.
Friedrich Schleiermacher, Brief Outline of Theology as a Field of Study|If we look into the matter of how Christian theology rose in the beginning, the Christian Church was always already earlier, and thus even now for each individual the Christian Church is earlier than theology.
Danny DeVito|When I sing, I feel like when you're first in love. It's more than sex. It's that point two people can get to they call love, when you really touch someone for the first time, but it's gigantic, multiplied by the whole audience. I feel chills.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|As a rule,I believe people shouldn't follow rules;rules should follow people.
Three Days Grace, Three Days Grace|If you feel so emptySo used up, so let downIf you feel so angrySo ripped off so stepped onYou're not the only oneRefusing to back downYou're not the only oneSo get up
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|The aspirant has to be guided by a mentor. The stage at which this guidance can take effect is seldom, if ever, perceptible to the learner.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|Chromatacia…society…ruled by a colortocracy…social hierarchy based upon one's limited color perception, society is dominated by color. In this world, you are what you can see.
Mahatma Gandhi|I feel like a child who has found a wonderful trail in the woods. Countless others have gone before and blazed the trail, but to the child it's as new and fresh as if it had never been walked before. The child is invariably anxious for others to join in the great adventure. It's something that can only be understood by actual experience. Those who've begun the journey, and certainly those who've gone further than I, will readily understand what I am saying.
Thomas A. Edison|As a reformed procrastinator, I'm now getting things done in the first 10 seconds of the last minute.
Lysander Spooner|It's tough and it should be tough - it should never be easy to be given millions of pounds to make a drama. The coalition government is doing terrible things to the BBC, but drama will survive even if we end up putting on a play in a backroom of a pub.
Sarah Ruhl, Eurydice|Orpheus said the mind is a slide ruler. It can fit around anything. Show me your body, he said. It only means one thing.
Pang-Mei Natasha Chang, Bound Feet & Western Dress|Watch people when they win, and you will learn something. But watch them when they lose, and you will learn even more.
William Styron|On Major Depression, quoted by the great William Styron of Sophie's Choice & Darkness Visible:From Darkness Visible, William Styron"It is a positive and active anguish, a sort of psychical neuralgia, wholly unknown to normal life.
Ehsan Sehgal|Sometimes the real action in a conversation takes place in the pauses, when nothing at all is being said.
Adi Shankaracarya|There are no ordinary people. The blur or everyday reality has created a world in which most of us have forgotten our unique and sacred existence...it is [our] true self, once discovered, that enables us to understand more clearly the nature of our world, and our own existence.
William Paul Young|There is something joyful about storms, that interrupt routine. Snow or freezing rain suddenly releases you from expectations, performance demands, and the tyranny of appointments and schedules. And unlike illness, it is largely a corporate, rather than individual experience. One could almost hear a unified sigh rise from the nearby city and surrounding countryside, where nature has intervened to give respite to the weary humans slogging it out within her purview. All those affected this way are united by a mutual excuse, and the heart is suddenly, and unexpectedly, a little giddy. There will be no apologies needed for not showing up to some commitment or other. Everyone understands and shares in this singular justification, and the sudden alleviation of the pressure to produce makes the heart merry....Even if it's hardly more than a day or two, somehow each person feels like the master of his or her own world, simply because those little droplets of water freeze as they hit the ground. Even commonplace activities become extraordinary. Routine choices become adventures and are often experienced with a sense of heightened clarity.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|We all know that it is women who take the decisions, but we have to let men think that the decisions are theirs. It is an act of kindness on the part of women.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries: When to Say Yes, How to Say No to Take Control of Your Life|It's important to understand that your no is always subject to you. You own your boundaries. They don't own you. If you set limits with someone, and she responds maturely and lovingly, you can renegotiate the boundary. In addition, you can change the boundary if you are in a safer place.
Isabella L. Bird, Unbeaten Tracks in Japan|‎"I feel certain that Conservatism is through unless Conservatives can demonstrate and communicate the difference between being concerned with [the unemployed, the sick without medical care, human welfare, etc.] and believing that the federal government is the proper agent for their solution.
Heidi Schulz, Hook's Revenge|Do not be in a hurry, wait for the harvest.
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|Yoga is bringing fitness in body, calmness in mind, kindness in heart and awareness in life.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When we live in ignorance, we live in darkness and that is where the devil rules.
Jack London|From Martin Eden on submitting manuscripts: "There was no human editor at the other end, but a mere cunning arrangement of cogs that changed the manuscript from one envelope to another and stuck on the stamps. It was like the slot machines wherein one dropped pennies, and, with a metallic whirl of machinery had delivered to him a stick of chewing-gum or a tablet of chocolate. It depended upon which slot one dropped the penny in, whether he got chocolate or gum. And so with the editorial machine. One slot brought checks and the other brought rejection slips. So far he had found only the latter slot.
Rufus Sewell|My approach as an actor has always been the same, in that the greatest gift that you're ever going to have is your imagination because you're not going to have all life experiences. So you draw on things that are sort of close to it but you spend your time expanding on it or drawing something specific on whatever your situation is.
Kristine K. Stevens, If Your Dream Doesn't Scare You, It Isn't Big Enough: A Solo Journey Around the World|When we saw a destitute-looking man trying to sell worn flip-flops, I vowed never to complain about a job again. When I considered the steady paycheck and quality of life it provided, my past gripes - primarily boring meetings, back-biting office politics and pantyhose - were just whining.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|People love books because they're searching for answers to deep, unconscious questions - and books get as close as it's possible to get.
Aliki|The day she was born,her grandfather made her a ring of silver and a polished stone, because he loved her already.
Laura Kasischke, White Bird in a Blizzard|Still, for sixteen years I saw the way he passed the butter dish across the dining room table to her, as if he wished it could be more, as if he wished she could life the lid and precious gems would spill over her dinner, as if that might finally make her happy- an inedible, improvident gift, like easy, unexpected laughter.
Vironika Tugaleva|The most dangerous way we sabotage ourselves is by waiting for the perfect moment to begin. Nothing works perfectly the first time, or the first fifty times. Everything has a learning curve. The beginning is just that - a beginning. Surrender your desire to do it flawlessly on the first try. It's not possible. Learn to learn. Learn to fail. Learn to learn from failing. And begin today. Begin now. Stop waiting.
Hans W. Silvester, Into the Wind: The Art of the Kite|This intriguing 'somewhere else,' where intelligence no longer matters and awareness melts away, commands us to cherish our remains of innocence -- because of all the characteristics of human nature, the richest by far is passion for the perfectly useless.
Ron Koertge, Margaux with an X|Margaux looks around the table; this is not working. All of a sudden she's thinking about a safe room, something she's only heard of but suddenly wants: water, oxygen, bulletproof door, dead bolts, a thousand books. Utterly quiet. Completely silent. No girls she barely knows in saggy leather pants, no girls in mesh strippers' gloves and jeans sanded thin as a bee's wing, and no girls who can't stay home one night a year because they are always and forever out. On their way to. Coming from.And then her heart open. Just a little, but it does. Because she remembers all that. How she felt then: the self-reproach, the utter confusion... That's why her heart opens. For those girls at the table who always feel baffled and sad, tender and malign, repulsive and desirable, innocent and contemptuous of innocence.So she cries. For them, mostly. For herself a little... everything hesitates. So that for a second there's no sound in the enormous room but that of Margaux sobbing.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|When you love someone, they become a part of who you are. They're in everything you do. They're in the air you breathe and the water you drink and the blood in your veins. Their touch stays on your skin and their voice stays in your ears and their thoughts stay in your mind. You know their dreams because their nightmares pierce your heart and their good dreams are your dreams too. And you don't think they're perfect, but you know their flaws, the deep-down truth of them, and the shadows of all their secrets, and they don't frighten you away; in fact you love them more for it, because you don't want perfect. You want them. You want—"He broke off then, as if realizing everyone was looking at him again."You want what?" said Dru with enormous eyes."Nothing," Julian said. "I'm just talking.
Sunday Adelaja|God the Father wants us to know Him. We can only know Him through Christ, and our relationship with Christ brings forth eternal life! You see Christ is our salvation. Salvation is notsomething outside of Him, He is our salvation Himself.
John Hersey|No one should fear to undertake any task in the name of our Saviour, if it is just and if the intention is purely for His holy service.
Wole Soyinka, Climate of Fear: The Quest for Dignity in a Dehumanized World|So, once again, back to the question - just what IS power?Is it perhaps no more than a deadly mutation of ambition, one that may or may not translate into social activity? Any fool, any moron, any psychopath can aspire to the seizure and exercise of power, and of course the more psychopathic, the more efficient: Hitler, Pol Pot, Idi Amin, Sergeant Doe and the latest in the line of the unconscionably driven, our own lately departed General Sanni Abacha - all have proved that power, as long as you are sufficiently ruthless, amoral and manipulative, is within the grasp of even the mentally deficient.
Jeff Buckley|Everybody's opinion is equally valid, and I feel like everybody should have an opportunity to speak out, and everyone should have the courage to speak out.
joey tempest|Only you can answer my cries, I’ve been waiting for the angels to knock on my door, I’ve been hopin' that everything could be like before
Oscar Niemeyer|All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too; the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order; order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|Heroes don’t seek attention. But they show up continually in the little things. Train your eyes to look for them. They may not be as loud as the headlines or newsfeeds. But they’re all around you, multitudes of them. Train your eyes and listen with your heart… Both rightfully know that the quiet things, the little things, they are the big things. They are far more important than the noise of the world.
Stephanie Landsem, The Thief|The field of financial innovation, without rules that tie it to human productive output will be the cause of the next revolution.
Fulton J. Sheen|Unless there is a Good Friday in your life, there can be no Easter Sunday.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|If people were kinder, the world might cease weeping.
Sontag, Susan|There's a long-standing debate in the media biz over whether the news outlets should give the public what it wants, or what it needs. This debate presupposes that media execs actually know what it wants or needs. And that there actually is a unitary "public.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|There is an old saying that goes 'Start by plucking a hair, end by killing a man'. It is also said, 'Two hands must meet to make a sound'. The atrocities that happened here weren't carried out by strangers - it was us, the people who'd once lived together harmoniously in the same village.""They say it was the superstitious freaks who did it.""No, it was Satan who did it.""Come now, what sort of a ghost is that?"Ryu Yosop replied, "It is the black thing that lives in the heart of every man.
DeAnna Kinney|Yeah, I’ll believe that the day you give up your lip balm.”I gasped. “Never. Without it my lips feel naked and alone.” (Charity Rising)
Q-Tip|I think the rise of China is one of the great events of all economic and human history, and I think this will be overwhelmingly a positive thing for the region and the world.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|You are a drop of perfect in an imperfect world. and all I need, is a taste
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Rejecting joy to stand in solidarity with the suffering doesn't rescue the suffering the converse does. The brave who focus and all things good and all things beautiful to give thanks for it and discover joy even in the here and now, they are the change agent to bring the fullest night to all the world.
Tracy March, Tempted in the Tropics|He’s wearing black boxer briefs that strain against his hips, and again I wonder why I never found men with muscles that sexy before. I mean, this man is pure physical perfection, and if he didn’t hate me so much, he’d be ideal.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|I looked at the piles of plates and cups, and kettles, and bottles and jars, and pies and stoves, and cakes, and tomatoes, &c., and felt that the thing would soon become exciting. It did. They started with breaking a cup. That was the first thing they did. They did that just to show you what they COULD do, and to get you interested.
Sunday Adelaja|To be productive, effective and to live a life of understanding and wisdom is not to waste time
Neil Gaiman|Remember: when people tell you something’s wrong or doesn’t work for them, they are almost always right. When they tell you exactly what they think is wrong and how to fix it, they are almost always wrong.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|It has always been a mystery to me how Adam, Eve, and the serpent were taught the same language. Where did they get it? We know now, that it requires a great number of years to form a language; that it is of exceedingly slow growth. We also know that by language, man conveys to his fellows the impressions made upon him by what he sees, hears, smells and touches. We know that the language of the savage consists of a few sounds, capable of expressing only a few ideas or states of the mind, such as love, desire, fear, hatred, aversion and contempt. Many centuries are required to produce a language capable of expressing complex ideas. It does not seem to me that ideas can be manufactured by a deity and put in the brain of man. These ideas must be the result of observation and experience.
Fahad Rashiq|Anyone who'd ever kept a secret could tell you, the bigger the secret, the more draining it was to carry around with you. Every second, of every minute, of every day, lying to the people around you. Waiting for the inevitable moment that the truth would come out and you would have to deal with the fallout.It was exhausting.
Alice McDermott|All the intelligence and talent in the world can't make a singer. The voice is a wild thing. It can't be bred in captivity. It is a sport, like the silver fox. It happens.
Ryōkan|When all thoughtsAre exhaustedI slip into the woodsAnd gatherA pile of shepherd's purse.Like the little streamMaking its wayThrough the mossy crevicesI, too, quietlyTurn clear and transparent.
Edith Hamilton|Genius moves to creation, not to destruction. Only a very few have combined both.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|...whatever you do, you’ll never kill my love. I love you! It’s only now that I realize I can’t imagine my life without you
Debasish Mridha|When we are kind and forgiving, we will be forgiven.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|First: each person is to have an equal right to the most extensive liberty compatible with similar liberty for others. Second: social and economic inequalities are to be arranged so that they are both (a) reasonably expected to be to everyone's advantage, and (b) attached to positions and offices open to all.
Warren Buffett|I hope that posterity will judge me kindly, not only as to the things which I have explained, but also to those which I have intentionally omitted so as to leave to others the pleasure of discovery.
Stan Slap|Leadership creates performance in people because it impacts willingness; it’s a matter of modeling, inspiring, and reinforcing.
Mira Nair|That no government, so called, can reasonably be trusted, or reasonably be supposed to have honest purposes in view, any longer than it depends wholly upon voluntary support.
Avril Lavigne|You can't kick me down, I'm already on the ground. No, you can't, but you couldn't catch me anyhow.Blue skies, but the sun isn't comming out, no. Today, it is like I'm under a heavy cloud."Avril Lavigne (Runaway)
Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels|I love these pet names," she said, gazing soulfully up into his eyes, "Nitwit. Sap skull. Termagant. How they make my heart flutter!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A world without heroes is just an empty world! A world without heroes is just a world without great stories! There are heroes, and there are heroes! A hero takes steps with the vision of bringing what is beyond the eyes of mere men into reality for them to come to a certain realization. A hero opens doors for the eyes of mere men to see things inside the closed doors and ponder, learn lessons and think of different actions! A hero faces challenges in an overcoming manner with a certain charisma that surpasses the understanding of mere men! To be a hero, one needs a certain gut! It is not as if heroes don’t hit the rock bottom, never! Heroes meet big problems, but big problems and challenges are what define heroism, and even if heroes are unable to arrest and cripple all the challenges they meet, they must never be discredited for their awesome ingenuity that brought awe, became a yardstick, natured minds, provoked thoughts and caused the envy of mere men to shake, gave people reasons to reason, showed people the essence of life, cleared the path for people to take their journey, and epitomized true heroism! Heroes die after they have blazed the trail! Heroes retire after they have done something unique and unthinkable! Heroes are heroes, regardless of their slips or the big or small things they could never do as heroes, for most times heroes die as heroes whilst challenging the unthinkable challenges! Even if all people don’t see and acknowledge the heroism of a hero, heroes see, feel and understand what it really takes to be a hero! A hero is a hero! Don’t ever undermine heroism!
Shalom Auslander, Hope: A Tragedy|What kind of woman was she? What kind of woman was it who called to me from that calamity on the Seventh Avenue line? What kind of woman do I love now, with a fealty that will not cease, not till my occluded arteries send their clots up to the spongy interiors in my skull and I go mute and slack? I love the kind of woman whose hair has gone gray in a not terribly flattering way, the kind who doesn't even notice how she has to keeps having to buy larger jeans, the kind who likes big cars because she doesn't like to be uncomfortable. I love this woman because she is gifted with astounding premonitory skills: no matter how uncertain, how despondent, how lost her mate feels, no matter how dire the circumstances, she nonetheless predicts that Everything will be roses.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Sometimes, war can make a change.Sometimes, change can ignite a war.
Angeli Maun Akey|In newspapers, magazines and on television, the public has been warned off the very vitamins and other supplements that have been repeatedly proven to reduce illness in practically every instance. The effective use of food supplements and natural diet saves money, pain and lives... and you have been told not to do it. If you want something done right you have to do it yourself. This especially includes your healthcare. One of the most common questions about vitamin therapy is, are huge doses safe? This book will help answer that question once and for all, and while we are at it, here’s the answer in advance. Yes. Megadoses of vitamins are very safe. Vitamins do not cause even one death per year. Pharmaceutical drugs, taken as directed, cause over 100 000 deaths annually. Still it is granted that we need access to all the tools that medicine and technology can provide, when used with caution. We must also fully use our natural resources of therapeutic nutrition and vitamins. To limit ourselves to pharmaceutical medicine is like going into the ring to fight the champ with one hand tied behind our backs.
Eden Phillpotts, Saurus|To make the State your god is to worship an idol, for the State is a man-made creation arising naturally out of tribal communion; but the soul, if such there be, is a god-made miracle and above all national or patriotic standards – the supreme and eternal reality.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|There’s no better way to get to know a city than to walk its streets. A place will reveal its soul through its sights, sounds and smells, and eventually, it’ll teach you its rhythm.
Heather Anastasiu, Override|Me too. Do you want to meet me at the golf course after you get off work tomorrow? Then we can see each other all afternoon.""That sounds good."Which it did. But even if she'd said "Do you want to meet me at the surface of the sun?" I'd still have agreed to it.
Philip Wrigley|The conflict between science and religion has a single and simple cause. It is the designation as religiously canonical of any conception of the material world open to scientific investigation....As a matter of fact, most of the dogmatic religions have exhibited a perverse talent for taking the wrong side on the most important concepts of the material universe, from the structure of the solar system to the origin of man. The result has been constant turmoil for many centuries, and the turmoil will continue as long as religious canons prejudge scientific questions.
Persia Woolley, Child of the Northern Spring|Ah well, I suppose that's the problem with trying to make others follow your own beliefs: what starts out as spiritual ardor too often becomes arrogance and bigotry.
Enrique Vila-Matas, Dublinesque|He believes that if talent is demanded of a literary publisher or a writer, it must also be demanded of a reader. Because we mustn’t deceive ourselves: on the journey of reading we often travel through difficult terrains that demand a capacity for intelligent emotion, a desire to understand the other, and to approach a language distinct from the one of our daily tyrannies… Writers fail readers, but it also happens the other way around and readers fail writers when all they ask of them is confirmation that the world is how they see it.
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|The fledgling and ragtag American army turned its state into a semi-plausible advantage, encouraging enlistees to wear their own "hunting shirts" to build on the reputation of frontier marksmen.
Rudyard Kipling|Like art and politics, gangsterism is a very important avenue of assimilation into society.
Tony Kushner|We have that illusion that we are 'deciding' what to make a character do, in order to 'convey our message' or something like that. But, at least in my experience, you are often more like a river-rafting guide who's been paid a bonus to purposely steer your clients into the roughest possible water.
Steve Almond, Rock and Roll Will Save Your Life: A Book by and for the Fanatics Among Us|The connection being that in my head all language began in song and that the best stories inevitably reutrn to song, to a state of rapture. For years, I had assumed that throwing beautiful words at the page would make my prose feel true. But I had the process exactly backward. It was truth that lifted the language into beauty and toward song. It was a matter of doing what Joe Henry did, of pursuing characters into moments of emotional truth and slowing down. The result was a compression of sensual and psychological detail that released the rhythm and melody in language itself, what Longfellow called "the happy accidents of language.
-Marina  Carlos Ruiz Zafón|My friend Oscar is one of those princes without kingdom who wander around hoping you'll kiss them so they won't turn into frogs. He gets everything back to front and that's why I like him. People who think they get everything right do things wrong, and this, coming from a left-handed person, says it all. He looks at me and thinks I don't see him. he imagines I'll evaporate if he touches me and if he doesn't touch me, then he'll evaporate. He's got me on such a high pedestal he doesn't know how to get up there. He thinks my lips are door to paradise, but doesn't know they are poisoned. I am such a coward that I don't tell him so as not to lose him. I pretend I don't see him, and that I am, indeed, going to evaporate...My friend Oscar is one of those princes who would be well advised to stay away from fairy tales and the princesses who inhabit them. He doesn't know he's really Prince Charming who must kiss Sleeping Beauty in order to wake her from her eternal sleep, but that's because Oscar doesn't know that fairy tales are lies, although not all lies are fairy tales. Princes aren't charming, and sleeping beauties, however beautiful, never wake up from their sleep. He's the best friend I've ever had and if I ever come across Merlin, I'll thank him for having placed him in my path.
Sonya Hartnett, The Children of the King|Strange... The more I befriend my solitude, the more people desire my company.
Richard W Carson|He'd searched every corner of his mind looking for ways to avoid a rendezvous with Chico. In the last twenty years, Slade had come a long way from the ghetto orphanage where he'd grown up, but the only way he could help Maria was to get in touch with Chico. Slade remembered the last time he'd seen Chico as though it was yesterday.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Ears for wisdom, hands for work, eyes for opportunities, and a mouth for thanks.
Dennis Littky, The Big Picture: Education Is Everyone's Business|We learn best when we care about what we are doing, when we have choices. We learn best when the work has meaning to us, when it matters. We learn best when we are using our hands and our minds.We learn best when the work we are doing is real and relevant.
Idries Shah, Reflections|I like Saturdays. They are my best thinking days. It is my day to try to find that one special thought that turns into an idea that I remember forever and becomes a part of who I am, like a freckle or a finger or an ear. Even before I open my eyes I take a deep breath and try to picture something, anything, as if my brain were a keyhole where I can spy on my future. So each Saturday morning I try to find a little piece of a thought, and then I keep turning it over in my mind until it turns into a complete idea and at the end of the day when I'm lying in bed I put the whole thought into a little room in my head so I can remember it.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|It is not what a man gets, But what a man is,That he should think of.He should first think of his character,And then of his condition.He that has character need have no fear of his condition.Character will draw condition after it.
Elizabeth Warren|I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it.
C. JoyBell C.|There is a magnificent, beautiful, wonderful painting in front of you! It is intricate, detailed, a painstaking labor of devotion and love! The colors are like no other, they swim and leap, they trickle and embellish! And yet you choose to fixate your eyes on the small fly which has landed on it! Why do you do such a thing?
Rex Resurreccion, Called To Excel|The present and the future belong to believers and practitioners of excellence; not the "dinosaurs.
Richard Lamm|Every American president must be held to the highest standard. No president of any color should be given a free pass for screw-ups, lies or failure to keep a promise.
Tomas Tranströmer, The Deleted World|In the middle of life, death comesto take your measurements. The visitis forgotten and life goes on. But the suitis being sewn on the sly.
Michael Smith, The Present|Things that are attached to the body do not just add beauty to the body or probably enhances the self confidence of the man within, but they are also the very reasons for pride and excessive self confidence
|A positive change has never been a result of worrying, complaining and making excuses instead of focusing on manifesting your true destiny.
Nella Larsen, The Complete Fiction of Nella Larsen: Passing, Quicksand, and the Stories|Children aren't everything. There are other things in the world, thought I admit some people don't seem to suspect it. 
Kindle Alexander, Texas Pride|Why did you buy them? Stop buyin my shit Austin! First the hay, now my horses. Why?
Amit Reddy, Who Stole My India?|Animals travel on all fours. Mankind on two. Motorcycling is not a means of transport but an ideology, a nomadic way of life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|For what avail the plough or sail, or land or life, if freedom fail?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|There are souls, he thought, whose umbilicus has never been cut. They never got weaned from the universe. They do not understand death as an enemy; they look forward to rotting and turning into humus.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|Sorry girls, not every man is running after what you think.
Gary Ross|I go to the Natural History Museum and look at the cage of stuffed starlings there. But my favourite thing is the big blue whale. The scale of it is unbelievable, and makes you feel how insignificant you are as a human being.
Sarah Crossan, Moonrise|You know all the ways you can kill a girl?God, there are so many.
Deyth Banger|Learn the techniques to open the Power of Your Heart, giving access to the infinite potential possibilities that truly exist for you.
Jean Moreau, Abbey of Kervennec, France|Creation is always an act of affirmation, a lust for life or activity, a restlessness accompanied by art. That art is what pleases and invigorates and mystifies me.
Deejay Kapil|Every experience has a pattern and sometimes it teaches us through the spirit of patience captured, that there are no coincidences in life.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|HAPPINESS is based on externals; it fluctuates up and down every day. JOY, on the other hand, is internal; it can be cultivated and nurtured. We can be joyful even in the midst of a chaotic, unpredictable world.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|We can’t always control what happens in our lives- things will go well, things will go poorly-but what we can control is our response to those events.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Many eyes go through the meadow, but few see the flowers in it
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|He gave us the lakes for our Northern boundary, and the rivers stretching to the seas upon whose waters floats our commerce to the nations of the world; while man has done all that can be done by science to bind us together.
Charles Stross, Glasshouse|All men are islands, surrounded by the bottomless oceans of unthinking night.
Rudolf C. Binding|...animals behaved with purpose, it seemed. Unlike people.
A.C. Grayling, The Good Book: A Humanist Bible|I've been through so many things in life, and I have come to deduce one thing above all else: I care for nothing in this world save writing, books, everything else is an obstruction; it will always come second.
Christy Bright, Shaggy Dog Eats!: 24+ Recipes for Easy, Delicious Dog Treats|my master is the same as godwhen he thumps with his handpeople bring us hamburg steaksat any eating stand "pete s holiday
Laird Barron, The Beautiful Thing That Awaits Us All|And I start to say, no.Start to ask him to please just take it off and put it away.Start to explain how it holds far too many memories for me.But then I remember what Damen said once about memories - that they're haunting things.And because I refuse to be haunted by mine - I just take a deep breath and smile when I say, "You know, I think it looks really good on you. You should defiantly keep it.
G.K. Chesterton|Job tries to comfort himself with philosophical pessimism like the intellectuals of the nineteenth century. But God comforts Job with indecipherable mystery, and for the first time Job is comforted. . . . Job flings at God one riddle, God flings back at Job a hundred riddles, and Job is at peace. He is comforted with conundrums.
Yves Behar|The divine wisdom which requires a division of labor has sown different abilities and tendencies in human nature and has enabled human beings to carry out the duty of establishing sciences and developing technology. The fulfillment of this duty is obligatory upon humanity as a whole, though not on every individual.
Jim Sheeler, Final Salute: A Story of Unfinished Lives|You always hear all these statements like "Freedom isn't free." You hear the President talking about all these people making sacrifices. But you never really know until you carry one of them in a casket. When you feel their bodyweight. When you feel them. That's when you know. That's when you understand.
Kiera Cass, The One|It doesn't really matter how you feel about your character, it just matters what you do with it.
John Hart, Redemption Road|Privacyâ€™ is an unusable term. We should instead talk about freedom, autonomy and self-determination of the individual. Being allowed to be yourself, to think whatever you want and to act within the law with no hindrance. That resonates with everyone.
John Searle|I realize at one point, that I was being followed, and then I began to see the surveillance that was going past the road on my house. And so, these cars began to surveil me. People began to follow me around, and it did, it was very disrupting to think that your privacy was being violated, and for no reason that I could come up with.
Alexander Chee, The Queen of the Night|I could stand before him, be in his arms as I was just then, and still be lost to him, some phantom of a desire he cherished more than he cherished me, the woman he claimed to love.
Brooke|Suicide. It's a very powerful word. I remember as a little girl, I had it all, a perfect family, a perfect life. 16 years go by and that small little girl grew. Her life drastically changed. Her mother was never home, she grew up raising her sisters, her father... lets not even talk about him. He was just a bad man. So she learned she can only trust herself, she met a male online and he made her feel normal once again, he made her depression, bipolar disorder and all her problems seem fake for a moment. Two years pass, shit happens they are no longer in speaking terms, 3 days later she is ready to die, she had decided to troll on a game once more before she killed herself, where she met a girl who 8 months later would be her best friend forever and always. This girl had changed her life in ways not even imaginable. Then she meets another male who 4 months later would be a cause of many suicide attempts, she finally got enough courage to leave him, then later she met another male.. it was hard at first, he ran from problems, but he supposedly got his shit together.. and now we are "dating." And I still get my suicide thoughts, I'm still depressed, I'm still bipolar, I'm still dying slowly,, etc...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With diligent practice, you will be an expert.
W.P. Kinsella, Shoeless Joe|Writers are magicians. They write down words, and, if they're good, you believe that what they write is real, just as you believe a good magician has pulled the coins out of your ear, or made his assistant disappear.
Bret Easton Ellis, The Rules of Attraction|And it struck me then, that I liked Sean because he looked, well, slutty. A boy who had been around. A boy who couldn't remember if he was Catholic or not.
Ron Silver|The United States has done more for the war crimes tribunal than any other country in the world. We're turning over all the information we have, including intelligence information.
Billy Joel|No individual is alone responsible for a single stepping stone along the path of progress, and where the path is smooth progress is most rapid.
J. Raymond|It's not about who loves her. It's about how you love her. You have to learn the difference between what she says, and what she means. Don't just make her laugh. Try and understand why she smiles. Plenty have told her she's beautiful, but can you make her feel that way too? There's a difference, see. Compliments might cage her, while empowerment sets her free. My God, what matters to her is not just who flatters her. There's a language to her love you'll need to learn. Speak it true, and I promise you, the best of her, is what you'll earn.
Anderson Cooper|Back when I was dating, the dreaded C word was Commitment. As soon as most men found out I had a child, they ran. If I ever got close enough to say the words, 'I love you,' they ran faster.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of Time|One life, One love, One breath, One people, One chance to make a difference. If we are not one in LIFE we surely will be one on DEATH.
Bruno Mars|Like sunshine, music is a powerful force that can instantly and almost chemically change your entire mood.
Hayley Williams|If I'm a bad person, you don't like meWell I guess I'll make my own wayIt's a circleA mean cycleI can't excite you anymoreWhere's your gavel? Your jury?What's my offense this time?You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge meWell sentence me to another lifeDon't wanna hear your sad songsI don't wanna feel your painWhen you swear it's all my faultCause you know we're not the same (no)We're not the same (no)Oh we're not the sameYeah the friends who stuck togetherWe wrote our names in bloodBut I guess you can't accept that the change is good (hey)It's good (hey)It's goodWell you treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outYou treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outIgnorance is your new best friendIgnorance is your new best friendThis is the best thing that could've happenedAny longer and I wouldn't have made itIt's not a war no, it's not a raptureI'm just a person but you can't take itThe same tricks that, that once fooled meThey won't get you anywhereI'm not the same kid from your memoryWell now I can fend for myselfDon't wanna hear your sad songsI don't wanna feel your painWhen you swear it's all my faultCause you know we're not the same (no)We're not the same (no)Oh we're not the sameYeah we used to stick togetherWe wrote our names in bloodBut I guess you can't accept that the change is good (hey)It's good (hey)It's goodWell you treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outYou treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outIgnorance is your new best friendIgnorance is your new best friendIgnorance is your new best friendIgnorance is your new best friendWell you treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way outYou treat me just like another strangerWell it's nice to meet you sirI guess I'll goI best be on my way out
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|This lesser world is all about reproduction, as you might well know. Those who cease to duplicate simply die.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|How—I didn't know anyword for it—how "unlikely". . .How had I come to be here,like them, and overheara cry of pain that could havegot loud and worse but hadn't?
Emily Eden, The Semi-Detached House|[First line]“The business of murder took time, patience, skill, and a tolerance for the monotonous.
John Roberts|Individuals can spend their money more wisely, efficiently and more humanely than can government.
Alexis Carrel|There is a lot of work out there to take people out of the loop in things like medical diagnosis. But if you are taking humans out of the loop, you are in danger of ending up with a very cold form of AI that really has no sense of human interest, human emotions, or human values.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Can I dwell on what I scarce remember? I held a castle on the Marches once, and there was a woman I was pledged to marry, but I could not find that castle today, nor tell you the color of that woman's hair. Who knighted me, old friend? What were my favorite foods? It all fades. Sometimes I think I was born on the bloody grass in that grove of ash, with the taste of fire in my mouth and a hole in my chest. Are you my mother, Thoros?
Henry Marsh|The core predicament of medicine - the thing that makes being a patient so wrenching, being a doctor so difficult, and being a part of society that pays the bills they run up so vexing - is uncertainty. With all that we know nowadays about people and diseases and how to diagnose and treat them, it can be hard to see this, hard to grasp how deeply uncertainty runs. As a doctor, you come to find, however, that the struggle in caring for people is more often with what you do not know than what you do. Medicine's ground state is uncertainty. And wisdom - for both the patients and doctors - is defined by how one copes with it.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|In this world where too many are willing to see only the light that is visible, never the Light Invisible, we have a daily darkness that is night, and we encounter another darkness from time to time that is death, the deaths of those we love, but the third and most constant darkness is with us everyday, at all hours of every day, is the darkness of the mind, the pettiness and meanness and hatred, which we have invited into ourselves, and which we pay out with generous interest.
Paolo Giordano, The Solitude of Prime Numbers|I want you to take note, Commander, that turning in my badge would be like cutting off my arm. But if it comes down to a choice between the job and my marriage, then I lose the arm.
Billy Williams|Because I am really interested in gardening, I do really interesting plants, not even always flowers. And because I have grown them, I really know them like friends. I paint everything from exotic orchids to rosehips growing wild in a hedge. They just have to speak to me.
Erich Maria Remarque, Flotsam|It's not much. You begin by thinking there is something extraordinary about it. But you'll find out, when you've been out in the world a while longer, unhappiness is the commonest thing there is.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Every man walks his own path, and every path has its fair share of locked doors. You never know who holds the key to a door you’ll need to open one day, so you best treat people as if they are all keyholders.
Yayoi Kusama, Infinity Net: The Autobiography of Yayoi Kusama|The machinery of the sky that confounds us on earth with endless transformations of clouds in the light of dawn does not compare to the extraordinary tenacity of human beings, the way of human life, the presentiment of approaching death, the existence of love, the brilliant coruscations of light and the dark scars of our lives, to say nothing of the incomprehensible form of the cosmos and the overwhelming mysteries of space, time, distance.
Chinua Achebe, Anthills of the Savannah|Storytellers are a threat. They threaten all champions of control, they frighten usurpers of the right-to-freedom of the human spirit -- in state, in church or mosque, in party congress, in the university or wherever.
David Oliver Relin, Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time|Something in this meadow and places like it, humble and hidden, offers respite and moments of calm for the wild, adventurous soul that plagues the boys of the world, the wanderer's soul that gnaws and aches inside of them even unto gray manhood. It is the plague of horizons, the plague of the next river bend, the plague that drives men over the vast oceans into strange lands beyond the edges of the maps.
Gary Younge, Another Day in the Death of America: A Chronicle of Ten Short Lives|The other patrollers were boys and men of bad character; the work attracted a type. In another country they would have been criminals, but this was America.
Emily Rodda, The Forests of Silence|For several moments, Mary couldn't hear anything over the violent pounding of her pulse.
Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing|There is but one world and everything that is imaginable is necessary to it. For this world also which seems to us a thing of stone and flower and blood is not a thing at all but is a tale. And all in it is a tale and each tale the sum of all lesser tales and yet these are also the selfsame tale and contain as well all else within them. So everything is necessary. Every least thing. This is the hard lesson. Nothing can be dispensed with. Nothing despised. Because the seams are hid from us, you see. The joinery. The way in which the world is made. We have no way to know what could be taken away. What omitted. We have no way to tell what might stand and what might fall. And those seams that are hid from us are of course in the tale itself and the tale has no abode or place of beind except in the telling only and there it lives and makes its home and therefore we can never be done with the telling. Of the telling there is no end. And . . . in whatever . . . place by whatever . . . name or by no name at all . . . all tales are one. Rightly heard all tales are one.
Peter Tieryas, United States of Japan|Turn your cheek' only works with physical slaps, only works pre-Second coming. Against guns, bombs, and the most inhumane practices ever conceived, we must protect ourselves. We must become the agents of God's vengeance.
Charlotte Eriksson|Go outside. Don’t tell anyone and don’t bring your phone. Start walking and keep walking until you no longer know the road like the palm of your hand, because we walk the same roads day in and day out, to the bus and back home and we cease to see. We walk in our sleep and teach our muscles to work without thinking and I dare you to walk where you have not yet walked and I dare you to notice. Don’t try to get anything out of it, because you won’t. Don’t try to make use of it, because you can’t. And that’s the point. Just walk, see, sit down if you like. And be. Just be, whatever you are with whatever you have, and realise that that is enough to be happy. There’s a whole world out there, right outside your window. You’d be a fool to miss it.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|Our feelings of anxiety are genuine but confused signals that something is amiss, and so need to be listened to and patiently interpreted -- processes which are unlikely to be completed when we have to hand, in the computer, one of the most powerful tools of distraction ever invented. The entire internet is in a sense pornographic, a deliverer of a constant excitement that we have no innate capacity to resist, a seducer that leads us down paths that for the most part do nothing to answer our real needs.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If we seek for the best times to act, we may miss some opportunities. We must seize the moment and make it great.
Thrity Umrigar, The Story Hour|Playing roles and acting are forms of lying. If a person acts like they really feel and it rocks the boat, they are ostracized. We promote pretense and lying as a cultural way of life. Living this way causes an inner split. It teaches us to hide and cover up our toxic shame. This sends us deeper into isolation and loneliness.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|The child is innocence and forgetting, a new beginning, a game, a self-rolling wheel, a first movement, a sacred Yes.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Tea carries within itself; knowledge, wisdom, and wellness; for the sake of giving.
Claude Debussy|I shall give you hunger, and pain, and sleepless nights. Also beauty, and satisfactions known to few, and glimpses of the heavenly life. None of these you shall have continually, and of their coming and going you shall not be foretold.
Dahlia Adler, Right of First Refusal|Hey." He waited until he had her attention before continuing. "I'm not angry." He gave her a small smile. "You're back and I'm okay with that... for now."Her fingers trembled around the bottle. "For now?"His smile broadened and a wicked grin danced in his eyes. "Well, it's only a matter of time before you remember why you fell for me.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I know, I know, I'm being a girl.
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who thinks for himself is a threat to his enemies, a refuge to his acquaintances, a prize to his friends, and a gift to the world.
Martijn Benders|Mensen vragen wel eens, geloof jij in God, Martinus? En dan zeg ik ja, uiteraard. Wat ik er dan niet bij vertel is dat ik ook geloof dat hij donkergroen is, inferieur aan de mens en uit op het stelen van mijn portemonnee. Want dan zit er altijd wel een slimmerik tussen die vraagt of God dan ook een hoed op heeft, en of ik hem niet met een leprechaun verwar, een schepsel waar de Nederlanders nooit een woord voor hebben uitgevonden. En ik zou niet weten wat ik daarop moet antwoorden, behalve dan dat God absoluut een hoed draagt, en zeer waarschijnlijk met een klavertje vier rondloopt, wat hij ook wel nodig heeft want ik heb helemaal geen portemonnee.
Gregory Maguire, Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister|In one moment, we are now forever,in one moment...
Leigh Bardugo|Lana's going through them one at a time. Healing them. She's amazing."Sam thought he heard something extra in Edilio's voice. "She's cute too, huh Edilio?"Edilio's eyes went wide and started blushing. "She's just...you know..."Sam slapped his shoulder. "Good luck with that.""You think she...I mean, you know me, I'm just..." Edilio stammered his way to a stop."Dude, let's see if we can stay alive. Then you can ask her out or whatever.
Tahereh Mafi, Furthermore|We have laws about human rights in place for a reason and even if those laws are so often not enforced BY the law, these laws teach us our rights as human beings. I was shocked when I first discovered them, but at the same time I found them empowering; especially the ones about emotional abuse and neglect. Always remember that we are healing from the damage and that before the damage can be overcome, it has to be acknowledged.Acceptance in the context of accepting what happened is not the same thing as acceptance of the person who did it. Accepting the way a person “is” does not apply when abuse or mistreatment is involved. There is a big difference in accepting someone’s “faults”, verses accepting abusive treatment.
Diogenes|Growing up, the way that I looked was very important to me. I was always trying to impress people, and when I grew my beard there was a certain freedom, a separation, getting past this the way I looked, identify myself as a spiritual seeker.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you can invest all your time into giving birth to a quality product, the whole world will celebrate you and everyone will be in need of your product.
Valentine Glass, Between Kay and You: A Bisexual Girl's Cumming-of-Age Confession|In retrospect, I didn’t really want to be a slut. What I wanted and needed was a therapist who would consent to fucking me, but I doubted my parents’ insurance would have covered that. I had a lot to figure out for myself and I did that by making poor decisions that summer. If some wise, authoritative adult could simply have explained why I wanted to do these things and then done some with me, I think I would have refrained from most of my sexual misadventures...
Miles Franklin, My Brilliant Career|There is any amount of love and good in the world, but you must search for it. Being misunderstood is one of the trials we all must bear. I think that even the most common-minded person in the land has inner thoughts and feelings which no one can share with him, and the higher one's organization the more one must suffer in that respect.
Robert M. Drake|She had more of me then I had of myself. We were both wild birds chasing the stars. We’d lose our way and find new places, close our eyes and fall back towards a constellation of dreams. We wrapped ourselves in a blanket of passion and each night we fell deeper without control, into this strange space called love.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: Apocryphal|Be strong, little one. There's a reason you are here. Like anyone with a dream, you have a purpose, big or small. Never lose hope that your glowing star will one day join the sky of winners. Never--stop believing.
Stephen King, Insomnia|Things change after you die, though- I guess because dying is about the lonliest thing you can do.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Each day, take a good look at that face before you and see, in the light of God's grace, the face of God reflected in that precious face. Know that while each distinct feature is unique there is a common blueprint for both of you. See the beauty or frailty, as the case may be, as the characteristic given to the individual and the trust given to you. The embrace, then, is an embrace of pure love and trust. Don't turn your back to the other's plea. As you look at each other face to face and see the face of God, you move the home and history in the right direction. May that be our joy and hope.
Ed Cyzewski, Pray, Write, Grow: Cultivating Prayer and Writing Together|Many of us live in denial of who we truly are because we fear losing someone or something-and there are times that if we don't rock the boat, too often the one we lose is ourselves...It feels good to be accepted, loved, and approved of by others, but often the membership fee to belong to that club is far too high of a price to pay.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|As in a tree, there is more sap in an Arm of the tree, than in a little sprig; but the sprig hath the same sap for kind that the Arm of the tree hath, and it all comes from the same root. So though there be more venom in some gross, crying sins, than in some others; yet there is no sin but hath the same sap, and the same venom, for the kind, that every sin hath, that the worst sin hath.
Rita Mae Brown|When I got [my] library card, that was when my life began.
Jami Attenberg, All Grown Up|Will the freshness, lightheartedness, the need for love, and strength of faith which you have in childhood ever return? What better time than when the two best virtues -- innocent joy and the boundless desire for love -- were the only motives in life?
Matt Hawkins, Aphrodite IX: Rebirth, Vol. 1|A hero is a matter of perspective. The only sure thing in war is casualties. Ideology, patriotism and religious zeal all fuel heroic notions.
Marina Abramovic|I've had to listen to candidates tell me they are the most wonderful thing since the invention of sliced bread, and it bores me to death. It also makes me doubt that they are actually any good at all - plus it's an attitude that would never fly in the culture I've created in my company.
Gretchen Rubin|Growing up in Kansas City, I was always neat, the teacher's pet, know-it-all type.
A. S. Byatt|I like both athletic girls and girly girls. It depends on their personality. I like girls who can go out and play sports with me and throw the football around, but you don't want a girl who's too much tougher than you. I like brainy girls who can respond to what I'm saying.
Gena Showalter, Playing with Fire|What do you think is the problem? You’re a cute kid-­‐uh, guy. Man. You’re a cuteman.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|As a child I would play with such imagination that the ‘real’ world was never real at all. It was full of mystery, adventure and possibility.
Rebecca Harris, The Dead of Winter|Indeed, in the majority of cases the dying person has already lost consciousness. Death had been dissected, cut to bits by a series of little steps, which finally makes it impossible to know which step was the real death, the one in which consciousness was lost, or the one in which breathing stopped. All these little silent deaths have replaced and erased the great dramatic act of death, and no one any longer has the strength or patience to wait over a period of weeks for a moment which has lost a part of its meaning.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|Taking him for all and all, I think it will be conceded that Michael Faraday was the greatest experimental philosopher the world has ever seen.
Jordan Ellenberg|If I'd defined success very narrowly, limiting it to peak, high-visibility experiences, I would have felt very unsuccessful and unhappy during those years. Life is just a lot better if you feel you're having 10 wins a day rather than a win every 10 years or so.
Herman E. Daly|Suckers think that you cure greed with money, addiction with substances, expert problems with experts, banking with bankers, economics with economists, and debt crises with debt spending
Drew Karpyshyn, Path of Destruction|A fair and just society offers equality of opportunity to all. But it cannot promise, and should not try to enforce, sameness.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|​You can't Believe in Yourself, till People Believe in You.
Brandon Sanderson, Calamity|You told me that Kafka was not a thinker, and that a "genetic" approach to his work would disclose that much of it was only a kind of very imaginative whining. That was during the period when you were going in for wrecking operations, feeling, I suppose, that the integrity of your own mental processes was best maintained by a series of strong, unforgiving attacks. You made quite an impression on everyone, in those days: you ruffled blouse, you long magenta skirt slit to the knee, the dagger thrust into your boot. "Is that a metaphor?" I asked, pointing to the dagger; you shook your head, smiled, said no.
Jerry Della Femina|Everyone is flailing through this life without an owner's manual, with whatever modicum of grace and good humor we can manage.
Jenna Maclaine, The Mammoth Book of Vampire Romance|And if I vas to point at a castle on a towering crag and say 'Yonder is...zer castle' a volf would be bound to howl mournfully. In zer old country, zer scenery is psychotropic and knows vot is expected of it. Here, alas, people just look at you in a funny vay.
Tammy Faye Bakker|Discipline and unconditional support is earned by understanding and trust and inclusion. Not by isolation, not by nasty tricks.
Frederick Hamilton, The Days Before Yesterday|New Rule: The White House doesn't have to release the dead Bin Laden photos, but don't pretend we can't take it. We've seen pictures of Britney Spears's vagina getting out of a car. Television has desensitizes us to violence, and porn has desensitized us to people getting shot in the eye.
Idries Shah, Reflections|EXPECTATION If, from time to time, you give up expectation, you will be able to perceive what it is you are getting.
Frederick William Faber|It is not systematic education which somehow molds society, but, on the contrary, society which, according to its particular structure, shapes education in relation to the ends and interests of those who control the power in that society.
Maeve Greyson, My Highland Bride|The truth is, time travel is hard, and people are lazy.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|When the enemy of my enemy is willing to use plasma weapons inside a hotel, I think I can do better than stupid aphorisms, General.-Captain Kevyn Andreyasn
Björk|It's incredible how nature sets females up to take care of people, and yet it is tricky for them to take care of themselves.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Adrian suddenly glanced up at me. Our gazes locked, and I felt like he could read my mind. How often did he think about that kiss? And if he really was crazy about me, did he imagine more than just kissing? Did he fantasize about me? What kinds of things did he think about? His lips on my neck? His hand on my leg? And was that leg bare . . . ?
P.C. Wren, Odd - But Even So: Stories Strangers Than Fiction|There are responses which originate from joy. Intuition can also mean an instant recognition of a truth, sensing that you are doing the right thing in making a choice or decision even if it is not the immediately obvious option, or an experience of knowing the probable outcome just as it is beginning to unfold. The dictionary defines it as immediate unreasoned perception.
|With full appreciation, count your blessings no matter how small they might seem. Gratitude and unconditional self-love are the best gifts that you could ever give to your inner-self.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Cherish every second you have. Hold the ones you love close to you. Sing, even when you don’t know the words to the song. Smile when the sun shines on your face. Dance in the rain.
Bret Easton Ellis|If you cannot read Shakespeare, or Melville, or Toni Morrison because it will trigger something traumatic in you, and you'll be harmed by the read of the text because you are still defining yourself through your self-victimization, then you need to see a doctor.
Eloise Jarvis McGraw, The Moorchild|Aye, you're neither one thing nor yet quite t'other. Pity, but there 'tis.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Knowing a person's true identity - it feels wonderful & painful at the same time. It feels wonderful because you will know a lot more about him. It feels painful because you only have one choice, it is "acceptance".
Kris Carr|Christianity is not rationalism, but faith in God's revelation. A conspicuous, all-important item in that revelation is the resurrection of the body.
Shannon L. Alder|Cruel people offer pity when they no longer feel threatened. However, kind people offer compassion and understanding regardless.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Plans are easy to make, dreams are easy to dream. But putting your back into it? A little bit of hard graft and discipline? That is just too scary and far too much effort for the masses
Françoise Sagan|Money may not buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in a Jaguar than on a bus.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Death, No Fear|[T]he flower is made of non-flower elements. We can describe the flower as being full of everything. There is nothing that is not present in the flower. We see sunshine, we see the rain, we see clouds, we see the earth, and we also see time and space in the flower.A flower, like everything else, is made entirely of non-flower elements. The whole cosmos has come together in order to help the flower manifest herself, The flower is full of everything except one thing: a separate self, a separate identity.The flower cannot be by herself alone. The flower has to inter-be with the sunshine, the cloud and everything in the cosmos. If we understand being in terms of inter-being, then we are much closer to the truth. Inter-being is not being and it is not non-being. Inter-being means being empty of a separate identity, empty of a separate self,
Hunter S. Thompson, The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967|Ptah held up his mug. “Do you realize, we’ve fought together, starved together, bled together, endured slavery, and looked into the jaws of death...”“But we never drank together!” Marcus finished, clanking his mug to Ptah’s.“Exactly! The drink flows freely, and we must make up for lost time, ha ha ha!
August Clearwing, Never Have I Ever|Memories, real and irreplaceable, all of them. The happy ones, the bitter ones, the terrified and the poignant.
Toni Morrison|The true writer, the born writer, will scribble words on scraps of litter, the back of a bus tickets, on the wall of a cell.
Hyperionova|He kissed my palm, lingering his lips on my skin. Then he inhaled. "Mmmm," he moaned. " Like gin to an alcoholic. Sweet as fresh molasses and deadly as snake venom.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|I ain't got no people. I seen the guys that go around on the ranches alone. That ain't no good. They don't have no fun. After a long time they get mean. They get wantin' to fight all the time. . . 'Course Lennie's a God damn nuisance most of the time, but you get used to goin' around with a guy an' you can't get rid of him.
Kelly Clarkson|God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.
Terryl Givens|Holiness is found in how we treat others, not in how we contemplate the cosmos. As our experiences in marriages, families, and friendship teach us, it takes relationships to provide the friction that wears down our rough edges and sanctifies us.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|Steffi wasn't tired anymore. In fact, she felt invigorated. She was going to make it. She needed more of those kisses.
Adam Gopnik|Of all the unexpected things in contemporary literature, this is among the oddest: that kids have an inordinate appetite for very long, very tricky, very strange books about places that don’t exist.
Friedrich Nietzsche|A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them.
Anonymous|The worldly comforts are not for me. I am like a traveler, who takes a rest under a tree in the shade and then goes on his way
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just make use of a gift, look inside you and maximize others
Hark Herald Sarmiento|Friends never turn as enemies. If they did, they were never your friends at all.
Sam Crescent, She's Mine|I can tell you now that if you break things off with Alana, I’m gonna want to high five you in the face with a hammer before we reach New York.
Julia Quinn|He’d mesmerized her, held her soul captive. And she couldn’t move.“Unless you want more than a dream,” he said.She did.“Will you stay?” he whispered. “Or will you go?”She stayed. Heaven help her, she stayed.And Michael showed her just how romantic a library could be.
Ryohgo Narita|The Prussian monarchy is not a country which has an army, but an army which has a country in which – as it were – it is just stationed.
Saurbh Katyal, Seduced by Murder|All that crap about time being a great healer is bullshit. Time heals nothing. Well, acne maybe.
John Cheever, The Stories of John Cheever|Real? Real depends upon your perspective, Annabelle. People never see life exactly the same way. The world is what you think it is.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|Jim was the one who told me that my emotional life made him dangle his stethoscope like a snake charmer: my moods weren’t hard to see but they were hard to read, and even harder to diagnose. It was ostensibly a complaint, but I think he liked his metaphor, and liked that our moments of distance were subtle enough to require this kind of formulation. Meaning that I was a complex creature and so was he; that he became even more complex in his attempt to bridge the gap between our complexities; that he could create a complicated image to house this complex of complications. This is how writers fall in love: they feel complicated together and then they talk about it.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|Czechs simply don’t say they’re going camping or spending time outdoors. They say, in Czech, that they are going “into the nature” as though nature, příroda, is beyond a place in the woods or other forms of terrain, that nature was a state of mind and had the ability to reverse the crippling, chaotic aspects of life.
A.J. Beirens|If any young man reads this Book aright, he becomes large-hearted. He cannot hold his soul within the narrow bound of his ribs, but his great heart looks out to see where it can scatter benefits.
Charles M. Schulz, You're Not Elected, Charlie Brown|You sold out! We elected you, and you sold out! The next time we have an election, I think everyone should vote for himself. Or we might just as well vote for Charlie Brown! Yes, next year we may even say, 'You're elected, Charlie Brown!
Peter Zumthor|'Station to Station' came out of a sense of urgency - a sense that culture, be it art, film or architecture, has become so compartmentalised. For this project, we wanted to break that and create a language that is more nomadic and less materialistic and really empowering for the creators and the audience.
A. Lee Martinez|I always, always got to be the last man standing.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Mr. Mancini had a singular talent for making me uncomfortable. He forced me to consider things I’d rather not think about – the sex of my guitar, for instance. If I honestly wanted to put my hands on a woman, would that automatically mean I could play? Gretchen’s teacher never told her to think of her piano as a boy. Neither did Lisa’s flute teacher, though in that case the analogy was obvious. On the off chance that sexual desire was all it took, I steered clear of Lisa’s instrument, fearing that I might be labeled a prodigy.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|But on Kwajalein, the guards sought to deprive them of something that had sustained them even as all else had been lost: dignity. This self-respect and sense of self-worth, the innermost armament of the soul, lies at the heart of humanness; to be deprived of it is to be dehumanized, to be cleaved from, and cast below, mankind.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|At its core, each vocation is a particular, unique instantiation of the father’s summons to the true homeland of the kingdom. The etymological root of the word ‘vocation’ points in this direction. The word is derived from the Latin verb “vocare” – “to call.” Thus, through the son the father calls each one of us home.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Purpose stirs creativity, without purpose you life will be in abnormal use(abuse).
Quentin R. Bufogle|God might not be dead, but he's sure as hell missing in action.
Denis Healey|Healey’s First Law Of Holes: When in one, stop digging.
Yuna Kagesaki, AiON Volume 1|He had never quarreled much with this woman, while with the women that he loved he had quarreled so much they had finally, always, with the corrosion of the quarreling, killed what they had together. He had loved too much, demanded too much, and he wore it all out.
Radhe Maa|By practicing compassion and forgiveness, one can control hatred.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Think and act positively by focusing on the positives in yourself, other people, and situations.
Abhijit Naskar|Healthy entertainment does not evoke raw emotions in the mind of a viewer only to make them wreak havoc, rather it guides those emotions in a healthy direction.
C.S. Lewis, On Stories: And Other Essays on Literature|I have lived a great deal among grown-ups. I have seen them intimately, close at hand. And that hasn’t much improved my opinion of them.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Life is the ultimate gift of experience and if you are not impressed by the blessing the Lord has given you every awaking day to make a difference, I say your stuck in the mud and you need to call AAA which is code for "Say A Prayer" and get pulled out. Love life and create positive SYNERGY with others while you can before this chapter closes.
Amit Kalantri|You need not to love everyone, but you need to be polite with everyone, people will appreciate your politeness more than your love, because politeness is sweeter than love.
Debasish Mridha|To find yourself, be yourself. To get lost in yourself, love yourself unconditionally.
Marty Bisson milo|Because i am magic and,you are my precious stone.
Patricia A. Wolf, Christmas with a Bite|He held her face in his hands, searching her eyes as if to read her thoughts."You can have me anytime you want," he murmured, his voice low and raspy.""Oh, I am totally going home with you tonight," she said with a groan and wink.
Nic Marks, The Happiness Manifesto|the Church of Rome, formerly the most holy of all Churches, has become the most lawless den of thieves, the most shameless of all brothels, the very kingdom of sin, death, and hell; so that not even antichrist, if he were to come, could devise any addition to its wickedness.
Bikram Choudhury|Yoga talks about cat-pose, dog-pose, camel-pose, monkey-pose, bird-pose etc. Why there are so many animal poses? Animals release their emotions and tensions by movements based on their body sensations. But our amygdala in the brain is carrying the “fight or flight response”; it has forgotten the art of releasing the tensions. As human beings, when we are aware about the sensations, we can release that by aware, slow movements. If you do not give movements to the body parts, energy will be stuck and blood circulation will be disturbed. Gradually, that creates chronic physical and mental health problems.
Taylor Swift|She hates her heart, that misguided organ in her chest. Why didn't it warn her?
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Killing a pig for a good old fry-up is one thing. But there’s no excuse for being cruel, even if you’re a bored teenage kid.
Amelia James, Her Twisted Pleasures|Panties are a privilege, not a right.
Vergi Crush|Fluttershy's friends openly accuse Discord of lying about being reformed, and they are shocked when Fluttershy rushes to his defense. Discord appears genuinely touched when Fluttershy tells him to count her as a friend. A friend- his first and only friend!
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|I struggle to discover what these silent sons of mine want, but words have always failed me. They are sullen even as they tell me they are okay. I know they are lying but there is nothing I can do.
Marcin Dolecki, Philosopher's Crystal: The Treacherous Terrain of Tassatarius|Many men think the same way about women, treating them as stars. They admire us from a distance, solely because of our appearance. And when some of them eventually decide to approach the ones they long to be with, they often get burnt.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Yes, my consuming desire is to mingle with road crews, sailors and soldiers, barroom regulars—to be a part of a scene, anonymous, listening, recording—all this is spoiled by the fact that I am a girl, a female always supposedly in danger of assault and battery. My consuming interest in men and their lives is often misconstrued as a desire to seduce them, or as an invitation to intimacy. Yes, God, I want to talk to everybody as deeply as I can. I want to be able to sleep in an open field, to travel west, to walk freely at night...
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|There are no refunds and no exchanges with love. It comes with flaws and imperfections. It’s raw, unfiltered, and sometimes it isn’t easy. But I’ve found the best things in this life are the ones I’ve had to work hardest for.
Dharma Publishing, Ways of Enlightenment|Boundaries are nothing more than imaginary lines drawn-up by delusional leaders and power hungry tyrants who wish to segregate the population into more easily controlled segments in any case.  -If you really think about it logically, the only place where the Buddha can be born is within the hearts and minds of the truly enlightened, otherwise you’re simply wasting your time.
Joyce Meyer, Beauty for Ashes: Receiving Emotional Healing|The more we focus on who we are in Christ, the less it matters who we were in the past, or even what happened to us.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|I should say that there ought to be no war except religious war. If war is irreligious, it is immoral. No man ought ever to fight at all unless he is prepared to put his quarrel before that invisible Court of Arbitration with which all religion is concerned. Unless he thinks he is vitally, eternally, cosmically in the right, he is wrong to fire off a pocket-pistol.
Israelmore Ayivor|Teamwork is the best ever investment. If I make 3 and you make 5, together we will not make 8. We will make 15. Leaders build active teams!
Len Webster|Just the other day the AP wire had a story about a man from Arkansas who entered some kind of contest and won a two-week vacation--all expenses paid--wherever he wanted to go. Any place in the world: Mongolia, Easter Island, the Turkish Riviera . . . but his choice was Salt Lake City, and that's where he went. Is this man a registered voter? Has he come to grips with the issues? Has he bathed in the blood of the lamb?
Trent Reznor|Katie Price is no exception. She, too, is - in a distinctive way - a philosopher. Partially, Katie Price's philosophy is one of extraordinary confidence. She is remarkable not for her looks or antics but because of her tremendous self-assurance and her unwillingness to be intimidated by criticism or failure.
R. Gay, First Person Queer: Who We Are|I felt that if he touched me, I'd die. and then the thought crawled into my brain that if he didn't touch me, I'd die.
Paula Gruben, Umbilicus|Thank God for books, for validating your feelings, and letting you know you’re not alone.
Jostein Gaarder, Through a Glass, Darkly|Later in the winter I'd tire of the snow, but Christmas snow was different.
Siddharta Mukherjee|The rediscovery of Mendel's laws of heredity in the opening weeks of the 20th century sparked a scientific quest to understand the nature and content of genetic information that has propelled biology for the last hundred years. The scientific progress made [since that time] falls naturally into four main phases, corresponding roughly to the four quarters of the century.""The first established the cellular basis of heredity: the chromosomes. The second defined the molecular basis of heredity: the DNA double helix. The third unlocked the informational basis of heredity [i.e. the genetic code], with the discovery of the biological mechanism by which cells read the information contained in genes, and with the invention of the recombinant DNA technologies of cloning and sequencing by which scientists can do the same." The sequence of the human genome, the project asserted, marked the starting point of the "fourth phase" of genetics. This was the era of "genomics" - the assessment of the entire genomes of organisms, including humans. There is an old conundrum in philosophy that asks if an intelligent machine can ever decipher its own instruction manual. For humans, the manual was now complete. Deciphering it, reading it, and understanding it would be quite another matter.
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.
David Levithan, Every Day|It's one thing to fall in love. It's another to feel someone else fall in love with you, and to feel a responsibility toward that love.
John Dryden, All for Love|Errors, like straws, upon the surface flow; He who would search for pearls, must dive below.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|I have an unshakable belief that mankind’s higher nature is on the whole still dormant. The greatest souls reveal excellencies of mind and heart which their lesser fellows possess-hidden, it is true, but there all the same.
Christina Engela, For Love of Leelah|Is there any good left in the world/ And if there is, can you still find it in the places that matter? Why is it that the only places i see it now, is in the graves of the victims, and the tears of those who mourn them?
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|People change. Sometimes I think they don't know they're changing until it's already happened, though. You get so used to being one person, it's weird when you wake up and everything is different.
Belsebuub, The Awakening of Perception: A Collection of Talks and Articles|Pleasure brings pain, but inner silence brings nothing negative; it is in itself of great value and is a far better way to be than to be in ego states.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|X is for X-mas Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. Put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket, then all your Christmases can come at once!
Jennifer J. Freyd|Kasta looked from one of them to the other, the two of them shaking hands, understanding each other's concern. She didn't see where Giddon came off feeling insulted. She didn't see how Giddon had any place in it at all. Who were they, to take her fight away from her and turn it into some sort of understanding between themselves? She would knock his nose from his face. She would thump them both, and she would apologise to neither.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross, On Life After Death|The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.
Fiona Paul, Venom|As in all sweetest music, a tinge of sadness was in every note. Nor do we know how much of the pleasures even of life we owe to the intermingled sorrows. Joy cannot unfold the deepest truths, although deepest truth must be deepest joy.
T.H. White, The Sword in the Stone|They were playing old Bob Dylan, more than perfect for narrow Village streets close to Christmas and the snow whirling down in big feathery flakes, the kind of winter where you want to be walking down a city street with your arm around a girl like on the old record cover
Kurt Eichenwald, Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story|Enron would keep its unearned windfall, generated solely because David Duncan didn't know what he was doing.
Oscar Wilde|Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whenever you receive a vision, quickly act on the vision.
David H. Keller, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|All space is relative. There is no such thing as size. The telescope and the microscope have produced a deadly leveling of great and small, far and near. The only little thing is sin, the only great thing is fear!("The Jelly-Fish")
James Wan|I'd go to, like, six different schools in one year. We were on welfare, and my mom never ever worked.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|Trying to catch their breath, they lay there for so long that Celyn lost track of time. That is, until Elina noted, "You are still hard inside me."Celyn nodded, then realized she couldn't see that. "Aye," he finally answered."How is that possible?""I am dragon," he answered honestly. "Anything is possible. We're that amazing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is better to live life with great faith, hope and courage.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|When she can't bring me to heal with scolding, she bends me to shape with guilt.
John Green, Paper Towns|It had gotten to the point where it seemed like nothing matters, because I’m not a real person and neither is anyone else.
Leah Broadby, A Dreadful Daughter's Spells|This is no tall story. Nor is it a short story. Indeed, a story cannot be measured, for their realities stretch far beyond a page or one person’s life.
Morrissey|I used to dream, and I used to vow;I wouldn't dream of it now.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|But at this point an objection is frequently raised. The "otherworldliness" of Christianity is objected to as a form of selfishness. The Christian, it is said, does what is right because of the hope of heaven, but how much nobler is the man who because of duty walks boldly into the darkness of annihilation! The objection would have some wight if heaven according to Christian belief were mere enjoyment. But as a matter of fact heaven is communion with God and with his Christ. it can be said reverently that the Christian longs for heaven not only for his own sake, but also for the sake of God. Our present love is so cold, our present service is so weak; and we would one day love and serve Him as His love deserves.. it is perfectly true that the christian is dissatisfied with the present world, but it is a holy dissatisfaction; it is that hunger and thirst after righteousness which our Savior blessed. We are separated from the Savior now by the veil of sense and by the effects of sin, and it is not selfish to long to see Him face to face.
Dan Savage|As a very young man growing up in Texas, usually I got a shotgun or cowboy boots for Christmas.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Where neither go wrong, the naive only see the world as a victim of bad doctrine; the cynic only sees good doctrine as a victim of the world.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Had you but seen it, I promise you, your high-minded principles would have melted like candle wax. Never would you have wished such beauty away.
Ice T|What's cool about Spider-Man is that it's everybody - anyone, you put on the suit, anyone believes that you're Spider-Man. That's what's charming about the character. He's anyone. He's a huge nerd that ends up being this huge superhero.
Paramahansa Yogananda|Before embarking on important undertakings, sit quietly, calm your senses and thoughts, and meditate deeply. You will then be guided by the great creative power of Spirit. After that you should utilize all necessary material means to achieve your goal.
Tiger Woods|You know, from my point of view, I'm the luckiest cat on the planet.
Tamora Pierce, Wolf-Speaker|When she bought the cats her mother asked her straight out if they were 'baby substitutes'. 'No,' Ruth had answered, straight-faced. 'They're kittens. If I had a baby it would be a cat substitute.
Augusten Burroughs, This Is How: Proven Aid in Overcoming Shyness, Molestation, Fatness, Spinsterhood, Grief, Disease, Lushery, Decrepitude & More. For Young and Old Alike.|If you believe suicide will bring you peace, or at the very least just an end to everything you hate- you are displaying self-caring behavior. You are still able to actively seek solutions to your problems. You are willing to go to great lengths to provide what you believe will be soothing to yourself.This strikes me as optimistic.
Michel Faber, The Crimson Petal and the White|A person who is worth nothing must introduce you to a person worth next-to-nothing, and that person to another, and so on and so forth until finally you can step across the threshold, almost one of the family.
Winna Efendi, The Journeys|Wish you were here, we can get lost in the forest together and eat bamboo rice.
Michael   Lewis, Liar's Poker|He shouted into the phone, “That is fuckin’ awesome. I mean fuckin’ awesome. I fuckin’ mean fucking awesome. You are one Big Swinging Dick, and don’t ever let anybody tell you different.” It brought tears to my eyes to hear it, to be called a Big Swinging Dick by the man who, years ago, had given birth to the distinction and in my mind had the greatest right to confer it upon me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Generations to generations, you are God.
John McCain|Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|For a moment amongst the crowd, I saw you. I've since found out it's common for people separated from someone they love to keep seeing that loved one amongst strangers; something to do with recognition units in our brain being too heated and too easily triggered. This cruel trick of the mind lasted only a few moments, but was long enough to feel with physical force how much I needed you.
Blake Lively|In age of consumerism and materialism, I traffic in blue sky and colored air.
Frankie Bow, The Musubi Murder|Molly. I have an opportunity for you.”“An opportunity?” I repeated, without enthusiasm. Oh, good. Next comes the part where he tells me to be a “team player” and then dumps some tedious task on me.“It’s a chance for you to show that you can be a team player,” Bill Vogel said.
Debasish Mridha|If you know the power of your thoughts, you would never fear failure.
Akshay Vasu|There are these little things about you and everything that you do. The beauty of which the mere words can't cage or explain. Moments that grabs me in its arms, throws me to the sky, bangs me back on the earth and throws me into the sea. Like I am dead for a moment watching you. And the next second I am breathing heavily and trying hard to swim in the magic of you.
Klaus Schwab|I guess there was a little bit of a slight rebellion, maybe a little bit of a renegade desire that made me realize at some point in my adolescence that I really liked pictures that told stories of things - genre paintings, historical paintings - the sort of derivatives we get in contemporary society.
Matthew Donnelly|If we don't currently have what we so desire, then we must become a different person. Beliefs and thought patterns is the road to victory.
Benedict Smith|We had a threesomeYou, me and my depressionDepression fucks hard
Rita Mae Brown|The biggest thing for me is the passion that I've always had for hockey. I remember growing up, no matter what I did in life, my parents always told me to try to do my best at it and be my best. I can say going through different things that that passion is the most important part. It's not skills or talent or any of that stuff.
Renee Ahdieh, The Rose & the Dagger|I-" Irsa took a careful breath to steady her words. " I have felt alone for most of my life. Until you." She placed the shell on his chest. " But I promise I won't feel alone anymore. I will never forget." She stood on shaky feet. "I will always remember." "I love you Rahim al-Din Walad . Thank you for loving me in return.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Most people have not become better than they were five years ago because people hardly invest time into improving their knowledge, skills, and talents.
Alber Elbaz|Learning to read and write changes lives; it means jobs, money, health, and dreams fulfilled.
John Paul Warren|There is no activity that is somehow more Christian than another. God looks at the heart, and that is the good part that Mary knew. he simply asks us to come as we are and to be willing, open to receive whatever he might have for us this day. That is what it means to live a graceful life.
Seanan McGuire, Magic for Nothing|You hear about ghosts: sad ghosts, angry ghosts.I'll tell you, the worst is when they laugh, and the worst sort are the ones whose faces I've forgotten.
Enrique de Hériz, Lies|When I was a kid, they had a saying, 'to err is human but to really fuck it up takes a computer.’ 
Quentin Crisp|For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|My heroes are the ones who survived doing it wrong, who made mistakes, but recovered from them.-Bono
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Abuse and respect are diametric opposites: You do not respect someone whom you abuse, and you do not abuse someone whom you respect.
Jhumpa Lahiri|I gave a Christmas party last year - well, two Christmases ago - where I did a Sam Cooke show. I didn't perform as R. Kelly. I performed the Sam Cooke show from 1964, when he performed at the Copacabana.
Henry Miller|By affirming your own gifts and accomplishments, you build your confidence and increase your ability to build a brighter future.
Jim Henson|They keep you doped with religion, and sex, and T.V.And you think you're so clever and classless and freeBut you're still fucking peasants as far as I can see
Eliot Spitzer|The mistake the apartheid government made was they gave the black people nothing, so they had nothing to lose. But now a lot of the former freedom-fighters are big-time capitalists. They've been given directorships in every major company. They're billionaires!
Kevin Swanson|When you go with first principles, a giant light goes off in what you think is a city and turns out to be an insane asylum.
Andre Dubus, Dancing After Hours|It’ll turn me into a weapon,’ I say, my voice suddenly loud. ‘All you got to do is curl your hands into fists and you turn into a weapon,’ says Jim. ‘Your body is just another tool. This technology changes nothing; it only amplifies. You decide how to use your tools. Whether to do good or evil.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Men|Liberty is the first condition of growth. It is wrong, a thousand times wrong, if any of you dares to say, 'I will work out the salvation of this woman or child.
Robert M. May|Hierarchical organization in biological systems thus is characterized by an exquisite array of delicately and intricately interlocked order, steadily increasing in level and complexity and thereby giving rise neogenetically to emergent properties.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|When you believe marriage is your answer, you'll often give something that eventually hurts you both.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In united families, they might sleep with half filled stomach but no one sleeps with empty stomach.
Angélica Calheiros - Nove dias para amar|He'd read once that in everyone's life there was somebody who touched a spot so deep, so precious, that the mind always retreated, in time of need, to that cherished place, seeking comfort within memories that never seemed to disappoint.
Mark Wahlberg|But I want to start a family one day, and be involved in more charities, helping children.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If you do not grasp, intellectually or spiritually, the 'One' in All, you would've lived and died as your former self - ape, et all.
Jeffrey Fry|Excellence does not come from believing in excellence, but from constant change, challenge, and improvement.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|The three jewels of Tao: compassion, moderation, and humility. Balthasar said compassion leads to courage, moderation leads to generosity, and humility leads to leadership.
Steve Maraboli|Emancipate yourself from the impotent mindset of,“It is what it is”. Life does not come labeled; it is what you make it. Dream-Plan-Execute!
Guillermo del Toro|We live in oppressive times. We have, as a nation, become our own thought police; but instead of calling the process by which we limit our expression of dissent and wonder ‘censorship,’ we call it ‘concern for commercial viability.
John Perry Barlow|My advice would be to follow your dream. Most of my life, I was in second place before I came in first place. I hope that inspired people to never give up.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Human being’s possess the cognitive ability to survey and study the biological and cultural constraints that influence us in order to gain an enhanced understanding of who each of us are. Comprehension of what comprises a self allows human beings to monitor and regulate their thoughts and actions and therefore revise and modify their sense of self. How much conscious control we assert over our minds as well as what decisions through default we leave essentially unregulated and in the sole providence of the unconscious mind determines our self-identity. Self-identity in turns affects personal decision-making, which alters our external world. The combined impact of millions of people making conscious choices exerts a profound impact upon reality, the physical world that is constantly in flux.
Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible|You came here a fighter, Maddie. Maybe you'd lost a round or two, but you were on your feet. You want to stay in Lucky Harbor? Fight for it. You want a relationship with your sisters? Fight for it.""What about you? What about a relationship with you?"He pulled back to look into her face as if memorizing her features. His voice, when he spoke, was low and gravelly with emotion. "I'm already yours. Always have been. All you have to do is step into the ring.
Justin Somper, Blood Captain|Lorcan nodded, "It'ss a beautiful night," he said. "The stars have all come out for you, Darcy." He turned to go, then had a fresh thought. "Oh and Tempest, a word to the wise..." Grace was busily gathering up the edges of Darcy's train. "Yes?" she said, glancing up at Lorcan. "What is it Furey?" Lorcan grinned."Just so you know, I've put down good money on you catching the wedding bouquet. I trust you wouldn't let me down!" as he winked at her, Grace thought his eyes never looked so blue. They were eyes you could never tire from looking at- as deep and constant and infinite as the ocean itself.
John Coyne|As for my being a horror writer, I actually think horror is a very conservative genre. The horror comes when you do something wrong--when you challenge religion or society or nature--and then you must pay. I personally consider myself a radical, but I publish conservative material. That's quite a paradox.
Aaron Sorkin|Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our self-image.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|It is mere nonsense to put pain among the discoveries of science. Lay down this book and reflect for five minutes on the fact that all the great religions were first preached, and long practiced, in a world without chloroform.
Steve Kendall|Being a reader has brought me much joy, laughter, and rich experience. But reading has also wounded me. The sacrament of reading has plowed me open and sown seeds of empathy that have taken root in deep soil. Over the years, reading has caused me to grow from a shallow, self-absorbed youth to one who seeks out the pain of the world. Reading has burdened me with the welfare of my fellow human, but sometimes the burden proves too heavy for my narrow shoulders.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|The day, like all good days, passed far too quickly.
Shannon L. Alder|The mortality rate of literary friendships is high. Writers tend to be bad risks as friends ~ probably for much the same reasons that they are bad matrimonial risks. They expend the best parts of themselves in their work. Moreover, literary ambition has a way of turning into literary competition; if fame is the spur, envy may be a concomitant.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dark Bites|anger of any kind is a dangerous emotion, it eats at the nerves and eventually makes you careless
Opoku Oduro Emmanuel|Sometimes, your future is already set, and there is nothing you can about it. there are somethings you just can't change, no matter how hard you work. Unfair, don't you think? It isn't an easy fact to accept, and I'm not telling you to, but that's just how life is. UnfairBut no matter how hard i think about it, i just believe everything in this world is beautiful. The sky, birds, bugs,frogs,flowers and even rocks. Nature is really awesome, because, if God created this world, could there really be anything dirty and ugly in it?
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.
C. S. Lewis|Man doesn't dictate what you do or how you do it. If you believe in God, believe in God; have your faith in him. That's where my faith lies.
Alanis Morissette|Children, even infants, are capable of sympathy. But only after adolescence are we capable of compassion.
Seraphim Rose, Nihilism: The Root of the Revolution of the Modern Age|Inventiveness depends upon two habits of mind, which we can adopt and develop: attention andcuriosity.Attention means paying attention.....Curiosity means just that. Endlessly curious. Endlessly asking questions. Endlessly wanting to knowhow, and why?
Cisneros Sandra|Mine is the river.where the love runs deep,that if you fall in, you'll be mine to keep.
Ray Comfort|In chess, computers show that what we call 'strategy' is reducible to tactics, ultimately. It only looks creative to us. They are still just glorified cash registers. This should make us feel uncomfortable, whether or not we think computers will ever be good composers of music or artistic painters.
Christian Adam Ribeiraud|History is the most patient of teachers. If Man doesn't get the lesson, it keeps repeating itself until he finally gets it.
Chloe Thurlow, A Girl's Adventure|There will come a timewhen the space will compress itself,and the body shall go.But, till that day I'll live ebullientlyand grow.
Karl Wiggins, GRIT The Banter and Brutality of the Late-Night Cab|Theo and Sugar dated, just like normal people only slower.He bought her heart-shaped boxes of candy and living plants for her rooftop and sent her cards, one every day by U.S. mail, each with a handwritten message.'Can't wait to see you tonight,' the first one said.'I love your laugh,' read the second.'Sorry for spilling ketchup on your dress,' came the third.She made him pork chops with honey mustard sauce and her favorite date-and-honey nut loaf and a fetching gingham jacket for Princess, who ate it the moment they turned their back on him.
George Brecht|My art is the result of a deeply personal, infinitely complex, and still essentially mysterious, exploration of experience. No words will ever touch it.
Rabindranath Tagore, Sadhana|We see her go through dangerous mood-swings, but I tried never to come right out and say "Annie was depressed and possibly suicidal that day" or "Annie seemed particularly happy that day."If I have to tell you, I lose. If, on the other hand, I can show you a silent, dirty-haired woman who compulsively gobbles cake and candy, then have you draw the conclusion that Annie is in the depressive part of a manic-depressive cycle, I win.
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|They preach the supremacy of the state, declare its omnipotence over individual man and predict its eventual domination of all peoples on the Earth. They are the focus of evil in the modern world.... So, in your discussions of the nuclear freeze proposals, I urge you to beware the temptation of pride, the temptation of blithely declaring yourselves above it all and label both sides equally at fault, to ignore the facts of history and the aggressive impulses of an evil empire, to simply call the arms race a giant misunderstanding and thereby remove yourself from the struggle between right and wrong and good and evil.
Darlene Zschech|To effectively combat the devil, you need to pray.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|All the seeming "coincidences" .... were actually God catching me in his arms.
Tammara Webber, Good For You|Tonight I want to stand on the side of a cliff and look down, dare the wind to gust and knock me off. Everyone thinks that falling to your death is the worst thing that can happen. But that’s a lie. The worst thing is to be alive for no reason.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., The Deacon's Masterpiece or the Wonderful One-Hoss Shay|There's nothing that keeps its youth, so far as I know, but a tree and truth.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Prayer is more than a plea, it is a place where we must spend time if we are to learn its power.
Kate Lord Brown, The Perfume Garden|I'm sorry you don't like coming back here," her mother often said, to cap whatever petty dust-up they'd had. How could Emily explain: it wasn't her mother or Kersey she'd disowned, but her earlier self, that strange, ungrateful girl who strove to be first at everything and threw tantrums when she failed.
Nurudeen Ushawu|For me I see the world as one big nation, where everyone in it is a citizen, so it is our responsibility to make it better.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.
Michelle Franklin, The Ship's Crew: A Marridon Novella|This book is a work of fiction.Actually, it is a work of fiction within a fiction, as the main characters, though real persons in a fictional world, are being depicted in a book which other fictional characters in the same world are reading. Any reference to historical events-- rather, historical events non-Marridonian, and also non-Sesternese-- real people—rather, people in our realm, not the persons I was referring to in the previous line-- or real places—places that are not Marridon, Sesterna, and any place on the Two Continents-- are used fictitiously, because this is a work of fiction, and is a fiction within a fiction, as was previously stated. All names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination—referring to the ultimate author, not the fictitious author who has written the book within the book-- and any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons, living, dead, or otherwise, is entirely coincidental, but any resemblance to actual persons or places in the Two Continents is intentional. Absolutely no parts of this book, text or art, may be reproduced or transmitted in any form, by any means, whether electronically or mechanically, including photocopying—“By Myrellenos, are we here in the disclaimer again? This is the third time, I believe. And there are still no cups out. Where is the teapot?”“Here, boss.”“Oh, there is tea in this story? I might be more inclined to stay and hear this one. The others were dreadful slow. I must have some tea, if I am going to be made to sit and listen to a whole book. I am not Bartleby, who can sit at his desk and flump over his tomes until he moulders.”“He’s gonna hear you, boss.”“I should say not, Rannig. He is too busy with doing the edits. He found a mistake in one of the other books about us and demanded he perform the editing this time around. The author was very good to let him do as he likes. He is missing tea, however.”--audio recording, data retrieval, cloud storage, torrent, or streaming service. If you do decide to ignore this disclaimer and print or share this book illegally, I will have Bartleby come to your house with a sample from the Marridonian legal extracts, and he will read them to you until you promise never to do anything illegal again.
Harriet Jacobs, Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl|Many of the slaves believe such stories, and think it is not worth while to exchange slavery for such a hard kind of freedom. It is difficult to persuade such that freedom could make them useful men, and enable them to protect their wives and children. If those heathen in our Christian land had as much teaching as some Hindoos, they would think otherwise. They would know that liberty is more valuable than life. They would begin to understand their own capabilities, and exert themselves to become men and women.
Daniil Kharms, Today I Wrote Nothing: The Selected Writings|To Cassidy, the panopticon wasn't a metaphor. It was the greatest failing on everything she was, a prison she had built for herself out of an inability to appear anything less than perfect. And so she ghosted on, in relentless pursuit of escape, not from society, but from herself. She would always be confined by what everyone expected of her because she was too afraid and too unwilling to correct our imperfect imaginings.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|There are two things which are mine in this world, You and my Dreams and I love them both by heart and soul....!
Idries Shah, The Sufis|A book, for the Sufis, is an instrument as much as it is something to give information....The key is the teacher.
Jennifer Wixson|There are very few of us who remember the day, the moment, when our childhood ends. For most of us, the sun sets on our innocence gradually, sliding down over the western horizon like a toboggan run down over a long, steep slope. We are never really conscious of the moment we reach the bottom of the slope; we just know that one day we wake up and the toboggan ride is over.
Sophia Amoruso|Feminism is a way of thinking and being, not a way of dressing. You know a feminist by her gaze, not her neckline.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|But equal treatment in an unequal society could still foster inequality. Because black men were disproportionately incarcerated and black women disproportionately evicted, uniformly denying housing to applicants with recent criminal or eviction records still had an incommensurate impact on African Americans.
Eydie Gorme|When I was in high school, there was 'Superbad' and 'The Girl Next Door' and 'Wedding Crashers' and all these great movies. You hope to be a part of something that's smart, funny and in that Todd Phillips-vein. You want to make something like 'Superbad.' That movie was so good and so funny.
Rosalind Miles, Guenevere, Queen of the Summer Country|She loved your mother', Taliesin said gently. 'This is her farewell.' As he spoke, a chanted melody began inside the chamber, a song without words. Yet it spoke of the beauty in the heart of the flame, of the passing glory of the white bird on the wing, and the blossom of the sea spray under the shining prow. It sang of a mother with her baby, of the hard love between men and women, and the gentle rest that comes at last to all.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|When we think a thought enough times it becomes a belief and that belief becomes a pattern which, in turn, becomes how we live our lives.
Marilyn Devonish|Sometimes in life you've got to Ctrl, Alt, Delete and let go.
lauren klarfeld|I don't know which is worse: that I'm home and so much is different, or that I'm home and so much feels the same.
Dejan Stojanovic|No reason for a feverish rush For we will all arrive in the same place At the right time. Justice will be served. There will be no better or worse, No big and small, no rewards, no punishment, No guilt, no judges, no hierarchies; Only silent equality.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|War is like a monster," he says, almost to himself. "War is the devil. It starts and it consumes and it grows and grows and grows." He's looking at me now. "And otherwise normal men become monsters, too.
Brynn Kelly, Deception Island|You're not what I expected in a pirate."He laughed, curtly. "You're not what I expected in a princess.
Martin Rees|When someone is playing drums, they aren't actually moving around a space; they're just moving their arms and limbs. They're stuck behind the drum set. So to film someone playing the drums and make it feel as kinetic as a car chase or a shootout or a battle scene was the challenge.
Michael Burawoy, Manufacturing Consent: Changes in the Labor Process Under Monopoly Capitalism|Since the Renaissance, people have had to get used to living their life on a random planet in the vast galaxy.
Paul McDonald|I had spent many years pursuing excellence, because that is what classical music is all about... Now it was dedicated to freedom, and that was far more important.
H. Russell Wakefield|Man is better off without the confusion and fear of psychic experience and his progress will be faster.' If telepathy ever becomes a possibility he was not sure it would be a good thing, '...for it may put us back in contact with the spirits of the dead and progress does not lie in that direction.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|One of the effects of original sin is an instinctive prejudice in favour of our own selfish desires. We see things as they are not, because we see them centered on ourselves. Fear, anxiety, greed, ambition and our hopeless need for pleasure all distort the image of reality that is reflected in our minds. Grace does not completely correct this distortion all at once: but it gives us a means of recognizing and allowing for it. And it tells us what we must do to correct it. Sincerity must be bought at a price: the humility to recognize our innumerable errors, and fidelity in tirelessly setting them right.
Stephen Sondheim|When I felt like an outsider, movies made me feel inside my own skill set.
Marlin Bressi, Blow Me: Hairy Adventures in the Salon Industry|Whether by plane, bus or carpet, own the magic in your ride.
Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions|The irritating question they ask us -- us being writers -- is: "Where do you get your ideas?"
Michelle Franklin|You—“ Mr Bellstrode began, and then leaning forward and sinking his voice, “You would kill for money?”“Is there any other reason to? Well, I suppose there is revenge, but that, you know, never makes one feel as well as it should when it is all said and done. Money is a much better reward than retribution. Something substantial by way of compensation for emotional wrongs is much the best cure for an injured spirit. I do provide fatal retaliation for nothing when it is deserved, but as you are neither a poor helpless wretch nor the victim of national injustice, full payment is expected.
L.R.W. Lee|One can overcome fear by acknowledging it and then choosing not to heed it." - L. R. W. Lee, Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Vivienne Westwood|Intelligence is composed mostly of imagination, insight, things that have nothing to do with reason.
Cherry Adair, Hush|You skin is so soft. Smells like…”She had to tilt him to get this other arm free and hated knowing how badly she was hurting him as she did so. “Sheer, unadulterated fear?
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|When you notice yourself desperately trying to think of an excuse to avoid a new experience out of FEAR, ANXIETY or INSECURITY, make the decision to say: "sure, I'll do it" , and see how your life improves.
Werner Heisenberg, Across the Frontiers|Not only is the Universe stranger than we think, it is stranger than we can think.
Alexi Lawless, Complicated Creatures: Part One|You don't have to be religious to hear God, you just have to be willing, and there's a big difference between the two.
Sandor Ellix Katz, Wild Fermentation: The Flavor, Nutrition, and Craft of Live-Culture Foods|I'm asked a lot what the best thing about cooking for a living is. And it's this: to be a part of a subculture. To be part of a historical continuum, a secret society with its own language and customs. To enjoy the instant gratification of making something good with one's hands--using all one's senses. It can be, at times, the purest and most unselfish way of giving pleasure (thought oral sex has to be a close second).
Michael Offutt, Slipstream|I have zero respect for knowledge, that’s what computers are for. Imagination is the kicker because imagination can extrapolate, create and solve, Knowledge is just facts and shit. Mostly irrelevant.”Kego O'Grady in The Navigator By Steve Merrick
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|I pride myself in being a deep thinker, and I want you to be one too.
Samuel Snoek-Brown, Hagridden|Tastes change, Cherie. I find the older I get the more I like to be reminded of my youth.
Atul Gawande, Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science|No matter what measures are taken, doctors will sometimes falter, and it isn't reasonable to ask that we achieve perfection. What is reasonable is to ask that we never cease to aim for it.
Heidi Tankersley, The Mod Code|It's philanthropy, but it's good politics, too. Mighty good politics. The poor are some of the most grateful people in the world. George Washington Plunkett.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sooner or later, we are going to face death; should we be making preparations while we are living?
Ralph Waldo Emerson|We cannot approach beauty. Its nature is like opaline doves'-neck lustres, hovering and evanescent. Herein it resembles the most excellent things, which all have this rainbow character, defying all attempts at appropriation and use.
Robert Morgan|I wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, and I wasn't the biggest, so I got real good at running my mouth and making people laugh and using humor as a way to not get into fights.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|Civilization is communication. When that which should be expressed and transmitted is lost, civilization comes to an end.
Susan Kirschbaum, Who Town|Preserve your own mystery. We live in an age of social media and what seems like extreme sharing of personal details. I would beg to differ that these revelations are not honest truths but more self-branding. Whatever the case, save a little bit, or a lot, for yourself. If you run around naked all the time, when the storm hits, you’ll have no raincoat.
Thomas Love Peacock, Nightmare Abbey|Raven: The Honourable Mr Listless is gone. He declared that, what with family quarrels in the morning, and ghosts at night, he could get neither sleep nor peace; and that the agitation was too much for his nerves: though Mr Glowry assured him that the ghost was only poor Crow walking in his sleep, and that the shroud and bloody turban were a sheet and a red nightcap.
Santosh Kalwar|A foolish man question: “what is love?” A madman answer: “Love is an omnipresent attribute of human life. Our appetite will always be unfulfilled for love. It is better for us because without it, earth will not rotate, seasons will not change, birds will not sing and life will not exit.” What do you think?
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|The people are like an audience watching a drama. They have characters whose sides they chose even before the start of the show, but they know little or nothing about the people behind the stage―the manipulators.
Jesse Jackson|Sigmund Freud said we act out our own dreams, but if you are only an actor you are not acting out your own dream. You are simply participating in someone else's dream.
Avi, Lord Kirkle's Money|In another corner Nathaniel murmured to Maura, "You must know, Miss O'Connell, I . . . I loved you even before I saw you. It was your father's way of talking."Maura shook her head. "You mustn't say that. It's not my dear da's words that should do the wooing," she said gently. "I'd rather be cared for . . . for what I am myself."Nathaniel nodded. "I'll not say more. But I will tell you what I think I'm going to do."And what is thatI'm going to California to search for gold."And do you think, Nathaniel Brewster, you'll find it?"I do. But it won't be as fine as what's here," Nathaniel said with a shy smile. "Maura O'Connell . . . will . . . will you . . . wait for me to come back?"Maura was silent.Will you?"You're a fine young man, Mr. Brewster. I can only say I'll not forget you.
J.R.R. Tolkien|No onslaught more fierce was ever seen in the savage world of beasts, where some desperate small creature armed with little teeth, alone, will spring upon a tower of horn and hide that stands above its fallen mate.
Farshad Asl|What makes you different us what makes you stronger. You are a masterpiece uniquely designed by God. You can have tremendous victories, love, and abundance.
Rachael Bermingham|Once upon a time, time was in the hands of the poor. Those who sensibly, reasonably, and firmly held it. Extravagance is only today and tomorrow.
Hubert Martin|She was a mimicry of a facade fashioned from the half-truths of her life. She was a beautiful abomination, patched together from the most pristine and terrible parts she could find. She was a black crystal of many cuts and facets whose dark glow suffocated and entranced those it washed over. There was a pointlessness in her eyes and apathy in her stature, and further in, past the symphonies of nightmarish screams was a blinding light. All the capability she could ever ask for kept in a place she would never reach. She chose the ice rather than the fire, shivering and hard with heat sparse, for while a flicker can exist in freeze's cold, it's heat will not radiate, no matter how bold. She took my face in hands that would make ice seem warm and whispered a blizzard into my ear, a cascading song of fear after fear. The lies she spilled, mixed with regrets and appeal, were cloaked in the inferno of her rage, the anger, the only thing that really made her real. This was her one semblance of life, a bottomless and endless void of proportions vast with a calamity of fusion and fission streaking through, a mindless hue, an emotion with a face, a darling of her race. The cracks spew darkness from within her ever so pale skin. They congregated on her curves and flesh in black and churning rivers and streams. They flooded every dip with blackness. They filled every hollow with unstable curiosity, this is her release, this is when she is free. The faces of deceit always laugh, they never wallow for their lies are a pleasure tool, her insides are contorted in laughter the same way, just as slick, just as cruel. A crude combination of fascination, of animation, of the darkest demons of them all. She was poetry written in pen, scratched and scribbled again and again. Ink splattered across the page, and within those scrawled words, those small, sharp incisions, an image can be seen, and you're left to wonder what, in the end, this all could mean...
Gloria Steinem|I don't like greed, I don't like ignorance. I really don't like anger. But I love love.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|Raven looks at me. “What about you, Lena?”I can feel Alex’s eyes on me. My mouth is so dry; the sun is so blinding. I look away, toward the hundreds and hundreds of people who have been driven out of their homes, out of their lives, to this place of dust and dirtiness, all because they wanted the power to feel, to think, to choose for themselves. They couldn’t have known that even this was a lie—that we never really choose, not entirely. We are always being pushed and squeezed down one road or another. We have no choice but to step forward, and then step forward again, and then step forward again; suddenly we find ourselves on a road we haven’t chosen at all.But maybe happiness isn’t in the choosing. Maybe it’s in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.Coral shifts, and moves her hand to Alex’s arm.“I’m with Julian,” I say at last. This, after all, is what I have chosen.
Rashmit Kalra|Love is the state of being; it is not a personal feeling directed to a particular someone. Love is beyond romance and attraction.Love is when it doesn't matter when you get that person or not because you have met your own self through that person and that self will always be with you....within you.Love is not your loftiest fantasy you always thought will happen to you. Love is not wanting someone at any cost and cursing them if you do not "get" them. Love is who you are - your very essence felt and experienced by all that come into your vicinity
Lailah Gifty Akita|a man in earnest finds means, or if he cannot find he creates them. A vigorous purpose makes much out of little, breathes power into weak instruments, disarms difficulties, and even turns them into assistances. Every condition has means of progress, if we have spirit enough to use them.
Ellen Bass, The Human Line|If You KnewWhat if you knew you'd be the lastto touch someone?If you were taking tickets, for example,at the theater, tearing them,giving back the ragged stubs,you might take care to touch that palmbrush your fingertipsalong the lifeline's crease.When a man pulls his wheeled suitcasetoo slowly through the airport, whenthe car in front of me doesn't signal,when the clerk at the pharmacywon't say thank you, I don't rememberthey're going to die.A friend told me she'd been with her aunt.They'd just had lunch and the waiter,a young gay man with plum black eyes,joked as he served the coffee, kissedher aunt's powdered cheek when they left.Then they walked half a block and her auntdropped dead on the sidewalk.How close does the dragon's spumehave to come? How wide does the crackin heaven have to split?What would people look likeif we could see them as they are,soaked in honey, stung and swollen,reckless, pinned against time?
Bebe Neuwirth|We are not for disarming people. When you have an epidemic it's a public health issue, a safety issue.
Lyndon B. Johnson|I appreciate my brother, His Highness Sheikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the U.A.E. and Ruler of Dubai, and the Council of Ministers, who face every morning challenges, but plan and remove all obstacles to score achievements.
Roxanne Snopek|Before she could ponder what on earth he meant or come up with a proper response, he took their charade a step further.He kissed her.
honeya|Let's accept it that we remember people only when we have some work and only our Mother‬ remembers us and calls us for no reason, just to know how we are doing!
Groucho Marx|Before I speak, I have something important to say.
Holly Smale, Model Misfit|1. You left a multipack of Mars Bars on top of your wardrobe. Can I have one? Dad x2. I had three. Hope that's OK. Dad x3. I'm just going to have one more. Dad x4. Harriet, your Dad's made himself sick on an entire multipack of Mars Bars again. Please don't leave sweets where we can find them. A x
Jason G. Miller, Financial Sorcery: Magical Strategies to Create Real and Lasting Wealth|Throw away thy rod, throw away thy wrath; O my God, take the gentle path.
Ellie Rose McKee|In my experience, desire is desire, love is love. I have never fallen in love with a gender.I have fallen for individuals. I know this is hard for people to do, but I don't understand why it's so hard, when it's so obvious.
Shay Mitchell|For a few months when I was about 17, I smoked a small cigar because I thought it looked cool and it would get me the girls. It didn't.
Helen Hunt Jackson|"Tut  tut  child " said the Duchess. "Everything's got a moral if only you can find it."
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|There are times when the world is rearranging itself, and at times like that, the right words can change the world.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes, after shedding all the loads with the view of making your heavy and sinking boat lighter so that you can sail and move on with the journey of purposeful life, you realize that there is one more thing to offload: disobedience, and there is one more thing to load: absolute faith!
Beverly Rycroft, A Slim Green Silence|Once there was and once there was not a devout, God-fearing man who lived his entire life according to stoic principles. He died on his fortieth birthday and woke up floating in nothing. Now, mind you, floating in nothing was comforting, light-less, airless, like a mother’s womb. This man was grateful.But then he decided he would love to have sturdy ground beneath his feet, so he would feel more solid himself. Lo and behold, he was standing on earth. He knew it to be earth, for he knew the feel of it.Yet he wanted to see. I desire light, he thought, and light appeared. I want sunlight, not any light, and at night it shall be moonlight. His desires were granted. Let there be grass. I love the feel of grass beneath my feet. And so it was. I no longer wish to be naked. Only robes of the finest silk must touch my skin. And shelter, I need a grand palace whose entrance has double-sided stairs, and the floors must be marble and the carpets Persian. And food, the finest of food. His breakfast was English; his midmorning snack French. His lunch was Chinese. His afternoon tea was Indian. His supper was Italian, and his late-night snack was Lebanese. Libation? He had the best of wines, of course, and champagne. And company, the finest of company. He demanded poets and writers, thinkers and philosophers, hakawatis and musicians, fools and clowns.And then he desired sex.He asked for light-skinned women and dark-skinned, blondes and brunettes, Chinese, South Asian, African, Scandinavian. He asked for them singly and two at a time, and in the evenings he had orgies. He asked for younger girls, after which he asked for older women, just to try. The he tried men, muscular men, skinny men. Then boys. Then boys and girls together.Then he got bored. He tried sex with food. Boys with Chinese, girls with Indian. Redheads with ice cream. Then he tried sex with company. He fucked the poet. Everybody fucked the poet.But again he got bored. The days were endless. Coming up with new ideas became tiring and tiresome. Every desire he could ever think of was satisfied.He had had enough. He walked out of his house, looked up at the glorious sky, and said, “Dear God. I thank You for Your abundance, but I cannot stand it here anymore. I would rather be anywhere else. I would rather be in hell.”And the booming voice from above replied, “And where do you think you are?
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|Maybe I should let my faithful manservant answer the rest of your questions, since he seems to have all the answers.""I'm saving her time," Bodie replied. "She brings you a redhead, you'll give her grief. Look for women with class, Annabelle. That's most important. The sophisticated types who went to boarding schools and speak French. She has to be the real thing because he can spot a phony a mile away. And he likes them athletic.""Of course he does," she said dryly. "Athletic, domestic, gorgeous, brilliant, socially connected, and pathologically submissive. It'll be a snap.""You forgot hot." Heath smiled. "And defeatist thinking is for losers. If you want to be a success in this world, Annabelle, you need a positive attitude. Whatever the client wants, you get it for him. First rule of a successful business.""Uh-huh. What about career women?""I don't see how that would work.""The kind of potential mate you're describing isn't going to be sitting around waiting for her prince to show up. She's heading a major corporation. In between those Victoria's Secret modeling gigs."He lifted an eyebrow. "Attitude, Annabelle. Attitude.
Alain de Botton, The Art of Travel|Instead of bringing back 1600 plants, we might return from our journeys with a collection of small unfêted but life-enhancing thoughts.
Belle Boyd|Joy doesn't betray but sustains activism. And when you face a politics that aspires to make you fearful, alienated and isolated, joy is a fine initial act of insurrection.
Maya Banks, Highlander Most Wanted|Twas such a useless thing. And so unnecessary. Many had suffered for the actions of a few. Wasn't that always the way of things? The collective suffered for the actions of an inept, ineffectual leader.
Nikki Rowe|It was electric and we couldn't deny it anymore, even when our words spoke different the energy we drew from each-other spoke too loud, it was almost impossible to ignore.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|...what else would a poet priest do on an endless night, but write of love?...
Karen   White, The Memory of Water|They say that not matter how old you become, when you are with your siblings, you revert back to childhood.
Frank E. Armstrong|You have to Learn to know yourself, before you can know what you need to Learn.
Amy Schumer, The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo|Love yourself! You don’t need a man or a boy or a self-proclaimed love expert to tell you what you’re worth. Your power comes from who you are and what you do! You don't need all that noise, that constant hum in the background telling you whether or not you're good enough. All you need is you, your friends, and your family. And you will find the right person for you, if that's what you want - the one who respects your strength and beauty.
Elizabeth Langston, Wishing for You|Because as much as she thought she wanted safety, wanted security and reliability, the kiss had shifted something in her.
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|She could hear her hair growing. It sounded like something crumbling. A burnt thing crumbling. Coal. Toast. Moths crisped on a light bulb. She remembered reading somewhere that even after people died, their hair and nails kept growing. Like starlight, travelling through the universe long after the stars themselves had died. Like cities. Fizzy, effervescent, simulating the illusion of life while the planet they had plundered died around them.
Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life|Each day we wake up and make myriad choices that affect others. We clothe ourselves with shirts, pants, and shoes that may have been sewn together by women working in factories fourteen-plus hours a day for a nonliving wage; we buy products manufactured in ways the destroy forests, pollute waterways, and poison the air; we wash our hair with shampoos that may have been squeezed into the eyes of conscious rabbits or force-fed to them in quantities that kill; and on and on. As Derrick Jensen has written in his book "The Culture of Make Believe", "It is possible to destroy a culture without being aware of its existence. It is possible to commit genocide or ecocide from the comfort of one's living room
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|The Lush hadn’t driven in almost a decade - ever since she got in an accident that shook her so badly she refused to get behind the wheel. As you can imagine, someone nicknamed The Lush wouldn’t make a good DD anyway. I’d known her about a year before ever seeing her sober.
Holbrook Jackson|I don't have much patience for people who are self-conscious about the act of eating, and it irritates me when someone denies themselves the pleasure of a bloody hunk of steak or a pungent French cheese because of some outdated nonsense about what's appropriate or attractive.
Ariana Grande|On Thanksgiving I will stop to give thanks that my family is safe and healthy, especially because I realize that, following the tragedies of this year, it is all too real a possibility that they might not have been.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Prove to the world that you are alive, let your words breathe life into the nostrils of the universe.
T.L. Martin, Touched by Death|Darkness watches me from every angle. My only friend. From its own place within the silence, it speaks to me in a strange way. It whispers secrets in my ear, telling me this is where I’m meant to be. It’s so certain, not a trace of doubt. And I think . . . I think it may be right.
Jason Silva|Mass application of technological innovations, which constitutes much of the distinctive substance of modern economic growth, is closely connected with the further progress of science, in its turn the basis for additional advance in technology.
Tim Fargo|Opportunity doesn't make appointments, you have to be ready when it arrives.
Dada Bhagwan|Business has two ‘children’. One is called ‘loss’ and the other ‘profit’. No one likes the one called ‘loss’, but both are indeed there. They are born together.
Roger de Rabutin de Bussy|Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it inflames the great.
Warren Buffett|You want a friend who's going to tell you the truth. That's what it's about. If you don't have a friend who's going to tell you the truth every time something comes up, you feel like he's not a true friend.
Michael Makai, Domination & Submission: The BDSM Relationship Handbook|There's nothing sexier than confidence, and nothing dumber than over-confidence. Life is all about where you draw the line between the two.
John R. Dallas Jr.|The dark side is emotion, Bane. Anger, hate, love, lust. These are what make us strong, Peace is a lie. There is only passion. Your passion is still there, Bane. Seek it out. Reclaim it.
Javier Marías, A Heart So White|I have a tendency to want to understand everything people say and everything I hear, both at work and outside, even at a distance, even if it’s one of the innumerable languages I don’t know, even if it’s in an indistinguishable murmur or imperceptible whisper, even if it would be better that I didn’t understand and what’s said is not intended for my ears or is said precisely so I won’t understand it.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Before marriage she thought hserself in love; but the happiness that should have followed this love not having come, she must, she thought, have been mistaken. And Emma tried to find out what one meant exactly in life by the words felicity, passion, rapture, that had seemed to her so beautiful in books.
R.J. Craddock, The Forsaken|He was, as every truly great poet has ever been, a good man; but finding it impossible to realize his own aspirations, either in religion or politics, or society, he gave up his heart to the living spirit and light within him, and avenged himself on the world by enriching it with this record of his own transcendental ideal.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Mindful Being|Mindfulness is continuous undisturbed awareness of the present moment. Fully aware of here, and now, we pay attention to what is happening right in front of us, we set aside our mental and emotional baggage. To be mindful we have to re-train our mind.
Dean Koontz, Winter Moon|It was so easy to be wise in the explanation of an experience one has not personally witnessed.("The Wendigo")
Alec Baldwin|In the '50s, too many women, even though they were very smart, they tried to make the man feel that he was brainier. It was a sad thing.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Your life is your artwork and you are to paint life as a beautiful struggle. With your brush, paint the colors of joy in vibrant shades of red. Color the sky a baby blue, a color as free as your heart. With rich, earthy tones shade the valleys that run deep into the ground where heaven meets hell. Life is as chaotic as the color black, a blend of all colors, and this makes life a beautiful struggle. Be grateful for the green that makes up the beautiful canvas, for nature has given you everything that you need to be happy. Most of all, don’t ever feel the need to fill the entire canvas with paint, for the places left blank are the most honest expressions of who you are.
Milan Kundera|We've been here dozen of times since we met, but this precious month before the baby is born feels like a last first date. There's a different kind of romance beginning. We will never again be entirely alone in the world
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|until the stone becomes soft, it cannot attach itself to the wall.
Brené Brown|If you trade your authenticity for safety, you may experience the following: anxiety, depression, eating disorders, addiction, rage, blame, resentment, and inexplicable grief.
Rebecca Harris, Be the Death of Me|Go to the cops then!” I shout. “But mind if I ask what you plan on telling them? Because saying two dead teenagers came to you in the middle of the night and told you something or someone is going to kill you is only going to get you locked in a cozy, padded cell.”“Well, it has to be better than spending another second with you.”“Make sure they put that on your headstone, will you? Right below ‘Here lies Benedict Bartholomew Ford. He had no friends and a really stupid name’.
Ian Morgan Cron, Jesus, My Father, The CIA, and Me: A Memoir. . . of Sorts|His will to live was waning, and it made him almost transparent, as though rather than dying, he might just disappear one day, leaving behind only a vague scent of regret.
Andy Warhol|I suspect the real reason the N.F.L. and N.B.A. don't want high schoolers and college underclassmen to play with their ball is that they don't want to jeopardize their relationship with National Collegiate Athletic Association, which serves as a sort of free minor league and unpaid promotional department for the pros.
Terence McKenna|One of the Silent Brothers is here to see you. Hodge sent me to wake you up. Actually he offered to wake you himself, but since it's 5 a.m., I figured you'd be less cranky if you had something nice to look at.""Meaning you?""What else?
Lui Che Woo|We believe the use of force against Iraq, especially with reference to previous resolutions of the UN Security Council, has no grounds, including legal grounds.
Linda Howard, White Lies|His head jerked up. For another moment he was motionless. Her lips were parted slightly, trembling. Her eyes looked heavy. Her nipples were hard little circles plainly visible though the wet dress, her arms limp at her sides as she let him look. He shuddered, and his control snapped.	She couldn't move. He walked toward her without taking his gaze from her, without seeing or hearing anything else, a primal male animal intent on mating. He was breathing hard and deep, his nostrils flaring. Water dripped off him as he moved. She waited, shaking with need and fear, because he was out of control and she knew it. It was an exhilarating terror, freezing her but at the same filling her with an anticipation so acute she was almost in pain.	Then his hands were on her, and she moaned aloud from the sudden release of tension.	She didn't have time to respond. She had expected to be swept up in his arms and carried to bed, but he had gone far beyond paying attention to niceties. Nothing mattered to him but to have her, right then.
Adam Carolla|The only trouble here is they won't let us study enough. They are so afraid we shall break down and you know the reputation of the College is at stake, for the question is, can girls get a college degree without ruining their health?
Julia Quinn, The Secret Diaries of Miss Miranda Cheever|You've always been there for me. Always. Even when I…" V"Even when you what?" B"You know." V"What?" B"Fuck. Even when I was in love with you. Or some shit." VButch clasped his hands to his chest. "Was? Was? I can't believe you've lost interest." He threw one arm over his eyes, all Sarah Bernhardt. "My dreams of our future are shattered—" B"Shut it, cop." VButch looked out from under his arm. "Are you kidding me? The reality show I had planned was fantastic. Was going to pitch it to VH1. Two Bites Are Better Than One. We were going to make millions ." B"Oh, for the love.
Thich Nhat Hanh|I like to feel the butterflies in the stomach, I like to go home and have a restless night and wonder how I'm going to be able to accomplish this feat, get jittery. That hunger and those butterflies in the stomach are very essential for all creative people.
Stewart Stafford|Don’t listen to advice. Give yourself the freedom to make your own errors, it’s the only way you’ll learn.
Jim Butcher, Turn Coat|As far as the Council is concerned, the U.S. Wardens are a bunch of mushrooms.""Eh?""Kept in the dark and fed on bullshit.
S.L. Jennings, Taint|But neither Europe nor Africa can show any such desolation as America. The proudest, stubbornest, bitterest peasant of deserted Spain, the most primitive and superstitious Arab of the remotest oases, are a little more than kin and never less than kind at their worst; whereas in the United States one is almost always conscious of an instinctive lack of sympathy and understanding with even the most charming and cultured people.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of.
Harry W. Kroto|The humanitarian philosophies that have been developed (sometimes under some religious banner and invariably in the face of religious opposition) are human inventions, as the name implies - and our species deserves the credit. I am a devout atheist - nothing else makes any sense to me and I must admit to being bewildered by those, who in the face of what appears so obvious, still believe in a mystical creator. However I can see that the promise of infinite immortality is a more palatable proposition than the absolute certainty of finite mortality which those of us who are subject to free thought (as opposed to free will) have to look forward to and many may not have the strength of character to accept it.Thus I am a supporter of Amnesty International, a humanist and an atheist. I believe in a secular, democratic society in which women and men have total equality, and individuals can pursue their lives as they wish, free of constraints - religious or otherwise. I feel that the difficult ethical and social problems which invariably arise must be solved, as best they can, by discussion and am opposed to the crude simplistic application of dogmatic rules invented in past millennia and ascribed to a plethora of mystical creators - or the latest invention; a single creator masquerading under a plethora of pseudonyms. Organisations which seek political influence by co-ordinated effort disturb me and thus I believe religious and related pressure groups which operate in this way are acting antidemocratically and should play no part in politics. I also have problems with those who preach racist and related ideologies which seem almost indistinguishable from nationalism, patriotism and religious conviction.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|The ability to tell your own story, in words or images, is already a victory, already a revolt.
Robert Moss|…everything may be done in a right way or a wrong; the right way is to do it as well as we can, as in God’s sight; the wrong is to do it in a self-seeking spirit, which either leads us to neglect it to follow out some device of our own before and after the doing.
Jes Dory, Isle|Oh my," she said as though to herself. "The rumors are true, you have been kept in the dark.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|It would be very nice if there were a God who created the world and was a benevolent providence, and if there were a moral order in the universe and an after-life; but it is a very striking fact that all this is exactly as we are bound to wish it to be.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|The world has nothing to offer me, no single shred of interest. I'm a woman trapped on a balcony, watching a passing parade, a blur of noise and motion that eventually turns to a single point on the horizon, a gutter full of trampled and muddy cups, and the sense of wasting an afternoon.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|So why don’t we take the step of setting goals for ourselves? One reason that stands out is that we aren’t willing to accept full responsibility for our lives. If we don’t set goals, then we don’t have to reach them. Another excuse is that goal setting has never been part of our lives or culture. As a result, we may end up mixing with people who have no clear idea where they are headed, becoming a person who “follows the followers.
Gretchen Rubin|Mother Nature is always speaking. She speaks in a language understood within the peaceful mind of the sincere observer. Leopards, cobras, monkeys, rivers and trees; they all served as my teachers when I lived as a wanderer in the Himalayan foothills.
Erich Maria Remarque, The Black Obelisk|Может быть, у смерти совсем другое имя. Мы ведь видим ее всегда только с одной стороны. Может быть, смерть - это совершенная любовь между нами и Богом.
Kyle Schmalenberg|The depth of a man is a limit only he can know, should he have the courage to explore into the dark.
Will Barnes, The Expansion of The Soul|When the world turns and and we operate at our own personal vibration, it is in our power to withhold our dignity and integrity at the highest possible frequency, with this as an active force, we can command our reality in the physical realm. Justly, we shall take all the opportunity that manifests itself in arms reach. To be one, and to have and do what we dream is concurrent only on a high wavelength, and operative to those who seek a higher sense of self. Are you ready to expand to these levels of operation? Have you taken the steps? Step forward and release all your fears.
James Buchan|I wrote poetry, which got me into lyrics. Stevie Wonder, Carole King, Elton John pulled me into pop. I started singing with a band - just for fun - when I was 17. And pretty soon, I was thinking I could sing pop in English as well as Spanish.
Ron Kind|So, whenever Scooter was the Pilot, he never had a chance to fly the orbiter. So, the joke is: I'm going to have a chance to fly it first and hand it over to him.
Anthony T. Hincks|When you live in a glass house,buying curtains for the windows doesn't help.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I cried to the Lord. He heard my tears of prayer, from His holy hill.
Rohinton Mistry|The more degrees of freedom there are in practice, the wider the discussion and debate can be.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Do people always fall in love with things they can't have?''Always,' Carol said, smiling, too.
Pema Chödrön, Comfortable with Uncertainty: 108 Teachings on Cultivating Fearlessness and Compassion|Meditation practice is how we discover basic goodness and learn to cultivate bodhichitta. With this view, practice, and activity, even the most mundane situation becomes a vehicle for awakening.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|And for all those years, we never talked about the disaster at the recital or my terrible accusations afterward at the piano bench. All that remained unchecked, like a betrayal that was now unbreakable. So I never found a way to ask her why she had hoped something so large that failure was inevitable. And even worse, I never asked her what frightened me the most: Why had she given up hope?
Sandhya Jane, Second Spring|The human feelings, which had never been very deep in him, grew shallower every hour, and every day something more dropped away from the decrepit wreck.
Jean Baudrillard, The Transparency of Evil: Essays in Extreme Phenomena|At the fourth, the fractal (or viral, or radiant) stage of value, there is no point of reference at all, and value radiates in all directions, occupying all interstices, without reference to anything whatsoever, by virtue of pure contiguity. At the fractal stage there is no longer any equivalence, whether natural or general. Properly speaking there is now no law of value, merely a sort of epidemic of value, a sort of general metastasis of value, a haphazard proliferation and dispersal of value. Indeed, we should really no longer speak of 'value' at all, for this kind of propagation or chain reaction makes all valuation possible.
Robert Kennedy|All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
bell hooks, Teaching Community: A Pedagogy of Hope|The function of the well-intentioned individual, acting in isolation, is to formulate or disseminate theoretical truths. The function of the well-intentioned individuals in association is to live in accordance with those truths, to demonstrate what happens when theory is translated into practice, to create small-scale working models of the better form of society to which the speculative idealist looks forward.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I don't think I'm from this galaxy at all. I believe I came from the Andromeda galaxy, not so far, but far enough. Maybe that's why I'm an outcast.' He drew the spiral of Andromeda close to the Milky Way, almost touching. Then he pointed to Andromeda in the night sky above us.'Maybe that's where I'm from too,' my father said. We could still see the stars.
George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion|Oooh you think I'm cute when I'm angry?? Well get ready, cause I'm about to get GORGEOUS!
Matshona Dhliwayo|The heart is a wanderer, the mind is its map; love is its destination.
Meredith Marple, What Took So Long?: A Group-Phobic, Uncomfortable Competitor's Journey to Mahjong - A Memoir Essay|What I don't like is what it sometimes takes to win. Backstabbing. Manipulation. Out-and-out bribery once in a while, and not always the monetary kind.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Tis the old wind in the old anger,But then it threshed another wood.
Unarine Ramaru|One asset every leader, shouldn't risk anything to lose at all cost, is team confidence.
Alexander Pushkin, Dubrovsky|Tell him that riches will not procure for you a single moment of happiness. Luxury consoles poverty alone, and at that only for a short time, until one becomes accustomed to it.
Jerson Armecin|Socialists are convinced socialism will work if it's only managed by the right people. It's one of the reasons so many socialist countries wind up led by dictators. Socialist leaders inevitably become convinced that only they can manage the state properly, so it would be folly, they reason, to give up their hard-won power. That's how socialism always seems to wind up with people like Stalin, Hitler, Pol Pot and Chairman Mao in charge.
Bill Hader|Punk rock has never really had much patience with musical virtuosity. Actually, it'd be more accurate to say that for most of its history, punk has been actively hostile to virtuosity.
Kenneth Eade, Predatory Kill|Actually, Bush, technically speaking, is not really President-because he refused to take the Oath of Office. I don’t know how many of you noticed this, but the wording of the Oath of Office is written in the Constitution, so you can’t fool around with it-and Bush refused to read it. The Oath of Of­fice says something about, ”I promise to do this, that, and the other thing,” and Bush added the words, ”so help me God.” Well, that’s illegal: he’s not President, if anybody cares.
Natasha Lyonne|I would call it a comedy variety show. We have some people just doing straight standup. We usually try to have one musical act of sort. So its just people being funny in different ways, not just sketch, not just standup, not just characters, all of those things.
Lisa Henry, Heidi Belleau|People don't say what they mean very often. You have to read between the lines of their behavior, of what they say, to get to what they truly feel. That's what good literature is all about-- what Austen did better than anyone.
Linda Kage, A Fallow Heart|His veins were dark with a vivid belladonna tincture, the essence of jealousy.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Can I request another peer guide, One who isn't so happy to be at school at 7:30 a.m.?
Jacques Monod, Chance and Necessity|Among all the occurrences possible in the universe the a priori probability of any particular one of them verges upon zero. Yet the universe exists; particular events must take place in it, the probability of which (before the event) was infinitesimal. At the present time we have no legitimate grounds for either asserting or denying that life got off to but a single start on earth, and that, as a consequence, before it appeared its chances of occurring were next to nil. ... Destiny is written concurrently with the event, not prior to it... The universe was not pregnant with life nor the biosphere with man. Our number came up in the Monte Carlo game. Is it surprising that, like the person who has just made a million at the casino, we should feel strange and a little unreal?
Rachel Caine, Last Breath|No,” Shane said. “I’m not leaving you two here alone. We stick together.”“I’m still not kissing you,” Michael said.“Tease.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night|Lives of great men all remind usWe can make our lives sublime,And, departing, leave behind usFootprints on the sands of time;Footprints, that perhaps another,Sailing o'er life's solemn main,A forlorn and shipwrecked brother,Seeing, shall take heart again.
Emma Goldman, Anarchism and Other Essays|Love, the strongest and deepest element in all life, the harbinger of hope, of joy, of ecstasy; love, the defier of all laws, of all conventions; love, the freest, the most powerful moulder of human destiny; how can such an all-compelling force be synonymous with that poor little State and Church-begotten weed, marriage?love,
Alberto Moravia, The Woman of Rome|I gave up the unequal struggle against what appeared to be in my fate, indeed, I welcomed it with more affection. As one embraces a foe one can't defeat and I felt liberated.
Joey Lawsin, Originemology|Everything is a tool.Every tool has a purpose.Every purpose always ends with a result.The end result is always a reward.In Nature, it is dubbed as materialization.In Mathematics, it is known as solution.In Life, it is defined as self-gratification.In Human terms, it is called Happiness.
Neil Gaiman, Fables and Reflections|I must confess, I have always wondered what lay beyond life, my dear.Yeah, everybody wonders. And sooner or later everybody gets to find out.
Debra Moffitt, Garden of Bliss: Cultivating the Inner Landscape for Self-Discovery|But when the world is, indeed, in chaos, then an affirmation of cosmos becomes essential.
Chip Kidd, The Cheese Monkeys|There is a terrible truthfulness about photography. The ordinary academician gets hold of a pretty model, paints her as well as he can, calls her Juliet, and puts a nice verse Shakespeare underneath, and the picture is admired beyond measure. The photographer finds the same pretty girl, he dresses her up and photographs her, and calls her Juliet, but somehow it is no good – it is still Miss Wilkins, the model. It is too true to be Juliet.George Bernard ShawWilson’s Photographic Magazine, LVI, 1909
Amy Carlson|I write best in the morning, and I can only write for about half a day, that's about it.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a Scientist Who Found Himself by Getting Lost|There are pockets of time, she thinks, where every sense rings like a bell, where the world brims with fleeting grace.
Colleen Houck|Were you always such a stubborn, blind, obtuse girl?”“Are you calling me stupid?”“Yes, but in a more poetic way!”“Well, here’s a poem for you. Get lost!
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|There is a natural magic in the feeling of love that has been nourished by Mother Nature through millions of years. It can make you reach the zenith of your true potential. It can awaken your mind towards your deepest powers, and make you endowed with tools of greatness that you can never access in an ordinary state of mind.
Joe Abercrombie, The Blade Itself|West couldn't simply leave the man like this, he didn't have it in him."Goodman Heath," he said as he approached, and the peasant looked up at him, surprised. He fumbled for his hat and made to rise, muttering apologies."No, please, don't get up." West sat down on the bench. He stared at his feet, unable to look the man in the eye. There was an awkward silence. "I have a friend who sits on the Commission for Land and Agriculture. There might be something he can do for you…" He trailed off, embarrassed, squinting up the corridor.The farmer gave a sad smile. "I'd be right grateful for anything you could do.""Yes, yes, of course, I'll do what I can." It would do no good whatsoever, and they both knew it. West grimaced and bit his lip. "You'd better take this," and he pressed his purse into the peasant's limp, calloused fingers. Heath looked at him, mouth slightly open. West gave a quick, awkward smile then got to his feet. He was very keen to be off."Sir!" called Goodman Heath after him, but West was already hurrying down the corridor, and he didn't look back.
Tom Wallace|Trader has to reverse what you might call his natural impulses. Instead of hoping he must fear; instead of fearing he must hope. He must fear that his loss may develop into a much bigger loss, and hope that his profit may become a big profit.
Terry Goodkind|If the road is easy, you're likely going the wrong way.
George Orwell|Many people genuinely do not wish to be saints, and it is possible that some who achieve or aspire to sainthood have never had much temptation to be human beings.
David Ackert|Musicians are some of the most driven, courageous people on the face of the earth. They deal with more day-to-day rejection in one year than most people do in a lifetime. Every day, they face the financial challenge of living a freelance lifestyle, the disrespect of people who think they should get real jobs, and their own fear that they’ll never work again. Every day, they have to ignore the possibility that the vision they have dedicated their lives to is a pipe dream. With every note, they stretch themselves, emotionally and physically, risking criticism and judgement. With every passing year, many of them watch as the other people their age achieve the predictable milestones of normal life – the car, the family, the house, the nest egg. Why? Because musicians are willing to give their entire lives to a moment – to that melody, that lyric, that chord, or that interpretation that will stir the audience’s soul. Musicians are beings who have tasted life’s nectar in that crystal moment when they poured out their creative spirit and touched another’s heart. In that instant, they were as close to magic, God, and perfection as anyone could ever be. And in their own hearts, they know that to dedicate oneself to that moment is worth a thousand lifetimes.
Paul Tillich|Faith includes both an immediate awareness of something unconditional and the courage to take the risk of uncertainty upon itself. Faith says "Yes" in spite of the anxiety of "No."Biblical Religion and the Search for Ultimate Reality
Malcolm Gladwell|Intuition comes in several forms:- a sudden flash of insight, visual or auditory- a predictive dream- a spinal shiver of recognition as something is occurring or told to you- a sense of knowing something already- a sense of deja vu - a snapshot image of a future scene or event- knowledge, perspective or understanding divined from tools which respond to the subconscious mind
Hanif Hassan Barbhuiya|I'm not talking about the scars that separate your skin, Parker. I'm not blind, I can see those. I'm talking about the scars much deeper than that. The scars that exist within you. The ones you actually try to hide.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|Mocking a woman is like drinking too much wine. It may be fun for a short time, but the hangover is hell.
Henry Hon, ONE: Unfolding God's Eternal Purpose from House to House|Always be prepared. Preparation with the anointing of the Holy Spirit secures success. Not being prepared and not having the anointing of the Holy Spirit, spells utter disaster
Courtney Allison Moulton, Angelfire|Thus every matter, if it is to be done well, calls for the attention of the whole person.
Virginia Boecker, The Witch Hunter|She tore her eyes from his abs and gave in to the temptation to look further down. Over his kilt her eyes wandered and stopped, speculating on the promising bulge beneath the blue tartan.	"Hope you like what you see...
Chavela Vargas|And as long as you are in any way ashamed before yourself, you do not yet belong with us.
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|He's gone now. He did something terrible, but...he did good things, too. And he kept us well. And it's all right if you are sad.
Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine|When our God who is Mercy comes like a shout into your darkness, when the Father stoops down and tenderly picks up the pieces of your broken life, when Jesus steps in front of what you could have deserved, and when the the Lord of Heaven says, “I still want you,” after you thought no one would, it is the most amazing truth of all. I have been overwhelmed by this lavish kingdom gift called Mercy.
Stephanie Rische, I Was Blind (Dating), But Now I See: My Misadventures in Dating, Waiting, and Stumbling into Love|Maybe that's the definition of true contentment: choosing to rest in who God is, regardless of the circumstances.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|Give me a literary love that doesn't need words, that flows like silent water and speaks to the bone. There I lose myself in the fantasy.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|In a moral dilemma where you lost something either way, making the choice would feel bad either way, so you could temporarily save yourself a little mental pain by refusing to decide. At the cost of not being able to plan anything in advance, and at the cost of incurring a huge bias toward inaction or waiting until too late...
Yesenia Barkley|We'll all be better off the day we stop letting unhappy, unsuccessful people tell us how to be happy and successful. You already know the way... follow it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Free your mind. Disentangle your mindset from what can set your mind from your true purpose. Dare when you have to. Enjoy when it is a must. Relax when there is the need to, but, don’t spend the time. Don’t let wealth be a hindrance to fulfilling your true you. Don’t let poverty captivate your true you. Don’t let the environment engulf your true purpose; if possible flee to be free to dare. We all have excuses. Yourself is the most important factor in fulfilling your true you. Free your mind!!!
Tony Dovale|If you are not successful yet, the mindset that got you to where you are today, Cannot get you to where you dream to be tomorrow!You need to Rethink Your Mindset to Ensure Success.
Temple West, Velvet|. In gym, she would purposely get on the opposite team of me and since we were still doing dodge ball; she would try to hit me. This brings us to one of the only things I understood from my brother and dad when they were explaining stuff to me: I now had quicker reflexes thanks to the awakened shifter gene. She couldn’t hit me even if the ball got launched by a canon.Well, maybe not a canon, but something that would launch it pretty fast.
Richie Norton|The Great Wall of Facebook:Having just visited the Great Wall of China, I'm thinking about the walls we build on FB. They are real. They keep people in and others out.Build your wall carefully by answering this question:What are you building your wall around?
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|I love the way music inside a car makes you feel invisible; if you play the stereo at max volume, it's almost like the other people can't see into your vehicle. It tints your windows, somehow.
Paulo Freire|When it comes to college education, American families are paying more and getting less.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die|I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in
Jaleigh Johnson, The Secrets of Solace|Torque was the greatest thing in the world, as far as Lina was concerned.
Sammy Toora|If you want the advice of an old man, don't be afraid of making mistakes. That's life. Just be sure you're making them for the right reason.
D.J. MacHale, Raven Rise|I'm the terrorist, do what I say or I'll terrorize you.
Rae Hachton, Frankie's Monster|They had lied, those who had extolled the virtues of love—its pleasures, its sublimity—those who had told her that it was beautiful and worthwhile.There was nothing beautiful abo
Maxine Clair, October Suite|Predictability is not how things will go, but how they can go.
Gordon Strachan|I grew up watching Salman Khan and Arnold Schwarzenegger, who have always juggled fitness with acting. In real life, I'm a fitness freak. Besides, it is nice to look at an actor who is fit, and if you become a role model, that's a perk.
Terri Haynes Roach|Trust your instincts, love with your whole heart, forgive, and never take anything for granted.
David Brin|At a time when science plays such a powerful role in the life of society, when the destiny of the whole of mankind may hinge on the results of scientific research, it is incumbent on all scientists to be fully conscious of that role, and conduct themselves accordingly.
Sunday Adelaja|I love books. I love that moment when you can open one and sink into it. You can escape from the world, into a story that's way more interesting than yours will ever be.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Look at me, chica." When she does, I repeat, "Eres hermosa.""What does it mean?""You're beautiful.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|It’s not their (parents’) job to prevent their children from making mistakes, because mistakes are a normal part of our lives. It’s like preventing those children from having a real experience. A real life.
Glenn  Dean, Soldier / Geek: An Army Science Advisor's Journal of the War in Afghanistan|In each succeeding war there is a tendency to proclaim as something new the principles under which it is conducted. Not only those who have never studied or experienced the realities of war, but also professional soldiers frequently fall into the error. But the principles of warfare as I learned them at West Point remain unchanged.
Lucas Till|The only thing I find difficult to watch - horror movies - not that I don't like them. Like 'The Shining,' it's one of my favorite movies, but it's terrifying. I feel like I've watched a marathon afterwards.
Don Roff, Heebie-Jeebies: Volume One|Did you hear about the lawsuit? Mary asked."No, what?""I hear that he is so big," she lifted her eyebrows to indicate what she meant, "that he put a girl in the hospital and she is suing him, because she can never have babies because of him.""Ewwwwwwwwwww!!!!" the sisters chorused."Could a guy really do that?" Lydia asked.Elizabeth shrugged. "I guess, but he would have to be the size of a friggin' oak tree.
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|The language in which we are speaking is his before it is mine. How different are the words HOME, CHRIST, ALE, MASTER, on his lips and on mine! I cannot speak or write these words without unrest of spirit. His language, so familiar and so foreign, will always be for me an acquired speech. I have not made or accepted its words. My voice holds them at bay. My soul frets in the shadow of his language.
William   Murray|. . . for men felt therein the presence of that great human thing which is called law, and that great divine thing which is called justice.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|Your success is your responsibility. Take the initiative, do the work, and persist to the end.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|Even the mild-mannered Sophia Western of Tom Jones and Richardson's annoyingly pious Clarissa Harlow distinguished themselves by saying no to the authority of their parents, their societies, and norms and demanding to marry the man they chose. Perhaps it was exactly because women were deprived of so much in their real lives that they became so subversive in the realm of fiction, refusing the authority imposed on them, breaking out of old structures, not submitting.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|It is obvious that an imagined world, however different it may be from the real one, must have something - a form - in common with it.
Tad Williams, Shadowplay|Somehow, we have gotten off track from the basics of health and spirituality, and we get in our own way.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|You're different. And I'm different too. Different is good. But different is hard. Believe me, I know.
Shannon L. Alder|yes, I have feelingsand no, I’m not afraid of themnot even the shadowy onesthat you’d rather ignorei gather them inwelcome them homegive them space to breatheand light them on glorious firejust to seewhat might be illuminatedwhile they burn
Evanescence|Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken...
Gary Wright|For me, music making is the most joyful activity possible, the most perfect expression of any emotion.
Melinda West Seifert, The Jesus Horse|One of the things about writing that inspires--and impresses me, is the music words can make. And, like music, the spaces between the notes can mean as much as the notes themselves. -- The Jesus Horse
Gary Eby|We live, move, breathe, and having our being in the Love-Light of God
E. Stanley Jones|So one begins to wonder what is going to happen to the human race. Technology keeps on advancing with greater and greater power, either for good or for destruction.
Fulton J. Sheen|America, it is said, is suffering from intolerance — it is not. It is suffering from tolerance. Tolerance of right and wrong, truth and error, virtue and evil, Christ and chaos. Our country is not nearly so overrun with the bigoted as it is overrun with the broadminded.
Cy Wyss, Polygraph|Your best kicks ass and takes names,” Jack says, and he punches my shoulder again.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|Underlying the attack on psychotherapy, I believe, is a recognition of the potential power of any relationship of witnessing. The consulting room is a privileged space dedicated to memory. Within that space, survivors gain the freedom to know and tell their stories. Even the most private and confidential disclosure of past abuses increases the likelihood of eventual public disclosure. And public disclosure is something that perpetrators are determined to prevent. As in the case of more overtly political crimes, perpetrators will fight tenaciously to ensure that their abuses remain unseen, unacknowledged, and consigned to oblivion.The dialectic of trauma is playing itself out once again. It is worth remembering that this is not the first time in history that those who have listened closely to trauma survivors have been subject to challenge. Nor will it be the last. In the past few years, many clinicians have had to learn to deal with the same tactics of harassment and intimidation that grassroots advocates for women, children and other oppressed groups have long endured. We, the bystanders, have had to look within ourselves to find some small portion of the courage that victims of violence must muster every day.Some attacks have been downright silly; many have been quite ugly. Though frightening, these attacks are an implicit tribute to the power of the healing relationship. They remind us that creating a protected space where survivors can speak their truth is an act of liberation. They remind us that bearing witness, even within the confines of that sanctuary, is an act of solidarity. They remind us also that moral neutrality in the conflict between victim and perpetrator is not an option. Like all other bystanders, therapists are sometimes forced to take sides. Those who stand with the victim will inevitably have to face the perpetrator's unmasked fury. For many of us, there can be no greater honor. p.246 - 247Judith Lewis Herman, M.D. February, 1997
Debasish Mridha|Stress is a thought, a perception of fear, it will melt away if welet our thoughts change with courage.
Nikos Kazantzakis|How simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. . . . All that is required to feel that here and now is happiness is a simple, frugal heart.
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t box your children in and tell them that everything is a sin. You’ll produce either rebels, or very boring people.
Alison Goodman, Eona: The Last Dragoneye|I know that love is about power, too. Who gives, who takes. Who is willing to risk showing their true self.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|We who bore the mark might well be considered by the rest of the world as strange, even as insane and dangerous. We had awoken, or were awakening, and we were striving for an ever perfect state of wakefulness, whereas the ambition and quest for happiness of the others consisted of linking their opinions, ideals, and duties, their life and happiness, ever more closely with those of the herd. They, too, strove; they, too showed signs of strength and greatness. But as we saw it, whereas we marked men represented Nature's determination to create something new, individual, and forward-looking, the others lived in the determination to stay the same. For them mankind--which they loved as much as we did--was a fully formed entity that had to be preserved and protected. For us mankind was a distant future toward which we were all journeying, whose aspect no one knew, whose laws weren't written down anywhere.
John H. Johnson|For success of any mission, it is necessary to have creative leadership. Creative leadership is vital for government, non-governmental organisations as well as for industries.
David Rakoff|As the son of a racing car designer and mechanical engineer, I was exposed to motorsports from day one.
Donna Augustine, Karma|I'm dead?""That body is... yes.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|For the way loneliness is worse when you return to it after a reprieve—like the soul’s version of putting on a wet bathing suit, clammy and miserable.
Mark Ruffalo|There are people who want to make men's lives more difficult for no other reason than the chance it provides them afterwards to offer their prescription for alleviating life; their Christianity, for instance.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|You hate someone whom you really wish to love, but whom you cannot love. Perhaps he himself prevents you. That is a disguised form of love.
Jack Campbell, The Hidden Masters of Marandur|Asha stared as Mari for a while, her face once again betraying no emotions. "When we were acolytes, newly come to the Mage Guild Hall on Ihris, Mage Alain once tried to catch me as I fell. He was punished for this." Her gaze went to Alain. "We talked. In the first days. Before such things were driven from us. He was...he could have been...someone...""A friend," Alain said."Friend." Asha seemed to be looking inward now, as if searching for memories lost in time. "What does this mean?"Alain's voice took on more feeling. "It is someone who helps.""Helps?" Asha suddenly inhaled strongly. "I remember. When all else was gone...Alain...helps...helped...me.""We were taught to forget this," Alain said. "Master Mechanic Mari reminded me of what it meant. She has reminded me of many things. She must do something of great importance. Will you help me now, Mage Asha?"Here gaze rested on Alain, then went back to Mari. "This Mechanic helps Mage Alain. I will help, too. I will not betray you to the Guild, Mage Alain.
Steven J. Jacobson|And on the eighth day, Satan laughed.
Pravin Agarwal, 8 Course Meal For The Soul|Never give up in life, give your whole hearted try to every challenge coming your way even though the challenge seems impossible and much beyond your reach and potential.
Jennifer Clarvoe, Invisible Tender|Man's thought is always of the punishment that will come to him if he sins. God's thought is always of the glory man will miss if he sins. God's purpose for redemption is glory, glory, glory.
Ryan Holiday, The Obstacle Is the Way: The Timeless Art of Turning Trials into Triumph|When you can break apart something, or look at it from some new angle, it loses its power over you.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Letters of Dorothy L. Sayers. Vol. 1, 1899-1936: The Making of a Detective Novelist|To make a deliberate falsification for personal gain is the last, worst depth to which either scholar or artist can descend in work or
Vincent Van Gogh|Poetry is like a bird, it ignores all frontiers.
Hans Zimmer|If somebody tells you there's a rule, break it.
David L. Conroy, Out of the Nightmare: Recovery from Depression and Suicidal Pain|Both the suicidal and non-suicidal are often angry with others. One way to discharge this anger is to fantasize about violent revenge. The insults of daily life often cause fantasies of revenge to flare up and quickly subside. The people with these fantasies usually do not act on them; they are not motives or goals. They are involuntary responses to perceived insult—ways of coping with rage. The suicidal, whether or not they attempt, suffer tremendous and persistent pain and anger. That this pain should find its way into their fantasies and dreams is no surprise. This ideation is not a motive for action; it is an alternative to action. Fantasizing about suicide is an effort to delay or avoid suicide, not the activity of formulating a motive, goal, or intention. Fantasies doubtlessly succeed in preventing many attempts.
Timothy Hallinan, The Queen of Patpong|So? I know damn well that I didn’t poison her.”Veronica Lane, M.D., Treating Murder
Jackson Galaxy, Cat Daddy: What the World's Most Incorrigible Cat Taught Me About Life, Love, and Coming Clean|In the end, those who demean others only disrespect themselves.
Martin Heidegger, Early Greek Thinking: The Dawn of Western Philosophy|But anyone who only expects thinking to give assurances, and awaits the day when we can go beyond it as unnecessary, is demanding that thought annihilate itself.
Stewart O'Nan, West of Sunset|Why was he drawn to complicated women, or were all women--all people, finally--complicated?
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Sun is a hearthstone, a merry-go-round of extinguished hearthstones.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|If you've put a smile on someone's face today, you've done more good than you know.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Better ask God to change you, rather than to change your situations for you. Your situations may change, but if you still have a negative attitude, you are likely to take that great change for granted! Change You!
David James Duncan, The Brothers K|--I truly and deeply wanted to kill him. And I believe I could have done it, with nothing but my hands. But all of a sudden, out of nowhere, Peter had an arm around me. "Let it go, Kade," he was whispering very gently, though his arm was nearly crushing me. "Open your fists," he said, "and let go of the coals.
Ann Voskamp|When we stop fearing failure, we start being artists.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|I am so tired of begging your sorry ass, chasing your sorry ass down, tying your sorry ass up. ~ Mercy
Hunter S. Thompson|I hate pain, despite my ability to tolerate it beyond all known parameters, which is not necessarily a good thing.
Jonathan Eig, The Birth of the Pill: How Four Crusaders Reinvented Sex and Launched a Revolution|This is when the pill became widely known as The Pill, perhaps the only product in American history so powerful that it needed no name. Women went to their doctors and said they wanted it. They wanted The Pill. Some of them might still have been uncomfortable talking about birth control. Others might have been unsure of its brand name. But The Pill was The Pill because it was the only one that mattered, the one everyone was talking about, the one they needed.
Tom Holt, You Don't Have to Be Evil to Work Here, But it Helps|When you're about to die, your whole life's supposed to flash before your eyes. When you fall in true love, on the other hand, what you see in the twinkling of an eye is your entire future.
Heidi Postlewait, Emergency Sex (And Other Desperate Measures): True Stories from a War Zone|At daybreak on the first day, thousands of Cambodians are already calmly waiting outside my polling station. They squat on the ground, silent and patient. We didn't expect this at all. We thought they would fail to understand how democracy works. We thought they would be afraid of the Khmer Rouge. We thought they would passively accept their fate. We were wrong.
Brooklyn Ann, Bite at First Sight|Rafe tugged her closer before she could trip over a gravestone. "Damn it, woman. Devil take your wagon! You fail to grasp the severity of this situation.
Jacques Derrida|You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
Alek Wek|A woman can slip on a pair of embellished cage heels one night and a pair of streamlined, lightweight sneakers the next day. The beauty of modern luxury is the absence of rules.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|In the individual who is characterized by independence without corresponding relatedness, there will develop hostility toward those whom he believes to be the occasion of his isolation. In the individual who is symbiotically dependent there will develop hostility toward those whom he regards as instrumental in the suppression of his capacities and freedom.
Erich Fromm, To Have or to Be? The Nature of the Psyche|We are a society of notoriously unhappy people: lonely, anxious, depressed, destructive, dependent — people who are glad when we have killed the time we are trying so hard to save.
Germany Kent|Think about every good thing in your life right now. Free yourself of worrying. Let go of the anxiety, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.
Fredric Jameson, Postmodernism, or, The Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism|Egyptians are like camels: they can put up with beatings, humiliation and starvation for a long time but when they rebel they do so suddenly and with a force that is impossible to control.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|We all think when we’re young that we want excitement and highs and passion. To hell with ordinary.”I smiled and she chuckled. “But when we find ourselves in these adult bodies,” she said. “When we wise up a little, or get slapped in the face by life, we realize we just want all things to be equal.” She put the heels of her hands together near her heart like the Yoga prayer position. “And we want to understand them better.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|Set within the seed of the soul is not jut a fleeting image or a vague pattern but a lifelong story enfolded within, waiting to be cracked open and lived all the way out.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Everything was too sharp and clear, so that I could never tell where to start- the way a map that shows too much can sometimes be useless.
Michelle Hughes, Tears of Crimson|There’s nothing cruel about a vampire or a parasite, she said.
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|Structural linguistics is a bitterly divided and unhappy profession, and a large number of its practitioners spend many nights drowning their sorrows in Ouisghian Zodahs.
Joe Greene|Since the middle of the 20th century, more has been learnt about the ocean than during all preceding human history; at the same time, more has been lost.
Debasish Mridha|Like a floating feather in the air, take life very lightly and joyfully adjust to the flow of life.
Elaine Stritch|The Clash had a unique, special relationship with Scotland. Perhaps it was something to do with the energy, anger and beauty in their music. In Scotland at that time, there was a lot of to be angry about. And a great need of some energy and beauty.
Dada Bhagwan|To know worldly relations as being ‘relation’ (temporary) will resolve everything. However, if they are believed to be true (real) relations, there will be insistence. In relative relations, one is not to prove ‘I am correct’. One has to bring about a closure by saying, ‘you are correct’.
Jay Kristoff, Endsinger|What are these? They look like scars." Meryn glanced down and realized he was talking about her stretch marks. Had he never seen stretch marks before?”“Those are called stretch marks.""Stretch marks? How did you get them?" "Human females get them when we grow. If we grow too fast our skin rips apart and heals. It's a very painful process." Meryn lied through her teeth. There was no way she was going to discuss stretch marks after the most mind blowing sex of her life. Nope. Wasn't going to happen. Aiden's expression became reverent."Human females are amazing creatures, you endure so much pain yet are so fragile." He kissed each shiny line.I'm going to hell.
Israelmore Ayivor|When the door of opportunity of your storehouse opens for you, let faith and hope enter first. When your faith leads the way, you will locate the source of your hidden treasures.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|In essence, leadership is the sense of calling to a higher purpose.
John Holland, Psychic Navigator|The human body is sustained by the same prana that nourishes the universe. The body (your equipment) has the ability to control and use this special energy through the use of "pranayama". Don't let true word scare you - it just means to control, channel, and direct the flow of prana through the use of breath.
Jill Telford|Walls get made, walls crumble, buildings get built, buildings collapse, memories get made, memories last.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|In the twenty-first century, we use a nineteenth-century school model with twentieth-century values. There’s clearly something wrong with this picture.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Take|Did he show himself?” Nash asked, and I glanced to my right to see him staring at my father, as fascinated as I was.My dad nodded. “He was an arrogant little demon.”“So what happened?” I asked.“I punched him.”For a moment, we stared at him in silence. “You punched the reaper?” I asked, and my hand fell from the strainer onto the edge of the sink.“Yeah.” He chuckled at the memory, and his grin brought out one of my own. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d seen my father smile. “Broke his nose.
Linda Pastan, The Imperfect Paradise|I have dreamed of our bed as if it were a shore where we would be washed up, not this striped mattress we must cover with sheets. [from "After an Absence"]
Dave Eggers, The Circle|I am not a wishing well with legs. (Paraphrasing Babylon 5's Londo Mollari, repeately, when asked to perform hacking functions for strangers.)
Anonymous|Perhaps there's an innate human emotion inside us all that when we are presented with something we don't understand, we immediately want to kill it.
James Brady, Why Marines Fight|Some people won't love you, no matter what you do. Some people won't STOP loving you, no matter what you do. Go where the lov
The Monster Pyro|And The Ucontrolled One Said "If I Am Weird Then You Are Not Normal
John Mason Brown|Good men are the stars, the planets of the ages wherein they live, and illustrate the times.
Draya Mooney|Look at the stars. See their beauty. And in that beauty, see yourself.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|To be, or not to be: that is the question:Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to sufferThe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,And by opposing end them? To die: to sleep;No more; and by a sleep to say we endThe heart-ache and the thousand natural shocksThat flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummationDevoutly to be wish'd. To die, to sleep;To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;For in that sleep of death what dreams may comeWhen we have shuffled off this mortal coil,Must give us pause: there's the respectThat makes calamity of so long life;For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,The pangs of despised love, the law's delay,The insolence of office and the spurnsThat patient merit of the unworthy takes,When he himself might his quietus makeWith a bare bodkin? who would fardels bear,To grunt and sweat under a weary life,But that the dread of something after death,The undiscover'd country from whose bournNo traveller returns, puzzles the willAnd makes us rather bear those ills we haveThan fly to others that we know not of?Thus conscience does make cowards of us all;And thus the native hue of resolutionIs sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,And enterprises of great pith and momentWith this regard their currents turn awry,And lose the name of action.--Soft you now!The fair Ophelia! Nymph, in thy orisonsBe all my sins remember'd!
Candice Bergen|I was raised - my mom and dad were dairy farmers. Once you've made a decision to plant a crop for that year, you can't go back and undo that decision.
William Herschel|We never realize the power of real love unless we witness or experience a transaction, because real love costs.
Agatha Christie, Surprise! Surprise!|Oh! Do not excite yourself. Shall I say that he interested me because he was trying to grow a mustache and as yet the result is poor." Poirot stroked his own magnificent mustache tenderly. "It is an art," he murmured, "the growing of the mustache! I have sympathy for all who attempt it.
Marc Bekoff, Animals Matter: A Biologist Explains Why We Should Treat Animals with Compassion and Respect|Evil is relative…You can’t hang a sign on it. You can’t touch it or taste it or cut it with a sword. Evil depends on where you are standing, pointing your indicting finger.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The only two words you should ever say to a mirror are "Hello, Beautiful.
Martin Amis, Money|You never can tell, though, with suicide notes, can you? In the planetary aggregate of all life, there are many more suicide notes than there are suicides. They're like poems in that respect, suicide notes: nearly everyone tries their hand at them some time, with or without the talent. We all write them in our heads. Usually the note is the thing. You complete it, and then resume your time travel. It is the note and not the life that is cancelled out. Or the other way round. Or death. You never can tell, though, can you, with suicide notes.
Ma Jun|If major companies sourcing in developing countries care only about price and quality, local suppliers will be lured to cut corners on environmental standards to win contracts.
Kim Ki-duk|Dorothea: "What the fuck are you?"Nix: "A man who wanted to be a God...then changed his mind.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Resilience is not a commodity you are born with, waiting silently on tap. It is self-manufactured painstakingly over time by working through your problems and never giving up, even in the face of difficulty or failure.
Oliver Markus Malloy, Bad Choices Make Good Stories|There is neither a Heaven nor a Hell. Life after Death is an oxymoron. Life is just another word for existence, and Death is just another word for non-existence.
Riley Larock|Why choose the lesser evil anyway, when the greater evil is usually higher quality and will last longer before it breaks?
George Carlin|We're all going to die, all of us; what a circus! That alone should make us love each other, but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities. We are eaten up by nothing.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.
David Soul|Here's kind of my motto - if you're not happy at home, you're not happy anywhere else.
Tarphon|The day is short, the labor vast, the toilers idle, the reward great, and the Master urgent.
Jonathan Dunne|The piano—that, too, was an adventure. A little girl tried to learn to play it. Her mother insisted, forced her to sit there and practice. Nothing came of it; stubbornness won out in the end, the stubbornness that protects us from the will of others, that defends our right to live our life the way we want. Even if it means life will turn out worse than anyone planned, will turn into a poor life—but it'll be one's own, however it is, even without music, even without talent.
Ricky Gervais|… Science is constantly proved all the time. You see, if we take something like any fiction, any holy book… and destroyed it, in a thousand years’ time, that wouldn’t come back just as it was. Whereas if we took every science book, and every fact, and destroyed them all, in a thousand years they’d all be back, because all the same tests would [produce] the same result.
Dennis Sharpe|A lie's true power cannot be accurately measured by the number of people who believe its deception when it is told, it must be measured by the number of people who will go out after hearing it trying to convince others of its truth.
L.A. Weatherly, Angel Burn|A teenage girl lay asleep on the sofa, curled up under a red-and-black knitted afghan. She was on her side, with one slender arm cradling a throw cushion nestled under her head. Long wavy blond hair spread across her back and her shoulders like a cape. Even though she was sleeping, Alex could see how pretty she was, with her delicate, almost elfin features. He stood in the doorway, watching the soft rise and fall of her chest.
Pawan Kalyan|We copied laws and regulations from western countries, but enforcement remains weak, and environmental litigation is still quite near impossible.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Blaming the library for exposure to pornography is like blaming the lake if your child walks up to it alone, falls in and then drowns. – David Sawyer, Spokesman-Review, 18 December 2000
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|True confidence is not something that can always be determined by a first impression. It may take a few interactions to detect whether a person is full of false bravado or if they are the "real McCoy.
Vivek Wadhwa|The minute you understand racism, you're responsible for being racist. It's like eating from the tree of knowledge.
Anthony S. Burdge|Josey?” She heard her mother’s voice in the hall, then the thud of her cane as she came closer. “Please don’t tell her I’m here,” the woman in the closet said, with a strange sort of desperation. Despite the cold outside, she was wearing a cropped white shirt and tight dark blue jeans that sat low, revealing a tattoo of a broken heart on her hip. Her hair was bleached white-blond with about an inch of silver-sprinkled dark roots showing. Her mascara had run and there were black streaks on her cheeks. She looked drip-dried, like she’d been walking in the rain, though there hadn’t...
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Two moral forces shaped how we think and live in this shining twentieth century: the Virgin, and the Dynamo. The Dynamo represents the desire to know; the Virgin represents the freedom not to know.What's the Virgin made of? Things that we think are silly, mostly. The peculiar logic of dreams, or the inexplicable stirring we feel when we look on someone that's beautiful not in a way that we all agree is beautiful, but the unique way in which a single person is. The Virgin is faith and mysticism; miracle and instinct; art and randomness.On the other hand, you have the Dynamo: the unstoppable engine. It finds the logic behind a seeming miracle and explains that miracle away; it finds the order in randomness to which we're blind; it takes the caliper to a young woman's head and quantifies her beauty in terms of pleasing mathematical ratios; it accounts for the secret stirring you felt by discoursing at length on the nervous systems of animals.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|That was, in fact, my life. A whole series of reasonable lies.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Hold the flame of faith, it quench all doubt of darkness.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|He’s dozed off again, but I kiss him awake, which seems to startle him. Then he smiles as if he’d be happy to lie there gazing at me forever.
Anthony Liccione|I know an alcoholic is the worse, but sometimes I wonder if it's better to have a drinking father that lives at home, or a drinking father, that never comes around.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|They will turn you over, toss you about, fob you off, take you less seriously, because to get there, you must walk on your own feet.
Robert McLiam Wilson, Eureka Street|(...) I knew I couldn't sleep with her. I don't know - in my small experience of women, I've found it to hard to sleep with them at such times. Times when you get impression that there's more to them than an opportunity. Sleeping with girls was great, sleeping with people was a bit more complicated. Maybe it was a bad thing, maybe a sign of my immaturity, but I knew that there was some kind of tenderness in it as well.
Shannon L. Alder|You have never loved me as I love you--never--never! Yours is not a passionate heart--your heart does not burn in a flame! You are, upon the whole, a sort of fay, or sprite-- not a woman!
Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree|But to mourn, that's different. To mourn is to be eaten alive with homesickness for the person.
Atifete Jahjaga|My number one philosophy for leadership is leadership by example. If you are not willing to do it yourself, how can you show others how to do it?
Debasish Mridha|Writing is the dancing of words, sometimes it is beautiful and meaningful, sometimes it is not.
Brad Thor, The Last Patriot|He causes huge bodies like sun to proclaim His Majesty through His Names the All-Gracious, Great, reciting: ' O Glorious One, O Great One, O Mighty One', while tiny animate creatures like flies and fish proclaim His Mercy, reciting: 'O Gracious One, O Compassionate One, O Generous One
Adrienne Rich|The problem, unstated until now, is how to live in a damaged body in a world where pain is meant to be gagged uncured ungrieved over. The problem is to connect, without hysteria, the pain of anyone's body with the pain of the world's body.
Deyth Banger|To don't forget and marriage, the happiness is the from 20 up to 30% out of the 100% the other percentage is anger, and very negative sides. So far most people are dead.
Marguerite Duras|I often think of the image only I can see now, and of which I’ve never spoken. It’s always there, in the same silence, amazing. It’s the only image of myself I like, the only one in which I recognize myself, in which I delight
Nikki Rowe|suffer. you could say it means endure, but thats not exactly right
