Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Wrong thinking will take your life the wrong way, channeling your thoughts to the right direction will cause you to soar in life.
A.A. Milne|Friendship," said Christopher Robin, "is a very comforting thing to have.
Jack Canfield|Humans have a light side and a dark side, and it's up to us to choose which way we're going to live our lives. Even if you start out on the dark side, it doesn't mean you have to continue your journey that way. You always have time to turn it around.
Daniel Kahneman|God does not rule in nations, but He is mindful of them. He can and does place people in positions of influence who want what is best for the people and who trust in the Lord.
Ash Gray, Tales of Talithia|You must be a rich human,” went on Holonie. “You could have come here with bodyguards, dogs, something. But you came here alone. Very risky. Nearly insane. Completely stupid.”Elbryn laughed his flat, humorless laugh. “Thanks?
Walter Benjamin, Illuminations: Essays and Reflections|No more semblance or disemblance, no more God or Man, only an immanent logic of the principle of operativity.
Jennifer O'Neill, The Pursuit of Happiness: 21 Spiritual Rules to Sucess|Blaming is so much easier than taking responsibility, because if you take responsibility … then you might be to blame.
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|No matter how many rules we make for ourselves, rules don't create godly relationships. Only leaning on our faithful Father and longing to please Him with everything we do will set the stage for a beautiful romance!
Fidelis O Mkparu|Midnight sail and moonlight. I remember sunset, and gentle breeze. Leaving the city lights behind, and gazing at the moon. Mountains of clouds. Waves slapping our boat. It was easy to forget that love has no direction, or need for compass. Let it guide you to its destination. ~ Fidelis O Mkparu, 2016
Jamie Scallion, Losing It|Tea shook his head in dismay. “This is the end, Burt
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|And there’s also ‘To him that hath shall be given.’ After all, you must have a capacity to receive, or even omnipotence can’t give. Perhaps your own passion temporarily destroys the capacity.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Ursula Monkton smiled, and the lightnings wreathed and writhed about her. She was power incarnate, standing in the crackling air. She was the storm, she was the lightning, she was the adult world with all its power and all its secrets and all its foolish casual cruelty.
C.L. Wilson, Lord of the Fading Lands|He held up his index finger. "Rule one: in any dispute between mates, themale is always to blame, even when he is clearly blameless. Rule two"—his middle finger joined thefirst—"whenever in doubt, refer to rule one.
Frances Mayes|The urge to travel feels magnetic. Two of my favorite words are linked: departure time. And travel whets the emotions, turns upside down the memory bank, and the golden coins scatter.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Change occurs in direct proportion to dissatisfaction, but dissatisfaction never changes.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The enemies agenda is destruction, his strategy is division and his tactics is on little differences. Mind you he is not going to be happy until he sees you divided.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|Even in their reading, More charged, too many women were prone to superficiality. In search of a passing knowledge of books and authors, many read anthologies of excerpted works, that selected the brightest passages but left out deeper contexts—eighteenth-century Reader’s Digest were quite popular. More cautioned against a habit she viewed as cultivating a taste only for “delicious morsels,” one that spits out “every thing which is plain.” Good books, in contrast, require good readers: “In all well-written books, there is much that is good which is not dazzling; and these shallow critics should be taught, that it is for the embellishment of the more tame and uninteresting parts of his work, that the judicious poet commonly reserves those flowers, whose beauty is defaced when they are plucked from the garland into which he had so skillfully woven them.
Marcus Berkmann, Set Phasers to Stun: 50 Years of Star Trek|Yes yes yes, there it was. Youth must go, ah yes. But youth is only being in a way like it might be an animal. No, it is not just like being an animal so much as being one of these malenky toys you viddy being sold in the streets, like little chellovecks made out of tin and with a spring inside and then a winding handle on the outside and you wind it up grrr grrr grrr and off it itties, like walking, O my brothers. But it itties in a straight line and bangs straight into things bang bang and it cannot help what it is doing. Being young is like being like one of these malenky machines.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mechanics of Mind: Remember the nature of the mind - Mind is never where you are, it is always somewhere else!
G.E. Moore, Principia Ethica|...fiction is as useful as truth, for giving us matter, upon which to exercise the judgment of value.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World|There is a coherence in things, a stability; something... is immune from change and shines out... in the face of the flowing, the fleeting, the spectral, like a ruby. 
Heather Hildenbrand, Cold Blood|All Mattia saw was a shadow moving toward him. He instinctively closed his eyes and then felt Alice’s hot mouth on his, her tears on his cheek, or maybe they weren’t hers, and finally her hands, so light, holding his head still and catching all his thoughts and imprisoning them there, in the space that no longer existed between them.
Maureen Johnson, The Madness Underneath|If you feel ashamed about your need for love & support, it's because you were made to feel this way as a child. It's not a sign of weakness to want affirmation, reassurance or someone to count on; these are natural, appropriate needs. Just make sure to be there for yourself first.
Suzanne  Johnson, River Road|Jean Laffite was a sexy bad boy with a gentleman's manners and an air of barely suppressed danger. Every girl's secret dreamboat in other words. We always say we want a nice, hardworking, decent guy but we're lying to ourselves. - DJ Jaco
Stephen Levine, A Gradual Awakening|Often when we hear people speak about meditation, we hear about wisdom, we hear about knowledge. But what, actually, is the effect, what’s the use, of wisdom or knowledge? Understanding. When you understand mind, you’re not at its mercy. When you don’t understand, you’re lost in the midst of it.
Linda Heavner Gerald, Till Heaven Then Forever|Trust God and leave the consequences to him. My mentor, Dr. Charles Stanley
Epictetus|If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.
Michelle Obama|If we want to travel into the future, we just need to go fast. Really fast. And I think the only way we're ever likely to do that is by going into space.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|God is not interested in helping you finding out why you are in a mess, He is interested in fixing it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you know how it’s to be treated unfairly, you will be gentle with others.
Swami Vivekananda|A few heart-whole, sincere, and energetic men and women can do more in a year than a mob in a century.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|All I know is, being away from you......makes it hard to breathe. I miss you so much
Paul The Astronaut|The age old question, what is Love?Isn't it the greatest gift from the holy one Above?Is it pure and white like a new born Dove?Does it cuddle you up,Like a hand in a Glove?Answer this hard question that what is LOVE??the force that propels you ,through pain and despair,the benevolence,the blessings,from the heavens above, the ray of sunshine that pierces the clouds, a perennial hope, that's what is love;Its the glimmer of light at the end of the tunnel,Its the mirth that ends melancholy's reign, A fountain of glee,the elixir of life,Its the drug that heals,and cures all the pain; Its an eternal promise, never meant to be broken,Its the bond that adheres two hearts together, People may die and their stories may end,But their love is immortal,it lives on forever; Its the river that cuts through boulders and rocks,and the stream that flows through our barren lives,And on its long course,it leaves behind a trail Of vivid fragrant flowers,and clear blue skies; Love is felt by the heart,relished by the soul,Blissful like the divine touch of the Gods, I yearn for more ballads and more metaphors,But i fall short of verses, can't bind love in words.
Florence King, Reflections in a Jaundiced Eye|Children have no business expressing opinions on anything except "Do you have enough room in the toes?
Mindi Scott, Freefall|And you are going to get her far away from here. Keep her hidden.” She planted her hands on her hips. “And here we were just keeping her holed up in a tiny little house in a completely random mining sector. Why didn’t it ever occur to us to try and keep her hidden?” Kinney’s face was unreadable for a long moment before he asked, “You understand sarcasm?” “Of course I understand sarcasm,” she spat. “It’s not like it’s theoretical physics, is it?” The guard’s jaw worked for a moment, before he shook his head and turned away.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|But you have so much in common. You're both from strange little backwater planets. You both have odd powers. You're male and she's female. What more do you need? Believe me, buddy, if I were you, I'd go right up there and ask her if she wants to ride on my rancor.
Hilary McKay, Indigo's Star|Why did we divorce? I guess you could say we had trouble synchronizing. You know that carnival ride where two cages swing in opposite directions, going higher and higher until they go over the top? That was us. We passed each other all the time, but we never actually stopped in the same place until it was time to get off the ride.
Alessandra Torre, Moonshot|We have no need of God to create guilt or to punish. Our fellow men are enough, with our help.
Zeena Schreck, Demons of the Flesh: The Complete Guide to Left Hand Path Sex Magic|Zeena Schreck believes that the right-hand path and the left-hand path have traditionally had the same end goal; it is only the method that is different and the fact that adepts on the left-hand path seek liberation in this life.--About Zeena Schreck by Malin Fitger 'Contemporary notions of Kundalini, its background and role within new Western religiosity,' University of Stockholm, 2004
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Desiring another person is perhaps the most risky endeavor of all. As soon as you want somebody—really want him—it is as though you have taken a surgical needle and sutured your happiness to the skin of that person, so that any separation will now cause a lacerating injury.
Cecelia Ahern|Artists need some kind of stimulating experience a lot of times, which crystallizes when you sing about it or paint it or sculpt it. You literally mold the experience the way you want. It's therapy.
Roshan Sharma|You need to understand the inner flowing energy and the eternal truth, is revealed to you. This is the only mystery, cult, esoteric, elusive or magic of life exists in the universe.
Jon Ronson|sometimes the personalities at the helm of the madness industry are, with their drives and obsessions, as mad in their own way as those they study. And that relatively ordinary people are, more and more, defined by their maddest edges.
Gary Shteyngart, Little Failure|Michigan, with its delicious American name. How lucky one must be to live there.
Norah Lofts, Bless This House|Don't worry about it, Borage. I've always been inclined to think that the Apostle Paul was similarly afflicted. He speaks often of a bodily weakness, and men have been at pains to name it, attibuting to him everything from lameness to lung sickness. But I think the clue lies in his experience on the road to Damascus. Tell me, do you see a great light?Dr. Trudgett
Lenore Skenazy|Would a minute have mattered? No, probably not, although his young son appeared to have a very accurate internal clock. Possibly even 2 minutes would be okay. Three minutes, even. You could go to five minutes, perhaps. But that was just it. If you could go for five minutes, then you'd go to ten, then half an hour, a couple of hours...and not see your son all evening. So that was that. Six o'clock, prompt. Every day. Read to young Sam. No excuses. He'd promised himself that. No excuses. No excuses at all. Once you had a good excuse, you opened the door to bad excuses.
Sophie Hannah, The Carrier|I thought to myself, 'No matter what happens from now on, even if my heart ends up in pieces, this makes it all worth it, this moment.
William Shakespeare|Were kisses all the joys in bed,/One woman would another wed.
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|Really, these wizards! You'd think no one had ever had a cold before! Well, what is it?" she asked, hobbling through the bedroom door onto the filthy carpet."I'm dying of boredom," Howl said pathetically. "Or maybe just dying.
Christopher Lee|I respect the audience's intelligence a lot, and that's why I don't try to go for the lowest common denominator.
Andrea Levy, Small Island|No, no, no, no. Don't get carried away, man. One thaw is not the summer.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|The blessings of God will complicate your life, but unlike sin, they will complicate your life in the way it should be complicated.
Douglas Coupland|If my child had prejudice in his head, I'd be ashamed. I would see it as my failure as a parent.
Naoko Takeuchi|With you as an inspiration, a painter will create his best painting, a writer will write his best literature and a poet will create his best poetry.
Taylor Hackford|You can have a laugh in Los Angeles, or you can weep in Los Angeles, depending on your attitude towards it.
Dada Bhagwan|One man told me, ‘My tooth is hurting’. Why would ‘your’ tooth hurt you? This is considered a contradicting statement. What is yours, it will never give you pain and what is not yours will always give you pain. If you expound on this, you will have the solution!
Susan Ee, End of Days|That’s pretty much how we get through our own lives, watching television. Smoking crap. Self-medicating. Redirecting our attention. Jacking off. Denial.
George Gaylord Simpson|I wanted to think of what could not be thought except in intersections; I wanted to satiate my fiendishness in a neutering gnosis. I wanted to see the first chimp paint it’s own likeness in a limbo state of gravitating iconostasis, flanked by altar candles and decked in a dark green Zuchetto upon which stars would genuflect in a prism without manacles, unrivaled by the boring, mundane phenomenon of space's black canopy loved by the plebeians.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|If we only look within, we will see he Light as if we were seeing our own image in a mirror. (122)
Allen Steele, Coyote|Freedom does that to people, he realizes. Once you've tasted it, ou never want to let go.
Taylor Swift|My dad was phenomenal. Born in Mexico, lived poor, didn't graduate from college, and becomes head of a car company and then governor of a state. I can't imagine I would have ever thought about running for office had I not seen my dad do it.
Eudora Welty, The Collected Stories|And every year there is a brief, startling moment When we pause in the middle of a long walk home and Suddenly feel something invisible and weightless Touching our shoulders, sweeping down from the air: It is the autumn wind pressing against our bodies; It is the changing light of fall falling on us.
Nicole Sobon, Submerged|For one last time, I said my goodbyes to the place I’d known as home for the last decade, and for the first time, I welcomed the unknown.
Gore Vidal|Constant work, constant writing and constant revision. The real writer learns nothing from life. He is more like an oyster or a sponge. What he takes in he takes in normally the way any person takes in experience. But it is what is done with it in his mind, if he is a real writer, that makes his art.
Shannon L. Alder|The thing you have to know is, life can't get you anywhere. It's the pain that build up inside you that gets you places. Anger and pain are the key to any mans survival, the more Anger you have and more pain you have, it makes you strong. It makes you want to finish what you started, especially when everyone's saying you can't.
Lee Strobel, The Case for a Creator: A Journalist Investigates Scientific Evidence That Points Toward God|You can invoke neither time nor space nor matter not energy nor the laws of nature to explain the origin of the universe. General relativity points to the need for a cause that transcends those domains. ~Stephen C. Meyer, PHD~
Tim Edensor, Industrial Ruins: Space, Aesthetics and Materiality|There are storm clouds before the storm, there are the living before the dead. I need a figurehead, a banner bearer who will announce my arrival to the world.
Alice Munro, The Love of a Good Woman|And whatever troubled him and showed in his face might have been the same old trouble - the problem of occupying space in the world and having a name people could call you by, being somebody they thought they could know.
Gautama Buddha|Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame.
Michael Chrobak, Foundations of Faith|She shared how she had fi nally found God, not in the back of a church with hands held in prayer, but in the back of a police car with hands held in cuffs.
Anne Cherian, A Good Indian Wife|The answers would come to her. No need to rush them. Ten years ago, but so well remember it was as if it had happened yesterday, she had suffered the repercussions brought on by thoughtless rushing. This time, she would wait. Not wait for him to act, like she had been doing these past months. She would wait to see how she would act.
Samantha Stosur|I actually haven't been on many dates, but I like just chilling around at home and watching a movie with a girl.
William Ritter, Ghostly Echoes|No matter if the enemy has thousands of men, there is fulfillment in simply standing them off and being determined to cut them all down, starting from one end.
David Cecil, Library Looking-Glass: A Personal Anthology|Once the soul has left the body it had to walk across a bridge as narrow as a knife edge, with paradise on the right and, on the left, a series of circles that lead down into the darkness inside the earth. Before crossing the bridge, each person had to place all his virtues in his right hand and all his sins in his left, and the imbalance between the two meant that the person always fell towards the side to which his actions on Earth had inclined him.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|The hardest lesson is Clare’s solitude. Sometimes I come home and Clare seems kind of irritated; I’ve interrupted some train of thought, broken into the dreary silence of her day. Sometimes I see an expression on Clare’s face that is like a closed door. She has gone inside the room of her mind and is sitting there knitting or something. I’ve discovered that Clare likes to be alone. But when I return from time traveling she is always relieved to see me.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|But when I do feel all the strength go out of me, and I fall to my knees beside the table and I think I cry, then, or at least I want to, and everything inside me screams for just one more kiss, one more word, one more glance, one more.
Shaun Cassidy|It's a big responsibility dating me. Because I come with a little bit of baggage, you know?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Conversations with Kurt Vonnegut|I felt after I finished Slaughterhouse-Five that I didn’t have to write at all anymore if I didn’t want to. It was the end of some sort of career. I don’t know why, exactly. I suppose that flowers, when they’re through blooming, have some sort of awareness of some purpose having been served. Flowers didn’t ask to be flowers and I didn’t ask to be me. At the end of Slaughterhouse-Five…I had a shutting-off feeling…that I had done what I was supposed to do and everything was OK .
Sienna Miller|It makes one sad to see the sell-out of President Fox; really, it makes one sad. How sad that the president of a people like the Mexicans lets himself become the puppy dog of the empire.
Compton Gage|You are judged more by what you do passively than by what you do actively. If one billion of you watch and do not intercede as one million of you assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one billion of you are a billion times guilty.
Bessie Anderson Stanley, More Heart Throbs Volume Two in Prose and Verse Dear to the American People And by them contributed as a Supplement to the original $10,000 Prize Book HEART THROBS|He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much;Who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children;Who has filled his niche and accomplished his task;Who has never lacked appreciation of Earth's beauty or failed to express it;Who has left the world better than he found it,Whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul;Who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had;Whose life was an inspiration;Whose memory a benediction.
C.S. Lewis|The human heart is not unchanging (nay, changes almost out of recognition in the twinkling of an eye)...
William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell|But when he has done this, let him not say that he knows better than his master, for he only holds a candle in sunshine.
Gustavo Dudamel|I think we need one recognized, respected public figure to make a tough, blunt statement on just what Reagan's record is and what he might do to the country, let alone the Republican Party before Christmas.
Dada Bhagwan|God said to accept whatever circumstances that come along. Circumstance is a natural thing. In it, ‘Do this and don’t do that’- should not be there. Circumstances are a ‘scientific circumstantial evidence’ [‘Vyavasthit’]. You should ‘settle them with equanimity’.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the wilderness, be not afraid. Trust God to deliver you.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|I feel the fear, but I walk fast toward it.
Kinley MacGregor, Return of the Warrior|Adara, cease!"She froze at the sound of a voice she hadn't expected to hear. For a moment she thought she might be dreaming, until she blinked to look up into the most handsome face she'd ever known. She stared at the same blue eyes that made the tenderest of love to her.Christian.Her grip went lax and the candlestick in her hand fell to the floor. He was alive!She threw herself into his arms and held him close as giddy tears replaced her grief-induced ones. At least until her rage took hold again. "Damn you, you worthless, heartless son of a dog!" she snarled, pulling back to strike at his chest. "How dare you make me think you were dead! Don't you ever do such a thing to me again. "Christian was stunned by her language and actions. "I didn't know you could hear us through the door."She struck him again on his armor, a blow that no doubt he felt not at all, but it gave her some degree of satisfaction. "Well, think better next time."Her untoward anger amused him. Wiping the tears from her face, he kissed her tenderly.
Dennis Prager|I had to learn how to trust my gut. Trust what I know to be right... not right, but not waver on who I am. Know who I am, know what I want, and know it. Not waver on it and be secure in that. And I still struggle with it. But I really... I can't be moved. You can't move me, and that all comes with loving myself, and I'm like my best buddy.
Greg Egan|There was no truth in anything he said, anything he believed. It was all just an expression of his own needs.
Dada Bhagwan|Right knowledge (samkit) means right vision. What does the wrong vision do? It will make one say, ‘this person caused me a loss. This person profited me. That person insulted me. That person hurt me. This person made me happy.’ There is no one out there giving you pain or pleasure! Indeed, it is all within you.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Death by Black Hole: And Other Cosmic Quandaries|As a child, I was aware that, at night, infrared vision would reveal monsters hiding in the bedroom closet only if they were warm-blooded. But everybody knows that your average bedroom monster is reptilian and cold-blooded.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|She has committed no crime, she has merely broken a rigid and time-honored code of our society, a code so severe that whoever breaks it is hounded from our midst as unfit to live with. She is the victim of cruel poverty and ignorance, but I cannot pity her: she is white. She knew full well the enormity of her offense, but because her desires were stronger than the code she was breaking, she persisted in breaking it. She persisted, and her subsequent reaction is something that all of us have known at one time or another. She did something every child has done-she tried to put the evidence of her offense away from her. But in this case she was no child hiding stolen contraband: she struck out at her victim-of necessity she must put him away from her-he must be removed from her presence, from this world. She must destroy the evidence of her offense.
Francine Rivers, As Sure as the Dawn|If your deepest feelings are reserved for something other than Almighty God, then that something other is an emotional idol... if you get more excited about material things than the simple yet profound fact that your sin was nailed to the cross by the sinless Son of God, then you're bowing down to Tammuz.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|If you want to get warm you must stand near the fire: if you want to be wet you must get into the water. If you want joy, power, peace, eternal life, you must get close to, or even into, the thing that has them. They are not a sort of prize which God could, if He chose, hand out to anyone. They are a great fountain of energy and beauty spurting up at the very centre of reality. If you are close to it, the spray will wet you: if you are not,, you will remian dry. Once a man is united to God, how could he not live forever? Once a man is separated from God, what can he do but wither and die.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Until you can understand illogicality, and the meaningfulness of it, shun the Sufis except for limited, precise, self-evident services.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, the only thing you need is to have happy thoughts.
Touaxia Vang|Don't celebrate how old you are, celebrate the years you survived.
Balroop Singh|Introduction of rational standards to differentiate between acceptable and unacceptable forms of drug related conduct allows us to hold drug users fully accountable for any harm resulting from irresponsible, stupid or ‘anti-social’ drug use in a manner consistent with current alcohol and tobacco policies, and more importantly, in a manner consistent with our commitment to the principles of liberty, freedom of choice and so on.
Jim Breyer|We have to wonder whether digital technology, rather than making it easier to communicate, is actually doing the opposite. We now sit alone at a keyboard, firing off zeros and ones into the ether. Offices are silent.
Gabrielle Hamilton, Blood, Bones, and Butter: The Inadvertent Education of a Reluctant Chef|Just think of a safe location.""Are there tennis balls in the soup?""Come on, be serious.""A pear camping highway fire mask," he said, more intensely.My heart rate, which had finally started slowing, sped up again.
Dada Bhagwan|Life is there to attain Liberation while going through the experience of it. It should not be ‘above normal’ or ‘below normal,’ it should be ‘normal’.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Love is an admiration that comes with patience. Lust is an admiration that comes with impatience. In all, admiration is common but patience is not!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you fail, never give up. Keep trying, you will succeed.
Hippocrates|We look for medicine to be an orderly field of knowledge and procedure. But it is not. It is an imperfect science, an enterprise of constantly changing knowledge, uncertain information, fallible individuals, and at the same time lives on the line. There is science in what we do, yes, but also habit, intuition, and sometimes plain old guessing. The gap between what we know and what we aim for persists. And this gap complicates everything we do.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Soon he essentially stopped talking. "I am retreating into silence as a defensive mode," he mentioned. Eventually, he was down to uttering just five words, and only to guards: yes; no; please; thank you. "I am surprised," he wrote, "by the amount of respect this garners me. That silence intimidates puzzles me. Silence is to me normal, comfortable." Later he added, "I will admit to feeling a little contempt for those who can't keep quiet.
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|Taking the continent as a whole, this religious tension may be responsible for the revival of the commonest racial feeling. Africa is divided into Black and White, and the names that are substituted- Africa south of the Sahara, Africa north of the Sahara- do not manage to hide this latent racism. Here, it is affirmed that White Africa has a thousand-year-old tradition of culture; that she is Mediterranean, that she is a continuation of Europe and that she shares in Graeco-Latin civilization. Black Africa is looked on as a region that is inert, brutal, uncivilized - in a word, savage.
Clay Shirky|Sharing thoughts and expressions and even actions with others, possibly many others, is becoming a normal opportunity, not just for professionals and experts but for anyone who wants it. This opportunity can work on scales and over duration that were previously unimaginable. Unlike personal or communal value, public value requires not just new opportunities for old motivations; it requires governance, which is to say ways of discouraging or preventing people from wrecking either the process or the product of the group.
Sunday Adelaja|There is nothing wrong with you being tempted, the important thing is that you do not fall for the temptation
Tina Fey|Basically, after an ABC sitcom I did, I ended up with a holding deal with 20th Century Fox. Absolutely cool. It pays you to be unemployed. And the bigger the entity that gives you the deal, the better.
Eloisa James, A Duke of Her Own|Never judge yourself by the narrowstandards of others. What we do together here is ourbusiness, nobody else's. Never, never doubt what we havejust done is anything but love. Never let yourself be restrictedby thoughts of what society would have you do, what it wouldaccept or condemn. Please promise me that.
The Intellectual Origins of the European Reformation|For me, all writing -- storytelling and style -- gets back to the Bible, Twain and Hemingway, and not in that order.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|Bill was wrestling with his undercooked chicken. "Wow," I remarked while examining my own plate. "I don't think I can eat this." "I know. It's gross," he conceded. "But it's free, so I scarf down seconds each night." "As a dog returneth to his vomit," I said, while making the sign of the cross in the air in front of me. "Amen," he agreed with his mouth full, and toasted me with his 7Up can.
Rubianne Wood|Additions like to enter without knocking, you just have to close the door for good...
Mark Gorman|If God didn't want you to be a dreamer, He wouldn't go around handing out dreams! That's a clue! 
John Crowley, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Novelty. Security. Novelty wouldn't be a bad title. It had the grandness of abstraction, alerting the reader that large and thoughtful things were to be bodied forth. As yet he had no inkling of any incidents or characters that might occupy his theme; perhaps he never would. He could see though the book itself, he could feel its closed heft and see it opened, white pages comfortably large and shadowed gray by print; dense, numbered, full of meat. He sensed a narrative voice, speaking calmly and precisely, with immense assurance building, building; a voice too far off for him to hear, but speaking. ("Novelty")
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fill your mind Holy Scripture, that speak life into your life.
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens|Impossible things are really rough to do, you know.
Gitty Daneshvari, Monster High: Ghoulfriends Forever|I've always loved joining clubs--although, in truth, they're usually book clubs." ~Robecca Steam
Andrew Lang, The Olive Fairy Book|And then they lived happily, and we who hear the story are happier still.
P.G. Wodehouse, Carry on, Jeeves|Well, you know, there are limits to the sacred claims of friendship.
G.A. Aiken, Supernatural|..my father was the best man in the world and probably worth a hundred of me, but he didn't understand me. The town he lived in and the town I lived in were not the same.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|Maybe happiness didn't have to be about the big, sweeping circumstances, about having everything in your life in place. Maybe it was about stringing together a bunch of small pleasures. Wearing slippers and watching the Miss Universe contest. Eating a brownie with vanilla ice cream. Getting to level seven in Dragon Master and knowing there were twenty more levels to go. Maybe happiness was just a matter of the little upticks- the traffic signal that said "Walk" the second you go there- and downticks- the itch tag at the back of your collar- that happened to every person in the course of the day. Maybe everybody had the same allotted measure of happiness within each day. maybe it didn't matter if you were a world-famous heartthrob or a painful geek. Maybe it didn't matter if your friend was possibly dying. Maybe you just got through it. Maybe that was all you could ask for.
Shannon L. Alder|Shame without repentance doesn’t lose power when it is spoken, it only seeks approval.
Richard Gunderman|Burnout at its deepest level is not the result of some train wreck of examinations, long call shifts, or poor clinical evaluations. It is the sum total of hundreds and thousands of tiny betrayals of purpose, each one so minute that it hardly attracts notice. When a great ship steams across the ocean, even tiny ripples can accumulate over time, precipitating a dramatic shift in course. There are many Tertius Lydgates, male and female, inhabiting the lecture halls, laboratories, and clinics of today’s medical schools. Like latter-day Lydgates, many of them eventually find themselves expressing amazement and disgust at how far they have veered from their primary purpose.
Ellen Hopkins, Crank|You were a summer gift, one I'll always treasure. You were a dream I never wanted to wake up from. You opened my eyes to things I'll never really see. You're the best thing that will ever happen to me.
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|People and their dwellings were such a thin dust on the surface of the globe, like invisible specks of bacteria on an orange, and the feeble lights of kebab shops and supermarkets failed utterly to register on the infinities of space above.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|I will indulge my sorrows, and give way to all the pangs and fury of despair.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|When we share those stories we've been scared to share, voicelessness loses it's wicked grasp.
Georges Rodenbach, Bruges-La-Morte|As he walked, the sad faded leaves were driven pitilessly around him by the wind, and under the mingling influences of autumn and evening, a craving for the quietude of the grave … overtook him with unwanted intensity.
James Rozoff|You all know," said the Guide, "that security is mortals' greatest enemy.
K.A. Linde, Off the Record|Don't be afraid to start small, entrepreneurship takes courage to win, and look for quick wins while setting a short and long term vision
Joseph Brodsky|Most of my arguments with musicians through the years have had more to do with their attitude about music, or their attitude about their own lives, or their personal responsibility. Music has never really been the big centerpiece of the fight.
Gabriel García Márquez|The world must be all fucked up," he said then, "when men travel first class and literature goes as freight.
Arthur C. Clarke|Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.""Two possibilities exist: Either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The eyes of love have 20/20 vision when focused on another, and become entirely blind when focused on ourselves.
John Brockman|In other words, scientists don't concentrate on what they know, which is considerable but also miniscule, but rather on what they don't know. The one big fact is that science traffics in ignorance, cultivates it, and is driven by it.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|Jesus has borne the death penalty on our behalf. Behold the wonder! There He hangs upon the cross! This is the greatest sight you will ever see. Son of God and Son of Man, there He hangs, bearing pains unutterable, the just for the unjust, to bring us to God. Oh, the glory of that sight! The innocent punished! The Holy One condemned! The Ever-blessed made a curse! The infinitely glorious put to a shameful death! The more I look at the sufferings of the Son of God, the more sure I am that they must meet my case. Why did He suffer, if not to turn aside the penalty from us? If, then, He turned it aside by His death, it is turned aside, and those who believe in Him need not fear it.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Ariel: "Why do such stories always sound so sad? Why can't people part on more amiable terms?"Danny: "Human nature," he said. "When feelings change and a person is at their most insecure, it's a matter of personal survival, I think. It's not always meant to hurt, but it often does.
Ben Lerner, The Hatred of Poetry|Poetry is like an unexpected noise in the night: the creak of a door, a footstep on the porch, the soft scuffle of a moth against the screen, which rouses every sense to an instant alert. So comes poetry to the drowsy mind, which startles a moment, wonders, and returns to sleep.
Ada Lovelace|I don't feel pressure in a negative way. I like pressure. I feel excitement and calm at the same time. No pressure, no diamonds. I want pressure: pressure creates drama, creates emotion.
Saminu Kanti|There's one country that can be trusted to understand the complexity of history, it's Nigeria.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Ah! how little knowledge does a man acquire in his life. He gathers it up like water, but like water it runs between his fingers, and yet, if his hands be but wet as though with dew, behold a generation of fools call out, 'See, he is a wise man!' Is it not so?
Tim O'Brien, If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home|With a hangover and with fear, it is difficult to put a helmet on your head.
Simeon Kondev|I feel like every project I work on is a dream project, so long as I am learning.
Chuck Schumer|I planned on being an English teacher, but I don't know where that went.
Katie McGarry, Walk the Edge|My best friend has warned me to stay away. Violet, a girl raised by the Terror, has warned me to stay away, but even after digesting her advice, knowing the rumors and experiencing what I have, I can't leave. The bandage on Razor's arm and the cuts and bruises along his side testify to how dangerous his life is, but with one long look into those beautiful eyes , I know that I'm a lost cause to logic. I've already fallen in love.
Joss Sheldon, 'Involution & Evolution': A rhyming anti-war novel|For real men serve their country with random acts of kindness, not vicious acts of violence. And real soldiers have one duty, and one duty only; they have a duty to mutiny!
Amanda Lance, Endangered Hearts|Sharing pillow talk with the wrong people can make a hard bed to lie on, and will surely lead to nightmares in your relationship.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|...One thing you learn when you've lived as long as I have-people aren't all good, and people aren't all bad. We move in and out of darkness and light all of our lives. Right now, I'm pleased to be in the light.
Debasish Mridha|Even if you are strange, you may not be able to deny that we all live in the same home that we call Earth. So let us love her.
Ashley Graham|Women have to support each other more. Women get women. We understand each other when we are happy or sad, when we have our period, start a new job, or fall in love. We are typically the caretakers. Let’s take care of each other, start building each other up. The stereotype with women is that we are catty and vindictive. It’s important to fight against that notion. I have a no BS policy in my circle.
Claudia Gray, Defy the Stars|The quest to sin always knocks at the door of the heart, but behold! You have the right and will to open your door or never to mind the knocks, no matter how intense it is!
Henry Clay, The Life and Speeches of Henry Clay|Drizzt felt the despair most keenly. For all the trials of his hard life, the drow had held faith for ultimate justice. He had believed, though he never dared to admit it, that his unyielding faith in his precious principles would bring him the reward her deserved. Now, there was this, a struggle that could only end in death, where one victory brought only more conflict.
Anton Szandor LaVey, The Secret Life of a Satanist: The Authorized Biography of Anton LaVey|It’s not a crime to wish for other worlds. You’ll get taxed for it but they can’t throw you in jail for creating your own private world…yet. Dramatics are fun, an indulgence. ‘You can’t go backward,’ ‘You can’t live in the past,’ they tell you. Why not? ‘You’ve got to put all that behind you and move on to other things,’ they say. Bullshit! These are all expressions of modern disposability. It’s a mediocritizing technique—trying to get rid of what I call ‘past orthodoxies.’ It’s our past that makes us unique, therefore it’s our past that economic interests want to rob from us, so they can sell us a new, improved future. Society now depends on a disposable world—out with the old, in with the new, including relationships. But how we weep and wish we could hold onto those cherished moments forever, to those long-whispered dreams, those tortured nights—how we want to grasp them and stop them from sifting through our fingers. I say, ‘Don’t let it happen. Keep things the way you want them and let the rest of the world be duped.
Aleatha Romig, Truth|It has been said, people drawn to law enforcement have a sixth sense, an ability to see what others do not. He prayed he was wrong. His sixth sense said there was much more than a broken heart in Claire's past.
Loren Weisman|When you say the word marketing, do you think of serving? Until you do, you’re going to live far below your highest potential.
Eleanor Brownn|Walk gently, and be brave.
Fred Rogers, Life's Journeys According to Mister Rogers: Things to Remember Along the Way|You are a very special person. There is only one like you in the whole world. There's never been anyone exactly like you before, and there will never be again. Only you. And people can like you exactly as you are.
Thomas Jefferson|I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led.
Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary|Never forget that there are only two philosophies to rule your life: the one of the cross, which starts with the fast and ends with the feast. The other of Satan, which starts with the feast and ends with the headache.
Minrose Gwin|There is such a thing as crazy-mother bonding. . . . It happens when one realizes the other also has had a crazy mother, and it is both painful and pleasurable. There are more crazy mothers than you might think.
Rumi|Take care of your inner, spiritual beauty. That will reflect in your face.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|I don't have a life of my own. I've put myself and my life at the service of the people. If necessity dictates I run, I run.. go to jail, I go to jail.. die, I die.My private aspirations are exactly the general aspirations of the people.
Angelica Hopes|When you realize that incompetent police officers are harassing you, you need to call 911 and demand that a police supervisor be immediately dispatched to the scene. In the mean time you need to be video recording everything, as police officers are known for their blatant lies and fabrications.
Noor Iskandar|I'm not telling you to be quiet. I'm just saying that if you speak a little softer, we both might just hear what peace sounds like.
Patricia Storace, The Book of Heaven: A Novel|The reason many are loathe to acknowledge the possibility of absolute truth is not simply because they do not wish to accept the possibility of the existence of an all-powerful, all-knowing deity. It is because they do not want to accept the consequences that follow from the existence of an all-powerful, all-knowing deity as the source of absolute moral truth.
Clare Vanderpool, Moon Over Manifest|If there is such a thing as a universal--and I wasn't ready to throw all of mine out the window--it's that there is power in a story. And if someone pays you such a kindness as to make up a tale so you'll enjoy a gingersnap, you go along with that story and enjoy every last bite.
Brent Weeks, The Way of Shadows|Your Majesty,” Durzo said gravely. “A man of your stature’s cursing vocabulary ought to extend beyond a tedious reiteration of the excreta that fills the void between his ears.” - Durzo Blint
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|I have travel to the places I have been because, I had a vivid imagination of the places.
Karen Chance, Embrace the Night|Pritkin muttered something that sounded fairly vicious. “My clothes are warded! Even if I wished to accede to your demand, it would not work on them.”“Then strip.”“I beg your pardon?” He sounded almost polite suddenly, as if he believed he couldn’t possibly have heard right.
Ray Bradbury|It makes little difference how many university courses or degrees a person may own. If he cannot use words to move an idea from one point to another, his education is incomplete.
Debra Anastasia, Bittersweet Seraphim|To be honest, I think cell phones were invented by the devil.
Kim Baldwin, Taken by Storm|After everything that's happened, her fear of requesting a prescription or of asking Trevor about his mother baffles her. Shouldn't life-altering events make you less afraid of the little stuff? But it's the little stuff that paralyzes her: talking, eating, dressing, sleeping. Everyone in school is afraid of the apocalypse; she is afraid of living through it.
Jay Woodman|If she died as a result of this journey, it wouldn't be because of slavers. It would be because Richard's inability to communicate would give her a heart attack.
Robert L. O'Connell, The Ghosts of Cannae: Hannibal & the Darkest Hour of the Roman Republic|Where some see a new world disorder, others see the opportunity to bring organization.
Stella Gibbons, Starlight|Dear, Missus, Mister - I beg you never to give thoughts to war, in no way, not to work for it, not by writing nor by reading about it nor by looking at the pictures nor on the television about it. Not in any way ever, at all. Not by being a soldier, sailor, airman, work in factory or above all at atom bombs. Above all at atom bombs. No obligation for this, dear fellow creature. Signed Your Fellow Creature.''P.S.,' said Gerald slowly, without turning from the window, 'If we all do this, we shall succeed.
Benjamin Lotter|As Plato: What is play and delightful one kind of child is coercion and torture for another, and will not take no matter how much coercion is applied.
Eberhard Jüngel, God as the Mystery of the World: On the Foundation of the Theology of the Crucified One in the Dispute Between Theism and Atheism|...godly power and godly love are related to one another neither through subordination nor dialectically. Rather, God's mightiness is understood as the power of his love. Only love is almighty. Then God's lordship is to be understood as the rule of his mercy and God's law is accordingly the law of his grace.
C.S. Forester|Her face was the best of Raquel Welch and Christy Brinkley combined. All atop a curvaceous body that would make Rubens drop his paintbrush."-Adam W. Jones, Fate Ball
Omar Sharif|I never fell in love with another woman. I cannot have a relationship with a woman if I'm not in love...I'm a very particular person, I'm not very much interested in short adventures with women or girls. I have to fall in love with someone in order to have a realtionship with her.
Helen Keller|Relationships are like Rome -- difficult to start out, incredible during the prosperity of the 'golden age', and unbearable during the fall. Then, a new kingdom will come along and the whole process will repeat itself until you come across a kingdom like Egypt... that thrives, and continues to flourish. This kingdom will become your best friend, your soul mate, and your love.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|how does she know it's the right room?' wondered Descant.Oh, I don't know; mabye it's the magical red glow coming from the doorway, or perhaps it's the deafening howl of the temporal winds.' said Mervall. Descant nodded.'You could be right, brother. And don't think I don't know sarcasm when I hear it.
Susan Hill, Howards End Is on the Landing: A Year of Reading from Home|Fast reading of a great novel will get us the plot. It will get us names, a shadowy idea of characters, a sketch of settings. It will not get us subtleties, small differentiations, depth of emotion and observation, multilayered human experience, the appreciation of simile and metaphor, any sense of context, any comparison with other novels, other writers. Fast reading will not get us cadence and complexities of style and language. It will not get us anything that enters not just the conscious mind but the unconscious. It will not allow the book to burrow down into our memory and become part of ourselves, the accumulation of knowledge and wisdom and vicarious experience which helps to form us as complete human beings. It will not develop our awareness or add to the sum of our knowledge and intelligence. Read parts of a newspaper quickly or an encyclopaedia entry, or a fast-food thriller, but do not insult yourself or a book which has been created with its author's painstakingly acquired skill and effort, by seeing how fast you can dispose of it.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|Never give in to peer pressure, especially if the peer is not attractive.
Osho, The Empty Boat: Talks on the Sayings of Chuang Tzu|But Tilo had crept up on him, and become a kind of compulsion, an addiction almost. Addiction has its own mnemonics – skin, smell, the length of the loved one’s fingers. In Tilo’s case it was the slant of her eyes, the shape of her mouth, the almost ­invisible scar that slightly altered the symmetry of her lips and made her look defiant even when she did not mean to, the way her nostrils flared, announcing her displeasure even before her eyes did. The way she held her shoulders. The way she sat on the pot stark naked and smoked cigarettes. So many years of marriage, the fact that she was not young any more – and did nothing to pretend otherwise – didn’t change the way he felt. Because it had to do with more than all that. It was the haughtiness (despite the question mark over her ‘stock’, as his mother had not hesitated to put it). It had to do with the way she lived, in the country of her own skin. A country that issued no visas and seemed to have no consulates.
Simon Sinek|I work a little bit like a sculptor. When I start, my first idea for a building is with the material. I believe architecture is about that. It's not about paper, it's not about forms. It's about space and material.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|A responsible person accepts the results of his choices, attributing blame or praise to himself; that is what makes you happy with the way you turned out.
W.H. Auden, Collected Poems|Base words are uttered only by the baseAnd can for such at once be understood;But noble platitudes — ah, there's a caseWhere the most careful scrutiny is neededTo tell a voice that's genuinely goodFrom one that's base but merely has succeeded.
Dolph Ziggler|Some people are fighting much, much more important battles and much bigger battles, and if we get the chance to put a smile on their face for ten seconds, it's so worth it.
Ezra Koenig|While there are many obstacles that deter students from going to college, finances by no means should be the deciding factor.
Maya Angelou|I come from an Irish Catholic family, and hell-raising is part of the DNA.
Martin Kihn, Bad Dog: A Love Story|I nearly tripped over Stieglitz, my dog, a forty-pound black-and-white keeshond (pronounced caze-hawnd) furball. He lunged at me with unbridled glee because the mere sight of my presence always made his day. It's important to have a dog. Dogs love unconditionally. (Thwonk)
Elena Ferrante|The most difficult achievement is the capacity to see oneself, to name oneself, to imagine oneself. If in daily life we use ideologies, common sense, religion, even literature itself to disguise our experiences and make them presentable, in fiction it’s possible to sweep away all the veils—in fact, perhaps, it’s a duty.
Steve Goodier|Through life, I want to walk gently. I want to treat all of life – the earth and its people – with reverence. I want to remove my shoes in the presence of holy ground. As much as possible, I want to walk in peace.I want to walk lightly, even joyfully, through whatever days I am given. I want to laugh easily. I want to step carefully in and out of people's lives and relationships. I don't want to tread any heavier than necessary.And throughout life, I think I would like to walk with more humility and less anger, more love and less fear. I want to walk confidently, but without arrogance. I want to walk in deep appreciation. I want to be genuinely thankful for life's extravagant, yet simple, gifts – a star-splattered night sky or a hot drink on an ice-cold day.If life is a journey, then how I make that journey is important. How I walk through life.
William Irwin Thompson|On the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.
Elizabeth Hay, Late Nights on Air|Speak your mind, even though your voice shakes.
Estelle|I do love Instagram, and my kids are with me, like, 24-7, so it's inevitable that they'll be on there. And honestly, I know it sounds weird, but I look up people all the time on it. Because I find people so interesting, and I'm curious about them. It's a gateway to meet new people. I think the whole concept of Instagram is really cool.
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|There's something about sports. You can be setting fire to cats and burying them in your backyard, but as long as you're playing team sports, people think you're okay.
Luffina Lourduraj|People love you and value you by,how good you are? And not by,how good you look.
Beth Moore, Whispers of Hope: 10 Weeks of Devotional Prayer|By the time we were knit in our mothers' wombs, our lives were like open books before Him--every sentence read, every paragraph indented, every chapter titled, every page numbered. He knew it all in advance--all the sin, all the selfishness, every weakness. Yet He chose to love us--lavishly.
Claire Hajaj|Even heaven would become hell if you were alone in it, or away from a loved one. And even if you were with your loved one, but in hell, eventually you would cry to have you and your loved one together in heaven. So to create your own heaven on earth, make sure you and your loved one are in a place you both love, because what could be heaven for one, could be hell for the other.
O Thiam Chin, Best New Singaporean Short Stories: Volume Two|Any moment now, I thought, he was going to wake up. Any moment.
Joanne Harris|The working class of England take their deracination completely for granted. Disenchantment is the happy code that informs every byway of the underclass: service jobs, celebrity dreams, Lotto wins, leisured poverty on pre-crunch credit cards, it's all there, part of the story of an English people whose grandparents never had it so good.
Arthur Gordon, A Touch of Wonder|Time is our most precious currency. So it’s significant that we are being encouraged, wherever possible, to think of our attention not as expenditure but as consumption. This blurring of labor and entertainment forms the basis, for example, of the financial alchemy that conjures deca-billion-dollar valuations for social-networking companies.
Mary Webb, Precious Bane|Avoid the Holy Grail, the heroic journeys, the pursuit of a legend--that is not the life of the bookaneer, who must keep his eyes on the ground while other book people live by dreaming.
R.R. Washburn, Departed: A Dead Man Does Tell Tales|I love you now... I love you immortally, even if I die and there is nothing left of me.
Louis Zamperini, Devil at My Heels|(after asking Christ into his heart) I waited. And then, true to His promise, He came into my heart and my life. The moment was more than remarkable; it was the most realistic experience I'd ever had. I'm not sure what I expected; perhaps my life or my sins or a great white light would flash before my eyes; perhaps I'd feel a shock like being hit by a bolt of lightning. Instead, I felt no tremendous sensation, just a weightlessness and an enveloping calm that let me know that Christ had come into my heart.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|I’ve been able to see all that I’ve needed, my love: your kindness, your compassion, your tenderness, your love, and your soul. These are all I care about.Of course you do and I don’t expect anything different from you. But next time, I will give you more. You’ll see the colours of every season.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|I make my own judgements of people, mate. I don't need to borrow yours.
Virginia Alison|A time when sky blue love bids farewell to the day and before dusk falls, the sunset ignites the smouldering embers of the moonlit soul...
Jordan MacLean, Sword of Hemlock|Duke to Michel: I’m fairly certain that even ifyou’d struggle in a quiz against a pigeon, you are capable enough of opening doors.
Kelsey Grammer|I always point out to my Passover guests that the Hebrews were not living in isolation. They were at the crossroads of several great, elaborate cultures with their own mythology and religion and art and architecture and cultural belief. In fact, so many of the mythologies of the world describe the same events, just from different points of view.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The greatest gift you can leave to humanity is the beautiful trace you left behind yourself that invites people to reason, science and peace!
Henry N. Beard, Poetry for Cats: The Definitive Anthology of Distinguished Feline Verse|If a fish is the movement of water embodied, given shape, then cat is a diagram and pattern of suble air.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Portable Nietzsche|Sensuality often hastens the "Growth of Love" so much that the roots remain weak and are easily torn up.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Perfection is a lie, and lying to others is explicable but lying to oneself is the highest form of deceit.
Mike Bond, The Last Savanna|...He sat back on his heels and watched the stars one by one cut their way through onrushing darkness, till all was reversed, day was night, and the blackness glittered with all the desert's sands, each a tiny flame beyond the bounds of time.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Strategic Spiritual Warfare|-Waiting Time is time of preparation, planning pruning before time of manifestation (time of showing forth)
Courtney Summers, All the Rage|He pulls down one of my straps, slides his other hand in among the feathers, but it's no good, I lie there like a dead bird. He is not a monster, I think. I can't afford pride or aversion, there are all kinds of things that have to be discarded, under the circumstances. "Maybe I should turn the lights out," says the Commander, dismayed and no doubt disappointed. I see him for a moment before he does this. Without his uniform he looks smaller, older, like something being dried. The trouble is that I can't be, with him, any different from the way I usually am with him. Usually I'm inert. Surely there must be something here for us, other than this futility and bathos.
Leslie Hauser, Chasing Eveline|She said, 'People don't know what they like until they hear it. And that is the magic of music. Every song is a possibility, and all it takes is the right chord or the right beat and the heart is hooked.
Allama Iqbal|If we suggest that it is okay to make fun of everything except certain aspects of Islam because Muslims are much more sensitive than the rest of the population, isn’t that discrimination? Shouldn’t we treat the second-largest religion in France, exactly as we treat the first? It’s time to put an end to the revolting paternalism of the white, middle-class, “leftist” intellectual trying to coexist with these “poor, subliterate wretches.” “'I’m' educated; obviously I get that 'Charlie Hebdo' is a humor newspaper because, first, I’m very intelligent, and second, it’s my culture. But you—well, you haven’t quite mastered nuanced thinking yet, so I’ll express my solidarity by fulminating against Islamaphobic cartoons and pretending not to understand them. I will lower myself to your level to show you that I like you. And if I need to convert to Islam to get even closer to you, I’ll do it!” These pathetic demagogues just have a ravenous need for recognition and a formidable domination fantasy to fulfil.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|In a world where language and naming are power, silence is oppression, is violence.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|You know when you feel good and you know when you feel bad. As a result, you are experiencing and displaying a wide range of energies, aren’t you? Some bring you up, while some bring you down. Start paying attention to your unique energy.
Karl Pilkington|Odd as I am sure it will appear to some, I can think of no better form of personal involvement in the cure of the environment than that of gardening. A person who is growing a garden, if he is growing it organically, is improving a piece of the world. He is producing something to eat, which makes him somewhat independent of the grocery business, but he is also enlarging, for himself, the meaning of food and the pleasure of eating.
Katherine Starbird, Reenie Gyse|He remembered believing there had been a time when monsters roamed the earth. The brave hearted fought flesh-and-blood dragons instead of shadowboxing their inner demons, the sport of modern man.
Melody Beattie, The Language of Letting Go: Daily Meditations on Codependency|Make New Year's goals. Dig within, and discover what you would like to have happen in your life this year. This helps you do your part. It is an affirmation that you're interested in fully living life in the year to come. Goals give us direction. They put a powerful force into play on a universal, conscious, and subconscious level. Goals give our life direction.What would you like to have happen in your life this year? What would you like to do, to accomplish? What good would you like to attract into your life? What particular areas of growth would you like to have happen to you? What blocks, or character defects, would you like to have removed?What would you like to attain? Little things and big things? Where would you like to go? What would you like to have happen in friendship and love? What would you like to have happen in your family life?What problems would you like to see solved? What decisions would you like to make? What would you like to happen in your career?Write it down. Take a piece of paper, a few hours of your time, and write it all down - as an affirmation of you, your life, and your ability to choose. Then let it go. The new year stands before us, like a chapter in a book, waiting to be written. We can help write that story by setting goals.
Martha Scott|Last, I would like to thank the dogs, not just the Vick pack, but all of them, simply for being dogs, which is to say, tolerant and perseverant; willing to connect with a world that does not always return their affection; and for proving, time and again, that life, while messy, difficult, and imperfect, has the capacity to exceed our expectations and feed our undying hope.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we are filled with the Spirit of God, obeying God, in His will and quoting Scripture, Satan will be defeated.
Fakeer Ishavardas|To live unhappily, is failing life.
Terry Pratchett, Dodger|Do you know how a pearl comes to be?""Oysters make them, from a bit of sand.""Aiyah. From a bit of sand." He rolled the pearl between his fingers. "All pearls begin as something unpleasant that the oysters cannot expel from themselves, even though they may want to. So they embrace these things that will not leave them, shaping them and smoothing away the sharp edges, until over time, they make of these unwanted things great treasures.
Susan Polis Schutz|For me, it's not necessarily interesting to play a strong, fearless woman. It's interesting to play a woman who is terrified and then overcomes that fear. It's about the journey. Courage is not the absence of fear, it's overcoming it.
Fern Schumer Chapman, Motherland: Beyond the Holocaust: A Mother-Daughter Journey to Reclaim the Past|The past is a presence between us. In all my mother does and says, the past continually discloses itself in the smallest ways. She sees it directly; I see its shadow. Still, it pulses in my fingertips, feeds on my consciousness. It is a backdrop for each act, each drama of our lives. I have absorbed a sense of what she has suffered, what she has lost, even what her mother endured and handed down. It is my emotional gene map.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|For a permanent solution to easing tension and soothe the rough waters of the world that cause people to go to drugs, drinking, gambling, pornography, overeating, or anything that will give them some temporary relief, you can’t beat the support and encouragement of a friend.
Clifford Cohen|If someone called me fat, that affects me way more than someone calling me a f----t. I think just because I've accepted that, if someone calls me a f----t, it's like, I am gay and I'm proud to be gay so there's no issues there. If something calls you fat, that's something I want to change.
Marilyn French|There are unknown forces in nature; when we give ourselves wholly to her, without reserve, she lends them to us; she shows us these forms, which our watching eyes do not see, which our intelligence does not understand or suspect.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|Hearing my brother’s words coming out of Henry, this stranger in a strange town, made me feel wild with all the loss—wild and wired with no place to put those feelings.
Katlego Semusa|FOES will be the first to scream out all your FAILURES but what they don't know is that they're also unconsciously whispering your SUCCESSES & ACCOMPLISHMENTS... Simply shut out the screams and listen carefully to the WHISPERS because that's all that counts! Sit back, relax and let your SUCCESS make all the noise!
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|Yet I am not writing with ordinary ink, but with red blood that dripsfrom my heart. All its wounds long scarred over have opened and itthrobs and hurts, and now and then a tear falls on the paper.
Daisaku Ikeda|Every family should have the right to spend their money, after tax, as they wish, and not as the government dictates. Let us extend choice, extend the will to choose and the chance to choose.
Mette Hjort, Emotion and the Arts|...human beings are able to attend to issues longer, to think harder about them, to receive deeper impressions that last longer, if information is presented in a context of emotion--a sort of hot dressing--than if it is presented wholly without affect.
Harold M. Schulweis|I want to dance always, to be good and not evil, and when it is all over not to have the feeling that I might have done better.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|If only a horrible storm can demolish the castle of the devil, then let the storm be victorious! It is not uncommon that heaven comes after hell!
Nora Ephron|Whatever you choose, however many roads you travel, I hope that you choose not to be a lady. I hope you will find some way to break the rules and make a little trouble out there. And I also hope that you will choose to make some of that trouble on behalf of w
Pop Samuel|I am no fun at all. In fact, I am anti-fun. Not as in anti-violence, but as in anti-matter. I am not so much against fun - although I suppose I kind of am - as I am the opposite of fun. I suck the fun out of a room. Or perhaps I'm just a different kind of fun; the kind that leaves on bereft of hope; the kind of fun that ends in tears.
Svaradiva|If you are talking about beauty, books are cheaper than cosmetics.
Susan Meddaugh, Cinderella's Rat|What is the difference between an obstacle and an opportunity? Our attitude toward it. Every opportunity has a difficulty, and every difficulty has an opportunity.
Dolly Parton|People commonly travel the world over to see rivers and mountains, new stars, garish birds, freak fish, grotesque breeds of human; they fall into an animal stupor that gapes at existence and they think they have seen something.
Ryan Seacrest|I'll always stay connected with Apple. I hope that throughout my life I'll sort of have the thread of my life and the thread of Apple weave in and out of each other, like a tapestry. There may be a few years when I'm not there, but I'll always come back.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|I sit there on the floor with the picture in front of me and think about how things get broken all the time by accident, and how sometimes you just don't get round to getting them fixed.
Robert Bloch, Psycho|Funny how we take it for granted that we know all there is to know about another person, just because we see them frequently or because of some strong emotional tie.
Roy Orbison|If I can get you to laugh with me, you like me better, which makes you more open to my ideas. And if I can persuade you to laugh at the particular point I make, by laughing at it you acknowledge its truth.
Kris Kidd, Split Lips: Stories About Love & Sex|And then he’s somewhere inside of me, each thrust rattling my ribcage like a bottle of pills. I’m somewhere outside of myself, thinking about lust— about my slutty white sheets and all the men who like to hide in them.
kevin mcpherson eckhoff|I need my own armor, and soon. A silly queen I'll look when I've been slowly flattened into a man.
Cormac McCarthy, Child of God|The closer you got to anything beautiful, the less beautiful it became. Allure was in the mystery, not the appearance.
Molly Crabapple|In the Middle East in the summertime, to keep cool, a lot of people sleep on the rooftops.
Charles Kettering|We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success. We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.
Larry Crabb, Inside Out: Real Change Is Possible If You're Willing to Start from The...|Djuna had wanted a life of desire and freedom, not luxury but beauty, not security but fulfillment, not perfection but a perfect moment like this one...
John Green, Looking for Alaska|There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow-that, in short, we are all going
Janet Reno|You know, those of us who leave our homes in the morning and expect to find them there when we go back - it's hard for us to understand what the experience of a refugee might be like.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in vain to chase two birds at the same time, even if you have a thousand legs.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|An over-indulgence of anything, even something as pure as water, can intoxicate.
Lindy West|[He] made me feel lonely, and being alone with another person is much worse than being alone all by yourself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When they began, they could not have thought that it would end like this, because their time seemed to them as simple as a flame. We know now that it was a very complicated time and that they were more complicated people than they knew.
Lynda Barry|It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office.
E.L. James|Damn, her voice was awfully sexy for being a tree. Coop wasn’t sure he was comfortable with that thought. Probably a good time to head out, before he started trying to hump a knothole or something.
Karen Handel|The function of combat is not merely to perpetrate violence, but to perpetrate violence on command, instantaneously and reflexively. The function of the service academies is to prepare men for leadership positions where they may someday exercise that command.
Mark Strand, Blizzard of One|What we desire, more than a season or weather, is the comfortOf being strangers, at least to ourselves.
C. JoyBell C.|I’m barely human. I’m more like a creature; to me, everything gives off a scent! Thoughts, moments, feelings, movements, words left unsaid, words barely spoken; they all have a distinct sense, distinct fragrances! Both a smell and a touch! To inhale is to capture, to experience! I can perceive and I can “touch” in so many odd ways! And so I am made up of all these scents, all these feelings! An illumination of nerve endings!
Peter Gluckman, Mismatch: Why Our World No Longer Fits Our Bodies|It seems that all eukaryotic cells either have, or once had (and then lost) mitochondria. In other words, possession of mitochondria is a sine qua non of the eukaryotic condition
Amy Adams|Art used to be made in the name of faith. We made cathedrals, we made stained-glass windows, we made murals.
José Rizal, Liham para sa Kababaihan ng Malolos|....let her be loved not only for her beauty and amiable character, but also for her strength of mind and loftiness of purpose, which enliven and raise the feeble and the timid and ward off all vain thoughts. Let her be the pride of her country and let her command respect.
Deidre Huesmann, Blistered|Oh, oh, oh being a soldier... I remember that day... and that time.. and some moments.. I am still confused... as a soldier you could kill first somebody without a reason with soldier way string from piano... as a second... we use codes likePanda on Black... Black and white... Over the Game... Game the Shit... and many others what do they mean!?!?- Ohhhhh... you don't want to know, do ya???
V.C. Andrews, Forbidden Sister|If you hold a bird too tightly, you'll crush its wings
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
Calvin W. Allison, Shadows Over February|You have to get off that finite road that you’ve created from your transitional standpoint and onto the path of light. Onto the infinite road of eternal existence, the firm foundation of truth. This is where the crooked becomes straight, the lost get found, the blind see, and the dead live. Where the tangible reasoning of logical man loses credibility and is proven unrealistic. Where faith becomes active and the world of the supernatural becomes obvious. You have to accept Jesus. Accept it, accept Jesus.
Roger Housden, Ten Poems to Open Your Heart|If you love too much, you lose yourself.If you love too little, you never find yourself.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Desmond|I think that our form of government is certainly the best—not that can be imagined—but that has ever been experienced; and, while we are sure that practice is in its favour, it would be most absurd to dream of destroying it on theory.
Chuck Klosterman, I Wear the Black Hat: Grappling With Villains|Everyone knows history is written by the winners, but that cliche misses a crucial detail: Over time, the winners are always the progressives. Conservatism can only win in the short term, because society cannot stop evolving (and social evolution inevitably dovetails with the agenda of those who see change as an abstract positive). It might take seventy years, but it always happens eventually. Serious historians are, almost without exception, self-styled progressives. Radical views--even the awful ones--improve with age.
Jorge Silva Rodighiero, Sacrifice|He felt his heart was going to explode, his body burned while his mind tried to reconstitute the ashes of who he once had been.
Merce Cardus, I say Who, What, and Where!|No matter where we come from, a little sugar is what everybody demands in life, what everybody needs in life. It's perhaps the main ingredient that keeps us alive.
Plato|I regard the rights of men and women equal. In Love's fair realm, husband and wife are king and queen, sceptered and crowned alike, and seated on the self-same throne.
Jean Shinoda Bolen|Why is it that such a basic education such as not quitting or not giving up is always continued to be taught? When we drive to a destination and hit a stop light or a train do we turn back around no because we will never arrive to that destination pretty easy concept to understand for everyone.There are many more basic examples that are "Basic" but the real reason is that 99.9% of most understand basic concepts but we don't listen to our intuition. We know action, consistency, not quitting are basic to success.Once Fear, Anxiety, Love, Laziness, lack of focus and ambition are overcome by our strength of intuition then we can achieve anything that we want.
C.S. Lewis|Of course, I quiet agree that the Christian religion is, in the long run, a thing of unspeakable discomfort. But it does not begin in comfort; it begins in the dismay and it is no use at all trying to go on to that comfort without first going through that dismay. In religion, as in war and everything else, comfort is one thing you cannot get looking for it. If you look for the truth, you may find comfort in the end: if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth-only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin with and the in the end, despair.
Siddharta Mukherjee|It isn't creativity that fades, but stamina: science is an endurance sport
Donna Goddard, Love's Longing|We love with all our heart, in every way that we can love but the heart is not burdened. We learn to keep it light and pliable. It has space. It breathes. It waits on Life to give instructions. It sings with sweetness when the winds are soft and warm. It stands with calm patience when the storm is brewing. It lets go when death and seeming endings have left their irrefutable mark. It moves. It heals. It hopes. It allows Life to be lived in the safe, fertile, and still inner space where it grows stronger and more compelling every day.
John Crowder, The Ecstasy of Loving God|Worship is basically adoration, and we adore only what delights us. There is no such thing as sad adoration or unhappy praise.
Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart|As your heart goes, so goes your family! If your heart isn't right, no child raising system, rules, or gimmicks will ever work. As your heart goes, so goes your parenting!
Alan Alda|Yet man will never be perfect until he learns to create and destroy; he does know how to destroy, and that is half the battle.
Manuel Puig|'NewsHour' is very interested in poetry, but they're also interested in not just that something's cute to add on at the end of their programming, but something that actually is integrated into the news.
Y.K. Willemse, Rafen|This is the beginning of a new time,” Torius said, “a great moment for us. One of us has learnt the Tongue and freed a princess. I have saved him and killed the guards. No longer will we be slaves. No longer will the guards tell us what to do. No longer will we listen. We will fight till we get what we want!”A roar exploded from the children around him.“This is a revolution,” Torius went on. “You all remember the pain that you have felt when the guards have touched you. You all know the shame we carry within us at being treated like this. No more! We will stand!
Alex Shakar, The Savage Girl|With the Internet, we can choose the very communities we want to be a part of.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|Breaking our silence is powerful. Whether it comes as a whisper or a squeak at first, allow that sense of spaciousness, of opening, allow yourself to trust the bottomlessness, and lean into the dark roar which will light up every cell.Though it may start softly, we build in confidence and skills, we realise we do not need to wait for permission before we open our mouths. We do not need to wait for others to make space for us, we can take it. We do not need to read from others’ scripts or style ourselves in weak comparison. We do not need to look to another’s authority because we have our own. Down in our cores. We have waited so long for permission to know that it was our time, our turn on stage. That time is now. Our voices are being heard into being. They are needed.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|February 13, 1936I ask of people more than they can give me. It is useless to maintain the contrary. But what a mistake and what despair. And myself perhaps...Seek contacts. All contacts. If I want to write about men, should I stop talking about the countryside? If the sky or light attract me, shall I forget the eyes or voices of those I love? Each time I am given the elements of a friendship, the fragments of an emotion, never the emotion or the friendship itself.
Ally Carter, Double Crossed: A Spies and Thieves Story|I once had a complete life - in love, in envy, in pains. Now, I was living a death. A peaceful, gorgeous, liberating death.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|If I do wrong, I may do it unwittingly, thinking I am doing something for the best; but if it turns out to be wrong, I have done it, and I must bear the responsibility. It is not somebody else’s or something else’s fault. If it is I am less than human. Like everybody else, I tend to rationalize and alibi, before I let myself admit, “Yes, I did this. I am sorry. I will do what I can to make reparation.” Our sins defeat us unless we are willing to recognize them, confess them, and become healed and whole and holy—not qualified, mind you; just holy.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|We cannot become starched Christians, those overeducated Christians who speak of theological matters as they calmly sip their tea. No! We must become courageous Christians and go in search of the people who are the very flesh of Christ! ... This is the [issue]: the flesh of Christ, touching the flesh of Christ, taking upon ourselves this suffering for the poor.
Robert E. Lee|It is well that war is so terrible, or we should grow too fond of it.
Tahereh Mafi|So,' he says. 'When's the big day? Have you set a date yet?''What?' I startle. 'For what?''For the day you're going to stop being such a dumbass,' he says shooting me a sharp look.'Oh.' I cringe. Kick at the air. 'Yeah, that'll probably never happen.''Yeah, you're probably right.''Shut up.
Jean-François Lyotard|…is postmodernity the pastime of an old man who scrounges in the garbage-heap of finality looking for leftovers, who brandishes unconsciousnesses, lapses, limits, confines, goulags, parataxes, non-senses, or paradoxes, and who turns this into the glory of his novelty, into his promise of change?
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|On the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|While it is true that many people simply can't afford to pay more for food, either in money or time or both, many more of us can. After all, just in the last decade or two we've somehow found the time in the day to spend several hours on the internet and the money in the budget not only to pay for broadband service, but to cover a second phone bill and a new monthly bill for television, formerly free. For the majority of Americans, spending more for better food is less a matter of ability than priority. p.187
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|We are all born like Catholics . . . in limbo, without religion.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|The appeal of reading, she thought, lay in its indifference: there was something undeferring about literature. Books did not care who was reading them or whether one read them or not. All readers were equal, herself included. Literature, she thought, is a commonwealth; letters a republic.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Jiu Jitsu opened up doors in my mind that public education had bolted shut. In hindsight, I see just how superficial my thoughts had been prior to this art. It is no coincidence that my efforts in reading and writing have run parallel with this craft. I began training Jiu Jitsu at twenty-two, and at the time of this writing I am about to turn thirty. I have learned more in the past eight years than the previous twenty-two, and have no doubts that Jiu Jitsu opened up my mind in a way traditional organized education never could. Jiu Jitsu gave me a life when I didn't know how to live. It is the best thing I have ever done, and is the foundation upon which all I will do.
David Morrell, Creepers|His blank face communicated an emptiness that could never be filled"- Frank Balenger
Jahanshah Safari|In this world No phenomenon is strange.It surprises us because of our lack of knowledge about it." - Jahanshah Safari
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|Many Spirit-filled authors have exhausted the thesaurus in order to describe God with the glory He deserves. His perfect holiness, by definition, assures us that our words can't contain Him. Isn't it a comfort to worship a God we cannot exaggerate?
Fran Sandham, Traversa|And new physical problems are arising almost daily. I'm getting problems from a painful trapped nerve in my shoulder, where my rucksack strap has been pinching it, and I can't straighten my arm above shoulder level - soon I will be limping like Richard III. By now my back is covered with eczema, the result of a perpetually sodden shirt and rucksack pressed against it day after day in this heat. In one place my pack has rubbed a painful hole in my skin through the eczema; carrying my rucksack was unpleasant before, but now it is purgatory. This eczema must be partly due to eating bad food for so long - I never had this problem at home. I'm expecting my teeth and hair to start falling out before long, and I've got more or less a permanent acid indigestion from eating so much junk. Week after week I've lived on lukewarm Coca-Cola, stale buns and doughnuts, slurps, green bananas, powdered milk and far too many cigarettes. With all the rubbishy food and sugar soft drinks I've been consuming, I'll see the east coast through a hypoglycaemic haze.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|We Lannisters do have a certain pride," said Tyrion Lannister.“Pride?” Catelyn snapped. His mocking tone and easy manner made her angry. “Arrogance, some might call it. Arrogance and avarice and lust for power.”“My brother is undoubtedly arrogant,” Tyrion Lannister replied. “My father is the soul of avarice, and my sweet sister Cersei lusts for power with every waking breath. I, however, am innocent as a little lamb. Shall I bleat for you?” He grinned.
Charles Baudelaire, Artificial Paradises|In the summer heat the reapers say, “We have seen her dancing with the autumn leaves, and we saw a drift of snow in her hair.
Charlotte Stein, Run to You|Certainly seems it when she half-turns in his arms and he just leans right down into her and kisses and kisses. Oh, how syrupy-slow his kisses are. She could live in those warm, wet pulls.
Claire North, Touch|You say 'love' too easily, Kepler.""No, not rally - please don't call me that. The idea that love has to be a blazing romantic thing of monogamous stability is innately ludicrous. You loved your parents, perhaps, because they were the warmth you could flee to. You loved your first childhood crush with a passion that made your lips tingle, your flesh grow light in their presence. You loved your wife with the steadiness of an ocean against the shore; your lover with the blaze of a shooting star, your best friend with the confidence of a mountain. Love is a many-splendorous thing, as the old song says....
Malebo Sephodi, Miss Behave|To misbehave us to denounce the social norms that limit individuals based on who they are. That to make history is to upset patriarchy, a system that is intent on controlling and marginalising others.
Neil Postman, The End of Education: Redefining the Value of School|School overpopulates students’ minds with too much of what happened yesterday; seldom with what the students can do today, or, tomorrow.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As child, when the elders spoke their wise words, it only echoes in my ears. As adult, I have crystal clear insight to the wise aphorisms by the elderly.
Deb Caletti, Stay|We’d never talked about his parents, like he was some underwater Peter Pan.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|The scholar does not consider gold and jade to be precious treasures, but loyalty and good faith.
Julie Klausner|This is not what anyone wants to hear, just like somebody who wants to lose weight doesn't want to hear 'diet and exercise,' but I think giving yourself time and abstaining from interaction is the only way to get over somebody.
Robert Smithson|People in cities may forget the soil for as long as a hundred years, but Mother Nature's memory is long and she will not let them forget indefinitely.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|They say they give their women more freedom, but there's still the impression that the freedom was theirs to 'give' in the first place.
Dani Alexander, Shattered Glass|Maybe it’s just getting older. You become so palpably aware this is not a dress rehearsal. There’s a big sign in blazing neon that says You Haven’t Got Long. But I think it takes a beat to learn that. Life has to knock you down in order for you to realise it, because when you’re a kid you think you’re immortal.
Tullian Tchividjian|There is no way to peace along the way of safety. For peace must be dared. It is the great venture. It can never be safe. Peace is the opposite of security. To demand guarantees is to mistrust, and this mistrusts in turn brings forth war.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|In the aftermath of September 11, and as the 9/11 Commission report so aptly demonstrates, it is clear that our intelligence system is not working the way that it should.
J.D. Salinger, Cliffs Notes on Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye|She’s adorable .” “How would you know?” “I’m gay, not blind. Her hair’s all poofy and she’s got a great nose. I mean, a great nose. And, what? What do you people like? Boobs? She seems to have boobs. They seem to be of approximately normal boob size. What else do you want?
Emory R. Frie, Wonderland|Never back, never back!... People don’t like going back, even if they must. I don’t like going back! And I’m not people! But I look back, sometimes, every so often, just to make sure I’m not leaving anything important behind. Like my tail! I can never be sure when I leave my tail behind me by mistake.
Shampa Sharma|Paulie smiled slightly at this, as profanity had always felt to him like a seal of understanding, a shortcut to extreme feeling that people used when they needed it most.
Guy de Maupassant, The House of Madame Tellier and Other Stories|Did you ever think that maybe we’re like that?” she asks me.I smile into the dark. How many times have I thought of myself as the ocean? “You think we’re like water?”Gemma sits up. The salty wind coming off the water snaps her hair around her shoulders. With one hand in the middle of my chest, she tries to push me into the sand. I’m strong enough to hold her off, but I don’t want to. I willingly collapse back and she crawls over me. Holding a smile on her face, she slips her legs on either side of my hips and settles her weight on me.In a voice thin as smoke, she says, “Well, maybe that’s how we start. Maybe, in the beginning, we’re nothing but a theoretical vast and empty sea with this huge open sky above us.”Her hands press down on my stomach and her fingers pull at the bottom of my shirt. She leans forward until her breasts are rubbing against me and her mouth is almost touching the skin of my neck.“Then slowly,” she continues, “over time, the currents change and we build up these continents inside our bodies.” Now her fingers walk a path from my bellybutton to my sternum. “And eventually, we have canyons and deserts and trees and beaches and all sorts of places where we can go and live.”I suck in a breath as Gemma flattens her hand on the skin just above my heart and kisses me just below my ear. Then she turns her face, fitting the crown of her head beneath my jaw and says, “Most of the time we’re safe on the land, but sometimes we get sucked out to sea. What do you think happens then?”I think about everything we’ve shared today. I think about Gemma and me. And how it feels like the geography inside of my own body is changing, how it’s been changing from the moment I met her. Maybe even before that.And I think about the continents we’re building between us. The bridges of land moving from her fingers to mine and the valleys and mountains formed by her lips on my skin and her words in my head.I use both of my hands to cup her face and pull her to my mouth. I press my lips to hers, parting her mouth and drinking in her breath. “I think you’d have to start swimming.”A minute of silence ticks by.Over the low drone of the waves on the beach, she whispers, “And what if you can’t swim very well?”I think for a minute. “Then you fly.
P. J. O'Rourke|I spend my happiest hours in reading Vedantic books. They are to me like the light of the morning, like the pure air of the mountains - so simple, so true, if once understood.
Awkwafina|I had a 'Cats' phase, where I did lots of overturned furniture and trash cans. I asked for a fog machine for my birthday.
Kami Garcia|Brother raises a hand against brother and son against father (how terrible!) and the father also against son. And moreover it is a continuity-matter, for if the father did not strike the son, they would not be alike. It is done to perpetuate similarity. Oh, Henderson, man cannot keep still under the blows.... A hit B? B hit C?--we have not enough alphabet to cover the condition. A brave man will try to make the evil stop with him. He shall keep the blow. No man shall get it from him, and that is a sublime ambition.
Skye Cleary, Existentialism and Romantic Love|Every novel says to the reader: “Things are not as simple as you think.” That is the novel’s eternal truth, but it grows steadily harder to hear amid the din of easy, quick answers that come faster than the question and block it off. In the spirit of our time, it’s either Anna or Karenin who is right, and the ancient wisdom of Cervantes, telling us about the difficulty of knowing and the elusiveness of truth, seems cumbersome and useless.
Chris Michaels, The Power of You: How to Live Your Authentic, Exciting, Joy-Filled Life Now!|And like anyone who is in valiant pursuit of dreams, the ups and downs come and go, but the dream lives in the heart forever.
Harlan Ellison|It is not merely enough to love literature if one wishes to spend one's life as a writer. It is a dangerous undertaking on the most primitive level. For, it seems to me, the act of writing with serious intent involves enormous personal risk. It entails the ongoing courage for self-discovery. It means one will walk forever on the tightrope, with each new step presenting the possiblity of learning a truth about oneself that is too terrible to bear.
Keri Hulme, The Bone People|These are the four that are never content: that have never been filled since the dew began-Jacala's mouth, and the glut of the kite, and the hands of the ape, and the eyes of Man.
Kindle Alexander, Full Disclosure|The minute that guy walked inside the front doors, Cody sat back and just stared. He was tall, dark, and exceedingly handsome with all that brawn and a killer smile. When he’d come to the bar and focused on Cody, training those amber eyes his way, Cody hardened to painful degrees. It had taken everything to keep himself nonchalant because that same man who currently rubbed about seventy-five percent of his body against Cody was his wet dream walking. Someone that could make him lose his mind and quite possibly his morals just to get a single taste.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon|Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.
Augustine of Hippo|In my deepest wound I saw your glory, and it dazzled me.
Paul McAuley, Evening's Empires|If I could have just one wish,I would wish to wake up everydayto the sound of your breath on my neck,the warmth of your lips on my cheek,the touch of your fingers on my skin,and the feel of your heart beating with mine...Knowing that I could never find that feelingwith anyone other than you.
A.S. King, Ask the Passengers|When she smiles at you, you will feel like the whole world in yours. If you really love her; else her smile wouldn't matter.
Neil Gaiman|Night was spreading slowly around the spinning Earth. It should have been full of pinpricks of light. It was not. There were five billion people down there. What was going to happen soon would make barbarism look like a picnic - hot, nasty, and eventually given over to the ants.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|As for biblical or religious theory, I don’t ever want to fight about the details of the story, I want to live the reality of the message.
Angus J.L. Menuge, Agents Under Fire: Materialism and the Rationality of Science|It is not at all coincidental that Darwinian psychology has the same difficulty explaining the unity and integration of human reasoning as Darwinian biology has explaining the unity and integration of irreducibly complex functions. Practical and theoretical reasoning is often irreducibly complex. A given argument has several well-matched, interacting reasons, and the removal of any one of them makes the argument break down.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|It's okay to have fear - we're all human; it happens - but in facing your fears, you can really open yourself up to things you never thought possible.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If you want to excel in any endeavour you must pay attention to detail, know exactly what you want, have the detail on how you want it done and how you will get it done. You must realize the importance of definitions and love defining things in your life and about your life – Define your mission, define your problem, define your future, define your path and the finer details of your vision. Use your sense of imagination and creativity.
Terry Pratchett|Whenever you are in doubt, or when the self becomes too much with you, apply the following test. Recall the face of the poorest and the weakest man whom you may have seen, and ask yourself if the step you contemplate is going to be of any use to him. Will he gain anything by it? Will it restore him to a control over his own life and destiny? In other words, will it lead to swaraj for the hungry and spiritually starving millions?
J. Michael Straczynski, Before Watchmen: Nite Owl/Dr. Manhattan|Resting beside her, he seemed to Ildiko a living statue, carved from dark granite into a form of supple elegance and power. He was beautiful, and the tremor change in her perception of him robbed her lungs of air.He opened both eyes suddenly, making her jump. Two shimmering gold coins stared at her unblinking. "Good evening, wife," he said in a voice raspy with the remnants of sleep. A closed-lip smile curved his mouth upward and deepened the tiny lines that fanned from the corners of his eyes. "You're staring. Do I have a fly on my nose?"Fighting down a blush at being caught gawking at her own husband, Ildiko lightly tapped the tip of his nose with one finger. "I was trying to find a way to kill it without punching you in the face. Lucky for you, it flew away.
Sean J Halford, Stronger Than Lions|My mother once said if you can’t handle the fact that your world-view might be entirely inaccurate, you are not worthy of believing in it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|I feel very privileged to hear how somebody used to run around stickin' people up and stealing cars, and now they're gettin' their life back together... I just love the stories. The stories of the fallen world, they excite us. That's the interesting stuff.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Heaven would be Hell in no time if every cruel, selfish, vicious soul went to Heaven.
Budd Schulberg|Without our listening, all the stories are the same story.
Elisabeth Elliot|Her eyes narrowed when no one bothered to introduce themselves. Even her father just gave a curtnod and kissed Mercy on the cheek before going to his mate. She looked at Bas. “Did you four gangup on Riley?”Absolute silence in the kitchen except for her mother ’s exasperated breath. “Michael T. Smith, I toldyou to leave the boy alone.”The “boy” held her tighter against him, obviously not the least bit worried. “I’m fine, Mrs. Smith.And I have a sister, too.”Lia turned her gaze on Riley. “Good God, Mercy. You brought another one into the family?
Nicolas Bouvier, The Way of the World|That day, I really believed that I had grasped something and that henceforth my life would be changed. But insights cannot be held for ever. Like water, the world ripples across you and for a while you take on its colours. Then it recedes, and leaves you face to face with the void you carry inside yourself, confronting that central inadequacy of soul which you must learn to rub shoulders with and to combat, and which, paradoxically, may be our surest impetus.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|– No SF novel ever won the Booker, growls a prowling clansman on his way into the SF Café.The librarian swings a shotgun from inside her longcoat, blasts the bullshit axiom from the air. Screw the Booker, she thinks. She’d rather have a hookah.
Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs|A grayeyard is not a democracy, and yet death is the great democracy..
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|The young habitually mistake lust for love, they're infested with idealism of all kinds.
Vince Lombardi|We had to forge an alliance of strength based not on colour but on commitment to the total abolition of apartheid and oppression; we would seek allies, of whatever colour, as long as they were totally agreed on our liberation aims.
Stephen Knapp|The more you understand your true spiritual identity, and your connection with the Supreme, the easier it will be to love your Self.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|If you wait, your heavenly Father will pick you up, carry you out into the night, and make your life sparkle. He wants to dazzle you with the wonder of his love.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Cranford|My father once made us," she began, "keep a diary, in two columns; on one side we were to put down in the morning what we thought would be the course and events of the coming day, and at night we were to put down on the other side what really had happened. It would be to some people rather a sad way of telling their lives," (a tear dropped upon my hand at these words) - "I don't mean that mine has been sad, only so very different to what I expected.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Up and down the lanes, the last unevacuated townspeople wake, groan, sigh. Spinsters, prostitutes, men over sixty. Procrastinators, collaborators, disbelievers, drunks. Nuns of every order. The poor. The stubborn. The blind.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|...some patients resist the diagnosis of a post-traumatic disorder. They may feel stigmatized by any psychiatric diagnosis or wish to deny their condition out of a sense of pride. Some people feel that acknowledging psychological harm grants a moral victory to the perpetrator, in a way that acknowledging physical harm does not.
Gene Stratton-Porter, The Keeper of the Bees|We cannot control all the circumstances of our lives, but we can control our attitudes and our actions. If we don’t, someone else will.
C. JoyBell C.|Children must be taught that they are worth being heard, being saved and being loved.
Yōko Ogawa, The Diving Pool: Three Novellas|Since that time, I've had many similar moments, and I can never hear the words "family" and "home" without feeling that they sound strange, never simply hear them and let them go. When I stop to examine them, though, the words seem hollow, seem to rattle at my feet like empty cans.
David Brock|What is required as we travel towards full unemployment is not new legislation but a gradual change of mental attitude, a shift in values. As our taste for idling grows, we will refuse to work for old-fashioned bosses who demand a five-day, 40-hour, nine-to-five type week, or worse.
Robert Dale Owen|Our second phase was to develop a school curriculum that teaches tolerance, respect for differences, conflict resolution, anger management, and other attributes of peace.
Lao Tzu|In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
Ojo Michael E.|FOXFIRE NEVER SAYS NEVER!	By the time the kidnapped turquoise-and-chrome car overturns--turns and turns and turns!--in a snow-drifted field north of Tydeman's Corners Legs Sadovsky will have driven eleven miles from Eddy's Smoke Shop on Fairfax Avenue, six wild miles with the Highway Patrol cop in pursuit bearing up swiftly when the highway is clear and the girls are hysterical with excitement squealing and clutching one another thrown from side to side as Legs grimaces sighting the bridge ahead, it's one of those old-fashioned nightmare bridges with a steep narrow ramp, narrow floor made of planks but there's no time for hesitation Legs isn't going to use the brakes, she's shrewd, reasoning too that the cop will have to slow down, the fucker'll be cautious thus she'll have several seconds advantage won't she?--several seconds can make quite a difference in a contest like this so the Buick's rushing up the ramp, onto the bridge, the front wheels strike and spin and seem at first to be lifting in decorous surprise Oh! oh but astonishingly the car holds, it's a heavy machine of power that seems almost intelligent until flying off the bridge hitting a patch of slick part-melted ice the car swerves, now the rear wheels appear to be lifting, there's a moment when all effort ceases, all gravity ceases, the Buick a vessel of screams as it lifts, floats, it's being flung into space how weightless! Maddy's eyes are open now, she'll remember all her life this Now, now how without consequence! as the car hits the earth again, yet rebounds as if still weightless, turning, spinning, a machine bearing flesh, bones, girls' breaths plunging and sliding and rolling and skittering like a giant hard-shelled insect on its back, now righting itself again, now again on its back, crunching hard, snow shooting through the broken windows and the roof collapsing inward as if crushed by a giant hand upside-down and the motor still gunning as if it's frantic to escape, they're buried in a cocoon of bluish white and there's a sound of whimpering, panting,sobbing, a dog's puppyish yipping and a strong smell of urine and Legs is crying breathlessly half in anger half in exultation, caught there behind the wheel unable to turn, to look around, to see, "Nobody's dead--right?"	Nobody's dead.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|When I was in the Navy, everyone fell under the purview of “navy gray”. It is the military’s way of reminding its enlisted personnel that they are all equal. Man or woman, black or white, young or old, everyone was navy gray. With God's grace I can proudly say a better understanding of this concept has helped me ameliorate disputes, mend fences that appeared hopeless and find light in the midst of darkness.
Martin Luther|Christmas cut history in two ages, the Age of Promise, and the Age of Fulfillment.
David Lee|I was really desperate. I don't know if you can remember back that far, but when I went to graduate school they didn't want females in graduate school. They were very open about it. They didn't mince their words. But then I got in and I got my degree.
Annabel Joseph, Cirque de Minuit|Danny couldn't help it, he laughed as he shook his head. "You bit the apple.""I bit the apple," Paul agreed. His eyes glimmered bright blue as tears welled up in them and he gave Danny a soft smile.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Not every good idea is God's perfect will for you; it may need discerning, wisdom and experience to tell the difference.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The disciples of Jesus Christ, believes in God.
Bernard Edwards|Once you don't smile on film, they say, 'Let's have that bloke who doesn't smile.'
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|if we want individuals to take responsibility for their actions we must first establish a rational, effective and empowering means of separating individual responsibility from that of the collective.
David McCullough|I grew up listening to a lot of soul music, and a lot of folk music.
Kurt Vonnegut|In England, an inventor is regarded almost as a crazy man, and in too many instances, invention ends in disappointment and poverty. In America, an inventor is honoured, help is forthcoming, and the exercise of ingenuity, the application of science to the work of man, is there the shortest road to wealth.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 2|Well, I've always wanted to call my son 
Joan Didion|I know why we try to keep the dead alive: we try to keep them alive in order to keep them with us. I also know that if we are to live ourselves there comes a point at which we must relinquish the dead, let them go, keep them dead. Let them become the photograph on the table. Let them become the name on the trust accounts. Let go of them in the water. Knowing this does not make it any easier to let go of him in the water.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Holding the bread to her chest, she made her way home, thinking of those dreamy winter afternoons, when the light looked as it did now, the crystalline blue of the sky slipping into a faded purple, as faint as a bruise.
Marshall McLuhan, The Medium is the Massage|The ear favours no particular “point of view.”We are enveloped by sound.It forms a seamless web around us.We say, “Music shall fill the air.” We never say, “Music shall fill a particular segment of the air.”We hear sounds from everywhere, without ever having to focus. Sounds come from “above,” from “below,” from in “front” of us, from “behind” us, from our “right,” from our “left.”We can‘t shut out sound automatically. We simply are not equipped with earlids.Where a visual space is an organised continuum of a uniformed connected kind, the ear world is a world of simultaneous relationships.
Betsy Brandt|Yes, I was actually an acting teacher for a while.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Carrying someone else’s weight is only going to weigh down on you and add stress, frustration, and pain. Choose who you work with and play with wisely.
Prince Akwarandu|Information transforms and command the keys to uncommon destiny in life.ight information, whether social spiritual or physical remains the hub of every outstanding accomplishment on earth today.
Alam Bakshi|We can't be searching for the meaning of life, at each moment of our life! We need to go out there and live each moment!
John Donne|You forget your feet when the shoes are comfortable. You forget your waist when the belt is comfortable. Understanding forgets right and wrong when the mind is comfortable. There is no change in what is inside, no following what is outside, when the adjustment to events is comfortable. You begin with what is comfortable and never experience what is uncomfortable when you know the comfort of forgetting what is comfortable.
Felix Alexander|Love is the only memory one never loses, Isaac.” His father had said. “Because even if one loses his mind the memory always remains in the heart.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|If you can't feel anything, it doesn't mean it's not hurting.
Lee Smith, Oral History|One who be armed with positive force energy may repell negative daggers, walk through the wilderness - and live to tell it.
Sharon Salzberg|Skateboarding helps a ton with balance, precision, with air awareness... it gets your senses to be spot-on and it's also a great way to take my mind off things.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Always be truthful. When you lie to others, you are really lying to yourself.
Bill Gates|When I read that Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 had disappeared - a state-of-the-art Boeing 777, said to be an incredibly safe way to travel - I waited patiently for the chance to learn what happened.
Robin Li|The special sphere of finance within economics is the study of allocation and deployment of economic resources, both spatially and across time, in an uncertain environment. To capture the influence and interaction of time and uncertainty effectively requires sophisticated mathematical and computational tools.
Leonard Peikoff, Objectivism: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand|Every argument for God and every attribute ascribed to Him rests on a false metaphysical premise. None can survive for a moment on a correct metaphysics....Existence exists, and only existence exists. Existence is a primary: it is uncreated, indestructible, eternal. So if you are to postulate something beyond existence—some supernatural realm—you must do it by openly denying reason, dispensing with definitions, proofs, arguments, and saying flatly, “To Hell with argument, I have faith.” That, of course, is a willful rejection of reason.Objectivism advocates reason as man’s sole means of knowledge, and therefore, for the reasons I have already given, it is atheist. It denies any supernatural dimension presented as a contradiction of nature, of existence. This applies not only to God, but also to every variant of the supernatural ever advocated or to be advocated. In other words, we accept reality, and that’s all.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Reality works in this fashion: what you hold in your mind – the self-image,hopes and expectations, world view, beliefs, fears, feelings and all else – becomes realized in your life, continuously.
Renée Vivien|Captain Billings," he drawled finally, "if you will pardon my candor, I might remark that you are something of an ass, don't you know.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
George Carlin|Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they?
Seth Shostak|Everything you see is filtered through your visual system (imperfect) and your brain (also imperfect, despite what your mom told you). Witness testimony is the worst kind of evidence in science.
Deanna Chase, Haunted on Bourbon Street|The essence of an individual is made up of both their soul and spirit. Spirit is basically life energy, while the soul is what gives a person the ability to feel compassion, love, and all the things that make one human.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|... for when a man's spirit has been thoroughly crushed, he may be peevish at small offenses, but never resentful of great ones.
Eve Newton, Secrets|A father’s only dream is to hear his daughter ask to kill some zombies. Go for it, sweetie. Make this old man proud.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|Tell all the Truth, but tell it slant/Success in Circuit lies...
Beth Moore, To Live Is Christ|If my children think I'm genuine, no one else's opinion matters to me.
Sunday Adelaja|A system should be viable, it should let your dream to be developed and born
Michael Hofmann|Each write the story of your life, so try writing the best you can.
Sienna Miller|I go mainly by the Dolce diet. It is a little hard to describe: it's not really a diet but more of a lifestyle. I eat throughout the day; I have three meals and two snacks, and it changes according to what I need at the time.
Patricia Lockwood, Motherland Fatherland Homelandsexuals|Ah, don't let us undo what you've done!' she cried. 'I can't go back now to that other way of thinking. I can't love you unless I give you up.
Leonardo da Vinci|Luck is great, but most of life is hard work.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|Men need men to keep their edges hot and clean, whereas women keep us warm and soft.
Augustine of Hippo|I asked, "You mean, you might as well spend your life going upward, through the happy places, since heaven and hell - the destinations - are the same thing anyway?""Same - same," he said. "Same in end, so better to be happy on journey."I said, "So, if heaven is love, then hell is...""Love, too," he said.
Charles de Secondat|The U.S. economy and workers benefit from a strong, healthy relationship between government and business.
Nicole Bonomi|Sweet words. Gentle deceptive balm. Help, love, to belong together, to come back again— words, sweet words. Nothing but words. How many words existed for this simple, wild, cruel attraction of two bodies! What a rainbow of imagination, lies, sentiment, and self-deception enclosed it!
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|The heterosexual emotions of young children can find a natural, wholesome and innocent outlet with other children; in this form they are a part of play, and like all play, they afford a preparation for adult activities.
Nigella Lawson|Growing up, I've enjoyed hunting with my father.
Dan Chaon|Devil-boy Jack: "A higher power than ours directs us against the wych-kin. There is no turning back."Thaniel Fox: "There is no higher power, Devil-boy! And I am no-one's pawn, neither man nor wych nor whatever entity you speak of."Devil-boy Jack: "I do not speak of entities. I speak of the force that created the physics of the universe, the force that makes time flow forward and not allow everything to happen at once, the force that sets the patterns to which the planets turn. Its weapons are coincidence, unlikelihood, happenstance. It is there when a man stops suddenly to pick up a coin dropped by another man ten days before, and the woman who is to be his wife bumps into him, and five hundred years hence their offspring rules half the world. It is there when a chance comment causes a scientist to think, What if...? and ten years later a great plague is cured. It is so vast that what we call chaos is simply another part of its order, with a shape too big to see. It has no name, nor will it ever have, though man may hint darkly at fate and destiny. It is what it is... the pattern. We may choose our own paths, but the pattern is always ahead of us. It is a way. It is the way.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|Tobacco,' Jig said. 'I used to raise tobacco once. But I quit. I was plowing one morning, and the Lord said, "Jig, how'd you like for your daughter to smoke?" And I said, "I wouldn't like it, Lord. It's a sin for a woman to smoke." And I unhitched the mule right there in the middle of the row and left.''You say you left?''Left,' Jig said. 'I went fishing then. You know that's where He called them from. From fishing. One of these mornings He'll come and stand on the riverbank and He'll say, "Jig." And I'll say, "Yes, Lord?" And He'll say, "Follow me, Jig." And I will arise and follow Him. Aw, He ain't come yet. But He's coming. He's got to get my mansion ready first, but He'll be here.'Then Jig told us about Heaven. He said it was a million miles square and a million miles high, and every street was gold and every house was a mansion. And at night every star was brighter than the sun.'Do you know why He made the stars?'Uncle Burley said he didn't know.'He liked to hear them sing,' Jig said.
Lesley Manville|I eventually became proud of my strikeouts, because each one represented another learning experience.
Rachel Van Dyken|When I met you — somehow you healed me. From the inside out, the outside in. We conquered fears together, we learned, we laughed, and we loved. I swear, you caused my heart to soar more in the past few months than it has in my entire existence. My heart is whole because you chose to share yours with me, and it’s for that reason that I get down on not one, but both knees…” I knelt in front of her and gripped her hand. “And say thank you. Thank you for saving my life, thank you for loving me enough to treasure your own, and thank you for being my strength when I had none. I’d like to think our hearts are joined — forever entwined — but considering that’s not technically a legal joining, I have a question for youMarry me? Make me the happiest man alive.” I opened the box revealing my mom’s ring.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, A Princess of Mars|We climbed under the chain fence and knelt around Dad while he petted the cheetah. By then a few people had begun to gather. One man was calling to us to get back behind the chain fence. We ignored him. I knelt close to the cheetah. My heart was beating fast, but I wasn’t scared, only excited. I could feel the cheetah’s hot breath on my face. He looked right at me. His amber eyes were steady but sad, as if he knew he’d never see the plains of Africa again.
Galileo Galilei|By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox.
David G. McAfee|By the way, I never realized that to be nonbelieving, to be an atheist, was a thing to be proud of. It went without saying as it were.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Say to yourself, I am perfect, the way I am. Say to yourself, I am beautiful the way I am. Say to yourself, those who do not accept me the way I am, do not deserve me in their life.
Alison Cooklin, The Light Travellers: Luke's Journey|He cowered in terror as the body of the beast darkened the water above him. The monster swooped around the crevice, scenting the blood trail from Luke's foot. Luke saw that several of his toes had been ripped off. He felt sick.
Gordon Brown|Feminism isn't simply about being a woman in a position of power. It's battling systemic inequities; it's a social justice movement that believes sexism, racism and classism exist and interconnect, and that they should be consistently challenged.
Harrish Sairaman|Every complaint is just another opportunity to learn about the person better. Get curious, not angry!
Dennis Garlick|Improving intelligence is possible, but it is more likely to occur if children are given the right experiences at the right ages.
Kevin Rudd|I believe that international support through critical funds, together with the determination of my compatriots, Malawi can be a model country for meeting global health targets and get on with the business of African-driven global economic growth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|We talk too much about love,but spend little time practising it.We debate too much about love,but spend little time utilizing it.We sermonize too much about love,but spend little time performing it.We write too much about love,but spend little time exercising it.We read too much about love,but spend little time implementing it.
John Buchan, The 39 Steps|I am an ordinary sort of fellow, not braver than other people, but I hate to see a good man downed, and that long knife would not be the end of Scudder if I could play the game in his place.
Janet Flanner, Janet Flanner's World: Uncollected Writings 1932-1975|History looks queer when you're standing close to it, watching where it is coming from and how it's being made.
Irving R. Kaufman|I shop at a lot of vintage stores because the prices are amazing, and I love the idea that there's a history behind the piece I'm wearing.
Latika Teotia|Life throws up all kinds of people. Some may be kind, gentle, caring and loving; others may be indifferent who live through without making any difference to this world and there yet others who are loud, demanding as well as dominating. It is the last variety that always takes others for granted; they WILL have their way even if it means trampling others and even hurting their feeling in the bargain. They are like predators- beasts of prey. They will pounce on the weak, and won’t hesitate to rip them apart, if it suits them. They sniff out the kind hearted and caring people. Don’t waste your energy in trying to mould them because, firstly, it’s very difficult to change them and secondly it’s most certainly not YOUR duty to change anyone. What you should do instead is to send out a very clear message that your kindness, your gentleness or your caring nature are NOT your weaknesses- they are your strength. This nature of yours gives you the courage and the strength to do what you do. Believe me; they do not have the courage to take you on because they are like bullies who are basically cowards at heart. Let kindness and gentleness be your strength.
Gift Gugu Mona|When you strive for excellence in leadership, then you will excel as a leader.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|We seldom consider how much of our lives we must render in return for some object we barely want, seldom need, buy only because it was put before us...And this is understandable given the workings of our system where without a job we perish, where if we don't want a job and are happy to get by we are labeled irresponsible, non-contributing leeches on society. But if we hire a fleet of bulldozers, tear up half the countryside and build some monstrous factory, casino or mall, we are called entrepreneurs, job-creators, stalwarts of the community. Maybe we should all be shut away on some planet for the insane. Then again, maybe that is where we are.
William Dean Howells, The Rise of Silas Lapham|Yes, there's sense in that. But the suddenly rich are on a level with any of us nowadays. Money buys position at once. I don't say that it isn't all right. The world generally knows what it's about, and knows how to drive a bargain. I dare say that it makes the new rich pay too much. But there's no doubt but money is to the fore now. It is the romance, the poetry of our age. It's the thing that chiefly strikes the imagination. The Englishmen who come here are more curious about the great new millionaires than about anyone else, and they respect them more. It's all very well. I don't complain of it.
Suzka, Wonders in Dementialand|My mother had a way of accessing the energy of the people around her. There was no need to know their name, who they were or how she knew them. She didn’t recognize their surface. She went much deeper.
Walter Scott, The Complete Poetical Works of Sir Walter Scott|I’m not interested in blind optimism, but I’m very interested in optimism that is hard-won, that takes on darkness and then says, ‘This is not enough.’ But it takes time, more time than we can sometimes imagine, to get there. And sometimes we don’t.
Kurt Vonnegut|Hope is the struggle of the soul, breaking loose from what is perishable, and attesting her eternity.
Hayley Williams|But when they brought Sabira out, the crowd parted almost magically. A sea of hands rose faster than a swell and a bidding war commenced, amongst these civilized gentlemen who made their living off the backs of slaves.
Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man|We are not here concerned with hopes or fears, only with truth as far as our reason permits us to discover it.
Rachel Caine, Bite Club|But what is a memorial, when you come right down to it, but a commemoration of wounds endured? Endured, and resented. Without memory, there can be no revenge.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, change your attitude toward failure. Many successful people will tell you that if you aren’t failing, you aren’t trying—that failure is an essential precursor to achieving worthwhile endeavors. Failing (no matter how hard) is one of life’s best teachers for winning the next time.
Lorine Niedecker|I was the solitary plovera pencil for a wing-boneFrom the secret notesI must tiltupon the pressureexecute and adjust In us sea-air rhythm"We live by the urgent waveof the verse
Virginie Despentes, Vernon Subutex, 1|La vie se joue souvent en deux manches: dans un premier temps, elle t'endort en te faisant croire que tu gères, et sur la deuxième partie, quand elle te voit détendu et désarmé, elle repasse les plats et te défonce.
Billy Corgan|IntoxicatedWith the madnessI'm in love withMy sadnessBullshit beggars, enchanted kingdomFashion victims through their charcoaled teeth
Armistead Maupin, The Night Listener|My next memory is of waking up, it then being dark outside, and my brother and sister fast asleep on the couch. Sitting up I sensed something was broken. Maybe the night? It was open and alive with lights and noises and worried voices. The adults were up, and in and out: we were all waiting for something.
Essie Davis|Parenting is meant to be just a natural part of life. You just think you know how to do it but, of course, it's much more complicated than that.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If I have nothing but a room full of books, it is enough for me to survive life.
Susi Moore|In writing, there is art. And in art, there is craft ...
Marion G. Romney|I believe in study. I believe that men learn much through study. As a matter of fact, it has been my observationthat they learn little concerning things as they are, as they were, or as they are to come without study. I alsobelieve, however, and know, that learning by study is greatly accelerated by faith.
Vivian Amis, The Essentials of Life|When you draw a line in the sand, be careful it is not low tide.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|We prefer to be around others who bring out the best in us and make us feel good, don’t we? Customers want to do business with people who make them feel valued, appreciated, and happy.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|Unfortunately, the escape became the trap.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|He was good looking, "sort of distinguished when he wants to be", had a line, and was properly inconstant. In fact, he summed up all the romance that her age and environment led her to desire
Steve Martin|Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day.
Jessica Shirvington, Embrace|Then he kissed her, not just a brush of lips as she'd done, but a kiss a kiss that scalded her tongue. The tree burst into full blooms. The garden fluttered around her. A riot of flowers shot out of the earth. She was mud-covered as he pulled back.
Debasish Mridha|When you share your moments of joy with friends, that memory lasts forever.
Yann Martel|The human spirit glows from that small inner light of doubt whether we are right, while those who believe with certainty that they possess the right are dark inside and darken the world outside with cruelty, pain, and injustice.
U2|Little sister don't you worry about a thing todayTake the heat from the sunLittle sisterI know that everything is not okBut you're like honey on my tongueTrue love never can be rentBut only true love can keep beauty innocentI could never take a chanceOf losing love to find romanceIn the mysterious distanceBetween a man and a womanNo I could never take a chance'Cause I could never understandThe mysterious distanceBetween a man and a womanYou can run from loveAnd if it's really love it will find youCatch you by the heelBut you can't be numb for loveThe only pain is to feel nothing at allHow can I hurt when I'm holding you?I could never take a chanceOf losing love to find romanceIn the mysterious distanceBetween a man and a womanAnd you're the one, there's no-one elsewho makes me want to lose myselfIn the mysterious distanceBetween a man and a womanBrown eyed girl across the streetOn rue Saint DivineI thought this is the one for meBut she was already mineYou were already mine...Little sisterI've been sleeping in the street againLike a stray dogLittle sisterI've been trying to feel complete againBut you're gone and so is GodThe soul needs beauty for a soul mateWhen the soul wants...the soul waits ...No I could never take a chanceOf losing love to find romanceIn the mysterious distanceBetween a man and a womanFor love and FAITH AND SEX and fearAnd all the things that keep us hereIn the mysterious distanceBetween a man and a womanHow can I hurt when I'm holding you?
R.A.Delmonico|people tell you so much more when they know you're just about to be dead . and then they talk around you, when you are.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I have come to realize that my stupid gestures excites women alot, and if I'm really stupid, i will dare to take them to bed and excite them even more.
Srividya Srinivasan|In a relationship, it is not what you ask and receive that delights. It is receiving what you wanted but never asked
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|It is only when we first do what we are SUPPOSED to do, that we set ourselves to be successful at what we WANT to do
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|Yes, I think it's okay to abandon the big, established, stuck tribe. It's okay to say to them, "You're not going where I need to go, and there's no way I'm going to persuade all of you to follow me. So rather than standing here watching the opportunities fade away, I'm heading off. I'm betting some of you, the best of you, will follow me.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|He looked at her as a man might look at a faded flower he had plucked, in which it was difficult for him to trace the beauty that had made him pick and so destroy it
Brad Paisley, Diary of a Player: How My Musical Heroes Made a Guitar Man Out of Me|I believe in the understanding of difficult situations, difficult music, or any kind of difficulties, through familiarity. Familiarity, in this case, does not breed contempt, but breeds understanding.
Johnny Depp|One of the greatest pieces of advice I’ve ever gotten in my life was from my mom. When I was a little kid there was a kid who was bugging me at school and she said “Okay, I’m gonna tell you what to do. If the kid’s bugging you and puts his hands on you; you pick up the nearest rock...
Andrew Smith|Man will tell woman he will die for her, but I say, tell woman that you will die for her both physically and interior
Noah Webster|The reasonableness of the command to obey parents is clear to children, even when quite young.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|At that moment of realization (that union with God is always present), that's when God let me go, let me slide through His fingers with this last compassionate, unspoken message:You may return here once you have fully come to understand that you are always here.
Christina Engela, Fearotica: An Anthology of Erotic Horror|Peace with non-fundamentalists terrifies the fundamentalist because to them, being Christian doesn't mean just being 'good' - it means being 'better' than others. Being better that others means having to see them as enemies - and making war on them. The fundamentalist views not being allowed to make war on their enemies as oppression of their faith, or defeat.
Andrea Lee, Lost Hearts in Italy|...kids marked by the special thinness that one has only once, the transparent thinness of early maturity, when, without knowing it, you are immortal. And completely permeable. When you can walk indifferently down the street with a lover because you have become that lover. Two small people without dislike of suspicion.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|No matter how strong you claim your self, but there is always a weak point, where you break & shatter like a glass.!!
R.A.Delmonico|When your view is criticized or even ridiculed on television, on radio talk show, or in a newspaper editorial, don't just react angrily. Take a moment to jot down on paper the person's main thesis and how that thesis was supported. Then do two things. First, assume the person is expressing at least some good points and try to identify them. This assumption may be false, but the search for common ground with intellectual opponents is a good habit. In the process of identifying these good points, try to argue against your own view. Second, try to state on paper exactly how you would argue against the view being expressed in an intellectually precise yet emotionally calm way.
Paul S. Lynch|Art is seldom the result of true genius; rather, it is the product of hard work and skills learned and tenaciously practiced by regular people.
Margery Allingham|I don't judge a person by the place he or she is. I'm more interested in where that person is going, and the steps they are taking to get there.
Somya Kedia|Dream in colours, for hues are vibrant. Paint each day with a smile. In days of past, don't grieve; Make new deposit to the pleasant memory bank! Let your life be a reason for others to LIVE.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|Where an open war is impossible, oppression can continue quietly behind the scenes. Terrorism. Guerrilla warfare, violence, prisons, concentration camps. I ask you: Is this peace?The true antipode of peace is violence. And those who want peace in the world should remove not only war from the world but also violence. If there is no open war but there is still violence, that is not peace.
Debasish Mridha|Stress comes from unknown fear. To reduce stress, love what you do and be who you are.
Paul Lynde|I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church.
Steven D. Levitt, Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything|When moral posturing is replaced by an honest assessment of the data, the result is often a new, surprising insight.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|What a wonderful word, future. Of all the abstractions we can articulate to ourselves, of all the concepts we have that other animals do not, how extraordinary the ability to consider a time that's never been experienced. And how tragic not to consider it. It galls us, we with such a limited future, to see someone brush it aside as meaningless, when it has an endless capacity for meaning, and an endless number of meanings that can be found within it.
Manuel Corazzari|Everyone is looking for a miracle, when God puts in your heart the desire to pursue after your dreams, that's a miracle!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I don’t want us to be ashamed anymore (we all were crying by this point) of being pregnant or gay or poor or having a crackhead dad! I want us to be fucking proud of ourselves. (...) So we have to be proud and always remember who we are and when we make it to college, who we were.
Michelle Paver|Evil exists in us all, Torak. Some fight it. Some feed it. That's how it's always been.
Megan Fox|When one has love for God, one doesn't feel any physical attraction to wife, children, relatives and friends. One retains only compassion for them.
Jessica Lange|For me, nothing has ever taken precedence over being a mother and having a family and a home.
|The land of success will always be big enough for all, but you must still get yourself to it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes we get a little tired of the burdens of life, but it is exhilarating to know that Jesus Christ will meet us at the end of life’s journey.
JOEL NYARANGI AKOYA|As we trust the Lord, we start “emptying” ourselves with things that tie us or entangle us in order to be filled by God’s grace and the fullness of Him who fills everything in every way.
Bob Dylan|One of the big myths about philanthropy is that it's all about donating funds for a cause. I like to look at it quite differently. Philanthropy is about 'giving' - not just in monetary terms but also in non-monetary aspects, like time, ideas, or being a volunteer. Donating money is just a small part of philanthropy.
Sarah Rajkotwala, The Year of Talking to Plants: The Plants and Fairies Talk in Their Own Words|Wherever you go, love goes also. - Sarah Rajkotwala
Craig Ferguson|The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.
William Blake|Matangi's mantra is aim, which is MIA backwards. She fights for freedom of speech and stands for truth, and lives in the ghetto because her dad was the first person in Hindu mythology who came from the 'hood, but had gained enlightenment through not being a Brahmin.
Ivan Doig, English Creek|Mattie was a grown woman in love, and they had to let her go, with their blessing, enduring what could not be helped. And there was no use in thinking of that fluid, glistening instant that always seems, in looking back, to have come between what might have happened and what happened, when one might have made some little choice that would have changed forever the course of things.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Queen of Dreams|The boy thought, How powerful a story is, and how by a kind of magic it compels the imagination; there was nothing in the world, it seemed to him, so mysteriously strong; and he began to wonder if he would ever have anything as beautiful to tell.
Amy Poehler|That's an amazing feeling, to walk onstage, and you're not thinking about anything, you're not thinking about your lines or what you're supposed to do - your body, your brain knows, so there's freedom. There's not fear, there's not nerves.
Krista Ritchie, Fuel the Fire|I exist no more, every moment a new being lives inside me.
Matt Stone|Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile.
Alanea Alder, My Commander|Where did you get your tat?” “Aaron’s shop. You want to get a tat?” he asked, grinning as if this was hilarious. “I have one,” I said, rolling the ball into the gutter. “It’s not finished though.” “How come?” “My brother interrupted the tattoo and I never had the money to get it done again.” “No, I meant how come you’re such a bad bowler? Is it genetic?” he asked. “Like do you come from a long line of people who can’t make a ball roll in a straight line?” “You’re hilarious.” “I try, Pixie Dust.
William Hazlitt|The world loves to be amused by hollow professions, to be deceived by flattering appearances, to live in a state of hallucination; and can forgive everything but the plain, downright, simple, honest truth.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|Where I am at, is not actually where I am at. Where I am at is merely a point on the path to where I am going.
James M. Lang, Cheating Lessons: Learning from Academic Dishonesty|Just as novice musicians must spend many hours practicing basic skills like playing scales or mastering difficult passages--and frequently do so in the presence of their teacher, receiving immediate and individualized feedback--so must our students spend many hours practicing the basic intellectual skills of our discipline.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Priceless virtues are love, peace, joy, kindness, gentleness, goodness, long-suffering, patience faithfulness and self-control.
Theresa May|If you don't love yourself, you can't love anybody else. And I think as women we really forget that.
Michael Graves|I believe well-designed places and objects can actually improve healing, while poor design can inhibit it.
Ilona Andrews, Bayou Moon|A forest," William said, his expression distant. "Where the ground is dry soil and stone. Where tall trees grow and centuries of autumn carpet their roots. Where the wind smells of game and wildflowers.""Why, that was lovely, Lord Bill. Do you ever write poetry? Something for your blueblood lady?""No.""She doesn't like poetry?""Leave it."Hehe. "Oh, so you have a lady. How interes--
Tina Sequeira, SOUL SOJOURN|It is important to dream big. What we imagine, we become..we achieve. Even if we don ́t go the yonder, we will reach way much farther than where we currently stand.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Live your life remembering good experiences, the bad ones were just lessons
Martha A. Ackelsberg, Free Women of Spain: Anarchism and the Struggle for the Emancipation of Women|Freedom, or individual liberty, was a basic premise of the Spanish anarchist tradition. "Individual sovereignty" is a prime tenet of most anarchist writing; the free development of one' s individual potential is one of the basic "rights" to which all humans are born. Yet Spanish anarchists were firmly rooted in the communalist-anarchist tradition. For them, freedom was fundamentally a social product: the fullest expression of individuality and of creativity can be achieved only in and through community. As Carmen Conde (a teacher who was also active in Mujeres Libres) wrote, describing the relationship of individuality and community: "I and my truth; I and my faith ... And I for you, but without ever ceasing to be me, so that you can always be you. Because I don' t exist without your existence, but my existence is also indispensable to yours.
Zayn Malik, Zayn: The Official Autobiography|I think I’m very blessed to have been raised by so many intelligent and impressive women, and now continuing that on a professional level, having people like Sarah and Nadia to guide me through this new phase of my career, is extremely significant.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|I can now recreate life in a way that was hidden from me, before.'A dream of form in days of thought:
Karl Marx|All the evidence that we have indicates that it is reasonable to assume in practically every human being, and certainly in almost every newborn baby, that there is an active will toward health, an impulse towards growth, or towards the actualization.
Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Boyfriend|You know what they say," Amanda said. "Hatred isn't the opposite of love, it's just another variation of it. They both mean you have passionate feelings for someone.
Anna Wintour|My children were taught at an early age how money works and that it comes from hard work. They've been on a commission - not an allowance - since they were little. They learned that if they worked around the house, they got paid. If they didn't work, they didn't get paid.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Though Argaven might be neither sane nor shrewd, he had had long practice in the evasions and challenges and rhetorical subtleties used in conversation by those whose main aim in life was the achievement and maintenance of the shifgrethor relationship on a high level.
Fulton J. Sheen, Philosophy of Science|Being is the soul of every concept, of every judgment and of every reasoning.
Aidan Chambers, Nik: Now I Know|What you believe matters, however. It’s all anyone has to act on. And since what you do is who you are, your actions define you. If you don’t believe anything is true simply because you can’t logically prove what’s true, you won’t do anything. You won’t be anything. You’ll end up spending your life in a rocking chair looking out at the horizon waiting for an answer that never comes. You might as well be dead. It’s an old philosophical problem.
Joyce Rachelle|Oh you cut your hair! What happened? Are you going through a breakup or something?""My favorite character died.
Salina Khan|Drift me away along with the dust traveling to infinity.To another world where it feels more at home.To another world where I don’t feel alone.Trapped in the angst of my soul.Not being embraced as a whole.A state of nothingness creeps upon me.Disappearing in the darkness of the shadows.How it has clocked my life.Because that is the only place where I find peace.I call it nyctophilia.And what am I when the day turns into the night,listening to the nocturnal and the howling wind?My soul leaving my body,To be at rest.Tears strain down my cheeks,Enough for my lungs to fight for air in the peaks.The atmosphere seems to be held in place by a certain silence, waiting for a sign to move.Even the earth forgot its behoove.Taken over by this silence that I yet do not understand myself.It seems that things don’t have a meaning,At least not anymore.The demons and darkness have taken over.Making me believe that it knows better.These demons can’t be seen,But they’re far from imaginary.They live inside my mind.Their evilness prevails,About to end the fight.Then I stop and think:This is a melancholy I’ll fight one more night.
Cherise Sinclair, My Liege of Dark Haven|This is going to hurt, isn’t it?”“Yes it is.””Am I allowed to call you nam
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|I did not intend making a philippic against covetousness, a sin to which I believe no one here is addicted. Let us not, however, plume ourselves in not being guilty of a vice to which, as we have no natural bias so in not committing it, we resist no temptation. What I meant to insist on was, that exchanging a turbulent for a quiet sin, or a scandalous for an orderly one, is not reformation.
Bruce Williamson|Maybe there's a whole other universe where a square moon rises in the sky, and the stars laugh in cold voices, and some of the triangles have four sides, and some have five, and some have five raised to the fifth power of sides. In this universe there might grow roses which sing. Everything leads to everything.
Sunday Adelaja|Your country can be a footstool for God, if he finds people in all spheres of life who will prepare their bodies for the Great King
Bernard Goldberg|It's a great, great experience to finally get the reception that you know you rightfully deserve.
Paul Tournier, The Whole Person in a Broken World|Now, we shall be able to judge the extent of the spiritual undernourishment if we look at all these movements from another angle: not as errors but rather as attempts to find healing. I use this comparison: For a long time medical men combated fever as if it itself constituted the illness. Medicine today inclines rather to respect it, not only as a symptom of the disease but of the struggle of the organism against the disease. True, it is this struggle which makes it ill, and yet this very struggle is also the proof of its vitality and is the necessary way to healing.
Sunday Adelaja|All of these white kids and teachers, who were so suspicious of me when I first arrived, had learned to care about me. Maybe some of them even loved me. And I'd been so suspicious of them. And now I care about a lot of them. And loved a few of them.
Brad Goreski|Sometime in the future, I am a hundred percent certain scientists will sit down at a computer terminal, design what they want the organism to do, and build it.
Almney King, All Light Will Fall|Show yourself to the darkness, they said, and then you will see your face." --Nero SlyvenskiALL LIGHT WILL FALL
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|If you're going to sit on someone's tombstone, you might as well know something about them, right?
Thomas Paine|The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says: It's a girl.
Jeanette Winterson|Reading's not a luxury, art's not a luxury. It's about your soul, and it's about yourself. And if reading is a luxury, being human is a luxury
Lakshya Bharadwaj|If you can't support us when we lose or draw, don't support us when we win
Debasish Mridha|Plan your life, keeping value of time in mind because time is your life and it is very limited.
Evinda Lepins, Back to Single|The difference between black and white is Grace!" EL
Milan Rúfus, And That's the Truth!|So Lightning says to Mud,“What would happen if I struck your blood?”And Mud says, “Brother, It would hurt, And make me the motherOf every living thing.But, Fire Boy, you ain’t lifting my grass skirtUntil you burn me a ring.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|That these people are wandering around, looking for aliens to justify the emptiness inside them and let them feel special without effort, creeps me out.
Wallace Stevens, The Collected Poems|Be the voice of night and Florida in my ear.Use dusky words and dusky images.Darken your speech.Speak, even, as if I did not hear you speaking,But spoke for you perfectly in my thoughts,Conceiving words,As the night conceives the sea-sounds in silence,And out of their droning sibilants makesA serenade.
Harper Lee, "To Kill A Mockingbird" A4 Gcse|Hey, you know that thing Dostoyevesky wrote on gambling? It's like that. When you're surrounded by endless possibilities, one of the hardest things you can do is pass them up.
Christina Perri|Childhood is the most valuable thing that's taken away from you in life, if you think about it.
Adoniram Judson|If a man reaches the heart of his own religion, he has reached the heart of the others, too. There is only one God, and there are many paths to him.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|A wrong mind-set is like bad soil that restricts a plant’s growth. Similarly, limiting beliefs about ‘what we deserve’ hinder our growth. They stop us from being abundant in every area of our life.
Ann J. Polya, Invincible Summer: Aligning Our Powers|A guide to overcome challenges for effective multi-generational communication.With Invincible Summer we get on better, have more respect and better understanding.This is by speeding up our interactions, finding ways to get with other people, and also getting our due recognition and appreciation. And it only takes simple steps
Martha Brockenbrough, The Game of Love and Death|Life is a temporary condition, Henry. And it's uncertain. That's why you have to seize chances when you find them. Pursue what you want. Take risks. Live, love...all of it. Every last one of us is going to die, but if we don't live as we truly want, if we're not with the one we want to be with, we're dead already.
Anthony Bourdain|Sometimes you just find a culture that breaks your heart,” she said finally.
Immanuel Kant|...moral relativism, a position many find attractive only until they are faced with someone who is doing something really, really wrong.
Oliver Sacks, The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat and Other Clinical Tales|This is not the "relativism of truth" presented by journalistic takes on postmodernism. Rather, the ironist's cage is a state of irony by way of powerlessness and inactivity: In a world where terrorism makes cultural relativism harder and harder to defend against its critics, marauding international corporations follow fair-trade practices, increasing right-wing demagoguery and violence can't be answered in kind, and the first black U.S. president turns out to lean right of center, the intelligentsia can see no clear path of action. Irony dominates as a "mockery of the promise and fitness of things," to return to the OED definition of irony.This thinking is appropriate to Wes Anderson, whose central characters are so deeply locked in ironist cages that his films become two-hour documents of them rattling their ironist bars. Without the irony dilemma Roth describes, we would find it hard to explain figures like Max Fischer, Steve Zissou, Royal Tenenbaum, Mr. Fox, and Peter Whitman. I'm not speaking here of specific political beliefs. The characters in question aren't liberals; they may in fact, along with Anderson himself, have no particular political or philosophical interests. But they are certainly involved in a frustrated and digressive kind of irony that suggests a certain political situation. Though intensely self-absorbed and central to their films, Anderson's protagonists are neither heroes nor antiheroes. These characters are not lovable eccentrics. They are not flawed protagonists either, but are driven at least as much by their unsavory characteristics as by any moral sense. They aren't flawed figures who try to do the right thing; they don't necessarily learn from their mistakes; and we aren't asked to like them in spite of their obvious faults. Though they usually aren't interested in making good, they do set themselves some kind of mission--Anderson's films are mostly quest movies in an age that no longer believes in quests, and this gives them both an old-fashioned flavor and an air of disillusionment and futility.
John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God|The greatest joy is joy in God. This is plain from Psalm 16:11: "You [God] will make known to me the path of life; in Your presence is fullness of joy; in Your right hand there are pleasures forever." Fullness of joy and eternal joy cannot be improved. Nothing is fuller than full, and nothing is longer than eternal. And this joy is owing to the presence of God, not the accomplishments of man. Therefore, if God wants to love us infinitely and delight us fully and eternally, he must preserve for us the one thing that will satisfy us totally and eternally; namely, the presence and worth of his own glory. He alone is the source of full and lasting pleasure. Therefore, his commitment to uphold and display his glory is not vain, but virtuous. God is the one being for whom self-exaltation is an infinitely loving act. If he revealed himself to the proud and self-sufficient and not to the humble and dependent, he would belittle the very glory whose worth is the foundation of our joy. Therefore, God's pleasure in hiding this from "the wise and intelligent" and revealing it to "infants" is the pleasure of God in both his glory and our joy.
John Darnielle, Universal Harvester|It's in the nature of the landscape to change, and it's in the nature of people to help the process along...
Sara Sheridan|There is something particularly fascinating about seeing places you know in a piece of art - be that in a film, or a photograph, or a painting.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|When I ask you to be my valentine, I’m not asking you to love me. I’m simply asking you to accept tokens of my love for you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, be willing to make the needed sacrifice. Don’t spend your money on luxuries.
P.G. Wodehouse, Something Fresh|You remind me of an old cat I once had. Whenever he killed a mouse he would bring it into the drawing-room and lay it affectionately at my feet. I would reject the corpse with horror and turn him out, but back he would come with his loathsome gift. I simply couldn’t make him understand that he was not doing me a kindness. He thought highly of his mouse and it was beyond him to realize that I did not want it.You are just the same with your chivalry. It’s very kind of you to keep offering me your dead mouse; but honestly I have no use for it. I won’t take favors just because I happen to be a female.
Adachitoka|I think, ladies and gentlemen, and I particularly address those of you who have a socialist outlook, that we should at least permit this socialist economy to prove its superiority. Let's allow it to show that it is advanced, that it is omnipotent, that it has defeated you, that it has overtaken you. Let us not interfere with it. Let us stop selling to it and giving it loans. If it's all that powerful, then let it stand on its own feet for ten or fifteen years. Then we will see what it looks like. I can tell you what it will look like. I am being quite serious now. When the Soviet economy will no longer be able to deal with everything, it will have to reduce its military preparations. It will have to abandon the useless space effort and it will have to feed and clothe its own people. And the system will be forced to relax. Thus, all I ask of you is that as long as this Soviet economy is so proud, so flourishing, and yours is so rotten and so moribund—stop helping it. When has a cripple ever helped along an athlete?
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Daughters can spend ten percent more than a man can make in any usual occupation. That’s a law of nature, to be known henceforth as ‘Harshaw’s Law.
Terry McMillan, Who Asked You?|I also discovered that you can get used to a man , much like you do a household pet!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person’s greatest limitations are not genetic, but imposed by self-doubt, insecurities, indecision, and timidity.
Alija Izetbegović|To hold that the Qur’ān believes in an absolute determinism of human behavior, denying free choice on man's part, is not only to deny almost the entire content of theQu r’ān, but to undercut its very basis: the Qur’ān by its own claim is an invitation to man to come to the right path (hudan lil-nās).
Tim Challies|Hell is a library," she said, tightening her fresh knot."That really doesn't sound bad, Julia.""That's because I'm not finished. Hell is a library of books containing every word you've ever said, and videotapes of everything you've ever done.""So what. Do you have to watch them?""No, you don't have to. But would you be able to help yourself? It would be unbearable. I couldn't resist, but I would hate myself after." She gave the noose two good, hard tugs. "Plus, even if you could resist the temptation, you'd eventually get so bored that you'd do anything. And the only thing to read is stuff that you've said and the only thing to do is watch yourself.
William Carlos Williams|The business of love is cruelty which,by our wills, we transform to live together.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Red Mars|He pointed to another number, changing as rapidly as the first, but on a lower trajectory; it rose to a high of 8.79 rem per hour. Several lifetimes of dentists’ X-rays, to be sure; but the radiation outside the storm shelter would have been a lethal dose, so they were getting off lightly. Still, the amount flying through the rest of the ship! Billions of particles were penetrating the ship and colliding with the atoms of water and metal they were huddled behind; hundreds of millions were flying between these atoms and then through the atoms of their bodies, touching nothing, as if they were no more than ghosts. Still, thousands were striking atoms of flesh and bone. Most of those collisions were harmless; but in all those thousands, there were in all probability one or two (or three?) in which a chromosome strand was taking a hit, and kinking in the wrong way: and there it was. Tumor initiation, begun with just that typo in the book of the self. And years later, unless the victim's DNA luckily repaired itself, the tumor promotion that was a more or less unavoidable part of living would have its effect, and there would appear a bloom of Something Else inside: cancer. Leukemia, most likely; and, most likely, death.
G.M. Jackson, Debunking Darwin's God: A Case Against BioLogos and Theistic Evolution|Nor should they be, but everyone needs to feel they're part of something worthwhile. That, in the last analysis, their life has some meaning in a larger context. The questions is what am I part of? What have I done?
Sallust|Temporary is all you're going to get with any kind of health care, except the health care I'm telling you about. That's eternal health care, and it's free... I've opted to go with eternal health care instead of blowing money on these insurance schemes.
Mehmet Murat ildan|She felt a tightness in her chest and sent for Dr Simcox.'What's the trouble?''Look out there, that's the trouble! It's so green and quiet and it's always bloody raining.''That's England, Mrs Mallard-Greene. I'm afraid there's no known cure for it.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|What man ain't the honestest cove in his own eyes?" Grote's round face is a bronze moon in the dark. "'Tain't good intentions what paves the road to hell: it's self-justifyin's.
Lord Byron|In the long-run every Government is the exact symbol of its People, with their wisdom and unwisdom; we have to say, Like People like Government.
Dave Pelzer, Help Yourself: Finding Hope, Courage, And Happiness|If it doesn't do you any good, dump it. Take some action, push that lever, flush it away, and don't look back. Take small steps everyday of your life, and start taking control of what you say when you talk to yourself.
Billy Corgan|So here is one of my theories on happiness: we cannot know if we have lived a truly happy life until the very end. This view of life and death was reinforced by my close witnessing of the buildup to the death of Philip Gould. Philip was without doubt my closest friend in politics. When he died, I felt like I had lost a limb.
Romesh Gunesekera|There are still many tribal cultures where poetry and song, there is just one word for them. There are other cultures with literacy where poetry and song are distinguished. But poetry always remembers that it has its origins in music.
Martha Beck|If you don't know your worth, if you don't know your value, if you don't know how fantabulous you are - it's going to be hard for other people to see it. Being appreciative of self is beauty to me.
Marguerite de Valois|He is a man, I think," he said, "who cares for nothing but a joke. He is a dangerous man."Lambert laughed in the act of lifting some macaroni to his mouth."Dangerous!" he said. "You don't know little Quin, sir!""Every man is dangerous," said the old man, without moving, "Who cares only for one thing. I was once dangerous myself.
Nicos Hadjicostis|And yet, for the fully modern being, not being able to tweet or otherwise " share" - feelings, opinions, thoughts, jokes, links to cat videos or pictures of dinner - for even an hour is akin to eternal exile in the desert, and hence in part the rising tide of juror-caused mistrials across the planet.
Brian Greene|Working away from my husband for long periods is good and bad. It stops us taking each other for granted and gives us space, but I miss him terribly.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are thinking of making everyone happy, you are going to be a great prostitute.
Friedrich Nietzsche|When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.
Carly Kade, In The Reins|You promise not to fall for me," she said seriously. "No matter how lovable I am?"	He wanted to smile at that but didn't want her to think he was making fun. She wanted his word, and he could give it easily enough, confident that as adorably sexy as she was, he could refrain from falling for her, since his heart felt dead in his chest. "I promise.
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|When human beings give their heartfelt allegiance to and worship that which is not God, they progressively cease to reflect the image of God. One of the primary laws of human life is that you become like what you worship; what’s more, you reflect what you worship not only to the object itself but also outward to the world around. Those who worship money increasingly define themselves in terms of it and increasingly treat other people as creditors, debtors, partners, or customers rather than as human beings. Those who worship sex define themselves in terms of it (their preferences, their practices, their past histories) and increasingly treat other people as actual or potential sex objects. Those who worship power define themselves in terms of it and treat other people as either collaborators, competitors, or pawns. These and many other forms of idolatry combine in a thousand ways, all of them damaging to the image-bearing quality of the people concerned and of those whose lives they touch.
Narendra Modi|Evil is an attack against human spiritual development and enlightenment. All evil, badness, neurosis - it has one motive and one motive only, which is to destroy - to destroy your chance of arising above yourself.
Lindy Lewis|I don’t want to save the world, I just want to inspire it.
Jess Walter, We Live in Water: Stories|If I have to face the end of human existence, I want to look totally smoking when it happens. Now shut the hell up.
Taylor Ann Bunker, Witch in the Woods|Dear, he do have a problem.
Brodi Ashton, Everneath|If you decide to just go with the flow, you'll end up where the flow goes, which is usually downhill, often leading to a big pile of sludge and a life of unhappiness. You'll end up doing what everyone else is doing.
Kristen McKee, Nursery Rhymes for the Unconditional and Unschooled|There was a little girlWho had a little curlRight in the middle of her forehead.When she was good, she was very, very good.And when she was “bad”,Her Papa loved her anyway.
J. Oswald Sanders, Spiritual Leadership|When you say, ‘Women are untrustworthy bitches. They lie and cheat and will nail anything that moves.’ Do you know what I hear from your lips? Listen now, for I shall tell you. I hear you speak these words: 'I am an untrustworthy bastard. I lie and cheat and nail anything that moves.' André Chevalier
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|But sometimes the memories feel so real, so visceral, so personal, that I confuse them with my own.
Jamey Glasnovic, Lost and Found: Adrift in the Canadian Rockies|The human animal needs something to aspire to, somewhere to go and something to do.
Madisen Kuhn, Eighteen Years|you clutter my mindthoughts of you, thoughts of me with youthoughts that keep me from restthat ull me to sleep at nightyour words are like butterthey're smooth and they're richand they make the bitter bits better
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God gives us a glimpse of what heaven will be like for the believer. It will have the characteristics of a happy home, a holy city, a glorious garden, and a beautiful bride. This staggers the imagination!
Rod Stewart|The fire in the belly is essential, otherwise you become Michael Buble - famous and meaningless.
Helen Fielding, Olivia Joules and the Overactive Imagination|No one is thinking about you. They're thinking about themselves, just like you.
Stella Payton|The night sky stretched on forever above me, the stars flung like glass beads and pearls on a black velvet cloak.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|Fall for me, as an apple falls, as rain falls, because you must. Use gravity to anchor your desire.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|...Away, away, from men and towns, To the wild wood and the downs— To the silent wilderness Where the soul need not repress Its music lest it should not find An echo in another’s mind. While the touch of Nature’s art Harmonizes heart to heart. I leave this notice on my door For each accustomed visitor:— “I am gone into the fields To take what this sweet hour yields;...Awake! arise! And come away! To the wild woods and the plains, And the pools where winter rains Image all their roof of leaves, Where the pine its garland weaves Of sapless green, and ivy dun Round stems that never kiss the sun: Where the lawns and pastures be, And the sandhills of the sea:— Where the melting hoar-frost wets The daisy-star that never sets, And wind-flowers, and violets, Which yet join not scent to hue, Crown the pale year weak and new; When the night is left behind In the deep east, dun and blind, And the blue noon is over us, And the multitudinous Billows murmur at our feet, Where the earth and ocean meet, And all things seem only one In the universal sun.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Cultivate blessing. Bless yourself. Bless the whole world. Let it be full with love, peace, joy and happiness.
Tony Morgan|The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." -
Spencer Hastings|You know what they say about hope, it breeds eternal misery
Pablo Picasso|Why do two colors, put one next to the other, sing? Can one really explain this? no. Just as one can never learn how to paint.
Nick Clegg|As a general rule, when a new industry takes root, and the first products emerge in a wave, almost always the architecture of the product will be proprietary and interdependent in character.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you are courageous, people say you are boastful or “too known”. You either choose to accept what they say to you and you need to accept it with its consequences. The consequence is that you will remain where you are!
Bruce Holbert|...Death," she said, as her hand dropped away, " is how you know you were alive in the first place.
Daniel S. Fletcher, Jackboot Britain|It is their usual reaction; they employ not words and reasoned conversation or discourse to resolve problems, but the truncheon, the jackbooted foot, or the gun. Sophistication requires more competence and skill than mere thuggery. It is a harder, loftier charge to be civilised than to let the beast in man devour man. The enlightened mind knows that all is challengeable, questions all, and thus, learns and grows. The weak, narrow mind makes its beliefs – whatever form they take – sacrosanct, defending them with violence if necessary. Political extremists, much like religious zealots, are the latter. They destroy what they cannot convert. They annihilate those they cannot control or make conform. They have found no peace in life, no love, and so promote war and division, as emotional cripples – inflicting their own pain and misery and malignant stupidity on the world. Their language binds people together, but only by stirring the darkest excesses of the soul; language of hate, and intolerance, fear and conspiracy, and the need for vengeance. In war-scarred Europe, these cripples direct mass-psychology, and would make the world in their own likeness; mutilated by violence and tribalism and hate.They use language in its most evil, twisted form. They appeal to the lowest form of understanding, on a level I hesitate to allow for the term ‘human intelligence’ to be associated.Children, fertile minds ripe for molestation. Now they will be taught what to think, not how to think. Language, that twisted poison. It scars purity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You must never forget these three things when you have comfort: enjoy it, but with care; let it be truly relevant to lives as a true service to God; and leave noble and lasting footprints with it that will inspire, bring relief and serve as a lasting epitome of goodness to your next generation!
Oprah Winfrey|Mr. Right is coming, but he's in Africa and he's walking.
A.J. Beirens, Gesels van een imaginaire god|Capitalists too, as the novelist Charles Dickens noted, liked to think of their workers as 'hands' only, preferring to forget they had stomachs and brains. But, said the more perceptive nineteenth-century critics, if this is how people live their lives at work, then how on earth can they think differently when they come home at night? How might it be possible to build a sense of moral community or of social solidarity, of collective and meaningful ways of belonging and living that are untainted by the brutality, ignorance and stupidity that envelops labourers at work? How, above all, are workers supposed to develop any sense of their mastery over their own fates and fortunes when they depend so deeply upon a multitude of distant, unknown and in many respects unknowable people who put breakfast on their table every day?
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|I shouldn't have survived - it was my destiny to die - even Dumbledore thought so - and yet i lived. I beat Voldemort. All these people - all these people - my parents, Fred, the Fallen Fifty - and it's me that gets to live? how is that? All this damage - and it's my fault.
Richard M. Nixon|If you want to make beautiful music, you must play the black and the white notes together.
Rick Yancey, The Isle of Blood|Poets never die, I thought. They just fail in the end.
Cassandra Clare, The Lost Herondale|The Herondales are a rather infamous line, as you probably know. Many of them heroes, some of them traitors, so many of them brash, wild creatures consumed by their passions, whether it be love or hate.
Svante Arrhenius|A star is drawing on some vast reservoir of energy by means unknown to us. This reservoir can scarcely be other than the subatomic energy which, it is known exists abundantly in all matter; we sometimes dream that man will one day learn how to release it and use it for his service. The store is well nigh inexhaustible, if only it could be tapped. There is sufficient in the Sun to maintain its output of heat for 15 billion years.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl| Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose.
Kahlil Gibran|We should certainly count our blessings, but we should also make our blessings count.
Christopher Hitchens|Ever since I discovered that my god given male member was going to give me no peace, I decided to give it no rest in return.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|Richard seemed to like our morning conversations about Brecht and Althusser and Andre Gorz, but later on he turned the group against me for being too cerebral and acting like a boy. And weren't all these passionate interests and convictions just evasions of a greater truth, my cunt? I was an innocent, a de-gendered freak, 'cause unlike Liza Martin, who was such a babe she refused to take her platforms off for Kundalini Yoga, I hadn't learned the trick of throwing sex into the mix.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|Insane people -- psychologically defined, not legally define -- are not in touch with reality.
Saniya|Dreams come true for sure...thats it, no other facts or philosophy...they may take a life time of yrs or somebody else but they are there in your heart or in your mind to change into reality.
Abdullah of Saudi Arabia|No matter how powerful, countries cannot rule the whole world. The world is ruled by brains, by justice, by morals and by fairness.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, Fall on Your Knees|I will bestir myself,' was her resolution, 'and try to be wise if I cannot be good.
Charlton Heston|There's a whole set of values, spawned by the vocal and highly visible Republicans, that appeal to the worst in people. Our society is moving in that direction.
Joshua Michael Stern|Learning can take place in the backyard if there is a human being there who cares about the child. Before learning computers, children should learn to read first. They should sit around the dinner table and hear what their parents have to say and think.
Benjamin Disraeli|I want to be clear here: It does not matter what you say in your will or trust; the beneficiary document attached to your IRA accounts and your life insurance policy overrides what you say elsewhere. If you want to change the beneficiary, you must change the beneficiary document.
Zakiyya Rosebelle|Be generous with praise and kind words of encouragement. Say “thank you” when someone helps you. Make colleagues feel welcome when they call or stop to talk with you. If you let others know that they are appreciated, they’ll want to give you their best.
Che Guevara|To realize the American dream, the most important thing to understand is that it belongs to everybody. It's a human dream. If you understand this and work very hard, it is possible.
Anne Brontë|Well, Mr Markham, you that maintain that a boy should not be shielded from evil, but sent out to battle against it, alone and unassisted - not taught to avoid the snares of life, but boldly to rush into them, or over them, as he may - to seek danger rather than shun it, and feed his virtue by temptation - would you-''I beg your pardon, Mrs Graham - but you get on too fast. I have not yet said that a boy should be taught to rush into the snares of life - or even wilfully to seek temptation for the sake of exercising his virtue by overcoming it - I only say that it is better to arm and strengthen your hero, than to disarm and enfeeble the foe; and if you were to rear an oak sapling in a hot-house, tending it carefully night and day, and shielding it from every breath of wind, you could not expect it to become a hardy tree, like that which has grown up on the mountain-side, exposed to all the action of the elements, and not even sheltered form the shock of the tempest.''Granted; but would you use the same arguments with regard to a girl?''Certainly not.''No; you would have her to be tenderly and delicately nurtured, like a hot-house plant - taught to cling to others for direction and support, and guarded, as much as possible, from the very knowledge of evil. But will you be so good as to inform me why you make this distinction? Is it that you think she has no virtue?''Assuredly not.''Well, but you affirm that virtue is only elicited by temptation; and you think that a woman cannot be too little exposed to temptation, or too little acquainted with vice, or anything connected therewith. It must be, either, that you think she is essentially so vicious, or so feeble-minded that she cannot withstand temptation - and though she may be pure and innocent as long as she is kept in ignorance and restraint, yet, being destitute of real virtue, to teach her how to sin, is at once to make her a sinner, and the greater her knowledge, the wider her liberty, the deeper will be her depravity - whereas, in the nobler sex, there is a natural tendency to goodness, guarded by a superior fortitude, which, the more it is exercised by trials and dangers, it is only further developed-''Heaven forbid that I should think so!' I interrupted her at last.'Well then, it must be that you think they are both weak and prone to err, and the slightest error, the nearest shadow of pollution, will ruin the one, while the character of the other will be strengthened and embellished - his education properly finished by a little practical acquaintance with forbidden things. Such experience, to him (to use a trite simile), will be like the storm to the oak, which, though it may scatter the leaves, and snap the smaller branches, serves but to rivet the roots, and to harden and condense the fibres of the tree. You would have us encourage our sons to prove all things by their own experience, while our daughters must not even profit by the experience of others.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Queen of the South|Like a Falcon, she needed the dark to understand who her master was. She would learn to trust him, to rely upon him, to anticipate what he wanted from her. And like any master with his salt, he would reward her for her obedience. He would be exceedingly firm, but he would also be as fair as he could be. He had notchosen the instrument of his revenge at random. He had chosen a beautiful submissive. And what was a submissive if not adaptable -if not a survivor?
Buchi Emecheta, Second Class Citizen|Man, sometimes you are clueless. You don’t even see what’s happening.” He perched himself on the arm of the couch so he could look down at Turk. “It’s not just about freaks. I mean, you’re the guy who thinks of ideas and all, but you’re missing it. You don’t even notice that the whole council is either black or Mexican. See, that’s what’s happening: it’s all these minorities hooked up with freaks.”The wheels in Turk’s mind began to turn slowly. But they were picking up speed. “Jamal’s with us and he’s black.”“So? We use Jamal. He gets us into Albert’s. You do what you gotta do. All I’m saying is, you and me, we’re normal people. We’re not black or queer or Mexican. And we’re the ones digging toilets. How come?”Turk knew the answer: because they had failed in their attempt to take over. But he’d never thought about this new angle.“Astrid’s a normal white person,” Turk argued halfheartedly. “So’s Sam.”“Sam’s a freak, and I think he might even be a Jew,” Lance said. His eyes were glittering. He was showing his teeth, grinning as he talked. It wasn’t a good look for him. “And Astrid? She’s not even on the council anymore.
Ursula K. Le Guin|What is fantasy? On one level, of course, it is a game: a pure pretense with no ulterior motive whatever. It is one child saying to another child, “Let’s be dragons,” and then they’re dragons for an hour or two. It is escapism of the most admirable kind—the game played for the game’s sake. On another level, it is still a game, but a game played for very high stakes. Seen thus, as art, not spontaneous play, its affinity is not with daydream, but with dream. It is a different approach to reality, an alternative technique for apprehending and coping with existence. It is not antirational but pararational; not realistic, but surrealistic, superrealistic, a heightening of reality. In Freud’s terminology, it employs primary, not secondary process thinking. It employs archetypes, which, Jung warned us, are dangerous things. Dragons are more dangerous, and a good deal commoner, than bears. Fantasy is nearer to poetry, to mysticism, and to insanity than naturalistic fiction is. It is a real wilderness, and those who go there should not feel too safe. And their guides, the writers of fantasy, should take their responsibilities seriously.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|The spirit of the wild must pass to all of you now. You must tell each one you meet: if you would find Pan, take up Pan's spirit. Remake the wild, a little at a time, each in your own corner of the world. You cannot wait for anyone else, even a god, to do that for you.
Terry McAuliffe|Young people in the business have grown up and made the wrong decisions, or bad decisions, and haven't been good role models. To be someone that people look up to is important to me.
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|Of course you did." I took a step closer. "You have strengths, Tavish, that I greatly admire. You're skills helped saved Rafe's and my lives, for which I'll always be indebted to you. But there are other kinds of strength too. Quiet, gentle ones that are just as valuable, even if you don't entirely understand them.
Russell Kyle|Blame is such a self-defeating choice. It renders one helpless, putting any solution well out of reach, for we rarely can change others. Consider this, a solution well within your reach, someone you can surely change: Yourself.
Ted Cruz|Well, in order to become a grown man, in order to become significant in my family and significant in my children's life, I had to learn my lessons.
Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride|Maybe this is what growing old was like, she thought. Maybe the world gets smaller and smaller until there's nothing but the walls around you to show you where you end and the rest of the world begins.
Eric Jay Dolin, Leviathan: The History of Whaling in America|American whale oil lit the world. It was used in the production of soap, textiles, leather, paints, and varnishes, and it lubricated the tools and machines that drove the Industrial Revolution. The baleen cut from the mouths of whales shaped the course of feminine fashion by putting the hoop in hooped skirts and giving form to stomachtighteningand chest-crushing corsets. Spermaceti, the waxy substance from the heads of sperm whales, produced the brightest- and cleanest-burning candles the world has ever known, while ambergris, a byproduct of irritation in a sperm whale’s bowel, gave perfumes great staying power and was worth its weight in gold.
Salvador Plascencia, The People of Paper|I don’t know what they are called, the spaces between seconds– but I think of you always in those intervals.
Israelmore Ayivor, Let's Go to the Next Level|If you fail, you will be sad. But if you quit, you will be mad. Don't give up on your dreams. Get up. You can do it!
Emily Blunt|I think that marriage is, dare I say it, between a man and a woman, hopefully for life and there are all sorts of other relationships which should be acknowledged and recognised, but I don't know that they can be recognised as marriage.
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|Here's what I think. We all want someone to build a fort with. We want somebody to swap crayons with and play hide-and-seek with and live out imaginary stories with. We start out getting that from our family. Then we get it from our friends. And then, for whatever reasons, we get it in our heads that we need to get that feeling- that intimacy- from a single someone else. We call if growing up. But really, when you take sex out of it, what we want is a companion. And we make that so damn hard to find.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Change is a difficult process. It can truly take place in an environment of support, structure, and sacrifice. Support comes from asking for help, seeking professional coaching, and surrounding yourself with the right people. Structure requires accountability, a follow-up system, and action. Sacrifice requires paying the price and getting out of your comfort zone but staying in your strength zone.
Jim Al-Khalili|If you can begin to believe in your own beauty, you can then begin to believe in the beauty of others.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|What about those Promises of yours to never leave me? she asked, stammering too much this time. His cruel smirk was as gut-wrenching as his words— Promises are meant to be broken, sweetheart.
George Friedman, The Next 100 Years: A Forecast for the 21st Century|Anger does not come easy to me. It is something I have to encourage, like a greyhound in second place.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|It is important for me to focus on positive actions taken to heal instead of beating myself up over what I did wrong each day. It shifts my perspective, thus making my body and mind more hospitable places for healing and positive energy.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|You will not be alone, I say to them, spinning to see their faces. You don't need to be afraid anymore. We want to take back our world. We want to save the lives of our family members, our friends. We want your children to have a chance at a better future. And we want to fight. We want to win. I lock eyes with them. And we are asking for your help.
Scott Lynch|I’m not beholden to the confirmation of your prejudices; to be perfectly frank, the prospect of confining the female characters in my story to placid, helpless secondary places in the narrative is so goddamn boring that I would rather not write at all.
|Don't be afraid or too arrogant to surround yourself with people who are doing much better than you, because they could definitely push and stretch you to discover your hidden abilities in life.
Nina Leavins|Eating is more than a fix, it's nature's way to nourish cells -- it's a way to extend life. Don't give a natural body unnatural food.
Joshua Cohen|Technology will need to make many more huge leaps before one can ever view films with the level of picture and sound quality many film lovers demand without having to slide a disc into a player, especially with the technical requirements of today's 3D movies.
Jim Gerlach|Today we see a human population of over 6 billion people, many of whom have serious medical conditions, which either can't be treated or cannot be treated economically.
Kyle Chandler|It's a very difficult thing losing a parent, but I think there's an added complication for me, because he was so well-loved and he had this very open charm that made people feel they had a personal relationship with him.
Tarun Sharma|Fail early, fail often.
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|It's important to know what you think, my dear, or else you will be so hemmed in by other people's ideas and opinions, you won't have room for your own.
Susan Polis Schutz|Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair...
J. Fally, Bone Rider|Time heals the wounds of the past, Apology, forgiveness, and acceptancedoes lighten the scars.
Emmi Itäranta, Memory of Water|The contact between beings is established only by mute presence, by apparent non-communication, by that mysterious and wordless exchange which resembles inward prayer.
Joshua Teya|Life as a Person is Unfair, Life as an Actor is Bullshit
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|But where have [the Men] proved that we are not as capable of guarding ourselves from dangers, as they are of guarding us; had we the same power and advantages allowed us, which they have? (...) Are we safer under their conduct than our own? (...) There is scarce an instance in a million among Women, of one Woman of a middling capacity, who does not, or would not, govern herself better than most Men in parallel circumstances, if the circumvention, treachery, and baseness of that sex did not interfere. (...) Most Women are ruin'd, instead of being improv'd in heart or mind under the conduct of the Men. And therefore, since we are at most in no greater safety under their government than our own, there can be no solid reason assign'd why we shou'd be subject to it.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Sudah gue bilang: punk is only hibernating, not dead!
L.E. Modesitt Jr.|In politics, looking at the big picture is the most convenient way to avoid getting bogged down in annoying little details, like the facts. That's why politicians always talk in generalities, such as "balancing the budget" or "obtaining justice under law" or "maintaining meaningful employment," when they really mean "massive spending cuts in programs advocated by my opens," or "creating a religious loophole for my largest contributor," or "keeping open a redundant and wasteful government facility in my district.
Jules Verne|It takes courage, of course, to step out of the fray, as it takes courage to do anything that's necessary, whether tending to a loved one on her deathbed or turning away from that sugarcoated doughnut.
Sue Fitzmaurice|What made her most beautiful, was the way she quietly touched those around her unknowingly changing the lives of the many, she smiled at. She didn't want praise; approval or admiration, she just wanted all of whom she loved to be the most authentic side of themselves & openly living to the means of their hearts & truth.
Melissa Cutler, Undefeated|The nations, of course, that are most at risk of a destructive digital attack are the ones with the greatest connectivity. Marcus Ranum, one of the early innovators of the computer firewall, called Stuxnet 'a stone thrown by people who live in a glass house'.
Marjorie Holmes|What feeling is so nice as a child's hand in yours? So small, so soft and warm, like a kitten huddling in the shelter of your clasp.
Chris Galford, At Faith's End|I would sooner have the approval of my own conscience and know that I had done my duty than to have the praise of all the world and not have the approval of my own conscience. A man's own conscience, when he is living as he should live, is the finest monitor and the best judge in all the world. Men can accuse you of wrong-doing, and it has no effect at all if you know they lie and you have done that which is right
Edward de Bono|To love someone is to isolate him from the world, wipe out every trace of him, dispossess him of his shadow, drag him into a murderous future. It is to circle around the other like a dead star and absorb him into a black light.
Da Xia, 長歌行 3 [Chang Ge Xing 3]|I have forsaken her for a place I will never belong, but will always remain under her spell, forever to be, a child of my motherland.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|We have a solemn pact.' Kaye nodded to Mother and looked over at Em talking to some neighbors. 'If one of us is unconscious in the hospital, the others will make sure it's pulled.''The plug?' Ruth asked.'The chin hair,' said Kaye, eyeing Ruth with some alarm. 'You're off the visitors list. Mother, make a note.
Derek Parfit, On What Matters: Volume Three|What is good is also divine. Queer as it sounds, that sums up my ethics. Only something supernatural can express the Supernatural.
Sivaprakash Sidhu Sivaprakash G Sivaprakash Gopal, sivaprakash sidhu, sivaprakash, sivaprakash, sidh|It is difficult for me to commit to an manuscript. Once, I get finished writing it. I get this feeling of adrenaline, and satisfaction. This is when the amusement begins, for the writer's side of me.
Dada Bhagwan|When one conducts himself in the wrong direction, he goes downward and his conduct in the right direction will take him upward!
Joel Fuhrman|I'm on a mission. And I know the older I get, I may lose a step or two, but it's all up in the medulla oblongata. I've got a lot up there. I've got a lot of knowledge... in this medulla oblongata.
Azar Nafisi, The Republic of Imagination: America in Three Books|The crisis besetting America is not just an economic or political crisis; something deeper is wreaking havoc across the land, a mercenary and utilitarian attitude that demonstrates little empathy for people's actual well-being, that dismisses imagination and thought, branding passion for knowledge as irrelevant.
Bill Vaughan|I don't think I would do a straight late-night talk show, like a 'Tonight Show' kind of thing. But I'm open to whatever is done well. I don't have any agenda. I'm not like Fugazi - I'm not trying to be just so punk rock until I die. Whatever is funny is good.
William Jennings Bryan|If true Christianity consists in carrying out in our daily lives the teachings of Christ, who will say that we are commanded to civilize with dynamite and proselyte with the sword? ... Imperialism finds no warrant in the Bible. The command 'Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature' has no Gatling gun attachment.
Mark F. LaMoure|You tend to become like that, what you want most. It is up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work hard. Dedicate yourself to full success.
Olga Núñez Miret, Cannon Fodder|As social phenomena, languages are tied up in world of unequal power relations, gaining or losing status not based on technical linguistic grounds but on social judgement, biases, and stereotypes that are based on the status of their speakers. As such, we argue that white America's love-hate relationship with black modes of communication can only be interpreted within a framework that considers language a primary site of cultural contestation. It should be clear by now that it's about more than a mothafucka, right? Our analysis of Black Language forms that the dominant culture considers inflammatory, controversial, or stigmatized allows us to make several observations. First, building off what anthropologist and linguist Arthur Spears noted in his discussion of uncensored speech, Black verbal culture, like all cultures is "a complex network of predispositions, values, behaviors, expectations and routines." Language practices, in their varying sociocultural contexts, can only be understood if read within the full range of the community's speech activities, and that requires rigorous ethnographic search and analysis. Second the community's beliefs and ideas about language- it's language ideologies- should be the primary point of departure for investigation and interpretation.
Joel Schumacher|Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory.
Krista Alasti, Taming Shadows|You’re starting to look like you did before, and that’s not good because what you looked like was complete shit, so get up and go to bed so I can stop acting like your mother. I can already feel my balls starting to recede. And hey, does it look like I’m growing breasts? - Kye
Henry Rollins|Every person remembers some moment in their life where they witnessed some injustice, big or small, and looked away because the consequences of intervening seemed too intimidating. But there's a limit to the amount of incivility and inequality and inhumanity that each individual can tolerate. I crossed that line. And I'm no longer alone.
Andrew Chaikin, A Man on the Moon|It's almost as if Kennedy grabbed a decade out of the 21st century," Cernan said, "and spliced it into the 1960s." That helps to explain why, as I wrote in 1993 in the preface of this book, we weren't entirely ready for Apollo, and why we have struggled to absorb its impact ever since it happened. How could the most futuristic thing humans have ever done be so far in the past?
Phillip Gary Smith, HARMONIZING: Keys to Living in the Song of Life|Necessity may be the mother of invention, but ingenuity is the bombshell of success
Criss Jami, Healology|Man's delight in the Lord is the absolute peak of human triumph. He praises God when full of joy, and when not, he praises God to become full of joy. For to know and to live as though God is worthy of all praise, in all one's circumstances, whether seemingly good or seemingly bad, is the primary definition of joy and the richest triumph for man under God.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a man does not treat you like a princess during courtship, he will not treat you like a queen during marriage.
Steven Erikson, Deadhouse Gates|People of civilized countenance made much of exposing the soft underbellies of their psyche - effete and sensitive were the brands of finer breeding. It was easy for them, safe, and that was the whole point, after all: a statement of coddled opulence that burned the throats of the poor more than any ostentatious show of wealth.
Suzy Kassem|NO TRUTH, NO LIGHTNo truth, no equality. No equality, no justice. No justice, no peace. No peace, no love. No love, only darkness.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|We will go no place where we cannot take our Master with us. While others take their liberty to sin, We will not renounce our liberty to rebuke and confront them.
Stephanie Witter, 2B or Not 2B?|He nibbled on my lower lip again and pulled away, his breathing loud and labored. I opened my eyes and met two blue orbs so dark with desire that it almost made me lose all train of thought and strip naked. His lips were red and a little swollen from our kiss. And I'd be damned if I didn't want to nibble on his lower lip, too.
Sanjo Jendayi, I Now Pronounce You Single & Happy|Every rule, every chart, every geeky statistic in a game book or module feeds into this impulse. All those details allow us to take apart existence, look at the individual parts, figure out how they work, and put them back together. Some people relieve stress by getting drunk or high and losing control; nerds find comfort by taking control and applying structure. Logic is like a warm blanket.
Lionel Suggs|Religious people were big on saying "the tongue is a mighty weapon, so use it wisely," and then forsaking this claim when the music director slept with the minister's wife or when the youth minister did what he did.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|They happen only when you are distant,aloof. They happen, they cannot be brought. They happen you cannot force them to happen. They are spontaneous happenings.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|It's ever so fun and fulfilling to be clever, but more lasting and effective to be consistent.
Karen Salmansohn|Be a kind person. Yes, even to jerks. Let them be a jerk. You be a kind person.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|I do not read for I have renounced life, I read because one life is just not enough for me.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|I regret..." Tobias tilts his head, and sighs. "I regret my choice.""What Choice?", and... I felt like maybe I could make something more of my decision."
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|You cannot step a foot into the literature about the 1960s without being told how 'creative', 'idealistic', and 'loving' it was, especially in comparison to the 1950s. I fact, the counterculture of the Sixties represented the triumph of what the art critic Harold Rosenberg famously called the 'herd of the independent minds'. Its so-called creativity consisted in continually recirculating a small number of radical cliches; its idealism was little more than irresponsible utopianism; and its crusading for 'love' was largely a blind for hedonistic self-indulgence.
Vera Wang|The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference.
Toni Sorenson|Unzip your life right now, air out the putrid and bleach the infection, then invite your childhood dreams back, beckon the best of you and breathe deeper than you have in a very long time. Believe in the holdings of your heart. You can become anyone and anything your heart desires once you clear the clutter and stuff yourself with positive power and intentions.
Abria Mattina, Wake|I solved world hunger.” “Yeah, right.” “Oh, ye of little faith.” “You realize that solving world hunger would mean you’d be doing something good for a change?” “Ah, but there’s the kicker: I destroyed my solutions.” He finally looks away from the window and gives me this cocky smirk. “Malevolence 101, Kirk.
Emma Stone|I would go through phases of wanting to be a mermaid or a vet, but because I grew up around people who were always making movies, I guess it sort of just moulded my mind.
Documentary Recordings|Every great man, every successful man, no matter what the field of endeavor, has known the magic that lies in these words: every adversity has the seed of an equivalent or greater benefit.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The way it feels to me,' he said, 'is that there were certain ideas that I was put on this earth to think. And now I can think them.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|Stop thinking you can't do something. All those thoughts you have going on in your head are made up lies. What are you afraid of? Success? Failure? No such thing as failure. You don't fail at anything. You experience, learn and grow.
caterina jester|So magic is real,’ I said. ‘Which makes you a … what?’‘A wizard.’‘Like Harry Potter?’Nightingale sighed. ‘No,’ he said, ‘not like Harry Potter.’‘In what way?’‘I’m not a fictional character,’ said Nightingale.
L. Todd Rose|If someone stops where they should not, they’ll stop anywhere. If someone slights a person they should treat generously, they’ll slight anyone. And if someone races ahead, they retreat in a hurry.
John Biccard|At the end of the day, if pride is your greatest strength, turn it into vanity.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|The actor, writer, and director Woody Allen once said, “80% of success is just showing up!” You Can Show Up By . . . •	Participating.•	Sharing ideas.•	Being dependable.•	Keeping your word.•	Taking the initiative. •	Volunteering to be of assistance.•	Being there when a friend needs you.•	Raising your hand and asking questions.•	Attending your children’s sporting events.•	Taking your place and claiming your space.•	Demonstrating that you have something to offer.
Jennifer Priester, Mortal Realm Witch: The Magic Continues|I did exactly as Sampson said and I conjured up a creature with rabbit ears,a wolf face, a snake body, frog feet, a pig tail, and spikes running from the top of its head to the end of its tail.“Now,” Sampson said. “This is thekind of magic that you shouldn’t do.
Tim Challies, Do More Better: A Practical Guide to Productivity|No amount of organization and time management will compensate for a lack of Christian character, not when it comes to this great calling of glory through good—bringing glory to God by doing good to others.
Epicurus|Why should I fear death?If I am, then death is not.If Death is, then I am not.Why should I fear that which can only exist when I do not?Long time men lay oppressed with slavish fear.Religious tyranny did domineer.At length the mighty one of GreeceBegan to assent the liberty of man.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|You don’t have to be a believer in a lot of superstition and nonsense - there’s a difference between thinking to oneself and thinking as a form of conversation, even if there are no answers.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Did it never strike your mind that what every woman says, some women may feel?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THREE BASIC TRUTHSThree things have a limited threshold: Time, pain, and death.While truth, love, and knowledge –Are boundless.Three things are needed For humanity to co-exist:Truth, peace and basic needs.Everything else -Is irrelevant.
Mariama Bâ, So Long a Letter|Friendship has splendors that love knows not. It grows stronger when crossed, whereas obstacles kill love. Friendship resists time, which wearies and severs couples. It has heights unknown to love.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I mentally bless and exonerate anyone who has kicked a chair out from beneath her or swallowed opium in large chunks. My mind has met their environment, here in the void. I understand perfectly.
Robert Louis Stevenson, A Lodging for the Night|A teacher asked me once, what I wanted to be when I grew up. I told her a clown and she asked me if I was joking
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Whilst people have answered questions, I have only heard my own voice thinking of the next question.
Thomas Paine|Character, in the long run, is the decisive factor in the life of an individual and of nations alike.
John Schneider|Well I think if you really go out with someone for quite a long time you do get to know each other very, very well, you go through the good times, you go through the bad times. You know both personally, but also within a relationship as well.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|Byproduct of the circulation of commodities, human circulation considered as a form of consumption, tourism comes down fundamentally to the freedom to go and see what has become banal. The economic planning of the frequenting of different places is already in itself the guarantee of their equivalence. The same modernization that has withdrawn the element of time from journeying, has also withdrawn the reality of space.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|Mom always said I was born to sit in the electric chair, but I'm proving her wrong. I'm going to die on my knees, begging for my life.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|There are things which a man is afraid to tell even to himself, and every decent man has a number of such things stored away in his mind.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Men live their lives trapped in an eternal present, between the mists of memory and the sea of shadow that is all we know of the days to come.
Christopher Hitchens, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|Before stopping terrorism, find the real terrorist!!!
Karen Marie Moning, Faefever|He calls me his Queen of the Night. He shows me the wonders in this incredible city. He encourages me to find my own way, and to choose what I think is right or wrong.And the sex, God, the sex! I never knew what sex was until him! It’s not soft music and candlelight, a choice, a deliberate action.It’s as involuntary as breathing, and as impossible not to do. It’s slammed up against a wall in a dark alley, or flat on my back on cold concrete because I can’t stand one more second without him. It’s on my hands and knees, dry-mouthed, heart-in-my-throat, waiting for the moment he touches me, and I’m alive again. It’s punishing and purifying, velvet and violent, and it makes everything else melt away, until nothing matters but getting him inside me and I wouldn’t just die for him—I’d kill for him, too.Like I did tonight.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|They say that in the second before our death, each of us understands the real reason for our existence, and out of that moment, heaven or hell is born.
Unarine Ramaru|If you got a dream, you are good to go. The only extra luggage you will need is self-belief and perseverance.
Isabel Allende|Just as when we come into the world, when we die we are afraid of the unknown. But the fear is something from within us that has nothing to do with reality. Dying is like being born: just a change.
Chris Adrian, The Children's Hospital|What is it?" she asked. "I'm looking for your wings. You are my guardian angel, aren't you?" "I'm afraid not," she replied, her cheeks dimplingwith a wry smile. "There's too much of the devil in me for that." "Just how much devil," I grinned, "are we talking about here?
Kiersten White, And I Darken|I am yours,” she whispered. The words cut like knives, barely out of her mouth before he stole them, sealing them with his own lips.
Ron Hall|If all the Christians- I mean all of 'em- got outta the pews on Sundays and into the streets, we'd shut the city down.We'd shut down hunger.We'd shut down loneliness.We'd shut down the notion that there is any such of a thing as a person that don't deserve a kind word and a second chance.
Michelle Obama, Michelle Obama: In Her Own Words|her eyes are unfathomable to me, hostile, even, as if she had removed herself to a place where I cannot reach her - somewhere I cannot know.
Dinakar Reddy|Sometimes, It's awesome to be childish with your partner .Otherwise you are missing out.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|People will know you for who you are, but will remember you for what you have done. True leaders make long lasting impacts!
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|The sky's inclemency stirs up the angry winds;the watery clouds are soaking with ceaseless rain.The turbulent Vltava, swollen with rainy waves,Bursting, impetuous, breaks through its river banks.
Margot  Page, Paradise Imperfect: An American Family Moves to the Costa Rican Mountains|My need to parent is so much bigger, sometimes, than my children’s need for parenting.
Donald J. Cram, From Design to Discovery|Any chemist reading this book can see, in some detail, how I have spent most of my mature life. They can become familiar with the quality of my mind and imagination. They can make judgements about my research abilities. They can tell how well I have documented my claims of experimental results. Any scientist can redo my experiments to see if they still work—and this has happened! I know of no other field in which contributions to world culture are so clearly on exhibit, so cumulative, and so subject to verification.
The Summer Set|Yeah,You rocked my world foreverI know you still rememberHow we felt beforeYeah,We should be together'Cause nothing could be betterThan the way we wereBaby, let's go back to the way we wereLet's turn back the clockThis time we'll take it slowYou can stay the night,This time I won't let goAnd when the morning comes,We can start all over, over againWhy did we say goodbye?Let's go back tonight
Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon|When writing a novel a writer should create living people; people not characters. A character is a caricature. If a writer can make people live there may be no great characters in his book, but it is possible that his book will remain as a whole; as an entity; as a novel. If the people the writer is making talk of old masters; of music; of modern painting; of letters; or of science then they should talk of those subjects in the novel. If they do not talk of these subjects and the writer makes them talk of them he is a faker, and if he talks about them himself to show how much he knows then he is showing off. No matter how good a phrase or a simile he may have if he puts it in where it is not absolutely necessary and irreplaceable he is spoiling his work for egotism. Prose is architecture, not interior decoration, and the Baroque is over. For a writer to put his own intellectual musings, which he might sell for a low price as essays, into the mouths of artificially constructed characters which are more remunerative when issued as people in a novel is good economics, perhaps, but does not make literature. People in a novel, not skillfully constructed characters, must be projected from the writer’s assimilated experience, from his knowledge, from his head, from his heart and from all there is of him. If he ever has luck as well as seriousness and gets them out entire they will have more than one dimension and they will last a long time. A good writer should know as near everything as possible. Naturally he will not. A great enough writer seems to be born with knowledge. But he really is not; he has only been born with the ability to learn in a quicker ratio to the passage of time than other men and without conscious application, and with an intelligence to accept or reject what is already presented as knowledge. There are some things which cannot be learned quickly and time, which is all we have, must be paid heavily for their acquiring. They are the very simplest things and because it takes a man’s life to know them the little new that each man gets from life is very costly and the only heritage he has to leave. Every novel which is truly written contributes to the total of knowledge which is there at the disposal of the next writer who comes, but the next writer must pay, always, a certain nominal percentage in experience to be able to understand and assimilate what is available as his birthright and what he must, in turn, take his departure from. If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Did you not enjoy the fragrant flowers on the trails edge,The cool, crisp drink from the glistening pools at sunset,The song birds that filled the time as you experienced all that I Am, and all that I Am not?Did the dewy raindrops glisten on the gardens giving you a different memory of familiar landscapes?Did the rainbow fill your skies and force a pause of wonder in the midst of your journey?
bell hooks, Wounds of Passion: A Writing Life|You make me thirsty, Promethea, my river, you make me eternally thirsty, my water. As if I had spent my life in an old house of dried mud, so dry myself that I could not even thirst, until yesterday. And suddenly yesterday, the dusty floor of my old house burst open and while I was still dozing away my parched existence, drop by drop I heard the music of coolness awaken the thirst under my dry soul. And leaning over the dark shaft of my life, I saw my childhood springs unearthed. Is that always how (by accident) we rediscover Magdalenian riches?
Ariana Grande|The proud depend upon the world to tell them whether they have value or not. Their self-esteem is determined by where they are judged to be on the ladders of worldly success. They feel worthwhile as individuals if the numbers beneath them in achievement, talent, beauty, or intellect are large enough.
L. Ron Hubbard|HOW TO DRIVE A WRITER CRAZY“1. When he starts to outline a story, immediately give him several stories just like it to read and tell him three other plots. This makes his own story and his feeling for it vanish in a cloud of disrelated facts."2. When he outlines a character, read excerpts from stories about such characters, saying that this will clarify the writer's ideas. As this causes him to lose touch with the identity he felt in his character by robbing him of individuality, he is certain to back away from ever touching such a character."3. Whenever the writer proposes a story, always mention that his rate, being higher than other rates of writers in the book, puts up a bar to his stories."4. When a rumor has stated that a writer is a fast producer, invariably confront him with the fact with great disapproval, as it is, of course, unnatural for one human being to think faster than another."5. Always correlate production and rate, saying that it is necessary for the writer to do better stories than the average for him to get any consideration whatever."6. It is a good thing to mention any error in a story bought, especially when that error is to be editorially corrected, as this makes the writer feel that he is being criticized behind his back and he wonders just how many other things are wrong."7. Never fail to warn a writer not to be mechanical, as this automatically suggests to him that his stories are mechanical and, as he considers this a crime, wonders how much of his technique shows through and instantly goes to much trouble to bury mechanics very deep—which will result in laying the mechanics bare to the eye."8. Never fail to mention and then discuss budget problems with a writer, as he is very interested."9. By showing his vast knowledge of a field, an editor can almost always frighten a writer into mental paralysis, especially on subjects where nothing is known anyway."10. Always tell a writer plot tricks, as they are not his business.
Jaffrey Clark, The Sword and the Promise|She jolted to a halt when she saw what was waiting for her. They were breathtaking and entrancing. Their beauty overwhelming, and their light warm and inviting. Safety and peace settled over her, as she gazed around at the beauty before her. They were no more than a foot long with silky wings and a wonderful aura, with light beaming from their bodies. All possessing long, satin hair, with a diversity of color. Not one was identical and their divinity could be felt to the depths of Malkia’s soul.
Melissa Landers, Alienated|I know that asshole you were with in college --”“Can we leave that asshole out of it?”Please, gentlemen, one asshole at a time.
N. K. Jemisin|Many things have broken him. He holds himself together with spit and endless smiling, but all can see the cracks. You, though; you are dented, bruised, but intact.
Phil Ochs|O human beauty, what a dream art thou, that we should cast our life and hopes away on thee!
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|...and the vessel was not full, his intellect was not satisfied, his soul was not at peace, his heart was not still.
Domingos Monteiro|Ever since I was a little girl, I’ve always enjoyed feeling afraid. I think it is the most delicious feeling there is
Paul Dirac|After much deliberation, and after reviewing the legal, public policy and civil-rights questions presented, I support marriage equality for same-sex couples and believe that DOMA should be repealed.
Hiroko Sakai|If somebody's getting depressed in life, I would say, "Look at me'. I've got here believing in me. Sometimes, things do not go as you expected and you could feel as if you were ruining everything. But Everything can be only the path to get to the success of your dream. You can not fail until you give up. As long as you keep going, you are on the path for your success.
Dalai Lama XIV|Compassion is not religious business, it is human business, it is not luxury, it is essential for our own peace and mental stability, it is essential for human survival.
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|If your temper is violent towards your brothers and sisters in the Lord, whose kingdom are you trying to build?
Salma Hayek|The woman who made those movies, that's not me. She's someone else.
Julie Garwood, Gentle Warrior|I will find her.""And when you do?" Roger asked."I will make her mine," the warrior answered in a hard, determined voice. "She will be mine."The vow was made.
Karen McQuestion, The Long Way Home|I remembered screaming then, screaming until my voice stopped.
Tamara Ecclestone|A man is not rightly conditioned until he is a happy, healthy, and prosperous being; and happiness, health, and prosperity are the result of a harmonious adjustment of the inner with the outer of the man with his surroundings.
Deyth Banger|Face the truth, face it. Don't face the lie, face the truth!
Michael Moore|The truth is, in order to get things like universal health care and a revamped education system, then someone is going to have to give up a piece of their pie so that someone else can have more.
Vikas Swarup, Q & A|Exploration is a quite legitimate purpose for a journey. You have the opportunity to learn the territories of the Upper and Lower Worlds and their assets, which you can employ as needed in the future.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|Zombies are familiar characters in philosophical thought experiments. They are like people in every way except they have no internal experience.... If there are enough zombies recruited into our world, I worry about the potential for a self-fulfilling prophecy. Maybe if people pretend they are not conscious or do not have free will - or that the cloud of online people is a person; if they pretend there is nothing special about the perspective of the individual - then perhaps we have the power to make it so. We might be able to collectively achieve antimagic. Humans are free. We can commmit suicide for the benefit of a Singularity. We can engineer our genes to better support an imaginary hive mind. We can make culture and journalism into second-rate activities and spend centuries remixing the detritus of the 1960s and other eras from before individual creativity went out of fashion. Or we can believe in ourselves. By chance, it might turn out we are real.
Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless|I think we have different value systems." —Arthur"Well mine's better." —Ford
Gavyn Davies|In my day, the only people who achieved real independence were my father, Mary Pickford and Charles Chaplin, who, with D. W. Griffith, formed United Artists. Other than that, everybody belonged to the big studios. They had no say in their own careers.
Maggie Georgiana Young|The deeper into this chapter in my life I get, the fainter the hum of crucifixion becomes.
Constantinos P. Cavafis, Collected Poems|Άλλα ζητεί η ψυχή σου, γι’ άλλα κλαίει·
Adam Baker, Outpost|Jane woke, stretched, and decided to kill herself. If she hadn’t found a reason to live by the end of the day she would jump from the rig. It felt good to have a plan.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Life was a swarm of accidents waiting in the treetops, descending upon any living thing that passed, ready to eat them alive. You swam in a river of chance and coincidence. You clung to the happiest accidents- the rest you let float by.
M.R. Field, Fractures|As my muscles marginally relax, the tension flicks from anger to fevered desire. I want to tear each wisp of clothing off her and tie her to this f**king desk. I’ll know next time, to bring my satin ribbon.
Patrick J. Kennedy|There's all these ways to instantly communicate - cars, computers, telephone and transportation - and even with all that, it's so hard to find people and have an honest communication with them.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Tradition means giving votes to the most obscure of all classes, our ancestors. It is the democracy of the dead. Tradition refuses to submit to the small and arrogant oligarchy of those who merely happen to be walking about.
Malaika Arora Khan|Every year, like a good Catholic, I wait for Christmas. Putting up the lights, decorating the tree, making sweets and then unwrapping gifts on Christmas morning... it's a tradition my family has followed since I was very little.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|The widespread assumption that ethical behavior takes the fun out of life is false. In actuality, living ethically ensures that relationships in our lives, including encounters with strangers, nurture our spiritual growth.
Dustin Lynch|If we don't continue to pursue alternative, emissions-free energy sources like nuclear fuel, we are at risk of increasing our dependence on costly natural gas.
José Saramago, All the Names|Contrary to what is generally believed, meaning and sense were never the same thing, meaning shows itself at once, direct, literal, explicit, enclosed in itself, univocal, if you like, while sense cannot stay still, it seethes with second, third and fourth senses, radiating out in different directions that divide and subdivide into branches and branchlets, until they disappear from view, the sense of every word is like a star hurling spring tides out into space, cosmic winds, magnetic perturbations, afflictions.
Melissa A. Craven, The Awakening|Distraction leaches the authenticity out of our communications. When we are not emotionally present, we are gliding over the surface of our interactions and we never tangle in the depths where the nuances of our skills are tested and refined.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|Time goes on, and your life is still there, and you have to live it. After a while you remember the good things more often than the bad. Then, gradually, the empty silent parts of you fill up with sounds of talking and laughter again, and the jagged edges of sadness are softened by memories.
Claire Morgan, The Price of Salt|You came to my lifewith what you were bringing,madeof light and bread and shadow I expected you,and Like this I need you,Like this I love you,and to those who want to hear tomorrowthat which I will not tell them, let them read it here,and let them back off today because it is earlyfor these arguments.
Jane Grey|An Arundel TombSide by side, their faces blurred,The earl and countess lie in stone,Their proper habits vaguely shownAs jointed armour, stiffened pleat,And that faint hint of the absurd -The little dogs under their feet.Such plainness of the pre-BaroqueHardly involves the eye, untilIt meets his left-hand gauntlett, stillClasped empty in the other, andOne sees with a sharp tender shockHis hand withdrawn, holding her hand.They would not think to lie so long,Such faithfulness in effigyWas just a detail friends would see,A sculptor's sweet commissioned graceThrown off in helping to prolongThe Latin names around the base.They would not guess how early inTheir supine stationary voyageThe air would change to soundless damage,Turn the old tenantry away;How soon succeeding eyes beingTo look, not read. Rigidly, theyPersisted, linked, through lengths and breadthsOf time. Snow fell, undated. LightEach summer thronged the grass. A brightLitter of birdcalls strewed the sameBone-littered ground. And up the pathsThe endless altered people cameWashing at their identity.Now helpless in the hollowOf an unarmorial age, a troughOf smoke in slow suspended skeinsAbove their scrap of history,Only an attitude remains.Time has transfigured them intoUntruth. The stone fidelityThey hardly meant has come to beTheir final blazon and to proveOur almost-instinct almost-true:What will survive of us is love.
Will Durant|[W]orship, if not the child, is at leastthe brother, of fear.
Stephanie Osborn, Burnout: The Mystery of Space Shuttle STS-281|Sometimes you gotta say what's in your heart... And you have to stand for what you believe. No matter what." ~'Dr. Michael C. Anders,
Jack Dancer, Detour Amour|The mandate of God to man, believers and unbelievers alike is that they should manage the earth for God.
Courtney C. Stevens, Faking Normal|Ask yourselfWill i burn in Hell?Then write it downand cast it in the wellThere they areThe mob it cries for bloodTo twist the taleInto fore woodFan the flamesWith a little lieThen turn your cheekUntil the fire diesThe skin it peelsLike the truth, awayWhat it wasI will never say...
Sunday Adelaja|When God begins his good works it is difficult to hold on, if you are in a passive position
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Grand Inquisitor|In the end they will lay their freedom at our feet and say to us, Make us your slaves, but feed us.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|When you get to be as old and as rich as I am, it’s hard to meet people.
Jacqueline Francis - Wanting to Remember, Trying to Forget|Whenever the sun is shining, I feel obligated to play outside!
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|So it's true. You can walk in sunlight. I thought perhaps it might have worn off.""If I feel the urge to burst into flames, I'll let you know.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Pursue money while you're alive, so that poverty will not pursue you when you're old.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is always something through which things get into our minds. There is always something in mind which does not only control the mind, but also the life we live in totality!
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Learning to Live through Jiu Jitsu|As a human being, I know of no greater example of success than someone who is self-sustaining through using his passion in the service of others.
Neil Gaiman, The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish|Some people have great ideas maybe once or twice in their life, and then they discover electricity or fire or outer space or something. I mean, the kind of brilliant ideas that change the whole world. Some people never have them at all... I get them two or three times a week.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Isn't forgiveness a holy virtue? And if so, then why do we insist on keeping historical records of resentment? Is the Creator an advocate of love or hate? And if love, then why are we still pushing so much hatred? What is there ever to be gained from vocalizing hatred? Only more hatred. Who wants that? And why?
Emily Matchar, Homeward Bound: Why Women are Embracing the New Domesticity|Miller believes, like many theists, that religion brings us beyond the bounds of materialism. (Ironically he insists on a material explanation [evolution] for our existence.) However, he fails to explain how religion does this. Will religion enable us to overcome Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle? Will the secrets of Miller's black box of quantum mechanics be revealed? Will chance and chaos be things of the past? If religion can't help us solve these mysteries, take us beyond the bounds of our material understanding, then Miller's belief is just so much wishful thinking. However, during one of his more coherent, non-blonde moments, Miller makes one of his strongest points: Science only concerns itself with the material universe, so we must look beyond science if we are to have morals. I can't say I disagree. However, morals don't have to come from an imaginary sky daddy. They could be rationally conceived and practiced to create an orderly society. And, why should science limit itself to the material universe? Morals can be tried and tested; bad morals can be weeded out while good morals are preserved. Such has already happened. Consider the fact that most parents no longer obey God's command to kill their children when they misbehave. Yet, those same parents abstain from stealing and adultery.
Linda Lee Chaikin, Tomorrow's Treasure|I think you will agree that life's plans are not always tied up in neat little packages. Occasionally we find ourselves at unexpected crossroads with more than one opportunity from which to choose. Time itself is often the best indicator of which decision to make, for it can tell so many thing that are now hazy.
Ortega y Gasset|A concrete example of this mechanism is found in one of the most alarming phenomena of the last thirty years: the enormous increase in the police force of all countries. The increase of population has inevitably rendered it necessary. However accustomed we may be to it, the terrible paradox should not escape our minds that the population of a great modern city, in order to move about peaceably and attend to its business, necessarily requires a police force to regulate the circulation. But it is foolishness for the party of "law and order" to imagine that these "forces of public authority" created to preserve order are always going to be content to preserve the order that that party desires. Inevitably they will end by themselves defining and deciding on the order they are going to impose- which, naturally, will be that which suits them best.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Slow Regard of Silent Things|It exhasperated her, but she knew better than to force the world to her desire.
Karl Marx, Preface and Introduction to a Contribution to the Critque of Political Economy|Silently, sadly, the earth covered life coinage is read both ways; so much vs. so little and…so little vs. …so much!
A.D. Posey|At least I’m not afraid, and no one will ever call me boring.
Nelly|An orange on the table, your dress on the rug, and you in my bed, sweet present of the present, cool of night, warmth of my life.
John Mark Green|Even when your heart is blue, I'll safely hold it. I really don't mind these indigo-stained hands.
Wendy Kopp|Wills are trumped by legal titles to real estate or beneficiary designations on financial accounts, retirement plans and insurance policies.
Debasish Mridha|Love is divine and peaceful but hate is devilish and dreadful. So love everyone without judging them, you will be in peace always.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|One day a week I seek to rest from earthly toil and sorrow.Revitalized, I find the strength to battle new tomorrows.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I try to deny myself any illusions or delusions, and I think that this perhaps entitles me to try and deny the same to others, at least as long as they refuse to keep their fantasies to themselves.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|If my journey was so easy, I would have missed out on life's invaluable lessons. From misery I learnt to comfort those in tears, from lack I learnt to give to the needy; from uncertainty I learnt to understand others and from my silence I learnt to listen to the voiceless.
Mark Twain|Now if there is anything in this universe for which we do not have an "inkling," it is the ultimate goal of the Creator. Erroneous notions regarding this goal often stem from the misconception that all existence exists for man alone. The foible in this perception of the universe is the failure to realize that existence itself is good. The Five Books of Moses are bracketed by explicit statements of the worth of being. At the start we are told: "And God saw all that was made and behold it was very good" (Gen. 1:31)
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|There was another reason [she] took her books whenever they went away. They were her home when she was somewhere strange. They were familiar voices, friends that never quarreled with her, clever, powerful friends -- daring and knowledgeable, tried and tested adventurers who had traveled far and wide. Her books cheered her up when she was sad and kept her from being bored.
Richard Dawkins|...when two opposite points of view are expressed with equal intensity, the truth does not necessarily lie exactly halfway between them. It is possible for one side to be simply wrong.
Ira Bruce Nadel, Biography: Fiction, Fact & Form|After moving his family from Yakima to Paradise, California, in 1958, he enrolled at Chico State College. There, he began an apprenticeship under the soon-to-be-famous John Gardner, the first "real writer" he had ever met. "He offered me the key to his office," Carver recalled in his preface to Gardner’s On Becoming a Novelist (1983). "I see that gift now as a turning point." In addition, Gardner gave his student "close, line-by-line criticism" and taught him a set of values that was "not negotiable." Among these values were convictions that Carver held until his death. Like Gardner, whose On Moral Fiction (1978) decried the "nihilism" of postmodern formalism, Carver maintained that great literature is life-connected, life-affirming, and life-changing. "In the best fiction," he wrote "the central character, the hero or heroine, is also the ‘moved’ character, the one to whom something happens in the story that makes a difference. Something happens that changes the way that character looks at himself and hence the world." Through the 1960s and 1970s he steered wide of the metafictional "funhouse" erected by Barth, Barthelme and Company, concentrating instead on what he called "those basics of old-fashioned storytelling: plot, character, and action." Like Gardner and Chekhov, Carver declared himself a humanist. "Art is not self-expression," he insisted, "it’s communication.
Latika Teotia|The day you start giving yourself priority and catering to your own needs first, that day everything will fall in place. Most of us were taught (or believed) that taking care of your own needs first is being selfish. Nothing can be farther from the truth. Unless you look after yourself first, how can you look after others? It has been proved beyond reasonable doubt that if you want to help others, you have to take care of your own needs first. No, you are not being selfish by doing that. Charity begins at home- in this case with your own self. You can feed others provided you have enough to eat. More often than not, you are misused if you are nice. You have to compromise many a time to suit needs of others. That way you are seconding yourself to someone else. Stop doing that. You have a right to your needs and a reasonable chance to fulfill them. Demarcate clear boundaries, draw very clear unambiguous lines and stick to them; your personal space should not be violated. If in your relationships you find that all your efforts are concentrated on pleasing others then it is high time you unshackled and freed yourself from their vice like grip or else you will sink into quicksand with no chance of survival. If people don’t like the new you and decide to walk out, don’t stop them, they were never meant to be in your circle. Good riddance. Believe me, you will feel relieved because a very heavy load would have been lifted from your chest. Surround yourself with like-minded people who care for you, respect your individuality, see your value and don’t cross the line. They are people you should stick to- because they are genuine.
Julius Lester, The Autobiography of God|To look at life without words is not to lose the ability to form words- to think, remember, and plan. To be silent is not to lose your tongue. On the contrary, it is only through silence that one can discover something new to talk about. One who talked incessantly, without stopping to look and listen, would repeat himself ad nauseam. It is the same with thinking, which is really silent talking. It is not, by itself, open to the discovery of anything new, for its only novelties are simply arrangements of old words and ideas.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|Romance isn't in my repertoire, Eva. But a thousand ways to make you come are. Let me show you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Remember, one step leads to the other and therefore never neglect the first step. It will give you the confidence you need to sail through with victory
Eraldo Banovac|How ’bout you take this Cajun injector here,” I say, gripping the steel rod in his shorts, “and give me a shot of protein instead.
Joseph Campbell, Pathways to Bliss: Mythology and Personal Transformation|Revolution doesn't have to do with smashing something; it has to do with bringing something forth. If you spend all your time thinking about that which you are attacking, then you are negatively bound to it. You have to find the zeal in yourself and bring that out.
Alexandra Adornetto|Christmas is joy, religious joy, an inner joy of light and peace.
Thomas Hardy, Far From The Madding Crowd, Volume 1 of 3|Gabriel Oak: "It's time for you to fight your own battles... and win them too.
Isis Sousa, Art of Isis Sousa & Guests: Fantasy Digital Painting Techniques & Video Lectures|From out of your heart, you speak."-Emma, When Crickets Cry
Bruce Dickinson|My dad was in the army. World War II. He got his college education from the army. After World War II he became an insurance salesman. Really, I didn't know my dad very well. He and my mother split up after the war. I was raised by my maternal grandmother and grandfather, and by my mother.
Kristine McGuire, An Insider's Guide to Spiritual Warfare: 20 Battle Tested Strategies from Behind Enemy Lines|Growing up loving the Bible made me apt to love other books. I don't love them in the same way I love the Bible, but a lesser love came easily. The splendor of sunlight does not take away
Charles Baudelaire|I would like to say to people, open your eyes and find beauty where you normally don't expect it.
Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy, Out of Revolution: Autobiography of Western Man|He who suffers wins in politics. The martyr does not obtain the victory personally, but his group, his successors, win in the long run.
Mara Wilson, Where Am I Now?|From then on, I vowed, I would never say anything negative about a woman's appearance. it had nothing to do with them as a person and it wasn't something they could easily change. If I didn't want looks to matter, I would have to stop talking and acting as if they did.
Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life|This is where life as I knew it changed. This is where a new feeling slowly, eventually, permeated every cell of my body, changing the way I took in the world. My perceptions, opinions, everything changed the year I moved from Texas to Virginia.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|If integrity is considered a virtue, it may be because most people lack integrity. Also, as only a few succeed in their pursuits, some may link failure with a lack of integrity. But this is not fully true. When you reason it out, you might conclude that honest people are more likely to fail and the dishonest rise faster.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|The whole secret lies in confusing the enemy, so that he cannot fathom our real intent.
Debasish Mridha|If life is for love, then start loving at this very moment.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|It is perhaps beside the point to remark that bowling alleys and supermarkets have nursery facilities, while schools and colleges and scientific laboratories and government offices do not.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I own my life to the Saviour, who saved me.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|Aside from the obvious, Francesca, what do you want in return for supplying information?” Bones asked, getting back to the subject. “You to take me,” she replied at once. “Not gonna happen!” I spat, squeezing him possessively. Three sets of widened eyes fixed on me. That’s when I realized that what I had a firm grip on was no longer his hand.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|What hurt him most of all, made him feel like a sick child aware of terrible wrongness and yet incapable of explaining it to anyone who might help, was that in spite of the evidence around them, in spite of what their eyes and ears reported-and sometimes their flesh, from bruises, stab wounds, racking coughs, weeping sores-these people believed their way of life was the best in the world, and were prepared to export it at the point of a gun.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|Time and tide, he thought. The cycle of life. Ending in this, the last twilight. Before the silence of death. He perceived in this a micro-universe, complete.
George Eliot|They kissed in the middle of the sidewalk, letting the crowds of people flow around them like water around an island.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|And another way of explaining it is to say that shit happens, and there's no space too small, too dark and airless and fucking hopeless, for people to crawl into.
Anna Aquino|I was going to stop pretending that just because we were in ministry we were perfect. I was tired of wearing the mask of ministry, and knew that I needed to start living the life.
Jack Prelutsky|Children have a tendency to behave as poorly as the most poorly behaved kid in the room. The laws of physics dictate that if there is a kid screaming and running in the hallway of a hotel, all the other children will scream and run in the hallway of the hotel.
William Wordsworth, Preface to the Lyrical Ballads|Unkindness is inspired by hatred, anger fuels it into action in which there is no great joy; it would take sadism to turn it into something pleasurable; unkind people imagine themselves to be inflicting pain on someone equally unkind.
Grace Lee Boggs|The abundance of beards in periods of social unrest, times of revolt or upheaval, should be noted. It's the handiest way people have of making themselves mysterious.
Sunday Adelaja|People with victim mentality often do not have life purpose, because they do not know how to acquire them unless someone plans their future for them
Cathy Cassidy, Angel Cake|Instead of blue skies and sunshine, there are grey clouds and endless rain that seeps into your bones, your soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great faith, Great confidence.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|She is drawn to the river, and all its hideous, dead-eyed treasures: rot-bloated cats, and cold-meat corpses of unwanted infants, eels plucking at their tender fingers and toes.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|People generally believe that stress is responsible for depletion, but apathy and uninspired systematic repetition are equally responsible. Or rather, systematic repetition produces as much or more stress and anxiety as anything else.
Erik Pevernagie|Let us dare to dream and shoot for the moon. Even if we don’t fetch the moon, a million stars may fill us with wonder. ("Happiness blowing in the wind")
Cecil Taylor|I only had three teachers, really, that were interesting, and all three of them were women.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong? Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past|There is not, in a material sense, any benefit to being right about a future you will not experience. But there are intrinsic benefits to constantly probing the possibility that our assumptions about the future might be wrong: humility and wonder.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|There is a trick to flying. The angels told me." He had smiled at my wide-eyed awe. "You need to forget everything you know as a human being. When you are human, you discover that there is great power in hating the earth. And it can almost make you fly. But it never will."I had frowned, not quite understanding him. "So, what's the trick?""Love the sky.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|The Cycle of True Love: First I see and think I love, then I say I know I love, today and forever more I decide to love.
Marc Andreessen|I am not great at computers. If I were to try shopping through Google, I'd end up with 33 vests.
Abraham Lincoln|May this marriage be full of laughter, our every day in paradise.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Happiness is a choice, but grief is a certainty.
Agatha Christie, Hallowe'en Party|But the Christian also knows that he not only cannot and dare not be anxious, but that there is no need for him to be so. Neither anxiety now work can secure his daily bread, for bread is the gift of the Father.
Louis-Auguste Blanqui|Ni dieu ni maître!(Neither God nor master)[Feminist and labour slogan translated to 'No gods, no masters']
Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan|Maxi dresses are also my best friend. They take me from my morning coffee, to the beach, to nighttime.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Boys’ aggressiveness is increasingly being treated as a medical problem, particularly in schools, a trend that has led to the diagnosing and medicating of boys whose problem may really be that they have been traumatized and influenced by exposure to violence and abuse at home. Treating these boys as though they have a chemical problem not only overlooks the distress they are in but also reinforces their belief that they are “out of control” or “sick,” rather than helping them to recognize that they are making bad choices based on destructive values. I have sometimes heard adults telling girls that they should be flattered by boys’ invasive or aggressive behavior “because it means they really like you,” an approach that prepares both boys and girls to confuse love with abuse and socializes girls to feel helpless.
Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger Volume I: Final Secret of the Illuminati|We look for the Secret - the Philosopher's Stone, the Elixir of the Wise, Supreme Enlightenment, 'God' or whatever...and all the time it is carrying us about...It is the human nervous system itself.
Joseph Pearce|What should you, O man, do, you who seek your own glory whenever you do anything good, while when you do something bad, you figure out ways to blame God.
French Montana|You can't have a relationship with a device whose limits are unknown to you, because without limits, it keeps becoming something else.
Toni Sorenson|...some of the miracles do locally what God has already done universally: others do locally what He has not yet done, but will do.
Roger Milla|Life is so impermanent that it's not about somebody else or things around me, it's about knowing you are completely alone in this world and being content inside.
Dave Barry|There's great food everywhere, and even McDonald's uses nice wood now.
Umberto Eco|A coward's gun is emptied when fear pulls the trigger, and hate is the ammunition of choice.
George S. Kaufman|a heck of a lot of things are bound to go wrong in a world as big as this one. And if there's an answer to why it's that way - and there ain't always - why, it's probably not just one answer by itself, but thousands of answers.
Lewis Grizzard|One was never married, and that's his hell; another is, and that's his plague.
Mary Oliver, Evidence: Poems|I want to write something so simply about love or about pain that even as you are reading you feel it and as you read you keep feeling it and though it be my story it will be common, though it be singular it will be known to you so that by the end you will think—no, you will realize—that it was all the while yourself arranging the words, that it was all the time words that you yourself, out of your heart had been saying.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|A good reputation is sign of success".
Roald Dahl|I shall never have a bath again," I said. "Just dont have one too often," my grandmother said. "Once a month is quite enough for a sensible child." It was at times like these that I loved my grandmother more than ever.
Hazrat Inayat Khan, The Bowl of Saki: Thoughts for Daily Contemplation from the Sayings and Teachings of Hazrat Inayat Khan|If people but knew their own religion, how tolerant they would become, and how free from any grudge against the religion of others.
Peter Heller, Kook: What Surfing Taught Me About Love, Life, and Catching the Perfect Wave|We love surfers for the same reasons we have always admired doctors and pilots and firemen and shamans, for the same reasons we admire excellent soldiers: because despite themselves they have bowed to a force much greater than themselves, which in this case is the wave, and submitted to the gnarly rigors of its discipline. They have allowed themselves to be shaped and polished by the sea. They have given themselves up to this greater force, day after day, year after year. Crushed and punished, battered into something tempered and resilient, and sharpened to an edge by constant refinement. They are warriors in the best sense: by bending to the often brutal demands of surfing they have transformed themselves into beings who can respond to great violence with grace and humility. And beauty.
T. E. Lawrence|It always seems to me so odd that when a man dies, he takes out with him all the knowledge that he has got in his lifetime whilst sowing his wild oats or winning successes. And he leaves his sons or younger brothers to go through all the work of learning it over again from their own experience.
Martijn Benders|While my friends struggled and calculated, I reached a solution by a set of floating steps that were partly visual, partly just a feeling for what was right. It was hard to explain how I knew what I knew.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|When strangers on a train or a plane ask what I do for a living, I say, "I kill people." This response makes for a short conversation. No eye contact and no sudden movement from my seat-mate. Only peace and quiet. Rare is the fellow passenger who asks why I do it.I suppose I got tired hanging out in a book all day waiting for a story to begin. I write the kind of novels I want to read. And why the theme of solving murders? Violent death is larger than life and it's the great equalizer. By law, every victim is entitled to a paladin and a chase, else life would be cheapened.And the real reason I do this? My brain is simply bent this way. There is nothing else I would rather do. This neatly chains into my theory of the writing life. If you scratch an artist, under the skin you will find a bum who cannot hold down a real job. Conversely, if you scratch a bum... but I have never done that.The heart of my theory has puritan roots: if you love what you do, you cannot call it honest work.
Rossandra White|Memoir writing draws on all aspects of who we are, body, mind and soul. We are challenged to dig deep, to remember, and once again inhabit the skin of who we were and what we have learned. Writing memoir is an act of testimony, witnessing, healing. When you write a memoir, you draw upon layers of your consciousness and discover your true nature, your essential self, and are transformed the process.” Linda Joy Meyer
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Your track record, and great achievements may prompt people to invest their resources such as time and money, not their heart.
Ray Bradbury|It was the flashing lights, and the noise of the machines, and the loud, loud music, all seeming to refract and contract around her, her eyes widening, her hair swooshing, her slow smile shining. She seemed an actual part of the place - all fun, all joy, all shimmery skittering energy.
Paul Quarrington, The Boy on the Back of the Turtle: Seeking God, Quince Marmalade, and the Fabled Albatross on Darwin's Islands|Let us accept the possibility that there is, at death, not an abrupt cessation of energy, rather a dispersal. This seems more than reasonable to me. Mind you, I've owned a series of old cars, and I"m used to turning off the motor only to experience a series of rumblings and explosions that would shame many a volcano. This is the sort of thing I'm conceptualizing, a kind of clunky running-on. And just as some cars are more susceptible to this behavior, so people vary in the length of time, and the force with which, their energy sputters and gasps. . . My example is overly dramatic, but it is not wholly unreasonable, and it serves to make this genetic mutation a player at the evolutionary table. You see what I'm getting at: a biologically and evolutionally sound model for the soul. (I didn't say I'd achieved it.) Let's conceive of the soul as an aura that human beings wear on their backs, cumberson as a tortoise's carapace. Some are larger than others.
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|In this universe, even what is called evil, when it is rightly ordered and kept in its place, commends the good more eminently, since good things yield greater pleasure and praise when compared to the bad things. For the Omnipotent God, whom even the heathen acknowledge as the Supreme Power over all, would not allow any evil in his works, unless in his omnipotence and goodness, as the Supreme Good, he is able to bring forth good out of evil. What, after all, is anything we call evil except the privation of good? In animal bodies, for instance, sickness and wounds are nothing but the privation of health. When a cure is effected, the evils which were present (i.e., the sickness and the wounds) do not retreat and go elsewhere. Rather, they simply do not exist any more. For such evil is not a substance; the wound or the disease is a defect of the bodily substance which, as a substance, is good. Evil, then, is an accident, i.e., a privation of that good which is called health. Thus, whatever defects there are in a soul are privations of a natural good. When a cure takes place, they are not transferred elsewhere but, since they are no longer present in the state of health, they no longer exist at all.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Life is a continuum; neither black nor white, but a series of shades from light to dark. When the shadow is in front of you, all you see is the darkness and forget the sun is at your back.
Helen Keller|My goal is to be able to provide for myself and not have to worry about the daily expenses. I do want to be able to benefit from my work and make a good living, but I love it so much that I would do it for free.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Only if you are possible, everything will be possible.
Osho, Creativity: Unleashing the Forces Within|Notwithstanding how good you are, you shall be perceived as bad by the masses when you take the extraordinary steps that lead to distinctiveness which the masses may regard as bad
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|If you make change part of your operation routine and your DNA, and then change becomes easier to deal with, and even become an ongoing core business capability.
George Bernard Shaw|Nobody had ever told me junk food was bad for me. Four years of medical school, and four years of internship and residency, and I never thought anything was wrong with eating sweet rolls and doughnuts, and potatoes, and bread, and sweets.
Joselle Anne Gayanes|The past is gone. My life is a miracle! With gratitude to God, I am still here to remember and to tell what happened to me during the Holocaust of WWII.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|However, what I have come to understand from my life’s journey is that I am always in the right place at the right time. In fact, there is no other place I could possibly be.
George Anson|His three boats stove around him, and oars and men both whirling in the eddies; one captain, seizing the line-knife from his broken prow, had dashed at the whale, as an Arkansas duellist at his foe, blindly seeking with a six inch blade to reach the fathom-deep life of the whale. That captain was Ahab. And then it was, that suddenly sweeping his sickle-shaped lower jaw benieath him, Moby Dick had reaped away Ahab's leg.
David Markson, Wittgenstein's Mistress|We say we long for intimacy with God and others, and yet we structure our lives so that this becomes impossible. One might think we are avoiding intimacy, that maybe we really like our finely managed lives just the way they are.
Siegmund Warburg|Success from the financial and from the prestige point of view . . . is not enough; what matters even more is . . . adherence to high moral and aesthetic standards." — as quoted in "High Financier" by Niall Ferguson
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|Creativity has many dimensions, with multi-faceted truth and myth and manifold knowledge.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|It is true, as John Bunyan said, that God infinitely prefers a heart without words to words without a heart when we pray.
Sunday Adelaja|You are the ONLY you there is, you have a purpose, you are not just a biomass
Blaize Clement, Cat Sitter on a Hot Tin Roof|No man likes to acknowledge that he has made a mistake in the choice of his profession, and every man, worthy of the name, will row long against wind and tide before he allows himself to cry out, 'I am baffled!' and submits to be floated passively back to land.
Kate Orman, Doctor Who: Sleepy|Love is about giving, about caring for the other person's welfare. Love is treating someone, in the Kantian sense, never as a means but as an end in themselves. Love is sacrifice, love is something you work at, something you build like a house or tend like a plant, brick by brick, drop by drop, day by day. Nonsense. Old wives' tales, old husbands' tales. That is affection they are talking about, that is companionship, that is charity, that is tickets for the Cancer Research Ball. You must ask the young if you want to know what love is. Only they are deep enough in it to describe. We older ones have clues and simulacra, we base our judgement, like pathologists do, on the dents and scars and sediments of hearts long kept in formaldehyde. It is the pulsing heart you want to probe: the pulsing, beating, leaping, dipping, fluttering heart of a seventeen-year-old.
Debasish Mridha|Wealth is not often a byproduct of hard work or superior intelligence, but often wealth is a byproduct of a purpose oriented abundant mentality.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|If you are faced with a lost opportunity, think of the shifting reality and be ready to catch it when it comes your way. This is the way reality functions.
L.J. Smith, Nightfall|You didn’t feed from her,” he said, and this was not a question.“Swill poison? Not my kind of fun, little brother.”One corner of Stefan’s mouth quirked up. He made no response to this, but simply looked at Damon with eyes that were... knowing. Damon bridled.“I told the truth!”“Going to take it up as a hobby?
Char Sharp, The Kiss of Life|It is the Valley of Fear, the Valley of Death. The terror is in the hearts of the people from the dusk to the dawn. Wait, young man, and you will learn for yourself.---Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|You've never been the safe, nice girl next door, despite everything you do to be that person. That's why you joined the I.S., and even there you didn't fit in, because, knowing it or not, you were a possible threat to everyone around you. People sense it on some level. I see it all the time. The dangerous are attracted by the lure of an equal, and the weak are afraid. Then they avoid you, or go out of their way to make your life miserable so you'll leave and they can continue deluding themselves that they're safe. (...) You got off on the risk.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving & The Peaceful Wristband: How to Keep The Atraction Alive and His Love Growing For You|Dear Hope, I NEVER thought Id see the day when two of your daily e-mails sandwiched a message from none other than PAUL PARLIPIANO. My crush to end all crushes! Gay man of my dreams! OOOH!
David Burtka|I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality.
Slavoj Žižek|The only way to survive such shitty times, if you ask me, is to write and read big, fat books, you know? And I’m writing now another book on Hegelian dialectics, subjectivity, ontology, quantum physics and so on. That’s the only way to survive. Like Lenin. I will use his example. You know what Lenin did, in 1915, when World War I exploded? He went to Switzerland and started to read Hegel.
Samuel Adams|There will come a time when it isn't 'They're spying on me through my phone' anymore. Eventually, it will be 'My phone is spying on me'.
Robert Peate|Give with a free hand, but give only of your own.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Hey, religious nuts! Please do not grow up. Just go up!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We all think of doing something distinctive in life. We all do dream of becoming great and leaving distinctive footprints but, when we get that dream, we must get a clear understanding of what it takes to be great. We must get the real picture of what it takes to live and leave distinctive footprints. We need to understand the real reasons why we must pursue to the end notwithstanding how arduous the journey to greatness may be and the tangible and intangible costs we may have to pay. We must have a nimble mind, move with tenacity and dare without retreating. Though we may be ignorant of the certainty, uncertainty and serendipity we may meet, we must think ahead! Vision shall always be a vision until we take that step of fortitude to make it a reality. When you dream of what is distinctive, make it happen!
Harlan Coben|The traditional spokespersons for the Evangelicals, such as Chuck Colson and James Dobson, have become alarmed about this drift away from the 'Family Values' issues that they believe should be the overwhelming concerns of Evangelicals. They have expressed their displeasure in letters of protest circulated through the religious media.
Italo Calvino, Cosmicomics|It wasn't the same. I'm pretty good at making the best of things, but it wasn't the same.
Hope C. Tarr, Claimed by the Rogue|So you are the brash young lover returned from the dead?" the Frenchman finally said."And you are the devoted fiance returned from the card room," Robert shot back...
Taranpreet Singh|Positivity of Life and Negativity of Mind cannot exist together. The more you keep on adapting the positivity into your mind, the more beautiful your world will become.
Ahmed Mostafa|Women fuck us up, break our hearts, drive us mad, and yet we love them; because if we didn't, nothing would make sense.
Rachel Caine, The Dead Girls' Dance|Not forever,” he said onto my mouth.And though I knew it was a lie, I put my arms around his neck and kissed him.He pulled me onto his lap, holding me tightly against him as his lips parted mine. I became aware of every pore in my body when his tongue entered my mouth.Though the horror of Rhysand’s magic still tore at me, I pushed Tamlin onto the bed, straddling him, pinning him as if it would somehow keep me from leaving, as if it would make time stop entirely.His hands rested on my hips, and their heat singed me through the thin silk of my nightgown. My hair fell around our faces like a curtain. I couldn’t kiss him fast enough, hard enough to express the rushing need within me. He growled softly and deftly flipped us over, spreading me beneath him as he wrenched his lips from my mouth and made a trail of kisses down my neck.My entire world constricted to the touch of his lips on my skin. Everything beyond them, beyond him, was a void of darkness and moonlight. My back arched as he reached the spot he’d once bitten, and I dragged my hands through his hair, savoring the silken smoothness.He traced the arc of my hipbones, lingering at the edge of my undergarments. My nightgown had become hitched around my waist, but I didn’t care. I hooked my bare legs around his, running my feet down the hard muscles of his calves.He breathed my name onto my chest, one of his hands exploring the plane of my torso, rising up to the slope of my breast. I trembled, anticipating the feel of his hand there, and his mouth found mine again as his fingers stopped just below.His kissing was slower this time—gentler. The fingertips of his other hand slipped beneath the waist of my undergarment, and I sucked in a breath.He hesitated at the sound, pulling back slightly. But I bit his lip in a silent command that had him growling into my mouth. With one long claw, he shredded through silk and lace, and my undergarment fell away in pieces. The claw retracted, and his kiss deepened as his fingers slid between my legs, coaxing and teasing. I ground against his hand, yielding completely to the writhing wildness that had roared alive inside me, and breathed his name onto his skin.He paused again—his fingers retracting—but I grabbed him, pulling him farther on top of me. I wanted him now—I wanted the barriers of our clothing to vanish, I wanted to taste his sweat, wanted to become full of him.
Poppet, Sveta|I manage to hold the poker face when she submits to dominance, to the summons, and swans into my arms, pressing her quivering form against mine when she embraces me.
April Mae Monterrosa|Funny how things work themselves out. Things happen that split up family and friends, then things happen that bring them back together. Everyone is in your life for a reason. My hope is for all the reasons to be good. Those who love you never lose touch, are always consistent, and unquestionable.
Francis Bacon|If, then, you are looking for the way by which you should go, take Christ, because He Himself is the way.
Ki Longfellow, The Secret Magdalene|The more we realize that we are only separated by the membrane of our own limiting and dividing beliefs, the more sand we remove, ultimately uncovering the deep and direct roots between us. Only then is society truly united, when we realize we are a whole, composed of cohesive parts.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|How conscience tells us that we ought to be fair, nobody knows. This we can say: we don't know it just from being told, we don't know it from the five senses, and we don't know it by inference from prior knowledge. We just know it. The knowledge is "underived.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|The precious gift of life must be preserved no matter now painful and pointless it seemed. Peace, I told them, is a gift so perfect that only God should grant it. I told people, only God’s most selfish children would steal God’s greatest gift, His only gift greater than life. The gift of death.This lesson is to the murderer, I said. This is to the suicide. This is to the abortionist. This is to the suffering and sick.Only God has the right to surprise His children with death.
|At the very end of every struggle comes a precious reward that worth all your blood, sweat and tears.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|As Ginny and Hermione moved closer to the rest of the family, Harry had a clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred: Remus and Tonks, pale and still and peaceful-looking, apparently asleep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling.
Elizabeth George, The Remarkable Women of the Bible: And Their Message for Your Life Today|Beloved, there is no way to measure the continuing influence of one godly mother.
Chitralekha Paul, Delayed Monsoon|And people turn to internet with the hope that in this virtual world, where real identity need not be disclosed, they will find someone before whom they could be their true self,without any pretensions and get an opportunity to release the pent-up emotions and feel light.
Robert B. Reich|A funny thing happened to the First Amendment on its way to the public forum. According to the Supreme Court, money is now speech and corporations are now people. But when real people without money assemble to express their dissatisfaction with the political consequences of this, they’re treated as public nuisances and evicted.
Jay Woodman|What is without dispute...is that the readers need [the BookWorld] just as much as we need them—to bring order to their apparent chaos, if nothing else.
H. Raven Rose, Caffè Latte|Oh, my god, he thought, realizing why he had always felt negatively towards Eden. She reminds me of my mother. The thought made his throat close up tight. He mused about the day's events. What a ride. Edward had surprised him. The man had courage, committing to love. What had he said to that starlet, none of it meant anything?
Noam Chomsky, Power Systems: Conversations on Global Democratic Uprisings and the New Challenges to U.S. Empire|I guess it's the curse of our generation, having to put aside our lives to do the right thing.
Peter S. Beagle, We Never Talk about My Brother|I am not a killer. I just win - Thoroughly - After all, winning isn't everything but wanting to win is.
Sean Lennon|I met Ashley two weeks before I married him. It was a joke-the most ridiculous thing I've ever done. Once I was married, I didn't want to be a failure, so I stuck it out for six months, which was about six months too long.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya|Give up trying to convince people who you are, instead confuse them. It is a lot more fun!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Tempter's Snare|Life’s gonna kick you in the butt.That’s what it does. But if you gotta put up with this crap, the least you can expect is that your friends will stand by you. I mean, for crying in the night, what else are friends for but to help you make right what isn’t in life?			(Kira, The Mishmorat)
Elizabeth I, Collected Works|[F]rom my years of understanding ... I happily chose this kind of life in which I yet live [i.e., unmarried], which I assure you for my own part hath hitherto best contented myself and I trust hath been most acceptable to God. From the which if either ambition of high estate offered to me in marriage by the pleasure and appointment of my prince ... or if the eschewing of the danger of my enemies or the avoiding of the peril of death ... could have drawn or dissuaded me from this kind of life, I had not now remained in this estate wherein you see me. But so constant have I always continued in this determination ... yet is it most true that at this day I stand free from any other meaning that either I have had in times past or have at this present.
K. Lars, Committed|It was just a lie that seemed real.It was a promise that was never meant to be true.The forever that had a deadline.It felt like falling in love, but it was falling in aheartbreak café!
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|I remember I’ve never shared tears with someone that longedfor (me) and loved me; I didn’t know how to be compassionate.”(The truth, the lies & the love, p. 76)
May Sarton, Selected Poems|What does myself now say to me?"Open the door of Mystery.
Salman Rushdie, East, West|What was that about?” he asked his voice deep with a bitter distain. I raised an eyebrow at him, “What was what about?”“All that, ‘Are-you-okay?’ and ‘Do-you-want-to-talk-about-it?’ crap.”“I was being nice. You know, that thing you being the total opposite of right now.
Elon Musk|What I'm trying to do is, is to make a significant difference in space flight. And help make space flight accessible to almost anyone.
Kevin Bacon|If you think people are inherently good, you get rid of the police for 24 hours - see what happens.
Lucy Swing, Feathermore|I didn't pretend to comprehend what he meant. I simply closed my eyes and let his arms wrap around me. The warmth that came from his body made me feel at home, as if, somehow, this is where I belonged. He smelled of woods after a thunderstorm, clean and elemental.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man has no automatic code of survival. His particular distinction from all other living species is the necessity to act in the face of alternatives by means of volitional choice. He has no automatic knowledge of what is good for him or evil, what values his life depends on, what course of action it requires...Man must obtain his knowledge and choose his actions by a process of thinking, which nature will not force him to perform.
Ben Hogan|All of us, at certain moments of our lives, need to take advice and to receive help from other people.
Ray Kurzweil, How to Create a Mind: The Secret of Human Thought Revealed|The pattern recognition theory of mind that I articulate in this book is based on a different fundamental unit: not the neuron itself, but rather an assembly of neurons, which I estimate to number around a hundred. The wiring and synaptic strengths within each unit are relatively stable and determined genetically—that is the organization within each pattern recognition module is determined by genetic design. Learning takes place in the creation of connections between these units, not within them, and probably in the synaptic strengths of the interunit connections.
Lyndsay Faye, The Fatal Flame|I know formidable women, dozens of them, women who fight and who win... Noble women. Heroic ones.
Marilynne Robinson, Home|Evermore the Law must prepare the way for the gospel. To overlook this in instructing souls is almost certain to result in false hope, the introduction of a false standard of Christian experience, and to fill the church with false converts.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|You’re afraid of imagination. And even more afraid of dreams. Afraid of the responsibility that begins in dreams. But you have to sleep, and dreams are a part of sleep. When you’re awake you can suppress imagination. But you can’t suppress dreams.
Debasish Mridha|Everyone has a button for sadness and a button for happiness, your condition depends on which one you push the most.
Vikram Seth, An Equal Music|Well, what do you think? Avanti?""Avanti," cries everyone, and, after a few quick re-tunings of our instruments, and re-initialisings of our hearts, we enter the slow theme-and-variations movement.How good it is to pay this quintet, to play it, not to work at it - to play for our own joy, with no need to convey anything to anyone outside our ring of recreation, with no expectation of a future stage, of the too-immediate sop of applause. The quintet exists without us yet cannot exist without us. It sings to us, we sing into it, and somehow, through these little black and white insects clustering along five thin lines, the man who deafly transfigured what he so many years earlier had hearingly composed speaks into us across land and water and ten generations, and fills us here with sadness, here with amazed delight.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|The voices in my head wouldn't shut up, so I let them write their story.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Evangelism, instead of being a normal part of careful and regular expository preaching, with the twin effect on the consciences of the unconverted and on the growth in grace of Christians, becomes a special, dramatic activity. This leads to an orientation of church life away from Scripture, and as scriptural and non-scriptural duties become confused, the main duties which God requires of Christians and ministers are overshadowed.
James Wan|There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education.
Martijn Benders|I didn’t think it was possible — but this situation has managed to get worse.” “But you’re so calm,” she observed.“That’s usually when you can tell everything has gone to shit.
King Coultas|Trunk took a chocolate bar out an inside pocket, ripped the paper and spat it, stuck the end of the bar in his mouth, bit off a huge chunk. He chewed, cheeks bulging, then took out a small silver hip flask, tipped it and drank long. "Hell's that?"Trunk chewed fast, said, "Toblerone, vodka chaser.""Jesus," said Christ.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The grandeur of the thieving falsity is larceny, the fall of cities.
Tayari Jones|But when I was a teenager, the idea of spending the rest of my life in a factory was real depressing. So the idea that I could become a musician opened up some possibilities I didn't see otherwise.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|Only dull people are brilliant at breakfast,
Cait Miller, Stray Magic|Megan noisily sucked in air for a scream that froze in her lungs. The cat stood in front of the open fire escape window, tail twitching, eyes focused intently on her face. Cursing inwardly at the stupidity of leaving the window open even a little bit, she made a mental note to never do it again…if she lived.The sheer size of the body under that sleek black coat was breathtaking, not to mention the power evident in those muscles. Megan whimpered as she caught sight of the sharp claws just visible on its feet. “Holy crap, someone up there has a really sick sense of humor. When I said I should get a cat, this is not what I meant!” she whispered. The cat snorted and her heart lodged in her throat.
Bill Flores|For years, I was watching other people have so much fun playing out their version of authorship, like Louis C.K. and Larry David. As I watched them do their thing, I began to pine for the days when I had a lot less expected of me and, often, a lot more creative freedom. The courage that those guys have is always captivating to me.
Debasish Mridha|What we dream repeatedly, we become.
Bridget Asher, The Pretend Wife|That our intuition could lead us astray is troubling in direct proportion to the degree of trust we place in it. The solution would seem to be: Don’t be overly trusting. Mix in a healthy dose of skepticism. But suppose we don’t have a say in the matter? Suppose we’re hardwired to trust—to believe in—our instincts, regardless of whether they’re right? Suddenly the problem of not knowing becomes a lot more complicated.
Madeleine L'Engle|Deep down, all the while, she was waiting for something to happen. Like a sailor in distress, she kept casting desperate glances over the solitary waster of her life, seeking some white sail in the distant mists of the horizon. She had no idea by what wind it would reach her, toward what shore it would bear her, or what kind of craft it would be – tiny boat or towering vessel, laden with heartbreaks or filled to the gunwhales with rapture. But every morning when she awoke she hoped that today would be the day; she listened for every sound, gave sudden starts, was surprised when nothing happened; and then, sadder with each succeeding sunset, she longed for tomorrow.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|It was only a smile, nothing more. It didn't make everything all right. It didn't make ANYTHING all right. Only a smile. A tiny thing. A leaf in the woods, shaking in the wake of a startled bird's flight. But I'll take it. With open arms. Because when spring comes, it melts the snow one flake at a time, and maybe I just witnessed the first flake melting. - Amir
Michael Brooks, 13 Things That Don't Make Sense: The Most Baffling Scientific Mysteries of Our Time|The definitive study of the herd instincts of astronomers has yet to be written, Fernie said, but there are times when we resemble nothing so much as a herd of antelope, heads down in tight formation, thundering with firm determination in a particular direction across the plain. At a given signal from the leader we whirl about, and, with equally firm determination, thunder off in quite a different direction, still in tight parallel formation.(quoting an observation made by astronomer J. Donal Fernie)
John Roberts|What's happened with society is that we have created these devices, computers, which already can register and process huge amounts of information, which is a significant fraction of the amount of information that human beings themselves, as a species, can process.
Ross  Turner, Midnight|Wherever man did not settle, the world was not owned.It was not wanted.In time of course this was bound to change, for there is never enough it seems.
John Burnside|I definitely have the eye of the tiger. I've fought my way to where I am and will continue to do so. I'm a hard worker - I get it from my family. We only know work. Nothing was handed to us. When I believe in something, I go after it. It's very hard to tell me 'no.'
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|The lizard brain is hungry, scared, angry, and horny.The lizard brain only wants to eat and be safe.The lizard brain will fight (to the death) if it has to, but would rather run away. It likes a vendetta and has no trouble getting angry.The lizard brain cares what everyone else thinks, because status in the tribe is essential to its survival.A squirrel runs around looking for nuts, hiding from foxes, listening for predators, and watching for other squirrels. The squirrel does this because that's all it can do. All the squirrel has is a lizard brain.The only correct answer to 'Why did the chicken cross the road?' is 'Because it's lizard brain told it to.' Wild animals are wild because the only brain they posses is a lizard brain.The lizard brain is not merely a concept. It's real, and it's living on the top of your spine, fighting for your survival. But, of course, survival and success are not the same thing.The lizard brain is the reason you're afraid, the reason you don't do all the art you can, the reason you don't ship when you can. The lizard brain is the source of the resistance.
Adriana Trigiani|When I observe Gram, I see how fragile the notion of tradition can be. If I take my eyes off the way she kneads her Easter bread, or if I fail to study the way she sews a seam in suede, or if I lose the mental image I have of her when she negotiates a better deal with a button salesman, somehow, the very essence of her will be lost. When she goes, the responsibility for carrying on will fall to me. My mother says I’m the keeper of the flame, because I work here, and because I choose to live here. A flame is a very fragile thing, too, and there are times when I wonder if I’m the on who can keep it going.
Mo Brooks|Yes, there's such a thing as luck in trial law but it only comes at 3 o'clock in the morning. You'll still find me in the library looking for luck at 3 o'clock in the morning.
Alan Greenspan|Mishaque was a stouty blend of Irish "shrek" mixed with crazy Jafakain, his front was car dealing.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|No matter how strong you are, you don’t just fight any fight at all! When you fight a wrong fight, you die a wrong death!
Emmanuel Macron|The Reverend Jeremiah Wright would baptize Obama, perform his marriage to Michelle LaVaughn Robinson, baptize their daughters, and draw him into the raucous, restless family of faith that Obama had never known before.
Raymond L. Cramer, Psychology of Jesus & Mental Health|What does your anxiety do? It does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, but it empties today of its strength. It does not make you escape the evil; it makes you unfit to cope with it if it comes.
Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret|All eyes turned to look at us' would be a slipshod way of putting it; eyes don't turn anyway, heads do, but as our little group joined the fringe of the assembly, there was a discernible swivelling of attention in our direction.
M.R. Gott, Where The Dead Fear to Tread|I went for the door and opened it, not wanting to see how much this corpse was willing to destroy to get into my bedroom. His body probably would’ve crumbled to pieces before he got in, and I had no clue how to get dead guy out of the carpet.
Joel N. Ross, The Lost Compass|Well, the bad news,” Swedish said from the wheel, “is that Chess still thinks he’s funny.” “What’s the good news?” Loretta asked, leaning on our little copper-tubed harpoon. “That Kodoc dropped a bomb on the city?
Sarah Dessen|One of my first paid gigs was writing psychology quizzes for 'YM,' a monthly teen magazine like 'Seventeen.'
Stephen King, Lisey's Story|Some things you never forgot. She had come to believe that the very things the practical world dismissed as ephemera—things like songs and moonlight and kisses—were sometimes the things that lasted the longest. They might be foolish, but they defied forgetting. And that was good. That was good.
Raymond Dean White, After the Dying Time|You can keep your paper promisesand all your worldly treasures.But you cannot buy peace of mindor escape from the headstone garden.Lyrics from "Headstone Garden" by the Troubled Land Band at the Independence Day celebration 12 years after the impact that destroyed civilization.
Ichigo Takano, Orange: The Complete Collection, Vol. 1|Don't make someone burn, and then try to douse the flames with the things you should have done. Those regrets are gasoline not water.
Cynthia Sue Larson, Reality Shifts: When Consciousness Changes the Physical World|What we wish for, dream and imagine is the very framework and foundation of everything we create
Jacqueline Koyanagi, Ascension|Waldo inhaled deeply, staring at the ceiling. It was at times like this that he was at his worst. His mind, while indecisive, was also capable of producing the most detailed, fantastic daydreams imaginable, and with the mysterious disappearance of his grandfather as fodder, his speculations grew even more intense and far-fetched than usual. On the other hand, the logical part of his brain, underdeveloped as it was, went almost entirely untapped in such a situation. Waldo was literally frozen into inaction by his chemical makeup, and this was apparent in the number of cigarettes he lit, the number of sighs he expelled, and the number of times his helpless fingers alternated between nervously tapping the coffee table and running through his unkempt hair. All that night, Waldo remained awake, deep in unproductive thought, routinely walking back and forth from the living room to the front porch, where he would take a seat in the old-fashioned swing and smoke heavily. The blissful suburban setting, especially on spring nights like this, when the crickets chirped so lustily, and the porch swing creaked so reassuringly in the warm breeze, was perfect for conjuring up bold new fantasies.
Chris Dee, World's Finest: Red Cape, Big City|Magic. It was worse than feline logic. Leave it to magic to re-fracture and re-herniate his vertebrae in the middle of a battle. A powerful sigh forced itself through the controlled exhale of his Ki breathing, decimating the thin slow line of smoke curling up from the incense. It reformed itself a moment later, right before Bruce’s eyes, and he glared at it with Batman’s most malevolent stare. What a metaphor. A few seconds’ disruption and all was set right again. That was magic’s attitude. No harm done. As if it was as simple as a few seconds’ paralysis.
Helen Keller|I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Don't trust children with edge tools. Don't trust man, great God, with more power than he has until he has learned to use that little better. What a hell we should make of the world if we could do what we would!
Gary Keller, The One Thing: The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results|Maybe real-life Mom didn't vacuum the house flawlessly arrayed in pearls and a pleated shirt like the mother on leave it to beaver. Maybe she flirted with the milkman or waited for the kids to go to bed so she could hammer back a couple of mugs of vodka pretending it was tea. But she was there to greet us when we came home from school in the afternoon. She made us dinner, kept watch on us through the kitchen window, put Band-Aids on our scrapes and bruises. She was Mom and that was no small thing.
Lori Lesko, Copyright|Let me know if you're in any pain, we're going through your groin with a tiny tube up to your heart." Doctor Casey said."Really, that's how my girlfriend does it. Only she doesn't have to medicate me first.
Viola Di Grado, Hollow Heart|Try and make them understand that while artists can recycle their suffering in their art, I didn't know what to do with mine.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|Success-minded people tend to be successful, confident, and friendly because they act successful, confident and friendly. People feel comfortable around positive people because positive people feel comfortable with themselves.
Annie Cosby, Learning to Swim|IN MY DEFENSE, I didn’t mean to start the Apocalypse. It wasn’t just my personal aversion to oblivion; I had a clear financial motive: The end of the world is bad for business.
Sam Hunt|I want to support kids that not a lot of people believe in. Give them an opportunity to do good in school, play sports and get scholarships.
Charles Bradlaugh|I felt like praying or something, when I was in bed, but I couldn't do it. I can't always pray when I feel like it. In the first place, I'm sort of an atheist. I like Jesus and all, but I don't care too much for most of the other stuff in the Bible. Take the Disciples, for instance. They annoy the hell out of me, if you want to know the truth. They were all right after Jesus was dead and all, but while He was alive, they were about as much use to Him as a hole in the head. All they did was keep letting Him down.
Sanhita Baruah|I knelt in front of life, folded my hands and prayed for some more time; there couldn't be any. My heart bled and so did my tearful eyes.Time, they say, flies, but I saw it slowly passing by taking each of my tardy breaths with it as it walked out of my life...
C.S. O'Kelly|For all the girls in all the worlds.May you feel strength with your first breath,realize your unlimited potential for greatness on your second, and follow your dreams on your third.
Raymond Carver|Happiness. It comes onunexpectedly. And goes beyond, really,any early morning talk about it.
Andrei Tarkovsky, Sculpting in Time|I shall be as willing as the next man to fall down in worship before the System, if only I can manage to set eyes on it. Hitherto I have had no success; and though I have young legs, I am almost weary from running back and forth... Once or twice I have been on the verge of bending the knee. But at the last moment, when I already had my handkerchief spread on the ground, to avoid soiling my trousers, and I made a trusting appeal to one of the initiated who stood by: "Tell me now sincerely, is it entirely finished; for if so I will kneel down before it, even at the risk of ruining a pair of trousers (for on account of the heavy traffic to and from the system, the road has become quite muddy)," - I always receive the same answer: "No, it is not yet quite finished." And so there was another postponement - of the system, and of my homage. System and finality are pretty much one and the same, so much so that if the system is not finished, there is no system.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|The law, and society, and religion all said it was impossible to be sane, healthy, and kill yourself. Perhaps those authorities feared that the suicide‟s reasoning might impugn the nature and value of life as organised by thePage | 49 .state which paid the coroner? And then, since you had been declared temporarily mad, your reasons for killing yourself were also assumed to be mad. So I doubt anyone paid much attention to Adrian‟s argument, with its references to philosophers ancient and modern, about the superiority of the intervening act over the unworthy passivity of merely letting life happen to you.
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|She hated him – she hated everything he stood for. But when they said hate is akin to love they were certainly right. Because she needed him with every fibre of her being. And hard as it was to admit it, that need was only part of what she felt for him. The whole was love – a love which recognised how wrong he was for her, but still clung to him. To everything about him.
Orrin Woodward|History can teach us so much, and yet we seem to learns so little.
Stacy Snapp-Killian aka StacyK|The Book of Life was created as a tool for humans to use to grow in wisdom, knowledge, and power.
