Aleksandra Ninkovic, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you. It's been a while since I could remember any of my dreams, and still, this one has left me with such strong impression. Even now, when I am fully awake, your face flashes before my eyes. It's a face I can totally relate to, as if it wasn't any more yours than it is mine. Terrifying thing, you know? I can't say I've felt that sort of intimacy with anyone. For a moment you knew all my secrets, without me even having to tell them. For a moment I even knew them myself…While I was looking into your eyes, I suddenly started to realize things about myself that were unspoken for years, like fragments of my inner life that were deeply repressed. It’s hard to distinguish if they were buried inside because dealing with them was such a dirty work, or if leaving them unnamed meant that it was not possible to define them precisely enough, so they would keep their true meaning. Perhaps, all this life that I've known so far was in fact no more but a dream about living. The only thing that has kept me in touch with reality was you…I know it comes as a surprise, and you may be wondering why it took me so long to come clean. You also may be wondering how come you've never noticed before. I've tricked you on purpose, yes, and you must realize it really has nothing to do with you. It’s always been me. This is why, seeing you in my dream like that, came out as a shock. You also must forgive me. You must forgive me because I know how it looks like, that everything we ever shared was a lie, and it wasn't…I am more of an illusionist that a deceiver, but it all comes from being in fact, a very private person. Even if it was true that you knew me better than anyone, I’d never admit it. I’d rather dig my own heart out, with a rotten spoon, than admitting it. I may let people in my own little world occasionally, but I would never let them be aware of it. I don’t throw my intimacy in front of others, especially when I care. The more I care, the less I give away, and this is something for you to understand, and grant me your forgiveness. I didn't play my tricks on you in order to deceive you, but rather to save myself, and maybe even deceive myself as well. I’ve had hidden my feelings for you so deeply that I've learned to live with them, as if any other casualty. I have done wrong to myself as much as I did to you, and I don’t know if I can forgive myself. So now I wonder, could you forgive me without feeling sorry for me? I certainly don’t deserve your pity. Especially not now that I am awake.
Euginia Herlihy|You cannot define success and do that exceptionally well without a mention of "gratitude".
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Every character in a story, I thought when I had folded up the phone, has both a purpose and a secret purpose.
Gary Sinise|It's so interesting that the romantic side of my life comes from my father, who I really didn't even know that well.
George Gissing|Withstanding the cold develops vigor for the relaxing days of spring and summer. Besides, in this matter as in many others, it is evident that nature abhors a quitter.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|In the end, like so many beautiful promises in our lives, that dinner date never came to be.
Laure Lacornette|For all I see, humanity is lost. It's devastatingly sad.
Cecelia Ahern, Love, Rosie|FatherMichael has entered the room Wildflower: Ah don’t tell me you’re through a divorce yourself Father? SureOne: Don’t be silly Wildflower, have a bit of respect! He’s here for the ceremony. Wildflower: I know that. I was just trying to lighten the atmosphere. FatherMichael: So have the loving couple arrived yet? SureOne: No but it’s customary for the bride to be late. FatherMichael: Well is the groom here? SingleSam has entered the room Wildflower: Here he is now. Hello there SingleSam. I think this is the first time ever that both the bride and groom will have to change their names. SingleSam: Hello all. Buttercup: Where’s the bride? LonelyLady: Probably fixing her makeup. Wildflower: Oh don’t be silly. No one can even see her. LonelyLady: SingleSam can see her. SureOne: She’s not doing her makeup; she’s supposed to keep the groom waiting. SingleSam: No she’s right here on the laptop beside me. She’s just having problems with her password logging in. SureOne: Doomed from the start.Divorced_1 has entered the roomWildflower: Wahoo! Here comes the bride, all dressed in . . . SingleSam: Black. Wildflower: How charming. Buttercup: She’s right to wear black. Divorced_1: What’s wrong with misery guts today? LonelyLady: She found a letter from Alex that was written 12 years ago proclaiming his love for her and she doesn’t know what to do. Divorced_1: Here’s a word of advice. Get over it, he’s married. Now let’s focus the attention on me for a change. SoOverHim has entered the room FatherMichael: OK let’s begin. We are gathered here online today to witness the marriage of SingleSam (soon to be “Sam”) and Divorced_1 (soon to be “Married_1”). SoOverHim: WHAT?? WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE? THIS IS A MARRIAGE CEREMONY IN A DIVORCED PEOPLE CHAT ROOM?? Wildflower: Uh-oh, looks like we got ourselves a gate crasher here. Excuse me can we see your wedding invite please? Divorced_1: Ha ha.SoOverHim: YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY? YOU PEOPLE MAKE ME SICK, COMING IN HERE AND TRYING TO UPSET OTHERS WHO ARE GENUINELY TROUBLED. Buttercup: Oh we are genuinely troubled alright. And could you please STOP SHOUTING. LonelyLady: You see SoOverHim, this is where SingleSam and Divorced_1 met for the first time. SoOverHim: OH I HAVE SEEN IT ALL NOW! Buttercup: Sshh! SoOverHim: Sorry. Mind if I stick around? Divorced_1: Sure grab a pew; just don’t trip over my train. Wildflower: Ha ha. FatherMichael: OK we should get on with this; I don’t want to be late for my 2 o’clock. First I have to ask, is there anyone in here who thinks there is any reason why these two should not be married? LonelyLady: Yes. SureOne: I could give more than one reason.Buttercup: Hell yes. SoOverHim: DON’T DO IT! FatherMichael: Well I’m afraid this has put me in a very tricky predicament. Divorced_1: Father we are in a divorced chat room, of course they all object to marriage. Can we get on with it? FatherMichael: Certainly. Do you Sam take Penelope to be your lawful wedded wife? SingleSam: I do. FatherMichael: Do you Penelope take Sam to be your lawful wedded husband? Divorced_1: I do (yeah, yeah my name is Penelope). FatherMichael: You have already e-mailed your vows to me so by the online power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride. Now if the witnesses could click on the icon to the right of the screen they will find a form to type their names, addresses, and phone numbers. Once that’s filled in just e-mail it off to me. I’ll be off now. Congratulations again. FatherMichael has left the room Wildflower: Congrats Sam and Penelope! Divorced_1: Thanks girls for being here. SoOverHim: Freaks. SoOverHim has left the room
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I won't let you go! I love you, Dog!''There will be other dogs and friends, and loves' whispered the Dog. 'You have found your family, your heritage, and you have earned a high place in the world. I love you too, but my time with you has passed.
Akshay Vasu|The water in the pond inside my heart doesn't shine anymore. It has turned dark. Every ghost from my mind breaks all the barriers and take a dip there, making it darker. and every time it happens, my soul in the pond cries with pain.
AVA., you are safe here.|hold company with yourself so sacredthat even when you are alone,you are whole.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|The question is frequently asked: Why does a man become a drug addict?The answer is that he usually does not intend to become an addict. You don’t wake up one morning and decide to be a drug addict. It takes at least three months’ shooting twice a day to get any habit at all. And you don’t really know what junk sickness is until you have had several habits. It took me almost six months to get my first habit, and then the withdrawal symptoms were mild. I think it no exaggeration to say it takes about a year and several hundred injections to make an addict.The questions, of course, could be asked: Why did you ever try narcotics? Why did you continue using it long enough to become an addict? You become a narcotics addict because you do not have strong motivations in the other direction. Junk wins by default. I tried it as a matter of curiosity. I drifted along taking shots when I could score. I ended up hooked. Most addicts I have talked to report a similar experience. They did not start using drugs for any reason they can remember. They just drifted along until they got hooked. If you have never been addicted, you can have no clear idea what it means to need junk with the addict’s special need. You don’t decide to be an addict. One morning you wake up sick and you’re an addict. (Junky, Prologue, p. xxxviii)
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|forest paths – flat labyrinths – and gentle plains invite the walker’s body to softness, to languor. And memories arise like eddying mists. The air is more bracing with Nietzsche, and above all sharp, transparent. The thought is trenchant, the body wide awake, trembling.
Michael Benanav, Men of Salt: Crossing the Sahara on the Caravan of White Gold|Camels can go many weeks without drinking anything at all. The notion that they cache water in their humps is pure myth—their humps are made of fat, and water is stored in their body tissues. While other mammals draw water from bloodstreams when faced with dehydration, leading to death by volume shock, camels tap the water in their tissues, keeping their blood volume stable. Though this reduces the camel’s bulk, they can lose up to a third of their body weight with no ill effects, which they can replace astonishingly quickly, as they are able to drink up to forty gallons in a single watering.” (pp.69-70)
Samuel Beckett, Murphy|Somewhere along the way, Capitalism reduced the idea of justice to mean just "human rights," and the idea of dreaming of equality became blasphemous. We are not fighting to tinker with reforming a system that needs to be replaced.
Kim Rhodes|My mom didn't ever think I would take to acting because I was a very shy, very reserved kind of child. But obviously, something changed!
John Lasseter|I had a huge Indian wedding, and I did it for my wife, and I did it for my white friends.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions ... Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.
Jyotiraditya Madhavrao Scindia|I think people are transient. Back in the early church, there was a 'stick and stay' mentality. In this day and time, people have a fast food mentality of ministry. If it doesn't fit them or if it doesn't fit in their schedule, they'll move on to something else. That's a norm in today's time.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|A writer who can’t use his firsthand experience must turn to secondhand experience, which can lead to thirdhand clichés.
Scott Snyder, American Vampire, Vol. 2|He made a small sigh, as he swallowed the first blood, then his mouth closed over my earlobe, mouth working at the wound, tongue coaxing blood from the wound. He pressed his body the length of mine, one hand cupping my turned head, the other playing down the line of my body. Maybe it was just blood, but I never stroked my steak while eating it.
Anne Mallory, One Night Is Never Enough|Secrets were never good. They were supposed to protect people, but they never did. They always made things worse.
A.J. Flowers, Fallen to Grace|While his body was left behind, his soul soared into the heavens. He did not pause at Celestia’s gates. No, that was not the true Celestial realm. Even as it floated among the skies and hosted its angelic ward, it was nothing more than a city. The place the Hallowed sought was beyond such petty creatures. He did not give it another passing glance as he ascended.
Tariq Ramadan, What I Believe|The 'fires'n that produce thick, rarely innocent, often strategic smoke should therefore be scrutinized. they should be known and identified; and when they involve dishonesty, lies, or manipulation, they they should be ignored.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|God is love," she said. "And he respects love, whether it's between a parents, and child, a man and woman, or friends. I don't think he cares about religion one little bit. Live your life right. Love with all your heart. Don't hurt others, and help those in need. That is all you need to know. And don't worry about heaven. If it exists, you'll be welcome.
Jessica Lemmon, If You Dare|Because she did love him, and not from afar, not with the moony dreaminess she’d used as a crutch for so many years, but with a deep, aching tenderness she felt might just kill her.
Stephen King|You've got to know what you want. This is central to acting on your intentions. When you know what you want, you realize that all there is left then is time management. You'll manage your time to achieve your goals because you clearly know what you're trying to achieve in your life.
Debasish Mridha|Forget and forgive your past. Focus on your future, but never forget to act at the present moment.
Tom Robbins, Another Roadside Attraction|This book is dedicated to the people of America--strong, outspoken, intense in their convictions, sometimes wrong-headed but always generous and brave, with a passion for justice no nation has ever matched.
Ace Antonio Hall|Aboriginal Okinawan Karate was traditionally taught in modest home Dojos, in small informal groups (sole purpose of teachings revolved around life preservation), in A closely tied supportive environment; unlike main island modern Japanese version with rivalry and competition, instructed in large groups belonging to even larger organizations with pseudo-militaristic hierarchy
A.R. Kahler|Defeat, if you survive it, should mean time for reflection.
Josh Fox|The main environmental challenge of the 21st century is poverty. When you don't know where your next meal is coming from, it's hard to consider the environment 100 years down the line.
Samanthe Beck, Private Practice|Since he couldn't give in to what he really wanted from Kady Dresco, he picked on her and snarked at her and genreally gave her grief. And she gave it right back. Sometimes he thought they were engaged in one long round of mental foreplay.
Anamika Mishra|Your inner voice is your signboard, follow it
Alexander Chee, The Queen of the Night|I mean, sometimes I wonder why God would grant a favor if trouble's just waiting around the corner? It feels disingenuous. If it's fate, then it's written in the stars, and we can't do much to avoid it.
Margaret Thatcher|Instead of being critical of people in authority over you and envious of their position, be happy you're not responsible for everything they have to do. Instead of piling on complaints, thank them for what they do. Overwhelm them with encouragement and appreciation!
Alanis Morissette|We have to judge politicians by their cumulative score. In one innings they make a great catch, in another they drop the ball. In one they score a home run, in another they strike out. But it is their cumulative batting average that we are interested in.
A.R. Ammons, Sphere: The Form of a Motion|Things go away to return, brightened for the passage
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|I've managed to bring the backlog down to a mere sixty-eight years," she announced with some small sense of achievement. "I hope to be able to start marking the papers of pupils who are still alive by the end of the decade.
Kingsley Amis, Difficulties with Girls|Then, Patrick, you do feel it too? You do feel ... something? It would be so bleak if you felt nothing. That's what scares women, you know.''I do know, and you needn't be scared. I feel something all right.''Promise me you'll always treat me as a person.''I promise.''Promises are so easily given.''I'll fulfill this one. Let me show you.'After a shaky start he was comfortably in the swing of it, having recognised he was on familiar ground after all. Experience had brought him to see that this kind of thing was nothing more than the levying of cock-tax, was reasonable and normal, in fact, even though some other parts of experience strongly suggested that what he had shelled out so far was only a down payment.
Sara  Humphreys, Vampire Trouble|Maya wrapped one leg around him, writhing against him as she threaded her fingers through his hair and held him to her, urging him on."Never stop touching me that way," Maya rasped.
Ashim Shanker, Sinew of the Social Species|He remembered a version of himself untrammeled by expectation, unimpeded by Ego. He had suffered in the many years since then, seeking to return to that original self, if, in fact, it ever existed. And yet, he was helpless but to regard that unmistakable fear that gripped him in his dream as a sign that his unevenness lent him now to utter incongruity with this specter of past.
Oliver Neubert, The Flyers|I love to walk through snow, to climb mountains, to smell the fresh air and I love to dream about flying. Soaring through the air, watching the earth from above, feeling the wind in my face and touching the clouds would be an amazing experience.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|It gave her a sudden sense that it was now her turn to grow old, to find the world changing, sliding away from the old ways of being and behaving, so that you were gradually a stranger to the place you lived in. The woman priest with jogging clothes and a BlackBerry gave Mary a glimpse of what life must have been like for her mother as she grew older.
Paul Biya|The highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard every day, that I never dog it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The effects of loss are acute, and unique to each individual. Not everyone mourns in the same way, but everyone mourns.
Sandeep Sahajpal|You are constantly becoming what you have been deserving to be, and if you do not like the scripting, you have all the means to change it for better.
Anne Lamott, Crooked Little Heart|I've given guys blow jobs just because I've run out of things to talk about.'Oh, Rae. Who hasn't
Geetansha Sood|I’ve never been so clear about anything in my life. I turned around, made my way to that room you were in, and there you were. Nothing else mattered. I didn’t even know if we would make it out or not, I just wanted to be where you were, whatever that meant. The only thing I’m afraid of is a life without you, Pigeon.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Arleen’s children did not always have a home. They did not always have food. Arleen was not always able to offer them stability; stability cost too much. She was not always able to protect them from dangerous streets; those streets were her streets. Arleen sacrificed for her boys, fed them as best she could, clothed them with what she had. But when they wanted more than she could give, she had ways, some subtle, others not, of telling them they didn’t deserve it.
Augustus Toplady|And though he had almost flunked in Greek, his thesis on 'Sixteen Ways of Paying a Church Debt' had won the ten-dollar prize in Practical Theology.
Lloyd Alexander, The High King|A shade of sorrow passed over Taliesin's face. 'There are those,' he said gently, 'who must first learn loss, despair, and grief. Of all paths to wisdom, this is the cruelest and longest. Are you one who must follow such a way? This even I cannot know. If you are, take heart nonetheless. Those who reach the end do more than gain wisdom. As rough wool becomes cloth, and crude clay a vessel, so do they change and fashion wisdom for others, and what they give back is greater than what they won.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|I'd seen glimpses of a different me. It was a different me because in those increments of time I thought I actually became a winner.The truth, however, is painful.It was a truth that told me with a scratching internal brutality that I was me, and that winning wan't natural for me. It had to be fought for, in the echoes and trodden footprints of my mind. In a way, I had to scavenge for moments of alrightness.
Vivek Thangaswamy|Every problem has a solution. You may not see it in front of you, but, sooner or later, a solution will appear before your eyes.
Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win|Used to be hewas my heart's desire.His forthright gaze,his expert hands:I'd lie on the couch with my eyesclosed just thinking about it.Never about the factthat everything changes,that even this,my best passion,would not be immune.No, I would bask on in aneternal daydream of the handsfinding me, the gaze like a windingstair coaxing me down. . . .Until I caught a glimpseof something in the mirror:silly girl in her lingerie,dancing with the furniture--a hot little bundle, flush withcliches. Into that pairof too-bright eyes I lookedand saw myself. And something
T.L. Rese|To live is to travel, on a voyage more epic than the odysseys of myth - not from place to place, but through the poignant strangeness of time.
Darnell Lamont Walker|We are quiet, contemplative people, and our behaviour in the field is relatively aristocratic. Running is not necessarily beneath our dignity but it is in any case pointless because the flies move much too fast. Consequencly, we stand still, as if on guard, and moreover almost exclusively in blazing sunshine, little breeze and fragrant flowers. Passersby can therefore easily get the impression that the fly hunter is a convalescent of some kind, momentarily lost in meditation. This is not wholly inaccurate.
Thomas Narofsky, F(X) Leadership Unleashed!|Leadership begins inside of you. Leadership is about you, the people you influence and a belief that you can make a difference and have an impact. Leadership starts with a condition of the heart – the desire and passion to make a difference before it moves to the brain to implement a plan to make a difference. It is an inside-out process and is shaped by your values, character, choices, opportunities, experiences and your worldview
Ruth Rendell|On a bike, being just slightly above pedestrian and car eye level, one gets a perfect view of the goings-on in one's own town.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|In Japanese swordsmanship, it is not uncommon to speak of a unity of mind, body, and sword.
John Banville, The Sea|I had never liked, even feared a little, this wild reach of marsh and mud flats where everything seemed turned away from the land, looking off desperately toward the horizon as if in mute search for a sign of rescue.
Emma Wildes, Our Wicked Mistake|If you want to make God laugh, tell Him your plans...
Standbyme, Twist and Shout|I love you in my bed at night, and when I wake up, and I love hearing you sing, and I love telling you to stop bothering me, and I love walking to Van’s noodle house with you, and I love you – I love you, so promise you’ll be like the ocean and come back to me, even when they pull you away. Always come back to me.
Evangeline Lilly|I eat healthy and don't go by a diet chart. The breakfast is usually heavy, complemented with short frequent meals. My dinner is high on proteins and low on carbohydrates.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Bite me, Goth princess,” Shane called from the back. “Not literally or anything.”“Maybe you should say that to Michael.”“Not funny, Eve,” Michael said.Eve raised her eyebrows and held her fingers up, measuring off about an inch. “Little bit,” she said.
Leo Tolstoy|Seize the moments of happiness, Love and be Loved!That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly!
Jonathon Scott Payne, Mighty Little Man: My Story, His Story, Our Story|Sophronia and Dimity took a vacant love seat at the front, Sophronia dislodging a large, fluffy cat with a scrunched-up face. The cat gave her a disgusted look. Or seemed to; it was hard to tell with that face.
Ernestine Rose|Rock and menopause do not mix. It is not good, it sucks and every day I fight it to the death, or, at the very least, not let it take me over.
M.F. Moonzajer|It will take centuries to disconnect people from an addiction like religion; no matter how bad and disastrous it could be, but addiction is the worst of all.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Being the Magician isn't about being powerful when you have things and useless when you don't," Persephone said."The Magician sees what is out there and finds connections. The Magician can make anything magical.
Mark Frost, The Paladin Prophecy|Dude, you're scaring the crap out of me,' said Nick. 'I'm serious, I literally have no crap right now.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|I think there might be a better way,change the law
Victor Hugo|Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|That's the law, son. But you were never much of a one for following the law.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The mother is the child's first relationship, his whole world, his existence. If there is love in the relationship between the child and the mother, the child learns to trust himself, to trust others and to trust life. If there is no love in the relationship between the mother and the child, the child learns to distrust himself, to distrust others and to distrust life.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|A love for his child was so profound, it spilled over to all humanity.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you pray for thy neighbour, you sow a seed of love in thy heart.
Kresley Cole, Pleasure of a Dark Prince|You've maddened me for you...have changed everything. So, I'm going to f*ck you long and hard, beauty, because if I'm to be enslaved by you-I want to be your master as well. 
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|UNDIVIDEDI am for One world undivided. One world without fear and corruption. One world ruled by Truth and Justice. I am forOne peaceful world for all,Where hate has been overcome by love,And everyone is guided only By their conscience.
Abraham Lincoln|In this sad world of ours, sorrow comes to all; and, to the young, it comes with bitterest agony, because it takes them unawares. The older have learned to ever expect it. I am anxious to afford some alleviation of your present distress. Perfect relief is not possible, except with time. You can not now realize that you will ever feel better. Is not this so? And yet it is a mistake. You are sure to be happy again. To know this, which is certainly true, will make you some less miserable now. I have had experience enough to know what I say; and you need only to believe it, to feel better at once.
Katie Reus, Saved by Darkness|She was his life, his everything.
Thomas Paine|It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry.
Timothy Simons|I think we take it for granted that if you are with your husband after 30 years, then he is the love of your life.
Rowan Williams|As long as we set up equality, we'll go in the right direction.
Heather Paxson, The Life of Cheese: Crafting Food and Value in America|What then is the relation of law to morality? Law cannot prescribe morality, it can prescribe only external actions and therefore it should prescribe only those actions whose mere fulfillment, from whatever motive, the state adjudges to be conducive to welfare. What actions are these? Obviously such actions as promote the physical and social conditions requisite for the expression and development of free—or moral—personality.... Law does not and cannot cover all the ground of morality. To turn all moral obligations into legal obligations would be to destroy morality. Happily it is impossible. No code of law can envisage the myriad changing situations that determine moral obligations. Moreover, there must be one legal code for all, but moral codes vary as much as the individual characters of which they are the expression. To legislate against the moral codes of one’s fellows is a very grave act, requiring for its justification the most indubitable and universally admitted of social gains, for it is to steal their moral codes, to suppress their characters.
Randy Hain, Journey to Heaven: A Road Map for Catholic Men|My brothers, we have a special and distinct role as Christian men, fathers, husbands, and leaders in the family, in the Church, and in society at large. If we don’t step up, we run the risk of seeing our families overrun and absorbed by the surrounding culture. This is not acceptable. Start with prayer. Be faithful, be consistent, have courage, show humility, and remember . . . we are made for a heavenly home and not this world.
Deborah L. McCarragher, Mission Possible Spiritual Covering|Hope is putting Faith "on the line" and expecting results!(from Mission Possible - Spiritual Covering)
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|As we change, our writing changes too. You cannot write the same poem twice. And that's a good thing.
Domhnall Gleeson|True, we love life, not because we are used to living, but because we are used to loving. There is always some madness in love, but there is also always some reason in madness.
Neel Burton, Heaven and Hell: The Psychology of the Emotions|Solitude, the joy of being alone, stems from, as well as promotes, a state of maturity and inner richness.
Charles de Gaulle|The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|If u are tree, i'll be your shadow,If you free, i'll be your hobbie,If you fly,i'll be your wings,If you cry,i'll be your tears,If you are high,i'll be Your wine,If you are mad,I'll be You Love,If You are Life,I'll Be your Soul!OctavE
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Gratitude is the best food to start and sustain you. Hankering creates hunger, unhappiness, bellyache, headache and heartache - and often leaves a bitter taste
Debasish Mridha|Dreaming is good, but actions are better. Actions are what transform dreams into reality.
Sara Gruen|It is a condition of monsters that they do not perceive themselves as such. The dragon, you know, hunkered in the village devouring maidens, heard the townsfolk cry ‘Monster!’ and looked behind him
Mary Renault|Speaking of trust, ever since I wrote this book, 'Liespotting,' no one wants to meet me in person anymore - no, no, no, no, no. They say, 'It's okay. We'll email you.' I can't even get a coffee date at Starbucks. My husband's like, 'Honey, deception? Maybe you could have focused on cooking. How about French cooking?'
SL Hulen, Misplaced|I do not like think of them as dead, just alive in another time, they are alive in that time just as we are in this time."- Rose
Louis Farrakhan|If the individual, or heretic, gets hold of some essential truth, or sees some error in the system being practiced, he commits so many marginal errors himself that he is worn out before he can establish his point.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Being married or being in a close relationship is not based on how quickly you can get offended but on how you are ready to drop the offences, get over it and move ahead.
Steven Erikson, Toll the Hounds|Gather close, and let us speak of nasty little shits. Oh, come now, we are no strangers to the vicious demons in placid disguises, innocent eyes so wide, hidden minds so dark. Does evil exist? Is it a force, some deadly possession that slips into the unwary? Is it a thing separate and thus subject to accusation and blame, distinct from the one it has used? Does it flit from soul to soul, weaving its diabolical scheme in all the unseen places, snarling into knots tremulous fears and appalling opportunity, stark terrors and brutal self-interest? Or is the dread word nothing more than a quaint and oh so convenient encapsulation of all those traits distinctly lacking moral context, a sweeping generalization embracing all things depraved and breath takingly cruel, a word to define that peculiar glint in the eye—the voyeur to one’s own delivery of horror, of pain and anguish and impossible grief?Give the demon crimson scales, slashing talons. Tentacles and dripping poison. Three eyes and six slithering tongues. As it crouches there in the soul, its latest abode in an eternal succession of abodes, may every god kneel in prayer.But really. Evil is nothing but a word, an objectification where no objectification is necessary. Cast aside this notion of some external agency as the source of inconceivable inhumanity—the sad truth is our possession of an innate proclivity towards indifference, towards deliberate denial of mercy, towards disengaging all that is moral within us.But if that is too dire, let’s call it evil. And paint it with fire and venom.There are extremities of behaviour that seem, at the time, perfectly natural, indeed reasonable. They are arrived at suddenly, or so it might seem, but if one looks the progression reveals itself, step by step, and that is a most sad truth.
Maxwell Perkins|In general, shorter is better. If you can encapsulate your idea into a single captivating sentence, you're halfway home.
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|The assumption that being gay or black necessarily harms the self-worth of all who fit this category has a patronizing dimension, because it neglects consideration of the agency that persons exercise in respect of imposed identity.
Kate Moss|Our kids will never have to remember things, because it's all in pictures. Want to remember your fourth birthday? There'll be video of it on your phone.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|What if we promoted, like, Adidas shoes?’ Percy wondered. ‘Would that make Nike mad enough to show up?'Leo smiled nervously. Maybe he and Percy did share something else – a stupid sense of humour.‘Yeah, I bet that would totally be against her sponsorship deal. THOSE ARE NOT THE OFFICIAL SHOES OF THE OLYMPICS! YOU WILL DIE NOW!
Albert Camus, The Plague|Are you an optimist or a pessimist?" "I can't remember. Which?" "Do you know what those words mean?" "Not really." "An optimist is positive and hopeful. A pessimist is negative and cynical." "I'm an optimist." "Well, that's good, because there’s no irrefutable evidence. There’s nothing that could convince someone who doesn’t want to be convinced. But there is an abundance of clues that would give the wanting believer something to hold on to.
H.P. Lovecraft|Until you really loving, kind, caring, and compassionate, happiness will be an illusion to you.
Frank Wanderer|And one of my firmest conclusions is that we always think by seeking and drawing parallels to things we know from our past, and that we therefore communicate best when we exploit examples, analogies, and metaphors galore, when we avoid abstract generalities, when we use very down-to-earth, concrete, and simple language, and when we talk directly about our own experience.
Aristotle|The ideal man, takes joy in doing favours for others; but he feels ashamed to have others do favours for him. For it is a mark of superiority to confer a kindness; but it is a mark of inferiority to receive it.
Terry Pratchett, Maskerade|(About sweeping)....What he was in FACT doing was moving the dirt around with a broom, to give it a change of scenery and a chance to make new friends.
Maya Angelou|In one week, I went from being a girl who owed a guy thousands of dollars - my manager Anthony was paying for my outfits, paying for my food; I was sleeping in his parents' basement - to taking meetings with every major label in America. The next morning, I had a record deal and wrote him a cheque to pay back all that money.
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|Gwydion stood as a wolf at bay, his green eyes glittering, his teeth bared.
C. Sean McGee, Ineffable|I once spent a weekend on Earth,With two men (of science; and god)One man convinced me I did not exist,And the other that I was a fraud.In both men I saw the same reason,In bothmen i saw the same light,So I left for another dimension,Assuming that both men were right."- The AlienFrom the novel 'Ineffable
|Thoughts eat me creepy words crush my head.. I hear them talk,they scream and howl for each other.. Weeping souls longing trapped in a cage full time.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|He took the necklace out of the box and carefully fastened it around her neck. Just like he'd imagined himself doing when he bought it. That might even be why he bought it - so he'd have this moment, under her hair. He ran his fingertips along the chain and settled the pendant on her throat.
Robert  Black|I have a question for you, but it’s kind of...um, personal.” “Yes, I’m gay.” “You really are a fan of saying that, aren’t you?” “Once you start, you just can’t stop.
David Souter|I am a social democrat - I believe in pursuing greater equality and tackling social justice - but... you can't do that unless you have got a strong economy, unless you have got a vibrant business base earning the wealth that makes that possible.
Diana Gabaldon, Voyager|He waved to me to be quiet, as if I were annoying background noise. "Look, whatever your name is..."Benvolio Montague."Right. Look, Benvolio, why don't we go outside and get a taxi? My label has a New York office. We can go there and get you a money order or something." He smile, thinking himself clever. "Come on, what do you say?"Benvolio raised an eyebrow. "I am begining to believe that you are insane.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|To educate the peasantry, three things are needed: schools, schools and schools.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Drake’s dead,” Astrid said. “Dead people don’t come back. Let’s not be ridiculous.”Howard made a derisive snort. “Okay. That’s as far as I go with you on this, Sammy boy.” He made a hand-washing gesture.Astrid slammed her palm on the table, surprising even herself. “Somebody better tell me what all these back-and-forth looks are about.”“Brittney,” Howard said, spitting the name out like it was poison. “She came back. Sam had her and stuck her with Brianna, and told me not to talk about it.”“Brittney?” Astrid said, confused.Howard said, “Yeah. You know, like dead-girl Brittney? Way dead? Dead a long time and buried a long time and suddenly she’s sitting in my house chatting? That Brittney.”“I’m still not…”“Well, Astrid,” Howard said, “I guess we just found the limits of your big old genius brain. Point is that someone who was very seriously dead is suddenly not so dead anymore.”“But…,” Astrid started. “But Drake…”“As dead as Brittney,” Howard said. “Which might be a slight problem, since Brittney isn’t exactly dead herself.
Gwenn Wright, Katherine's Journal|Even then his thoughts did not turn to prayer but to Abbie and to what she would think about his lack of prayerfulness and that surely she would have immediately broken out in prayer. “Doesn’t matter now,” he whispered and felt that he could not cry out to God.~William Drexler the Third
Jill Telford|Yesterday I smiled, tomorrow never came and today is what I'm living.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|An Unbreakable Vow?" said Ron, looking stunned. "Nah, he can’t have.... Are you sure?""Yes I’m sure," said Harry. "Why, what does it mean?""Well, you can’t break an Unbreakable Vow...""I’d worked that much out for myself, funnily enough.
Tom Robbins|We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
K. Weikel, Building Monsters|I'm changing and I'm terrified of how weak I feel, how vulnerable my flesh and soul has become because of this girl.
Kelly Oram, Being Jamie Baker|Try it again," I said. "Kiss me.""No," he said."Kis
Chloe Gadsby-Jones|The most important thing is not to let fundraising get you down. Startups live or die on morale. If you let the difficulty of raising money destroy your morale, it will become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|She lends her pen,to thoughts of him,that flow from it,in her solitary.For she is his poet,And he is her poetry.
Solange Knowles|If I say I've got two versions of Word - that old one from 1982 that's perfect, with zero defects; or the new one that's got all this cool new stuff, but there might be a few bugs in it - people always want the new one. But I wouldn't want them to operate a plane I was on with software that happened to be the latest greatest release!
Roddy Doyle|Schools don't really allow failure and yet it's part of any endeavour, not just writing.
Suzanne Collins|For a great many years, as a soldier, I had a suspicion that war was a racket; not until I retired to civil life did I fully realize it.
John Paul Warren|You're better off believing in God they'd warn you, just in case. Because you'd hate to arrive at the gates of heaven a nonbeliever and find out the Christians had been right all along. It was a pretty ingenious line of thinking. It almost made me want to go to church. Not enough to actually go, but still.
Raymond Chandler, The Notebooks of Raymond Chandler; and English Summer: A Gothic Romance|There are two kinds of truth: the truth that lights the way and the truth that warms the heart. The first of these is science, and the second is art. Neither is independent of the other or more important than the other. Without art science would be as useless as a pair of high forceps in the hands of a plumber. Without science art would become a crude mess of folklore and emotional quackery. The truth of art keeps science from becoming inhuman, and the truth of science keeps art from becoming ridicu
Marjane Satrapi, Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood|Dumbfounded, I stood before the court, trying to figure out if there was a state of being between “guilty” and “innocent.” Why were those my only alternatives? I thought. Why couldn’t I be “neither” or “both”? After a long pause, I finally faced the bench and said, “Your Honor, I plead human.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|[Jesus] stands between us and God, and for that very reason he stands between us and all other men and things. He is the Mediator, not only between God and man, but between man and man, between man and reality. Since the whole world was created through him and unto him (John 1:3; 1st Cor. 8:6; Heb. 1:2), he is the sole Mediator in the world...The call of Jesus teaches us that our relation to the world has been built on an illusion. All the time we thought we had enjoyed a direct relation with men and things. This is what had hindered us from faith and obedience. Now we learn that in the most intimate relationships of life, in our kinship with father and mother, bothers and sisters, in married love, and in our duty to the community, direct relationships are impossible. Since the coming of Christ, his followers have no more immediate realities of their own, not in their family relationships nor in the ties with their nation nor in the relationships formed in the process of living. Between father and son, husband and wife, the individual and the nation, stands Christ the Mediator, whether they are able to recognize him or not. We cannot establish direct contact outside ourselves except through him, through his word, and through our following of him. To think otherwise is to deceive ourselves.But since we are bound to abhor any deception which hides the truth from our sight, we must of necessity repudiate any direct relationship with the things of this world--and that for the sake of Christ. Wherever a group, be it large or small, prevents us from standing alone before Christ, wherever such a group raises a claim of immediacy it must be hated for the sake of Christ. For every immediacy, whether we realize it or not, means hatred of Christ, and this is especially true where such relationships claim the sanctions of Christian principles.,,There is no way from one person to another. However loving and sympathetic we try to be, however sound our psychology, however frank and open our behavior, we cannot penetrate the incognito of the other man, for there are no direct relationships, not even between soul and soul. Christ stands between us, and we can only get into touch with our neighbors through him. That is why intercession is the most promising way to reach our neighbors, and corporate prayer, offered in the name of Christ, the purest form of fellowship.
Mona Simpson, Casebook|But the truth is, there's little even the most organized people can do to prepare themselves for having children. They can buy all the books, observe friends and relations, review their own memories of childhood. But the distance between those proxy experiences and the real thing, ultimately, can be measured in light-years.
Ben Carson, My Life: Based on the Book Gifted Hands|For every opinion you receive, seek guidance from the Creator.
Ray Palla, KRILL AMERICA|The ocean is a Turing machine, the sand is its tape; the water reads the marks in the sand and sometimes erases them and sometimes carves new ones with tiny currents that are themselves a response to the marks.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|While we want to enjoy what we don’t have, don’t forget to enjoy the incredible beauty of what we do have.
Sharon Kay Penman, Devil's Brood|It is not easy to be stranded between two worlds, the sad truth is that we can never feel completely comfortable in either world
David McCullough|To me, history ought to be a source of pleasure. It isn't just part of our civic responsibility. To me, it's an enlargement of the experience of being alive, just the way literature or art or musi
Kristin Scott Thomas|I try to make films that I find exciting. It makes me want to get out of bed at five in the morning, have my make-up done and play for the rest of the day.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|If you’re not seeing God at the climax, it’s not worth doing. Sex is the bridge that connects heaven and earth.
Mark Twain|If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Orly Wahba, Kindness Boomerang: How to Save the World (and Yourself) Through 365 Daily Acts|When you’re faced with a choice, choose to inspire, choose to empower, choose to stand for those who have lost the will to stand for themselves.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|Most people accept living unhappy lives because it is the only way they know, they refuse to be open to the new emerging possibilities and refuse to make positive changes. Because they are afraid of being outside their own comfort zone and don’t risk anything, they live lives that are far less fulfilling than they could actually have.
Joe DeRouen, Threads|She suddenly felt herself gasping for air, as if she’d momentarily forgotten how to breathe. She rocked back in her chair and nearly fell over, then slumped against the green-covered table. The bowl fell from her fingers, shattering at her feet, broken glass scattering everywhere.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Until the day when God shall deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is summed up in these two words,-Wait and hope.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|If it has to be done, it must be best done.
Willy Russell, Shirley Valentine|Marriage is like the Middle East, isn't it? There's no solution.
Sulak Sivaraksa, Seeds of Peace: A Buddhist Vision for Renewing Society|Two ideas are psychologically deep-rooted in man: self-protection and self-preservation. For self-protection man has created God, on whom he depends for his own protection, safety and security, just as a child depends on its parent. For self-preservation man has conceived the idea of an immortal Soul or Atman, which will live eternally. In his ignorance, weakness, fear, and desire, man needs these two things to console himself. Hence he clings to them deeply and fanatically.
Richard J. Roberts|My 94-year-old grandmother has always been so inspiring to me. She is kind, smart, brave, and independent. After graduating number one in her medical school class at a time when it was extremely rare for women to attend medical school, she worked with the World Health Organization in North Africa to eradicate tuberculosis.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Before you try to be like anyone else, find out if you are your true self, because if you try to be like anyone else including me, that means you do not know who you are. Selah! The day yourself will rise, the people that you want to be like will not be there.
Wilhelm Reich, Beyond Psychology: Letters and Journals, 1934-1939|On the outside, the man of today is carefully groomed, perhaps unnecessarily and over carefully clean; while inside he is dirtier than the dirtiest animal—whose anus is as clean as its mouth, provided said animal has not been "domesticated" by "civilized" man.
Nicole Christie, Falling for the Ghost of You|Fiction should be a place of lollipops and escape. Real life is depressing enough--I, for one, don't want to read about make believe misery, too.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|If I could make you stay, I would,’ he shouted. ‘If I had to beat you, chain you, starve you—if I could make you stay, I would.’ He turned back into the room; the wind blew his hair. He shook his finger at me, grotesquely playful. ‘One day, perhaps, you will wish I had.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|I'm being fair, it was the best kiss of my life- a kiss that finds all your seams and pulls them apart, stitch by detail stitch.
Charles R. Swindoll|Whatever we do, we must not treat the Great Commission like it's the Great Suggestion.
William Shakespeare|When I write sad songs, I feel like I'm sewing up a scar in me, and the outcome always feels so much better than when I write happy ones.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Whether right or wrong, it is my belief that Christian colleges place their emphasis not on that which divides us, but on the substance that binds us together. That commonality is the gospel of Jesus Christ. He commanded us to love one another—to set aside our differences and to care for “the least of these” among us. It is our unity, not our diversity, that deserves our allegiance.
Donna Tartt|With red clay between my toes,and the sun setting over my head,the ghost of my mother blows in,riding on a honeysuckle breeze, oh lord,riding on a honeysuckle breeze.
Gugu Mona|Not many Ruminarii warships had ever been captured intact by any enemy, and so for those the Ruminarii “invited” aboard their vessels, this was usually a one-way sight-seeing trip. For those who really want to know, Ruminarii Hammerheads have an extensive corridor network, the interior walls are heavily decorated, savagely militaristic and inevitably, close together. He strode down one. Lesser ranks seeing him, fell to the deck and groveled like their fingernails depended on it. There was a chorus of shrieks and whimpers as he passed. When he arrived on the bridge, everyone was face down on the deck, each endeavoring to grovel lower than the next. Nothing like discipline to keep the crew in its place.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|I'm not leaving, Kitten. You're going to do this."My mouth opened as did the door behind us. Stomach dropping, I turned to see Mom standing there in all her fuzzy-bunny pajama glory. Oh, for the love of God.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|This is the way to shine; to make a difference even as you choose to stand up, speak out and maintain a valid positive opinion.
Lori Lesko|Artist is not human, but humanity.
Leonardo DiCaprio|We're in a world where masculinity, especially with these big spectacle movies, is often pushed by rippling six packs and forcing an image down someone's throat trying to prove masculinity. Whereas I think true masculinity comes from having a strong sense of self.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|We must not decide how anyone else should or shouldn't be Living.Whenever I'm about to use the word "should" I use the word "could" instead. Should is judgemental, could is empowering.Try it out on yourself with the things that you talk to yourself about...I should do better. or I could do better.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The straight line, a respectable optical illusion which ruins many a man.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Beauty isn’t visible; I don’t know why people think it is. Perhaps because at times there are physical manifestations suggesting beauty exists in a person, but don’t be fooled. Beauty isn’t the packaging, it’s the treasure wrapped up inside.
Dan Alatorre|Writers need to be open to trying new things. My first bestseller was a cookbook, and from that experience I learned things about marketing a book that benefitted me greatly.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The grandeur of God, the glory of His majesty.
David Eddings, The Belgariad, Vol. 1: Pawn of Prophecy / Queen of Sorcery / Magician's Gambit|Fancy 'avin' to say you work for the Murder Squad, eh, Miss? Don't exactly warm folk to you, does it?
Fredrik Backman|Lorraine once told me, smile big when you’re sad. Smile big when you’re happy. Smile big when you’re bored. Because regardless how you feel, your face could use a stretch.
Avinash Narula|And though history sadly doesn't credit the man who first thought of tilting a bicycle's steering axis, it is more likely to be because of feet striking the wheel than an understanding of stability.
Larry R. Lawrence|It is vital that parents have the courage to speak up and intervene before Satan succeeds. President Boyd K. Packer has taught that “when morality is involved, we have both the right and the obligation to raise a warning voice.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|God holds us. We are protected by His grip in such a precious way that the good and the bad must pass through His fingers to us. No harm, fear, or pain can reach us without His allowance, and yet, it is a loving grip. A loving allowance we cannot understand until time has frayed our pride and tempered our heartbreak. And even then, our only answer may be to trust His love more than our understanding.
Sahil Sachdeva|Whoever isn’t in a cage is free,You can stroll, fly or go deep down in the sea,Being in limits is never a choice,Curtailment never made moments of joys.
Lisa Kleypas, Blue-Eyed Devil|In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,For they in thee a thousand errors note; But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,Who in despite of view is pleased to dote
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|The tension between people is palpable, and the ideal of what it means to be and look American becomes a preoccupation to folks around the country, including me.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Even if you are sick or unhappy today, look for the beautiful things life has to offer: the fact that you are living, breathing and capable of loving others is reason enough to celebrate. Life is beautiful anyway.
Julie James, Something About You|My God, Jack - with a look like that, you two should just get a room. And try not to pick the one with a dead body next to it this time.
Dorothy Deming, Penny Marsh: Public Health Nurse|Penny knew also she loved the country for its beauty. Cities could be magnificent, astounding, fantastic, but they were not consistently beautiful and simple. Penny liked uncomplicated beauty.
Starr Ambrose, Thieves Like Us|Stop putting yourself in danger. Stop trying to handle everything yourself instead of trusting me to help you.” His gaze wandered, too, lingering on her mouth, her hair, even her breasts, leaving tingling sensations everywhere it touched. Shadows moved along his jaw as muscles tensed. “Stop making me crazy, Janet.
David Shields|I have a black pair of suede Jimmy Choos. I've only worn them once to a Sony event. The heels have these arrow plates in a pattern. There's gold, black and white and they're amazing!
Domashita Romero, Complicated Creation|I'm going to get 'I'M NOT FUCKING DEAD' tattooed on my chest.""That will become inaccurate at some point, " Omar pointed out.
André Gide, The Counterfeiters|I used to feel special, different and wonderful when I was very young, before the world showed me that everything I thought, said, or did was wrong. I lived in the blissfulness of youth without knowing how the world would not except me.
Kyle Beachy, The Slide|One of these people was a girl who exemplified everything I could ever come up with to want. We grew very close very quickly and revealed dreams and compared fears and mocked gently and occasionally told lies, but nothing bad. The sex, I’m sorry, Dad, but the sex was unlike anything I believed might someplace exist. I remember lying with her in bed and touching her thigh and thinking, My God. This is the reason I grew hands in the first place.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Live & Remember|Okay, let's recap.So I lost a few good things, but wait;There's other fish in the sea.And my heart's still here: the bait.It has a few cracksAnd a couple of shark bites,But it's alright.A bleeding heart is never one to wait in the water for long.I wonder what my next catch will be..
Jonathan Harnisch, Porcelain Utopia|I’ve always loved the night, when everyone else is asleep and the world is all mine. It’s quiet and dark—the perfect time for creativity.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When what you are insulted by meets what you have a strong desire to do, then that would bring you significance.
Bernie Siegel|I think my passion is misinterpreted as anger sometimes. And I don't think people are ready for the message that I'm delivering, and delivering with a sense of violent love.
Barbara Elsborg, Cowboys Down| 'I think that's why his asking me to pull the plug hurt so much. He kept saying if I really loved him, I should have been able to do it. And I thought, if he really loved me, he would never have asked.' 
Nuno Roque|We’d like to think that our youth was madder, brighter, happier than it was. It comforts us as we grow older, to believe that once upon a time we danced at dawn in a fountain.
James Slater|To write? Because all this is ging to vanish. The only thing left will be the prose and poems, the books, what is written down. Without it the past would completely vanish, and we would be left we nothing, we would be naked on earth.
Malcolm X|When Pope Pius XII died, LIFE magazine carried a picture of him in his private study kneeling before a black Christ. What was the source of their information? All white people who have studied history and geography know that Christ was a black man. Only the poor, brainwashed American Negro has been made to believe that Christ was white, to maneuver him into worshiping the white man. After becoming a Muslim in prison, I read almost everything I could put my hands on in the prison library. I began to think back on everything I had read and especially with the histories, I realized that nearly all of them read by the general public have been made into white histories. I found out that the history-whitening process either had left out great things that black men had done, or some of the great black men had gotten whitened.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|And then I saw what I was to see so many times on the journey—a look of longing. “Lord! I wish I could go.” “Don’t you like it here?” “Sure. It’s all right, but I wish I could go.” “You don’t even know where I’m going.”“I don’t care. I’d like to go anywhere.
Ashly Lorenzana|I'm falling apart, one part after another. Falling down on the world like snow. Half of me is already on the ground, watching from below.
Aiden Shaw, Sordid Truths: Selling My Innocence for a Taste of Stardom|Maybe he'd never come across anybody as well versed at objectifying body parts as I was. In my defense, this was an occupational hazard; one of the tricks of my trade was the ability to work with whatever was at hand. Over the years I'd learned to pinpoint my focus to the width of a pubic hair if there was nothing else to work with. (...) Before my eyes -or, more precisely, in my mind- Rasher became Lovely Bum Man.
Robert Macfarlane, The Old Ways: A Journey on Foot|The whole world may call you to follow the wrong path! In such a case, tell the whole world to buzz off!
Stefania Mattana, Into the Killer Sphere|Chase stooped to inspect it. Angelo handed him a latex glove, which took Chase three attempts to pull on before tearing it. He had never had a good relationship with latex. He tried two more, tearing each one of those too.
Leonid Hurwicz|There's no legal protection for cyborgs. In 2010, I started the Cyborg Foundation to defend our rights. Cyborgs have been kicked out from several places because they are seen as a possible security threat. I've been kicked out from places such as Harrods, Casino Montecarlo, and many supermarkets.
Sloane Crosley|I like to go to anybody else's birthday, and if I'm invited I'm a good guest. But I never celebrate my birthdays. I really don't care.
Joe Garcia|Deep Throat's information, and in my view, courage, allowed the newspaper to use what he knew and suspected.
Kristen Callihan, Moonglow|And it killed me because i could never forget him. Couldn't because he'd permanently etched himself to me, left a part of himself forever within me. For so many year I'd loved him, but when he'd gone this time, he'd taken a part of me captive too, a piece that could never be retrieved because it would always belong to him.
Anne Tyler|Guys are like dogs. You wish you could take them all home when they're young. But after they've howled all night and slobbered all over everything, you come to realize the ones already trained are much easier to live with.
Dana Priest|Inspiration, in its rich variety, must be present in any discussion about Africa. We need role models - they are essential to the advancement of our society.
Mahbod Seraji, Rooftops of Tehran|This is a massive world, I think, and in each centimeter of it, a different drama unfolds every second of the day. But we live on as if the next moment in our lives will be no different than the last. How foolish we all are.
John Locke|When deeds speak, words are nothing.
Lykke Li|Most critical histories of U.S. involvement in Iran rightly began with the joint British-U.S. coup against democratically elected Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh in 1953, which installed Pahlavi on the Peacock Throne. But it was Kissinger who, in 1972, greatly deepened the relationship between Washington and Tehran.
Laura Moser|My parenting style is probably like that of my parents, because you do how you learn. My mother was very nurturing and loving, but very stern. She was a disciplinary. My dad was also very loving.
J. G. Whit, THIS PAGE HAS BEEN UPDATED|We all have the power of light inside us, it’s just that sometimes the darkness is stronger. Fear is like darkness, too. It can consume you. It will consume you. And when you let it consume you, it’ll be hard as hell to break free from it. You have to fight it.
Amit Kalantri|There is a deep and perennial and profoundly human impulse to approach the world with a DEMAND, to approach the world with a PRECONDITION, that what has got to turn out to lie at THE CENTER OF THE UNIVERSE, that what has got to turn out to lie at THE FOUNDATION OF ALL BEING, is some powerful and reassuring and accessible image of OURSELVES... and that, more than any of their particular factual inaccuracies - is what bothers me the most about them. It is precisely the business of resisting that demand, it is precisely the business of approaching the world with open and authentic wonder, and with a sharp, cold eye, and singularly intent upon the truth, that's called science.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a lion takes its advice from sheep, it will go hungry.
Izey Victoria Odiase|Passive-Aggressive behavior consumes unnecessary time and resources. Say what you mean, let's resolve the issue, and move on to more productive tasks.
Arthur Godfrey|I grew up in a really small town with not a lot of money, and I liked singing, but it was just something that was a hobby.
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Sometimes, just be. Do not think or worry, do not get angry under stress. Just pray and keep your faith in the Lord. Keep patience and see how well things will work out for you!
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|If you honestly know how you help people, then you should become passionate about sharing it, spread the good news, give everyone a chance to share in the solutions that you can provide.
Charles V|It should be remarked that, as the principle of liberty is better understood, and more nobly interpreted, a broader protest is made in behalf of women. As men become aware that few have had a fair chance, they are inclined to say that no women have had a fair chance.
John Carter Cash, House of Cash: The Legacies of My Father, Johnny Cash|In every laugh, he hears her, in every tear, he sees her. Not a mere reflection, the complete 'her'.
Francesca Annis|As a general thing, when a woman wears the pants in a family, she has a good right to them.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Those who apparently do evil do it ultimately out of love, even if their actions are misguided for the moment.
Anonymous, Bhagavad Gita: El Canto del Senor|The power of God is with you at all times; through the activities of mind, senses, breathing, and emotions; and is constantly doing all the work using you as a mere instrument.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Without empathy and love there is no morality, no altruism, no compassion for others. The scientific mindset, like the artistic and spiritual ones, must be passionate and not easily dissuaded from its path. Although, the empirical mindset must be ever more vigilant than the artist because there is much more at stake than just individual freedom, there is the very basis for truthful inquiry.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|While Maddox now believed the demon did not want to hurt Ashlyn, he wasn't willing to take a chance. He would talk about flowers and moonbeams - he cringed - if it meant maintaining this delectable inner peace."Is there a way to break your death-curse?" Ashlyn asked. So much for flowers and moon-beams.
Peter Straub|What would be frightening about me jumping out of the bush wearing a pig mask is not the sudden surprise, not me, and not the pig mask, but that the ordinary world had split open for a moment to reveal some possibility never previously considered.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|When I first heard your voice, my heart leapt in my chest as if it recognized you as its owner from another lifetime.
Ethan Day, Life in Fusion|I snatched up the cardboard cup, plastered my lips to the plastic sippy-lid and sucked down a scalding hot mouthful. It burned, but I didn’t give a damn. I held the cup to my chest as if it were my most special friend while feeling the instant affect the coffee had on my mood and I smiled. “Hello lover.
Aberjhani, Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black|I place my fingers upon these keys typing 2,000 dreams per minute and naked of spirit dance forth my cosmic vortex upon this crucifix called language.
Maeve Binchy|I've served in 25 nations. I've seen where people don't trust their government. We're there. In the military, the last option is to send in the SEALs.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Sometimes when you are low, you may feel that that there is darkness all around. In such moments, look at a faraway star. Its light seems to be less…very less. However, light is still there. Just because it is far, its light is not visible to the naked eye. You also have a lot of light and energy like that star. Harness it properly and see the effects!
Sam Gayton, The Snow Merchant|If we can accept the laws of the universe, the ebb and flow of joy and tragedy, then we have everything we need to embrace our true freedom.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Billionaire Mindset (for MoneyMaking Mommies): How to make your Billions and build your legacy|We have to remember that making money is essentially exchanging one form of energy for another form of energy - we are exchanging our ideas, our creativity, our passions, for money...we are asking people to take money out of their bank accounts and put into ours because our ideas and our creativity is more valuable to them than their money.
Ridley Scott|I've got an overactive brain. I enjoy work, I enjoy life, and I'm not good at relaxing. I've also never slept very much due to this overactive imagination and my brain constantly thinking.
Margaret Laurence, Heart of a Stranger|So I suppose one danger is that we might get the idea that, you know, “to blurt, is to be.” The idea that whatever comes out is good and is us. Whereas someone who has really worked with text realizes – well, that neither one is “really” you, but that the considered version might represent a “higher” you – brighter, less willing to coast or condescend, funnier, and (mysteriously) also, I think, kinder.
Margaret Drabble, The Pure Gold Baby|It was easier to ignore the consideration of paternal genes then than it would be now. We did not then consider ourselves held in the genetic trap. We thought each infant was born pure and new and holy: a gold baby, a luminous lamb. We did not know that certain forms of breast cancer were programmed and almost ineluctable, and we would not have believed you if you had told us that in our lifetime young women would be subjecting themselves to preventative mastectomies.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Instead of trying to be taller than others, stronger than others, more superior to others, try to be gentler than others, more compassionate than others, fairer than others!
Chimanada Ngozi Adichie|But by far the worst thing we do to males—by making them feel they have to be hard—is that we leave them with very fragile egos. The harder a man feels compelled to be, the weaker his ego is.
Declan Kiberd, Ulysses And Us: The Art Of Everyday Living|A man [Joyce] whose earliest stories appeared next to the manure prices in the Irish Homestead knew that columns of prose, like columns of shit, could both recultivate the earth.
Alanea Alder, My Brother's Keeper|I enjoy my crazy, thank you very much. I noticed a long time ago that those who value normalcy to the point of making someone else feel like shit for being different were assholes. I stopped caring about what people thought of me after that.
Lao Tzu|We all have a suspicion and hope that we've just been part of something special, something that may eventually change our lives. That no one else knows this makes it seem like we are living with a secret that we would like to share, but can't, sort of like having a superpower that's not come online or being president elect. For the moment, our lives proceed as usual, but within a month, we think, everything will change. It's a frustrating, if exciting, disconnect.
David DeBacco, The Sushi Chef|This is one of the goals of the Jewish way of living: to experience commonplace deeds as spiritual adventures, to feel the hidden love and wisdom in all things.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|And yet, the chief deficiency I see in the sceptical movement is in its polarization: Us v. Them - the sense that we have a monopoly on the truth; that those other people who believe in all these stupid doctrines are morons; that if you're sensible, you'll listen to us; an if not, you're beyond redemption. This is unconstructive. It does not get the message across. It condemns the sceptics to permanent minority status; whereas, a compassionate approach that from the beginning acknowledges the human roots of pseudoscience and superstition might be much more widely accepted.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Doing, not learning to do, is the essence of entrepreneurship.
Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic|But when we reduce sex to a function, we also invoke the idea of dysfunction. We are no longer talking about the art of sex; rather, we are talking about the mechanics of sex. Science has replaced religion as the authority; and science is a more formidable arbiter. Medicine knows how to scare even those who scoff at religion. Compared with a diagnosis, what's a mere sin? We used to moralize; today we normalize, and performance anxiety is the secular version of our old religious guilt.
Guillaume Apollinaire|De temps à autre, il est bon de faire une pause dans notre quête du bonheur et d'être simplement heureux.
Genereux Philip|I ain't got no money, I ain't got no car to take you on a date, I can't even buy you flowers, but together we'll be the perfect friend.
Roy Peter Clark, The Glamour of Grammar: A Guide to the Magic and Mystery of Practical English|The bridge between the words glamour and grammar is magic. According to the OED, glamour evolved through an ancient association between learning and enchantment.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Ye cannot live for yourselves; a thousand fibres connect you with your fellow-men, and along those fibres, as along sympathetic threads, run your actions as causes, and return to you as effects.
Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway|Hope means you keep on holding to things that won't ever be so again, and so you bleed an inch at a time until there's nothing left.
Jayne Bauling, Matching Pair|Was Philip Dexter upset?""He's telephoned the office every day."She was pleased about that. "Who else was upset?""Everybody. Roosevelt orderded an hour of silence while you were on the table. Like Armistice Day.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Pause your opinions, debating and absolute knowing for long enough to conceive gratitude.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|My mother, who taught me how to read and write and home-schooled me for the first 12 years of my life, whose presence shaped me as much as her absence did, who imbibed in me the values of empathy and fearlessness and hard work, looks down on me today with great pride.
Franz Kafka|All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman; and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince.
Livy|I have met with some of them - very honest fellows, who, with all their stupidity, had a kind of intelligence and an upright good sense, which cannot be the characteristics of fools.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|A short time in the presence of the Friends (the Sufis) is better than a hundred years’ sincere, obedient dedication.
Benjamin West|Remember, light and shadow never stand still.
Lyndon B. Johnson|Information technology has been one of the leading drivers of globalization, and it may also become one of its major victims.
Jerry Mander, Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television|We have met the Devil of Information Overload and his impish underlings, the computer virus, the busy signal, the dead link, and the PowerPoint presentation.
Jeffrey Brown|If I die this instant will you be more content with the morning news? Will your coffee taste better? I am not your fate. I am not your government…I am not your mother, not your father or your nightmare or your health. I am not a fence, not a wall. I am not the law or actuarial tables of your insurance broker. I am a woman with my guts loose in my hands, howling and it’s not because I committed hari-kiri. I suggest either you cook me or sew me back up. I suggest you walk into my pain as into the breaking waves of an ocean of blood, and either we will climb out together and walk away.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|By the way, a Bulgarian I met lately in Moscow," Ivan went on, seeming not to hear his brother's words, "told me about the crimes committed by Turks and Circassians in all parts of Bulgaria through fear of a general rising of the Slavs. They burn villages, murder, outrage women and children, they nail their prisoners by the ears to the fences, leave them so till morning, and in the morning they hang them- all sorts of things you can't imagine. People talk sometimes of bestial cruelty, but that's a great injustice and insult to the beasts; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically cruel. The tiger only tears and gnaws, that's all he can do. He would never think of nailing people by the ears, even if he were able to do it.These Turks took a pleasure in torturing children, -too; cutting the unborn child from the mothers womb, and tossing babies up in the air and catching them on the points of their bayonets before their mothers' eyes. Doing it before the mothers' eyes was what gave zest to the amusement. Here is another scene that I thought very interesting. Imagine a trembling mother with her baby in her arms, a circle of invading Turks around her. They've planned a diversion: they pet the baby, laugh to make it laugh. They succeed, the baby laughs. At that moment a Turk points a pistol four inches from the baby's face. The baby laughs with glee, holds out its little hands to the pistol, and he pulls the trigger in the baby's face and blows out its brains. Artistic, wasn't it? By the way, Turks are particularly fond of sweet things, they say.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|... Kenny G is extremely talented and resourceful and a powerful force to be reckoned with ... Mr. G might not seem evil, but I fear him more than any other human being.
Gregg Korrol, The Gifted Storyteller: The Power Is in the Story You Tell|Life doesn't happen to you, it happens FROM you.
Elizabeth George Speare, The Witch of Blackbird Pond|Who would guess," he teased, "that I'd ever see you on a rooftop with straw in your hair?"Kit giggled. "Are you saying I've turned into a crow?""Not exactly." His eyes were intensely blue with merriment. "I can still see the green feathers if I look hard enough. But they've done their best to make you into a sparrow, haven't they?
Archibald Alexander, Thoughts on Religious Experience|But under the righteous government of God no one is wretched who does not deserve to be so. The objects of mercy, then, are those who are miserable, and all misery is the result of sin, hence the miserable are deserving of punishment not mercy. To speak of deserving mercy is a contradiction of terms.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|I can help you, Jorge. I can give you back your self. I can give you your will.' He held out his hand, palm open. 'Free will has to be taken,' I said.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Well, I admit it. I’m a people addict, and I don’t want to quit!
Stephen King, Misery|He felt as he always did when he finished a book — queerly empty, let down, aware that for each little success he had paid a toll of absurdity.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We need to eliminate the concept of division by class, skills, race, income, religion, and nationality. Every human requires food and water to survive and every human has a heart that bleeds, loves, and grieves.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|I thought we were a real love relationship. I did. I was very invested in love, but it was just this long long sex thing that could end at any moment because after all, it's just about getting off. Almost all the time, you tell yourself you're loving somebody when you're just using them. This only looks like love.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Keep reading! Keep travelling! Keep thinking! And finally you will be there, in the Land of Wisdom where the mind has the power of an eagle’s eye!
Bill Hicks|People often ask me where I stand politically. It's not that I disagree with Bush's economic policy or his foreign policy, it's that I believe he was a child of Satan sent here to destroy the planet Earth. Little to the left.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|The law has placed the collective force at the disposal of the unscrupulous who wish, without risk, to exploit the person, liberty, and property of others. It has converted plunder into a right, in order to protect plunder. And it has converted lawful defense into a crime, in order to punish lawful defense...When, then, does plunder stop? It stops when it becomes more painful and more dangerous than labor.
Jack London, White Fang|At some point, you're no longer growing up, you're aging. But no one can pinpoint that moment exactly.
Joanna Klara Teske, Wschód i zachód słonia|- Chodź, Słoniczko, mam Ci coś ważnego do powiedzenia - powiedziała Mama-słoń pewnego razu, gdy pod wieczór pomarańczowe słońce wtapiało się w pomarańczową pustynię, a stado szarych słoni w szarym zmierzchu wyglądało jak stado cieni. - Jeżeli będziesz sama, moja Słoniczko, to w chwili uniesienia i serdecznej radości pamiętaj zawsze owinąć trąbę wokół czegoś, co jest bardzo ciężkie: wokół rosłej palmy albo ogromnego głazu, tak abyś nie odfrunęła do gwiazd. Kiedy natomiast, słuchaj, Kochanie, uważnie, poczujesz, że jest Ci bardzo ciężko i bardzo jesteś nieszczęśliwa, to rozłóż cztery łapki na boki - wtedy piaski pustyni nie pochłoną Cię tak łatwo - i staraj się sobie przypomnieć, jak to było kiedyś, gdy jak balonik unosiłaś się nad światem.
Micheline Jean Louis|Love is a figment of our imagination; becoming whatever we wish it to be. We customized our feelings to control love, resembling a wind being tossed about whichever way it suits us. Love is a game for the fittest, if you are weak at heart it will destroy you, it will blemish your soul. Love is another religion with a massive following that needs faith to believe that its tangible. This phenomenal Love we hunger for has become our heaven and hell, that we've created for ourselves. Love is an expression we hope to be conceived in, however having no genuine desire to partake in its birthing process, for the reason being that we know the minute love gives birth to us; death would be the first to greet us with a kiss upon our trembling lips of hopes. In conclusion Love is a fickle little thing
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes|Even though I may feel unsafe and unacceptable, I am accepted in Christ.
Joseph M. Marshall III, The Lakota Way: Stories and Lessons for Living|Are you crazy? The last thing you want to do is make a scene." "Well, I'm gonna make a movie if you don't show me some respect.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|striid andWthdraw into yourself. Our master-reason asks no more than to act justly, and thereby to achieve calm.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy ready-made things in the shops. But since there are no shops where you can buy friends, men no longer have any friends.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Sacrifice everything that is yours, to call up the humans in others.
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|The paths you walk in life should always be by design, either consciously or subconsciously.
Wayne Chirisa|Success is not measured by who you are , only by the perception of what others think you are
Aleksandra Ninkovic|Deep down a broken heart, all the sadness one can bear is misery.
Truth Devour, Wantin|Sometimes when you’re struggling to see kindness in the world, you need to be the creator of it to remind yourself it does exist.
John Berryman, 77 Dream Songs|But you can't plead with autumn. No. The midnight wind stalked through the woods, hooted to frighten you, swept everything away for the approaching winter, whirled the leaves. ("The North")
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|You never go away from us, yet we have difficulty in returning to You. Come, Lord, stir us up and call us back. Kindle and seize us. Be our fire and our sweetness. Let us love. Let us run.
Shawn Lukas|Behind every work of art lies the enormous pretension of exhibiting one's vision of the world. If such obvious arrogance is not counterbalanced by the tribulations of doubt, all that remains is a monster who is to art what a fanatic is to faith.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|At the high school a pretty girl strolled across the parking lot to her black stallion, let her cigarette dangle from her lips while she put on her helmet, adjusted her goggles. Throwing a slender white leg over the side she jacked her little backside up and down a few times, exciting the steed. Now she came down on his back and he squatted, moaning to the soft squeeze of her hand, then at her sudden clutch shot out fast between the press of her knees. Claude looked down at his shoes as they passed, having seen nothing. But he glanced up in time to watch them glide off under the next streetlamp, the gleaming beast appearing almost languid with release, very pleased with himself and with the girl who clung to his back, small and stiff and unsatisfied.She had been noticed: everywhere along the way the leaning people looked after her as though wondering if the new week had finally begun, then they looked at one another, then back at nothing.
Taylor Wilson|There is trust in there being a Spirit who loves me and wants me to have love in my life. I trust in this higher power, it is what keeps me moving forward no matter what happens.
Aline Alzime|I’m clenching my fists so tight my fingernails leave red crescent moons on my skin. I feel a surge, a heat roar up inside me. As bad as I’m hurting now, he’ll hurt ten times worse. That’s the only thing that keeps me going.
Tshepang Sharon Koji|We work hard for the things we want, we compromise, we amend, we persevere, we stay believing, we show commitment. We strive! Later we will see the results
Kady Cross, The Girl with the Windup Heart|I wrote this about you, about our love, our story. And I feel so damn lucky that others in this world, strangers in other parts, can steal a piece of what we have and feel so lucky too.
Michael Booth|I carried out my plan because I felt The Chief had some fear of those of my race, of those uncountable forebears whose culmination lies in me. I wished to prove to him that a yellow man could save his armies.
Neil Gaiman|The beautiful illusion of fiction is that everything makes sense and that there was a purpose, that there was a point to it all. And that's the best possible lie because it may even be true.
Peter Kreeft|If one Egyptian tailor hadn’t cheated on the threads of Joseph’s mantle, Potiphar’s wife would never have been able to tear it, present it as evidence to Potiphar that Joseph attacked her, gotten him thrown in prison, and let him be in a position to interpret Pharaoh’s dream, win his confidence, advise him to store seven years of grain, and save his family, the seventy original Jews from whom Jesus came. We owe our salvation to a cheap Egyptian tailor.
Debasish Mridha|When mankind is drowning in a multitude of problems, swimming is not the solution. The solution is reaching higher ground which is the ultimate salvation.
Thomas Huxley|Women are being welcomed into science fiction, but it's through the back door.
Carol Tavris, Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts|To show how memory changes to fit our story, psychologists study how memories evolve over time: if your memories of the same people change, becoming positive or negative spending on what is happening in your life now, then it’s all about you, not them. This process happens so gradually that it can be a jolt to realize you ever felt differently.
Savo Heleta, Not My Turn to Die: Memoirs of a Broken Childhood in Bosnia|Still, I never heard him say that he hated or wanted to hurt or kill someone for all the horrific things that had been happening to him and his family.
Belle from Kentucky|I was not an atheist. Few people really are, for that means blind faith in the strange proposition that this universe originated in a cipher and aimlessly rushes nowhere.
Deyth Banger|You never can't put bad down, there is always something tricky... nothing is so easy if it's easy. It's in the state of possibility of the ability to be in a trap which they want to put you... so they succeed. - Better Next time think!
David Levithan, Every Day|It’s okay,” I tell her.“It is okay to be happy
Eraldo Banovac|Concerning mistakes, follow three simple rules. Firstly, correct a mistake that you made whenever it is possible. Secondly, don't repeat the same mistakes. Thirdly, learn from past mistakes.
Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies|In the Middle Ages there was no salvation outside the Church, and the theologians had a hard time explaining what God did with those pagans who were visibly virtuous or saintly. Similarly, in contemporary society effort is not productive unless it is done at the behest of a boss, and economists have a hard time dealing with the obvious usefulness of people when they are outside the corporate control of a corporation, volunteer agency, or labour camp.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|The definition of irony - A Pope who refuses to give law enforcement the names of hundreds (or maybe thousands) of predatory homosexual pedophile priests around the world, then claiming that gay marriage will be the world's undoing. (Speaking of Benedict the XVI.)
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|You try getting any sympathy when you tell your best friends how much the self-avowed sadist broke your heart, how much pain she put you through. — Ivan E. Coyote to --------, 2004 (age 35)
Christopher Paolini|This place aint the same. It never will be. Maybe we've all got a little crazy. I guess if everbody went crazy together nobody would notice, what do you think?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The most insidous influence on the young is not violence, drugs, drink or sexual perversion, but our pursuit of the trivial and tolerance of the third rate.
Andrew Gould|If I hadn't been inside of Biosphere 2 and really lived a biological life-support system, I definitely would not be involved in life-support systems for space.
Evelyn Pryce, A Man Above Reproach|Mercia wasn’t a little-in-love sort of man. He was mad, dark passion, sweeping emotion, and complete loss of reason, with his gaunt male beauty, his wealth and power, and his haunted past.
Iris Eshel, Project Management: A Professional Approach to Events|He was too explosive for her to touch him so intimately. It would lead to the wrong things. And places he'd banned himself from. As her protector, he had to stay away from her. That was how it worked. This, he could not stray from. Not again. Even if it killed him.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Humanity is destined to explore, settle, and expand outward into the universe.
Steven Chuks Nwaokeke|When evil altars are invoked, great destinies are altered
Joseph Brodsky|Anyone who regards poetry as an entertainment, as a 'read,' commits an anthropological crime, in the first place against himself.
Douglas Coupland|I have wanted to fly into space for many years, but never imagined it would really be feasible.
Melanie Dickerson, The Beautiful Pretender|Fairy tales are the skeletons of story, perhaps. Reading them often provides an uneasy sensation—a gnawing familiarity—that comforting yet supernatural awareness of living inside a story.
Bill Hicks|I'm tired of this back-slappin' "isn't humanity neat" bullshit. We're a virus with shoes.
Hans Urs von Balthasar|Grave was the man in years, in looks, in word, his locks were grey, yet was his courage green.
Thomas Carlyle|I doubt that Fleming could have obtained a grant for the discovery of penicillin on that basis [a requirement for highly detailed research plans] because he could not have said, 'I propose to have an accident in a culture so that it will be spoiled by a mould falling on it, and I propose to recognize the possibility of extracting an antibiotic from this mould.
Eric Schneiderman|There should be a path to earned legal status for those that are here. Not - not amnesty - earned legal status, which means you pay a fine and do many things over an extended period of time.
Amelia Hutchins, Playing with Monsters|AMELIA: Thank you for sticking it out with me no matter how crazy I get, because that’s what friends do. We’ve been through a lot together, so here’s to more shenanigans, and characters bickering!
Sydney Croft, Riding the Storm|See what love does? It makes you weak. Kills you."Warm breath feathered over her scalp as Remy pressed a gentle kiss to the top of her head. "It also gives people something to live for," he whispered.
J.D. Salinger, Nine Stories|When it became clear that nothing of the kind was forthcoming, I took more direct action. I prayed for the city to be cleared of people, for the gift of being alone—a-l-o-n-e: which is the one New York prayer that rarely gets lost or delayed in channels, and in no time at all everything I touched turned to solid loneliness. - De Daumier-Smith's Blue Period (1952)
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Constitution of Liberty|All political theories assume, of course, that most individuals are very ignorant. Those who plead for liberty differ from the rest in that they include among the ignorant themselves as well as the wisest. Compared with the totality of knowledge which is continually utilized in the evolution of a dynamic civilization, the difference between the knowledge that the wisest and that the most ignorant individual can deliberately employ is comparatively insignificant.
Thomas Henry Huxley|See everything, overlook a great deal, correct a little.
Tory Lanez|I don't think it ever occurred to me that I wouldn't be an entrepreneur. My dad became a real estate developer, and that work is usually project-based. You attract investors for a project with a certain life cycle, and then you move on to the next thing. It's almost like being a serial entrepreneur, so I had that as an example.
Harri Holkeri|I have American in-laws, and I care about the environment. We don't use disposable diapers, which, of course, creates an environmental problem of our own.
Andrea Dworkin|In her heart she is a mourner for those who have not survived. In her soul she is a warrior for those who are now as she was then. In her life she is both celebrant and proof of women's capacity and will to survive, to become, to act, to change self and society. And each year she is stronger and there are more of her.
Toni Aleo, Overtime|Is she worth it though?" he asked and she shrugged."That's up to you to decide. Either way, I support you, love you, and will stand beside you," she whispered against his lips. "And when you're ready, I'll Spartan kick her in the face.
Fabrizio Moreira|In the graver and more sentimental communication of man and man, the head still bears the superior sway; in the unreserved intimacies of man and woman, the heart is ever uppermost. Feeling is the main thing, and judgment passes for little.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Wouldn’t be very fair to the rest of them, would it?” Harper asked. “They’re not bad people, most of them. All they want is to be safe.”“Isn’t that always a permission slip for ugliness and cruelty? All they want is to be safe, and they don’t care who they have to destroy to stay that way. And the people who want to kill us, the Cremation Crews, all they want is safety, too!
St. John of the Cross|However softly we speak, God is so close to us that he can hear us; nor do we need wings to go in search of him, but merely to seek solitude and contemplate him within ourselves, without being surprised to find such a good Guest there.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|The term 'first-love' exists because there always more to count ahead, as pure as the previous one, as true as the one that touched your soul lately.
Julia A. Schumacher|...Sometimes they open it up like a package in the presence of a person they can talk to,' she said. 'Someone they can trust.' She held out her hands. 'Any person who is carrying a lot of sadness,' she said, 'needs to be able to rest sometimes, and to put it down.
Donna Augustine, Jinxed|Without the queen pulling your strings, you’re nothing but thoughts and dreams. Such things are easily destroyed." ~ General Kael, City of Fae #2
Mary J. Blige|I'm generally slow to anger, quick to forgive, and I take in information before making decisions. So no matter how controversial the decision, my general demeanour is to put on white lab coat and gloves and look at the evidence, weigh the arguments and see what makes sense.
Jessica Love|Please don't be too prejudiced against the poor thing because she's a liar. I do really believe that, like so many liars, there is a real substratum of truth behind her lies. I mean that though, to take an instance, her atrocity stories have grown and grown until every kind of unpleasant story that has ever appeared in print has happened to her or her relations personally, she did have a bad shock initially and did see one, at least, of her relations killed. I think a lot of these displaced persons feel, perhaps justly, that their claim to our notice and sympathy lies in their atrocity value and so they exaggerate and invent.
Georges Simenon, L'Enterrement de Monsieur Bouvet|In those days, long before, a view over the rooftops of Paris was an unaffordable luxury. The apartment he had shared with a mousy young writer from Laon had a view of the Jardin de Luxembourg – if he stuck his head out of the window as far as it would go and twisted it to the left, a smudge of green foliage appeared in the corner of one eye. That had been his best apartment to date. They had decorated it in the ‘Bohemian’ style of the 1830s : a few volumes of Shakespeare and Victor Hugo, a Phrygian cap, an Algerian hookah, a skull on a broomstick handle (from the brother of a friend, Charles Toubin, who was an intern at one of the big hospitals) and, of course, a window box of geraniums, which was not only pretty but also illegal. (Death by falling window box was always high up the official list of fatalities.) For a proper view of Paris, they visited Henry’s painter friends who lived in a warren of attic rooms near the Barriere d’Enfer and called themselves the Water-Drinkers. When the weather was fine and the smell of their own squalor became unbearable, they clambered onto the roof and sat on the gutters and ridges, sketching chimneyscapes, and sending up more smoke from their pipes than the fireplaces below.Three of the Water-Drinkers had since died of various illnesses known collectively as ‘lack of money’. When the last of the three was buried, in the spring of 1844, Henry and the others had found themselves at the graveside without a sou to give a gravedigger. ‘Never mind’, said he, “you can pay me the next time, ‘ and then, to his collegue : ‘It’s all right – these gentlemen are a regular customers.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|Toy is talking and this is why I love her. She can go on about herself ceaselessly and like the scratching of a branch against the window at night, the steady insistence of it is comforting. She has stories without beginnings, stories that trail off, stories that crisscross and contradict and dead end.Toy is the star of her stories. Events orbit her like a constellation.
Laini Taylor, Lips Touch: Three Times|And Esme remembered in a rush--the wolfsong, the haunting, lyrical spirals of it in the dawn quiet and the feeling of euphoria that had attended it. Even in recollection the howling uplifted her like the crescendo at the end of a symphony and made her heartbeat quicken.
Danny DeVito|I think it's harder to go from comedy to drama than from drama to comedy. Seeing you dramatic all the time, they crave to see you being silly or funny. But, seeing you in comedy all the time, it's hard to see that person go be serious, for some reason.
William Browning Spencer|The advantage of being married a long time was that one could argue without the necessity of the other's actual, physical presence.
Xiaolu Guo, Village of Stone|Red's world, you see, is a closed circle. Not that it matters. I know that I'm a closed circle, too, and it's all I can do to find some starting point from myself, while at the same time trying to find my own terminus. There's no way I'm ever going to find my beginning or end in somebody else's circle. Two people together never add up to anything more than one person added to another. That we continue to add ourselves up in this way is the reason human beings will always be lonely.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|Human hearts are made to bleed at the sight a precious item destroyed, irrespective of who owns the item.
Carol Lynch Williams, Miles from Ordinary|Lacey-girl, books take you anywhere. Any place you want to go. You remember that always.
Nâzım Hikmet, Poems of Nazım Hikmet|At times his arrogance did resolve itself into simplicity, though it was difficult, especially for strangers, to distinguish these occasions.
Nurudeen Ushawu|There's nothing I did not hear, there's nothing I did not see, but I never despair.
J.W. Lord|Yet I also felt, for the first time, truly and sincerely pissed. It was enough already. Enough! I’d reached that point that comes in the life of most anxiety sufferers when, fed up by the constant waking torture, dejected and buckled but not yet crushed, they at last turn to their anxiety, to themselves, and say, “Listen here: Fuck you. Fuck you! I am sick and fucking tired of this bullshit. I refuse to let you win. I am not going to take it anymore. You are ruining my fucking life and you MUST FUCKING DIE!” Unfortunately, this approach rarely solves the problem. Anxiety doesn’t bend to absolutism. You have to take a subtler, more reasoned approach. But that doesn’t mean anger is totally unhelpful. Being pissed off is a strong cocktail for the will. It stiffens the spine. It strengthens resolve. It makes a person less willing to run away from the anxiety and more willing to walk into it, which you’re going to have to do, ultimately, if you don’t want to end up a complete agoraphobic. Anger breeds defiance, and defiance is inspiriting. It’s good to refuse to give in to anxiety. You just have to know how much you can take.
Melina Marchetta, Froi of the Exiles|When a woman has not received much flattery in her life, she will be seduced.
Gugu Mona|Tell the truth about any situation & you are delivered from lack of progress, but become hypocritical or lying, and you may be in bondage for life.
Debra Dean|Once she had thought that she might discover some key to her mother if only she could get her likeness right, but she has since learned that the mysteries of another person only deepen, the longer one looks.
Irving Babbitt|I think America has a responsibility to maintain its leadership in technology and its moral leadership in the world, to explore, to seek knowledge.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|Say no! I thought. Say you want yourself all for your own self. Say that you have no specific country, say that you are important without any story from above, say that your home is with me and the other girls up in the sky.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|Current research in any field of Science has not yet reached the point where we could start exploring the existential question regarding God as a Supreme Entity driving causality in the universe. However, as modern Neuroscience progresses further and gets more advanced, we shall get to dive deeper into the physiological processes underneath the Qualia of God in human mind. What we have seen so far through our studies in Neurotheology, is that it is not God himself/herself/itself, rather it is people’s perception of God that influences the human life. The Qualia of God impact all aspects of human life by altering the body chemistry at a cellular level.
Yelena Lugin, In The Crossfire|Don’t think that this conversation is over.” Kat eyed the two of us.“I’ll make sure no hellion harms a hair on her head until we get the full story.” Nikki smiled.“I am never stealing fruit for the two of you ever again.” I begrudgingly replied.“Oh I really doubt that it was stolen.” Nikki beamed. “You’re just as bad as Barakiel.” “I guess he’s been bound to rub off on me some, but I am way prettier.” She spoke as I moved past her towards the door, yanking it open.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Your own dreams stand alone, longing to be fulfilled, and you wonder if it will ever happen. You must have faith. Just as the bus was a little late, so too can fulfilment of your desires come a bit late.
Augusten Burroughs|I want to write something that means something to someone...the reminds them of what a second, a moment, really is...or that assures them that we are just as lost as they are. I want to write an emotion they are too fragile to let loose, so that my words can do the expression for them, the feeling for them. I want to write beyond the basics and the cliches...I want to write you, I want to write a long walk on a starry night, I want to write an exhale or an inhale...or suffocation.I want to write as clear as my voice could be heard...that is, if I had anything to say.
Philip Chesterfield|If ever a man and his wife, or a man and his mistress, who pass nights as well as days together, absolutely lay aside all good breeding, their intimacy will soon degenerate into a coarse familiarity, infallibly productive of contempt or disgust.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|We reach in desperation beyond the fog, beyond the very stars, the voids of the universe are ransacked to justify the monster, and stamped with a human face. London is religions opportunity--not the decorous religion of theologians, but an anthropomorphic, crude. Yes, the continuous flow would be tolerable if a man of our own sort--not anyone pompous or tearful--were caring for us up in the sky.
A.E. Samaan, From a "Race of Masters" to a "Master Race": 1948 to 1848|Why does The Holocaust persist in haunting our conscience? Why does it dominate the introspection of philosophers and historians alike? By the numbers alone, the murders were not unprecedented. At that juncture of 20th Century history, Stalin and Lenin had already brutally murdered tens of millions. The Holocaust fascinates not because of its numbers, but because of the means employed. At no point in time had an entire society dedicated its full might to the perpetual elimination of those unwanted elements of the population. Every aspect of Hitler’s National Socialism was geared towards cleansing and improving the breeding stock of Germania. Hitler’s National Socialist government was focused on the breeding, education, and training of a “master race.” The social, cultural, legislative, and industrial mechanisms of Hitler’s National Socialism were designed to perpetually “select” its populace. The central planners of National Socialism would “select” those that would live, those that would die, and those that would be sterilized slave labor. National Socialism was intended to have the “total” control to decide who would be allowed to procreate, and as a result, those that would be allowed to contribute to Hitler’s ideal society.
Meister Eckhart|During difficult times, it's best to cut down on sweets like cookies, cake and candy. Satisfy your sweet tooth with fruit to help prevent blood sugar dips and spikes.
C. JoyBell C.|You need to accept your greatness, you need to rise up into your full stature, because if you don’t, you are going to continually bow down low to enter into the caves of those who would have you believing that you were born for caves; when in fact, those are their caves and they were born for them. You think that you’re not allowed to stand tall in your mind, heart and body— but you are! And when you do, you’ll see how little those caves and the people in them, really are. It’s difficult, because you want everyone to matter, but really, most of them just don’t. Only a few do. Most of them aren’t even worth being mad at.
Susan Cooper, Over Sea, Under Stone|Cities on the ocean have a choice whether to turn their faces or their backs to the water, lining the shore either with pretty hotels and rich homes or dim warehouses, narrow streets, and greasy piers. All prairie towns turn away from the prairie, however. The huddled houses form a storm-battened island in the midst of endless space.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You ought to find the joy, hope and love of existence.
Joel Osteen|God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
Aishabella Sheikh, Entwined|I felt like I was riding into infinity, and soon I forgot I existed as the sky surrounded us in a blanket of stars, constellations the texture of slushies, swirling blue and violet and gold. I was swallowed b the universe, riding on a white horse in a midnight dream...
Liana LeFey, Once a Courtesan|I often find that once a child unlocks the secret of words, they hunger for them. There is a kind of magic in reading. It takes the mind to places where the body may not go, allowing one to forget, for a while, life's troubles.
Ikechukwu Izuakor|A man shouldn't bite the hand that feeds him, even if another holds out a golden spoon to him as reward after his betrayal.
Kjell Magne Bondevik|Scientific research involves going beyond the well-trodden and well-tested ideas and theories that form the core of scientific knowledge. During the time scientists are working things out, some results will be right, and others will be wrong. Over time, the right results will emerge.
Willa Cather, O Pioneers!|The land belongs to the future, Carl; that's the way it seems to me. How many of the names on the county clerk's plat will be there in fifty years? I might as well try to will the sunset over there to my brother's children. We come and go, but the land is always here. And the people who love it and understand it are the people who own it--for a little while.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Priory School|Now, Watson," said he, "we have picked up two clues this morning. One is the bicycle with the Palmer tyre, and we see what that has led to. The other is the bicycle with the patched Dunlop. Before we start to investigate that, let us try to realize what we do know, so as to make the most of it, and to separate the essential from the accidental.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our compassion, spirituality, and appreciation of beauty provide us with the capacity to love.
Stanley Kunitz|I can hardly wait for tomorrow, it means a new life for me each and every day.
Sophie Avett, 'Twas the Darkest Night (Darkest Hour Saga, #1)|That's it? That's all that happens after you topple from grace? We lose our rubies and rations?" Marshall smirked. "Woe is me.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|You don't believe that your friend could ever do anything great. You despise yourself in secret, even – no, especially – when you stand on your dignity; and since you despise yourself, you are unable to respect your friend. You can't bring yourself to believe that anyone you have sat at table with, or shared a house with, is capable of great achievement. That is why all great men have been solitary. It is hard to think in your company, little man. One can only think 'about' you, or 'for your benefit', not 'with' you, for you stifle all big, generous ideas.
Mark W. Boyer|In order for someone to be 100% content, they must first believe it to be so.
Ian Fleming, Doctor No|If you fail at the large things it means you have not large ambitions. Concentration, focus - that is all. The aptitudes come, the tools forge themselves.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|Death is a long process," Archer says. "Your body is just the first part of you that croaks." Meaning: Beyond that, your dreams have to die. Then your expectations. And your anger about investing a lifetime in learning shit and loving people and earning money, only to have all that crap come to basically nothing. Really, your physical body dying is the easy part. Beyond that, your memories must die. And your ego. Your pride and shame and ambition and hope, all that Personal Identity Crap can take centuries to expire.
|God has already given us peace of mind, but some of us are yet to experience it, because they continue to feed the wrong words to their subconscious mind.
John Lasseter|'Bambi' is an amazing film, and when you watch it today, it's just as beautiful. It's timeless. It's just as beautiful today as it was back then.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|I didn’t thank God. Doctor Carter, do you think everything happened the way it did because I forgot to thank God? Do you think that God might somehow be as petty as I am?
Jeff Duncan|In documentary filmmaking, there's a tradition of telling stories about victims. We often do that from a very patronizing place, but mostly we do it from a very selfish place, to reassure ourselves that our lives are in sympathy and solidarity with the victims.
Joel Fuhrman|The modern diet is grossly deficient in hundreds of important plant-derived immunity-building compounds which makes us highly vulnerable to viruses, infections and disease.
Karen Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|When someone is walking beside us, we have more courage to walk into the unknown and to risk the dark and messy places in our journey.
Bernie Sanders|Shortly after my dad died, my mom figured that if I could do a few commercials, I'd get a college fund.
Annalee Newitz|In adapting to life in the melting pot of America, I discovered that the same soft power of science has a huge influence in building bridges between cultures and religions - and has the potential to do so with the Muslim world.
Walter Pater|If you believe your catcher is intelligent and you know that he has considerable experience, it is a good thing to leave the game almost entirely in his hands.
Neil Bartlett, Skin Lane|SpleenJe suis comme le roi d'un pays pluvieux,Riche, mais impuissant, jeune et pourtant très vieux,Qui, de ses précepteurs méprisant les courbettes,S'ennuie avec ses chiens comme avec d'autres bêtes.Rien ne peut l'égayer, ni gibier, ni faucon,Ni son peuple mourant en face du balcon.Du bouffon favori la grotesque balladeNe distrait plus le front de ce cruel malade;Son lit fleurdelisé se transforme en tombeau,Et les dames d'atour, pour qui tout prince est beau,Ne savent plus trouver d'impudique toilettePour tirer un souris de ce jeune squelette.Le savant qui lui fait de l'or n'a jamais puDe son être extirper l'élément corrompu,Et dans ces bains de sang qui des Romains nous viennent,Et dont sur leurs vieux jours les puissants se souviennent,II n'a su réchauffer ce cadavre hébétéOù coule au lieu de sang l'eau verte du Léthé //I'm like the king of a rain-country, richbut sterile, young but with an old wolf's itch,one who escapes his tutor's monologues,and kills the day in boredom with his dogs;nothing cheers him, darts, tennis, falconry,his people dying by the balcony;the bawdry of the pet hermaphroditeno longer gets him through a single night;his bed of fleur-de-lys becomes a tomb;even the ladies of the court, for whomall kings are beautiful, cannot put onshameful enough dresses for this skeleton;the scholar who makes his gold cannot inventwashes to cleanse the poisoned element;even in baths of blood, Rome's legacy,our tyrants' solace in senility,he cannot warm up his shot corpse, whose foodis syrup-green Lethean ooze, not blood.— Robert Lowell, from Marthiel & Jackson Matthews, eds., The Flowers of Evil (NY: New Directions, 1963)
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|What a joy it is to look at loved ones, flowers, trees, the sky, bird, mountains, babies, and sunsets, to mention a very few things, and know how special they really are. What a joy it is to see the hand of God around you constantly, even in a troubled world.
Yrsa Daley-Ward, bone|You can't quell depression by making love. But we tried. But we tried, oh, we did.
Molly Harper, How to Flirt with a Naked Werewolf|I wasn't trying to make you jealous. But if jealousy does this to you, I might need to consider it.” He gripped my sides firmly, letting his lips gently dance over mine, “Mags, I’m yours. You have nothing to worry about.
Philip Larkin, The North Ship|LamiumMigraine dreams, jagged seams,A badge of love and pain.Or dreamy eyes, sleepy eyes,Drooping, closing, losing light.Packages scattered under the tree,Some torn open, some tied tight.Is there a heartbeat in those purple veins?Are those embryos or mouths or rosary beads?The color of my first dress, gathered with love,Fairy cups stirred with blades of grass,notes clustered on a windy score,Three blooms, three friends, alas!Grape flowers, cloud flowers, love flowers,Paper parasols upside down, a butterfly herdStopped to rest by a deep green pool.Petals small as a child's tears good-bye,Dropped stitches everywhereFrom a blanket the color of sky.
Walter Cronkite|In America, through pressure of conformity, there is freedom of choice, but nothing to choose from.
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|That’s why all of those records from high school sound so good. It’s. It that the songs were better- it’s that we were listening to them with our friends, drunk for the first time on liqueurs, touching sweaty palms, staring for hours at a poster on the wall, not grossed out by carpet or dirt or crumpled, oily bedsheets. These songs and albums were the best ones because of how huge adolescence felt then, and how nostalgia recasts it now. Nostalgia is so certain: the sense of familiarity it instills makes us feel like we know ourselves, like we’ve lived. To get a sense that we have already journeyed through something- survived it, experienced it- is often so much easier and less messy than the task of currently living though something. Though hard to grasp, nostalgia is elating to bask in- temporarily restoring color to the past. It creates a sense memory that momentarily simulates context. Nostalgia is recall without the criticism of the present day, all the good parts, memory without the pain. Finally, nostalgia asks so little of us, just to be noticed and revisited; it doesn’t require the difficult task of negotiation, the heartache and uncertainty that the present does.
Laurence Binyon|We too should make ourselves empty, that the great soul of the universe may fill us with its breath.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|AlmondineTo her, the scent and the memory of him were one. Where it lay strongest, the distant past came to her as if that morning: Taking a dead sparrow from her jaws, before she knew to hide such things. Guiding her to the floor, bending her knee until the arthritis made it stick, his palm hotsided on her ribs to measure her breaths and know where the pain began. And to comfort her. That had been the week before he went away.He was gone, she knew this, but something of him clung to the baseboards. At times the floor quivered under his footstep. She stood then and nosed into the kitchen and the bathroom and the bedroom-especially the closet-her intention to press her ruff against his hand, run it along his thigh, feel the heat of his body through the fabric.Places, times, weather-all these drew him up inside her. Rain, especially, falling past the double doors of the kennel, where he’d waited through so many storms, each drop throwing a dozen replicas into the air as it struck the waterlogged earth. And where the rising and falling water met, something like an expectation formed, a place where he might appear and pass in long strides, silent and gestureless. For she was not without her own selfish desires: to hold things motionless, to measure herself against them and find herself present, to know that she was alive precisely because he needn’t acknowledge her in casual passing; that utter constancy might prevail if she attended the world so carefully. And if not constancy, then only those changes she desired, not those that sapped her, undefined her.And so she searched. She’d watched his casket lowered into the ground, a box, man-made, no more like him than the trees that swayed under the winter wind. To assign him an identity outside the world was not in her thinking. The fence line where he walked and the bed where he slept-that was where he lived, and they remembered him.Yet he was gone. She knew it most keenly in the diminishment of her own self. In her life, she’d been nourished and sustained by certain things, him being one of them, Trudy another, and Edgar, the third and most important, but it was really the three of them together, intersecting in her, for each of them powered her heart a different way. Each of them bore different responsibilities to her and with her and required different things from her, and her day was the fulfillment of those responsibilities. She could not imagine that portion of her would never return. With her it was not hope, or wistful thoughts-it was her sense of being alive that thinned by the proportion of her spirit devoted to him."ory of Edgar Sawtelle"As spring came on, his scent about the place began to fade. She stopped looking for him. Whole days she slept beside his chair, as the sunlight drifted from eastern-slant to western-slant, moving only to ease the weight of her bones against the floor.And Trudy and Edgar, encapsulated in mourning, somehow forgot to care for one another, let alone her. Or if they knew, their grief and heartache overwhelmed them. Anyway, there was so little they might have done, save to bring out a shirt of his to lie on, perhaps walk with her along the fence line, where fragments of time had snagged and hung. But if they noticed her grief, they hardly knew to do those things. And she without the language to ask.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Be careful, though.""Aren't I always?""No, I think the word for how you usually are is 'reckless.
Rebecca Paula, Everly After|Almost immediately after jazz musicians arrived in Paris, they began to gather in two of the city’s most important creative neighborhoods: Montmartre and Montparnasse, respectively the Right and Left Bank haunts of artists, intellectuals, poets, and musicians since the late nineteenth century. Performing in these high-profile and popular entertainment districts could give an advantage to jazz musicians because Parisians and tourists already knew to go there when they wanted to spend a night out on the town. As hubs of artistic imagination and experimentation, Montmartre and Montparnasse therefore attracted the kinds of audiences that might appreciate the new and thrilling sounds of jazz. For many listeners, these locations leant the music something of their own exciting aura, and the early success of jazz in Paris probably had at least as much to do with musicians playing there as did other factors.In spite of their similarities, however, by the 1920s these neighborhoods were on two very different paths, each representing competing visions of what France could become after the war. And the reactions to jazz in each place became important markers of the difference between the two areas and visions. Montmartre was legendary as the late-nineteenth-century capital of “bohemian Paris,” where French artists had gathered and cabaret songs had filled the air. In its heyday, Montmartre was one of the centers of popular entertainment, and its artists prided themselves on flying in the face of respectable middle-class values. But by the 1920s, Montmartre represented an established artistic tradition, not the challenge to bourgeois life that it had been at the fin de siècle. Entertainment culture was rapidly changing both in substance and style in the postwar era, and a desire for new sounds, including foreign music and exotic art, was quickly replacing the love for the cabarets’ French chansons. Jazz was not entirely to blame for such changes, of course. Commercial pressures, especially the rapidly growing tourist trade, eroded the popularity of old Montmartre cabarets, which were not always able to compete with the newer music halls and dance halls. Yet jazz bore much of the criticism from those who saw the changes in Montmartre as the death of French popular entertainment. Montparnasse, on the other hand, was the face of a modern Paris. It was the international crossroads where an ever changing mixture of people celebrated, rather than lamented, cosmopolitanism and exoticism in all its forms, especially in jazz bands. These different attitudes within the entertainment districts and their institutions reflected the impact of the broader trends at work in Paris—the influx of foreign populations, for example, or the advent of cars and electricity on city streets as indicators of modern technology—and the possible consequences for French culture. Jazz was at the confluence of these trends, and it became a convenient symbol for the struggle they represented.
RVM|Some people find life boring, there’s too much time. Few find Life so exciting that there’s no time at all and Life just zooms by
Eileen Myles|I have heard an argument that transgender people oppress transsexual people because we are trying to tear down the categories of male and female. But isn't this the same reactionary argument used against transmen and transwomen by those who argue that any challenges to assigned birth sex threaten the categories of man and woman? Transgender people are not dismantling the categories of man and woman. We are opening up a world of possibilities in addition. Each of us has a right to our identities. To claim one group of downtrodden people is oppressing another by their self-identification is to swing your guns away from those who really do oppress us, and to aim them at those who are already under siege.
Samuel Hahnemann|Best and I worked in the sub-basement of the old medical building day and night. Time, meals, sleep - all were of secondary consideration. We had to get insulin into a form that was refined enough for continued clinical use.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Karakarof spat onto the ground at Dumbledore's feet. In one swift movement, Hagrid seized the front of Karkaroff's furs, lifted him into the air, and slammed him against a nearby tree.
Joan Crawford|Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Ivanov: And this whole romance of ours is commonplace and trite: he lost heart, and he lost his way. She came along, strong and brave in spirit, and gave him an helping hand. That's all very well and plausible in novels, but in life...Sasha: In life it's the same.Ivanov: I see you have a fine understanding of life!
Emil M. Cioran|For the normal man, life is an undisputed reality; only the sick man is delighted by life and praises it so that he won't collapse.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Zachariah, Zachariah,' whispers Rachel, casting a practised eye over the back of his head and down the length of him, from the shoulder blades where his wings once grew, epochs ago, in some other guise: angel—guardian, avenging—or great vagrant bird—Daurian Jackdaw, Chimney Swift, Pacific Loon!
Diane Lane|Music is the social act of communication among people, a gesture of friendship, the strongest there is.
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|She made me a stranger unto myself, she was all of those calm nights and tall eucalyptus trees, the desert stars, that land and sky, that fog outside, and I had come there with no purpose save to be a mere writer, to get money, to make a name for myself and all that piffle. She was so much finer than I, so much more honest, that I was sick of myself and I could not look at her warm eyes, I suppressed the shiver brought on by her brown arms around my neck and the long fingers in my hair. I did not kiss her. She kissed me, author of The Little Dog Laughed.
Debasish Mridha|If you have to ask, ask for the ability to help others.
Nathan Reese Maher|I can’t help but ask, “Do you know where you are?”She turns to me with a foreboding glare. “Do you?
Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love Story|Reading is difficult. People just aren't meant to read anymore. We're in a post-literate age. You know, a visual age. How many years after the fall of Rome did it take for a Dante to appear? Many, many years.
Alice Walker|Here we will solve with laws and dollars, problems that too many people around the world still must solve with violence and civil war.
Madeleine L'Engle|If I were in his(Prophet Muhammad) presence, I would wash his feet.
Tessa Clare, The Divinity Bureau|When you have nothing left, you don’t have anything to lose.
Michael Benzehabe|Zoe stopped one last time in front of the mirror, adjusting her new American dress. She didn’t see the dress, however. She saw what the big Russian did to her. She saw what al-Qaeda did to her. She saw a person shunned by her Persian village. She saw ugliness. Every time she looked in the mirror she saw deficiency.
Charles Benoit, You|Here are the Top Ten things that your parents say to you:-Is that all you're going to do all day, sit in front of the computer?-When I was your age I had two jobs.-Why don't you wear some clothes that fir for a change?-Turn it down. I can hear it all the way over here.-You're not eating that for dinner.-Did you do your homework?-Stop mumbling and speak up.-Now what did you do?-Because I said so.-No.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|I can't describe the feeling when I go down – it's down down down and there's never going to be an up again. And whatever was good isn't good any more; white becomes grey, music becomes dictionaries, honey becomes beer and the sky a curdled lemon. There's no caramel anymore.
Studs Terkel|Our intentions may be very good, but, because the intelligence is limited, the action may turn out to be a mistake - a mistake, but not necessarily a sin, for sin comes out of a wrong intention.
Marianne Escobar|MOMENTSI saw you firstYou looked exactly The same as beforeTall and awkward and shyI walked towards youMy hands clammy I felt cold insideMy insides were shakingCant runThis is it.U saw meYour face brightenedA smile painted on your faceI missed itYour smileIt brought back the pastYou walkedI walkedNearerIt feels like in theMoviesTwo peopleA boy and a girlMeeting halfwayHoping for a happyEver afterI stopped Right before I reached youI realizedThis isn't like the moviesI turnedI told myselfDon’t smileYou reached meCloseSo closeI felt the urgeTo touch youHug youAnd maybeKiss youThere weren't HellosOnly silent prayersSmiling You reached for my handGiving me somethingYou knew I loveIt was awkwardYou standing thereMe standing thereSo closeToo closeYet so farI looked up to youI tried to ask myselfAre you for real?You smiled widerShy but happyYou left as fastAs you came backIt was for a secondI hated timeI wished it wasA little bit longerWith that,I knewI still want you.
Megan Mitcham, Justice Mine|You seem to like helping, taking care of people," he said. "That is admirable.""You enjoy being nurtured?""Well, that isn’t all you promise. When you touch me, I feel a fire at my center. You want me to grow and find my true story, my purpose. You seem to want to be there when I see new things. You want to share and enjoy my discoveries.
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|Interest and enthusiasm are the wellspring of continually evolving community life: they create bonds which unite us whether we are young or old, nearby or far from each other; they allow human warmth and love to be the formative forces in personal and community life and striving.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Everyone smiles in the same language, Happiness knows no frontiers, no age. No difference thar makes us feel apart if a smile can win even a broken heart.
Edward Furlong|I want my clothes to have a life and then end up in a secondhand store, where some cool girl discovers them 20 years later. If the runway or red carpet is the only life clothes have, it's sad.
Erin Bowman, Vengeance Road|I have found awareness to be one of the most rewarding, and yet one of the most painful journeys one can embark on.
Amy Bloom|There is a virtue, I must presume, in shamelessness, since by placing on parade the things one does not know, one discovers that no one else knows either.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|It was too perfect to last,' so I am tempted to say of our marriage. But it can be meant in two ways. It may be grimly pessimistic - as if God no sooner saw two of His creatures happy than He stopped it ('None of that here!'). As if He were like the Hostess at the sherry-party who separates two guests the moment they show signs of having got into a real conversation. But it could also mean 'This had reached its proper perfection. This had become what it had in it to be. Therefore of course it would not be prolonged.' As if God said, 'Good; you have mastered that exercise. I am very pleased with it. And now you are ready to go on to the next.
Brendan Behan|In our brief national history we have shot four of our presidents, worried five of them to death, impeached one and hounded another out of office. And when all else fails, we hold an election and assassinate their character.
Suzanne Enoch, Lady Rogue|Reg: Furth's in London. And yes, I know, it's my fault. But as long as I'ver roused the lion, I was going to ask you to speak to him on my behalf.Alex: You wish me to speak to Furth.Reg: Well, yes. He's always like you. Just tell him what a noble, upright fellow I am, and how I have always upheld my position with dignity and respect.Alex: Lie, you mean.REg: Whatever it takes.
Christopher Hitchens, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|There is a noticeable element of the pathological in some current leftist critiques, which I tend to attribute to feelings of guilt allied to feelings of impotence. Not an attractive combination, because it results in self-hatred.
R.A.Delmonico|If a photon is emitted by an electron inside of a clock on Earth and it travels to a clock four light years away, time stops for the clock on Earth and time jumps forward eight years for the distant clock, also the electron that will capture the photon becomes infinitely large, relative to the photon but the electron that emitted it does not become infinitely small therefore, time is not perfectly symmetrical.
Lao Tzu|Everything passes, but nothing entirely goes away.
Criss Jami|To be respected is not my concern. So long as I seek to live in obedience to my Lord, respect will come accordingly from the people He deems it necessary.
Harmon Okinyo|Believing is seeing" is much more effective for me than the old notion that seeing is believing.
David Weber, Oath of Swords|It's always funny that you can try and try again to steal all your critics' ammo, predict their responses, but no matter what, they'll still have a water gun stashed somewhere.
Joyce Rachelle|Yes you have returnedAnd things are as they wereBut this you cannot hide,A part of you has died.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|What does ‘hmm’ have to do with anything? Could you ever use more than five words? All this grunting and minced words make you come across—primal.”His smile tipped higher. “Primal.”“You’re impossible.”“Me Jev, you Nora.
Virginia Alison|Only fate would decree how it reached its destiny, which always waited just around the corner, over the hill...
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|I was with book, as a woman is with child.
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|You’re really a good girl, poor you.
Clive Barker, The Thief of Always|If you have a problem with the Moon in the sky and you are unhappy, change yourself, because the Moon won’t change!
Tammy-Louise Wilkins|...real age, as I came to see from the genuine pieces that passed through my hands, was variable, crooked, capricious, singing here and sullen there, warm asymmetrical streaks on a rosewood cabinet from where a slant of sun had struck it while the other side was as dark as the day it was cut.
Jen Naumann, Cheating Death|You know that feeling when everyone around you is happy and you feel like you're standing back to watch them from afar? Like you're in this crappy little theatre all by yourself, watching the lives of other people who are totally fabulous? Yeah, that's me.
Anna Netrebko|I went to a school called Tring Park School for the Performing Arts. I went because initially I was very naughty, and my mom thought if I was busy, I'd be better. And I didn't really do acting until later on in the school, with an amazing teacher. I left, went traveling, came back.
Jamie Harrison|If he’d explained his reasoning with humor, rather than with condescension, she might have stayed sane; now she’d grind his bones to make her bread.-The Widow Nash
C.C. Hunter, Taken at Dusk|When he didn't answer, she didn't know if it was because he couldn't or if he was back to not talking to her. Back to pushing her out of his life.Men! Why was it that boys said girls were so hard to understand, when she hadn't known a single guy who hadn't confused her to the point of screaming?
Charlotte Eriksson|When you forget about the how, go back to the why.
Natalie Imbruglia|I can understand why some people might look at me and say, 'What's she got to be depressed about?' I get that a lot in Britain, where mental health issues seem to be a big taboo.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|It’s like we are having a harvest of destruction in our nations, continent and world today, all because of ignorance.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|I did stand-up comedy for 18 years. Ten of those years were spent learning, four years were spent refining, and four years were spent in wild success. I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a byproduct. The course was more plodding than heroic.
Susan Fletcher|We have our stories, and we speak of them, and weave them into other people's stories - that's how it goes, does it not?
Richard O. Prum, The Evolution of Beauty: How Darwin's Forgotten Theory of Mate Choice Shapes the Animal World - And Us|When there are no expectations affecting a choice, it should be taken immediately. Overthinking such a choice will only lead to headaches and missed opportunities. Moreover, when this choice is taken, all alternatives should be eliminated immediately to avoid the pitfalls of groundless regrets.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|...[A]ll the elements which belong to the notion of happiness are altogether empirical, that is, they must be borrowed from experience, and nevertheless the idea of happiness requires an absolute whole, a maximum of welfare in my present and all future circumstances. Now it is impossible that the most clear-sighted and at the same time most powerful being (supposed finite) should frame to himself a definite conception of what he really wills in this. Does he will riches, how much anxiety, envy, and snares might he not thereby draw upon his shoulders? Does he will knowledge and discernment, perhaps it might prove to be only an eye so much the sharper to show him so much the more fearfully the evils that are now concealed from him and that cannot be avoided, or to impose more wants on his desires, which already give him concern enough. Would he have long life? Who guarantees to him that it would not be a long misery? Would he at least have health? How often has uneasiness of the body restrained from excesses into which perfect health would have allowed one to fall, and so on? In short, he is unable, on any principle, to determine with certainty what would make him truly happy; because to do so he would need to be omniscient.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Remember when your curiosity inspired your investigative mind to explore and learn… you weren’t bogged down with resentment, cynicism, and emotional baggage… just think about how great it would be to return to that mindset of unencumbered learning and adventurous living… you are just one choice away from that life… choose to let go of the infertile past… go live your adventure!
Gertrude Stein, Tender Buttons|In the morning there is meaning, in the evening there is feeling.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Brother—”“I thought we’d already decided we weren’t that, either.”Grabbing his shoulder, I stopped him before he could reach the door. “Look, I’m sorry! I’m sorry I did this to you.”He turned to look at me, his brow raised high. “You’re sorry. So, what . . . we go back to being cool again?”“I don’t know, man. But we can’t do this.”“And why can’t we? You couldn’t stand to let me have one normal day with her. Have I done anything to you since she and I broke up?” He paused, but I didn’t respond. “No. I haven’t. You dealt with it by being an ass, so let me deal with this my way. And my way doesn’t include acting like you didn’t steal my girl from me.”“I didn’t steal Harper!”He opened the door and took a step outside, his shaking hand gripping the outer knob. When he looked back at me, his eyes were flat and lifeless. “You stole my entire world.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Night|Most people would rather suffer through a bad situation than take the steps needed to free themselves, especially if they knew that by freeing themselves, it would make them hunted.
Michael Hainey, After Visiting Friends: A Son's Story|The past gives you no justice. Sentences are passed. But that doesn't mean you get justice. You can stand there forever and rail and say, 'Someone has to pay. I want what was taken from me.' But you're just going to get silence coming back at you. The past doesn't pay. We pay. And we're all free to decide when we've had enough.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|When you tend to another's dying embers, you find both warmth and an increase in the glow of your own fire.
Toni Morrison|All paradises, all utopias are designed by who is not there, by the people who are not allowed in., March 9, 1998]
Billy Marshall Stoneking|It’s useful to make the distinction between reports and stories. A report is above all responsible for providing the facts, without manipulation or interpretation. Stories, on the other hand, are a way that people try to make sense of their lives and their experiences in the world. The test of a good story isn’t its responsibility to the facts as much as its ability to provide a satisfying explanation of events. In a few paragraphs, the reader learns of the problem (sales and profits are down), gets a plausible explanation (the company lost its direction), and learns a lesson (don’t stray, focus on the core). There’s a neat end with a clean resolution. No threads are left hanging. Readers go away satisfied.Now, there’s nothing wrong with stories, provided we understand that’s what we have before us. More insidious, however, are stories that are dressed up to look like science. They take the form of science and claim to have the authority of science, but they miss the real rigor and logic of science. They’re better described as pseudoscience. Richard Feynman had an even more memorable phrase: Cargo Cult Science. Here’s the way Feynman described it: In the South Seas there is a cult of people. During the war they saw airplanes land with lots of materials, and they want the same thing to happen now. So they’ve arranged to make things like runways, to put fires along the sides of the runways, to make a wooden hut for a man to sit in, with two wooden pieces on his head like headphones and bars of bamboo sticking out like antennas — he’s the controller — and they wait for the airplanes to land. They’re doing everything right. The form is perfect. But it doesn’t work. No airplanes land. So I call these things Cargo Cult Science, because they follow all the apparent precepts and forms of scientific investigation, but they’re missing something essential, because the planes don’t land.That’s not to say that Cargo Cult Science doesn’t have some benefits. The folks who wait patiently by the landing strips on their tropical island, dressed up like flight controllers and wearing a pair of coconut headsets, may derive some contentment from the whole process — they may live in hope of a better future, they may enjoy having something to believe in, and they may feel closer to supernatural powers. But it’s just that — it’s a story. It’s not a good predictor of what will happen next.The business world is full of Cargo Cult Science, books and articles that claim to be rigorous scientific research but operate mainly at the level of storytelling.
Emory Sharplin, Scrap|It is a natural propensity to attribute misfortune to someone’s malignity. When prices rise, it is due to the profiteer; when wages fall, it is due to the capitalist. Why the capitalist is ineffective when wages rise, and the profiteer when prices fall, the man in the street does not inquire. Nor does he notice that wages and prices rise and fall together. If he is a capitalist, he wants wages to fall and prices to rise; if he is a wage earner, he wants the opposite. When a currency expert tries to explain that profiteers and trade unions and ordinary employers have very little to do with the matter, he irritates everybody, like the man who threw doubt on German atrocities. (In World War I) We do not like to be robbed of an enemy; we want someone to have when we suffer. It is so depressing to think taht we suffer because we are fools; yet taking mankind in mass, that is the truth. For this reason, no political party can acquire any driving force except through hatred; it must hold someone to obloquy. If so-and-so’s wickedness is the sole cause of our misery, let us punish so-and-so and we shall be happy. The supreme example of this kind of political thought was the Treaty of Versailles. Yet most people are only seeking some new scapegoat to replace the Germans.
Joan Jett|Time, in general, has always been a central obsession of mine - what it does to people, how it can constitute a plot all on its own. So naturally, I am interested in old age.
Henry Ward Beecher|And when you crush an apple with your teeth, say to it in your heart:Your seeds shall live in my body,And the buds of your tomorrow shall blossom in my heart,And your fragrance shall be my breath,And together we shall rejoice through all the seasons.
Jaime Rush|from Out of the Darkness (book 2):Zoe met Eric's eyes. Even in her platforms she was still a few inches shorter than he was. "And what do you do?"His mouth quirked. "I set people on fire.
Howard Pyle, The Story of King Arthur and His Knights|You are born with infinite possibilities. Take responsibility for turning these possibilities into reality, and you will be bestowed with success, love and eternal peace.
Agatha Christie, The Labours of Hercules|Poirot, watching him, felt suddenly a doubt--an uncomfortable twinge. Was there, here, something that he had missed? Some richness of the spirit? Sadness crept over him. Yes, he should have become acquainted with the classics. Long ago. Now, alas, it was too late....
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The creek that was once a fishery for Atlantic salmon, a swimming hole for kids, and a focal point of community life now runs as brown as chocolate milk. Allied Chemical and its successors deny any role in the formation of the mudboils. They claim it was an act of God. What kind of God would that be?
Mary E. Pearson, The Adoration of Jenna Fox|It's the unknown that I fear, the bites of memories that still have no connections.
John Bytheway, How to Be Totally Miserable|If you're trying to be miserable, it's important you don't have any goals. No school goals, personal goals, family goals. Your only objective each day should be to inhale and exhale for sixteen hours before you go to bed again. Don't read anything informative, don't listen to anything useful, don't do anything productive. If you start achieving goals, you might start to feel a sense of excitement, then you might want to set another goal, and then your miserable mornings are through. To maintain your misery, the idea of crossing off your goals should never cross your mind.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|Choices made, whether bad or good, follow you forever and affect everyone in their path one way or another.
Kate Karyus Quinn, (Don't You) Forget About Me|Since you've been gone, Piper, I've become as bad with the sighing as Mom. Sometimes it's the part of a sob that I jsut can't hold back. Sometimes the sigh's more like blowing out birthday candles to make a wish. And sometimes I do it hoping that it'll make you appear—even for just one instant—to laugh at me and tell me to stop.
Ava DuVernay|I believe Britishness is defined not on ethnic and exclusive grounds but through shared values; our history of tolerance, openness and internationalism; and our commitment to democracy and liberty, to civic duty and the public space.
C.G. Jung|Whatever is rejected from the self, appears in the world as an event.
Wordions|When someone is hurt andwe hear ourselves saying"I don't understand, why"PAUSEAt the pause, ask "What am I missing here ?"At the pause, stop judging, stop reacting,get curious and believe their hurt stateAt the pause, tap into their heart and mind.Now see how this pause transforms the conversation.
Alexis de Tocqueville|It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.
Kate Atkinson, A God in Ruins|The clock had been Sylvie's, and her mother's before that. It had gone to Ursula on Sylvie's death and Ursula had left it to Teddy, and so it had zigzagged its way down the family tree......The clock was a good one, made by Frodsham and worth quite a bit, but Teddy knew if he gave it to Viola she would sell it or misplace it or break it and it seemed important to him that it stayed in the family. An heirloom. ('Lovely word,' Bertie said.) He liked to think that the little golden key that wound it, a key that would almost certainly be lost by Viola, would continue to be turned by the hand of someone who was part of the family, part of his blood. The red thread.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Hatred wants to annihilate, but it annihilates by destroying, by making our awareness dull, by suppressing, by dividing. True Nature does not really annihilate, because something is not wiping out something else--there is no duality. The kind of annihilation that True Nature makes possible is more of a recognition, a precise understanding that Being reveals in us. We have no inner agitation in our attitude; we see and understand whatever impediment is arising, but we do not give it energy in the form of reaction, and thus it becomes still on its own and does not appear. We experience this as a dissolving or a melting, but what is actually happening is that the energy fueling the obstacle disappears, the obstacle loses its dynamism, and it simply stops arising.
Henry David Thoreau, Life Without Principle|In my opinion, the sun was made to light worthier toil than this.
Maeve Greyson, My Highland Bride|She wouldn't let him pop her cherry, but he could damn sure heat up her pie. The mere thought of a little blanket bingo made Kenna squirm in the saddle.
Eliot Spitzer|No one has the right to threaten the health, education, and well-being of children by involving them in illegal or inappropriate work.
M.T. Anderson, Symphony for the City of the Dead: Dmitri Shostakovich and the Siege of Leningrad|Some love is so powerful after all, that it must always include sadness, because encrypted within it is the knowledge that someday it will come to an end.
Brenda Hodnett, Sara in the Army|I don't want you to feel sorry for me. I want you to forgive yourself for being human, just like you would forgive anyone else.
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|You take a straight tip from the stable, Cokey, if you must hate, hate the government or the people or the sea or men, but don't hate an individual person. Who's done you a real injury. Next thing you know he'll be getting into your beer like prussic acid; and blotting out your eyes like a cataract and screaming in your ears like a brain tumour and boiling round your heart like melted lead and ramping though your guts like a cancer. And a nice fool you'd look if he knew. It would make him laugh till his teeth dropped out; from old age.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|If I had known his favorite game was mental twister, I would have suggested a movie over game night.
Pierre Berton|She’d forgotten to love, but she also forgot to hate. (about Clara’s mother, who had dementia)
William Makepeace Thackeray, The Memoirs of Barry Lyndon, Esq. written by himself|A lady who sets her heart upon a lad in uniform must prepare to change lovers pretty quickly, or her life will be but a sad one.
Don DeLillo, Point Omega|Cities were built to measure time, to remove time from nature. There’s an endless counting down, he said. When you strip away all the surfaces, when you see into it, what’s left is terror. This is the thing that literature was meant to cure.
Francine Jay, Miss Minimalist: Inspiration to Downsize, Declutter, and Simplify|Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the future, churches, mosques, synagogues and temples, all of them will be museums! The intellectual progression of humanity will necessitate such a drastic and dramatic change in the human history!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|There are so many lenses through which we look at life. There are so many lenses through which we perceive others. There are so many lenses through which we interpret things that happen to us in life and there are so many lenses that give us not just the different perspectives about life, but how we behave towards life and other people due to the reasons we have! Wealth influences our reasons and poverty directs our actions. Failure shows us a different way to behave and success gives us a different reason for action.
Daniel Paul Schreber, Memoirs of My Nervous Illness|It was as if single nights had the duration of centuries, so within that time the most profound alterations in the whole of mankind, in the earth itself and the whole solar system could very well have taken place.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can get.
Nanavira Thera|Holmes,” I cried, “this is impossible.” “Admirable!” he said. “A most illuminating remark. It IS impossible as I state it, and therefore I must in some respect have stated it wrong. Yet you saw for yourself. Can you suggest any fallacy?
George Lucas|I absolutely love genre movies. When I was a kid, I was really impacted by genre films and cult classics.
Black Elk|Open markets offer the only realistic hope of pulling billions of people in developing countries out of abject poverty, while sustaining prosperity in the industrialized world.
Duncan B Barlow, The City, Awake|The moon was barely visible behind the pillows of clouds. Overhead, the lights caught the drizzle in a slow-motion light show.
Barack Obama|Let it be told to the future world that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive, that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet it.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Ingersoll the Magnificent|The greatest admission a human can make is that perhaps he does not have the intelligence, the vision, the grasp to fully understand the universe, and that perhaps no human ever will. To put it all down to some omnipotent deity is a cop-out. Factor in fairy tales of an afterlife and it becomes a comforting cop-out.
Mila Kunis|I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions.
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|To her, writing is making stock and reading is sipping broth, but only the spoken word is the full roasted chicken.
Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in this One|You’re wrong about one thing: fairy-tales do exist. Millions of existing parents read existing fairy-tales every night from existing books to kids who, funnily enough...’‘... exist, yeah, I know. I mean it’s fantasy, not reality.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|My will is not a place, but a condition. Do not ask Me where and when, but ask Me how.
Unarine Ramaru|Follow your purpose with integrity. Live your passion with integrity. If you don't have integrity you live in fear, and as far as I'm concerned living in fear is not enjoying life.
Lexxie Couper, Lead Me On|I still would have been in love with you and wanted a life with you, because of who you are. Not because of the things you did for me.
Angela Thirkell, Wild Strawberries|Steffie took my hand and we walked past the fruit bins, an area that extended about forty-five yards along one wall. The bins were arranged diagonally and backed my mirrors that people accidentally punched when reaching for fruit in upper rows.
Anushka Sharma|I have an American son and an American partner, so marriage might logistically make sense at one point. My partner is a stay-at-home father, so if he wants to be on my health plan, or tax wise, or maybe on paper we want to have our I's dotted and our T's crossed, but emotionally, neither of us really feels the need for it.
Stephen King, UR|The current best estimate for the Earth’s weight is 5.9725 billion trillion tonnes, a difference of only about 1 per cent from Cavendish’s finding.
Mary Norton, The Borrowers Afield|The Past is Experience, Thats All You Got to Learn From.
Akshay Vasu|The more you hide, the higher the walls around you gets. The more you cry in silence, the thicker it becomes.
C. JoyBell C.|They say a good love is one that sits you down, gives you a drink of water, and pats you on top of the head. But I say a good love is one that casts you into the wind, sets you ablaze, makes you burn through the skies and ignite the night like a phoenix; the kind that cuts you loose like a wildfire and you can't stop running simply because you keep on burning everything that you touch! I say that's a good love; one that burns and flies, and you run with it!
Julie Kagawa|It's hard to think of the divide where I grew up as a watershed. The creeks are dry most of the year, rainfall is undependable at best, and folks in one river system are always trying to steal water from another.
James E. Faust|The essence of architecture is form and space, and light is the essential element to the key to architectural design, probably more important than anything. Technology and materials are secondary.
Cherise Sinclair, Lean on Me|God, you’re uptight. Did the aliens maybe forget to remove your anal probe?
Rajesh Nanoo|When you think yourself as nothing,Then something important will begin
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays|I need to hear the words of this book—its truth, forgiveness, hope—as much as anybody.” Nathaniel looked up with an apologetic smile. “I know I’m no great orator. But I ask you to bear with me as I fumble through this new duty.
Rosamunde Pilcher, The Shell Seekers|On the contrary, she was aware only of a sort of timelessness, as though it was all part of a plan, a predestined design, conceived the day she was born. What was happening to her had been meant to happen, what was going to go on happening. Without any recognizable beginning, it did not seem possible that it could ever have an end.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are storms in your own life: storms oftemptation, confusion, and difficulty . . .An uneasy conscience says, “Stop before it is too late!
Mahavira|There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|I was well aware how famously or infamously secretive these old institutions can be, no more than ourselves, a mixture of worry, lost power, perhaps even concern. That the truth may not always be desirable, that one thing leads to another thing, that facts not only lead forward to resolution, but backwards into the shadows, and sometimes into the various little hells we make for each other.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.
Sharman Apt Russell, Teresa of the New World|Cabeza de Vaca had wrapped her in his arms and in his language, whispering about a life she did not understand although understanding seemed to form just beyond the sea and sand, waiting there for her to grow older. Even when the story confused her, she had caught words or phrases, ideas like fish, bold and surprising, tasting of her father’s mind. She had learned quickly to nod and speak because he needed her to do this, because his need surrounded her like the blue sky. She was his bastard, and he had loved her. Yes, he had loved her. That was the memory she couldn’t bear.
Harvey Fierstein|So if the players trust the coach, it's not a problem. If the players don't trust the coach, it is a problem, and vice versa.
Jonathan L. Howard, Johannes Cabal the Necromancer|When you just breathe on me, I want you. Being in your arms will melt me. Being naked with you might kill me.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|Her OBGYN, Dr Caroline Murdoch, popped in and asked if she could speak to Bree alone. Bree nodded and Tina left them. "I wanted to talk to you about why you fainted.” Something in her voice made Bree’s body go rigid with expectation. “I…thought maybe it was the shock of… everything,” Bree whispered. Oh God. Oh God. She didn’t know what she was bracing herself for. “I know you and Alessandro were trying to conceive again. I want to tell you that you were successful. You’re going to have a baby, Bree,” she said. Bree squeezed Gianni tighter and buried her face in his neck as the tears filled her eyes and streamed from her face. Oh God…Now? She was torn between joy and utter terror. They had done it, but how would Alessandro react when he found out, considering the condition he was in now. They had created another life. Another target for Arturo.
N. Kazantzakis|Truly, nothing more resembles God's eyes than the eyes of a child; they see the world for the first time, and create it. Before this, the world is chaos. All creatures - animals, trees, men, stones; everything:forms, colors, voices, smells, lightning flashes - flow unexplained in front of the child's eyes (no, not in front of them, inside them), and he cannot fasten them down, cannot establish order. The child's world is made not of clay, to last, but of clouds. (Report to Greco)
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Affluent Society|Wealth is not without its advantages and the case to the contrary, although it has often been made, has never proved widely persuasive. 
X. J. Kennedy|To leap over the wall of self, to look through another’s eyes--this is valuable experience, which literature offers.
Hans Matheson|One morning, in February 1986, out of nowhere, I experienced a realization. In an instant, I discovered that when I believed my stressful thoughts, I suffered, but when I questioned them, I didn't suffer.
Jamie Lee Curtis|To an adolescent, there is nothing in the world more embarrassing than a parent.
Rebecca Lobo|Sports have always been a big part of my life. At school, I played a lot of different sports, and I was competing with other schools. I did everything: running, volleyball, basketball, soccer, Olympic-style gymnastics, and more! My history with sports gave me good concentration, focus, strength, and motivation to stay healthy.
Richard Dawkins|The key to high-quality communication is trust, and it's hard to trust somebody that you don't know.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|People. You must love people. Men are admirable. I wantto vomit—and suddenly, there it is: the Nausea
Sarah Zettel|Studies have shown that 90% of error in thinking is due to error in perception. If you can change your perception, you can change your emotion and this can lead to new ideas.
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|It was like watching a movie being played on the blank screen of his mind; the only difference was that he did not get bored, no matter how many times he watched it.
Patricia Grasso, Desert Eden|Hell if I know. I’m twenty-six, single, just signed a year lease on an apartment…” She touched her eyebrows with her fingertips. “Damn, why did I move back here?”  “Sorry.” I grimaced. “The job market isn’t as bad as it was. I’d give you a job if you really needed one.”“Thanks. Not sure how good of a bouncer I would be.”“Maybe hair holder for drunk girls.”“Sounds great,” she said flatly then made a gagging sound.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|He looked down at me without recognition, and I realized with a little stab of anxiety that he must have forgotten all about me, perhaps for some considerable time, and that he himself was so lost in the labyrinth of his own unquiet thoughts that I did not exist.
D.S. Mashego|Negative words have a way of permeating our system and making themselves comfortable in our sub-conscious. Once they find a place in our sub-conscious, they become a stronghold.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Truthfully, there're only a handful of people in this world who really get joy from seeing you happy. Most won't care if you’re happy, only if you're miserable like they are. They eat that shit up.
John Taskinsoy|You should not measure your success by the amount of money you make or titles you have, instead measure it by how much value you create and the difference you make.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|When you know the truth about a person then they become real to you, not just a face that you can forget.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|After all, I had been waiting decades for it to come. I wanted to escape this world, but only it could help me.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|Romantic love as most people understand it in patriarchal culture makes one unaware, renders one powerless and out of control. Feminist thinkers called attention to the way this notion of love served the interests of patriarchal men and women. It supported the notion that one could do anything in the name of love: beat people, restrict their movements, even kill them and call it a "crime of passion," plead, "I love her so much i had to kill her.
Katy Regnery, Playing for Love at Deep Haven|Her hands slid to his shoulders, his biceps, and dug in as if to hold him here, right here. But he wasn't going anywhere. He liked her hands on him, liked her tongue in his mouth, and when she made that noise deep in her throat, the one that said she was as lost as him, he groaned, both in pleasure and with a good amount of what-the-fuckery, because he knew.He was in trouble. Down to the bone trouble, and he didn't give one single shit.
Post Malone|I love singing jazz. I don't like the idea that classical music should be over here and jazz should be someplace else. It's all wonderful, and we should be open to enjoying it all.
G.K. Chesterton, The Best of Father Brown|You are my only friend in the world, and I want to talk to you. Or, perhaps, be silent with you.
Anna Kavan, Ice|Her albino hair illuminated my dreams, shining brighter than moonlight.
James Randall Robison, God Wants You to Be Happy|You cannot fully wrap your mind around God, so better to fully wrap God around your mind.
Lily Gardner, A Bitch Called Hope|that was the thing about luck, its laws were those of scarcity.
John Shea, A Star at Its Rising: Advent Meditations|It is neither just the religious, the spiritual, the power-hungry, the evil, the ignorant, the corrupt, the Christian, the Muslim, the Hindu, the Buddhist, the Jew, nor the atheist that makes a hypocrite, but being a human being. Any man who thinks himself to be free of hypocrisy while committed to cherry-picking others for such, I am confident, the Almighty can prove to him a great deal of his own hypocrisy even beyond his earthly comprehension.
John Carpenter|My point has always been that, ever since the Industrial Revolution, science fiction has been the most important genre there is.
George Bernard Shaw, Immaturity|If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
M.E. Vaughan, The Sons of Thestian|Sometimes when you experience something wonderful, everything else loses its shine.
Shirley Jackson, We Have Always Lived in the Castle|You're both the fire and the water that extinguishes it. You're the narrator, the protagonist, and the sidekick. You're the storyteller and the story told. You are somebody's something, but you are also your you.
John Bercow|My view on politics is much more grassroots oriented; it's not old boy network oriented, so I tend to, you know, come at it a little bit stronger, a little bit more street-wise, if you will. That's rubbed some feathers the wrong way.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|A fine glass vase goes from treasure to trash, the moment it is broken. Fortunately, something else happens to you and me. Pick up your pieces. Then, help me gather mine.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|Just as we can play beautiful music only when the strings on the violin are in proper tension, so we can grow only when we are stretched from what we are to what we can be. There is no growth without tension.
Alicia Keys|What do you say when you feel your life is taken right from your chest, even though I miraculously find myself still breathing?
Andrei Cherny, The Candy Bombers: The Untold Story of the Berlin Airlift and America's Finest Hour|There is a cop who is both prowler and father:he comes from your block, grew up with your brothers,had certain ideals.You hardly know him in his boots and silver badge,on horseback, one hand touching his gun.You hardly know him but you have to get to know him:he has access to machinery that could kill you.He and his stallion clop like warlords among the trash,his ideals stand in the air, a frozen cloudfrom between his unsmiling lips.And so, when the time comes, you have to turn to him,the maniac’s sperm still greasing your thighs,your mind whirling like crazy. You have to confessto him, you are guilty of the crimeof having been forced.And you see his blue eyes, the blue eyes of all the familywhom you used to know, grow narrow and glisten,his hand types out the detailsand he wants them allbut the hysteria in your voice pleases him best.You hardly know him but now he thinks he knows you:he has taken down you worst momenton a machine and filed it in a file.He knows, or thinks he knows, how much you imagined;he knows, or thinks he knows, what you secretly wanted.He has access to machinery that could get you put away;and if, in the sickening light of the precinct,and if, in the sickening light of the precinct,your details sound like a portrait of your confessor,will you swallow, will you deny them, will you lie your way home?
Audre Lorde|Another important way in which the erotic connection functions is the open and fearless underlining of my capacity for joy, in the way my body stretches to music and opens into response, harkening to its deepest rhythms so every level upon which I sense also opens to the erotically satisfying experience whether it is dancing, building a bookcase, writing a poem, or examining an idea.That self-connection shared is a measure of the joy which I know myself to be capable of feeling, a reminder of my capacity for feeling. And that deep and irreplaceable knowledge of my capacity for joy comes to demand from all of my life that it be lived within the knowledge that such satisfaction is possible, and does not have to be called marriage, nor god, nor an afterlife.This is one reason why the erotic is so feared, and so often relegated to the bedroom alone, when it is recognized at all. For once we begin to feel deeply all the aspects of our lives, we begin to demand from ourselves and from our life-pursuits that they feel in accordance with that joy which we know ourselves to be capable of. Our erotic knowledge empowers us, becomes a lens through which we scrutinize all aspects of our existence, forcing us to evaluate those aspects honestly in terms of their relative meaning within our lives. And this is a grave responsibility, projected from within each of us, not to settle for the convenient, the shoddy, the conventionally expected, nor the merely safe.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|May be its hard for others, but not for me; I am strong enough to deal with it. For my love’ I am ready to sacrifice my pleasures, rest, everything I have and my entire life for nothing in return; not even a single simile and with all that feelings; I am not sure that, “it is love” is it love?
Richard Ford, A Multitude of Sins|Meeting a girl, falling in love, marrying her, moving to Connecticut, buying a fucking house, starting a life with her and thinking you really knew anything about her--the last part was a complete fiction, which made all the rest a joke.
Kirsten Hubbard, Watch the Sky (Single Title|There is in each person, in every animal, bird and plant a star which mirrors, matches or is in some sense the same as a star in the heavens.
Beverly Engel, The Right to Innocence|You cannot make yourself have a flashback, nor will you have one unless you are emotionally ready to remember something. Once remembered, the memory can help you to face more of the truth. You can then express your pent-up feelings about the memory and continue on your path to recovery. Think of the flashback as a clue to the next piece of work. No matter how painful, try to view it as a positive indication that you are now ready and willing to remember.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Wings and Ruin|I see all of you, Rhys. And there is not one part that I do not love with everything I am.
Robert A. Caro, The Path to Power|It's a civic virtue to be exposed to things that appear to be outside your interest. In a complex world, almost everything affects you – that closes the loop on pecuniary self-interest. Customers are always right, but people aren't.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Writing takes a combination of sophistication and innocence; it takes conscience, our belief that something is beautiful because it is right.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Once you have been to the cross, you will never be the same.
Don Nickles|The failure of women to have reached positions of leadership has been due in large part to social and professional discrimination. In the past, few women have tried, and even fewer have succeeded.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Love: Soulfully Inspiring You to Uncover the Essence of True Love That Exists, Within|Let the voices of all mothers be heard, as we come to honor the gift of Motherhood.
Jack Vance, The Gray Prince|Fear can't be reasoned with. Neither can hate. They're like love. They're almost identical emotions. That's why Ares and Aphrodite like each other. Their twin sons - Fear and Panic - were spawned from both war and love.' 'But I don't...this doesn't make sense.''No,' Piper agreed. 'Stop thinking about it. Just feel.''I hate that.''I know. You can't plan for feelings. Like with Percy, and your future - you can't control every contingency. You have to accept that. Let it scare you. Trust that it'll be okay anyway.
Kevin Swanson|You want something, you go after it, and you hang on to it
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|Sons of suicides seldom do well. Characteristically, they find life lacking a certain zing. They tend to feel more rootless than most, even in a notoriously rootless nation. They are squeamishly incurious about the past and numbly certain about the future to this grisly extent: they suspect that they, too, will kill themselves.
Alex Morritt, Lines & Lenses|In the absence of a formally agreed, worldwide dictionary definition of 'Quotography' (in 2016), here are my two cents worth: 'Quotography is the art of pairing unique quotations with complementary images in order to express thought-provoking ideas, challenging concepts, profound sentiments'.
Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times|Laziness is not particularly terrible or wonderful. Rather it has a basic living quality that deserves to be experienced just as it is. Perhaps we’ll find an irritating, pulsating quality in laziness. We might feel it as dull and heavy or as vulnerable and raw. Whatever we discover, as we explore it further, we find nothing to hold on to, nothing solid, only groundless, wakeful energy. This process of experiencing laziness directly and nonverbally is transformative. It unlocks a tremendous energy that is usually blocked by our habit of running away. This is because when we stop resisting laziness, our identity as the one who is lazy begins to fall apart completely. Without the blinders of ego, we connect with a fresh outlook, a greater vision. This is how laziness—or any other demon—introduces us to the compassionate life.
Oswald Spengler, Aphorisms|Talk of world peace is heard today only among the white peoples, and not among the much more numerous coloured races. This is a perilous state of affairs. When individual thinkers and idealists talk of peace, as they have done since time immemorial, the effect is negligible. But when whole peoples become pacifistic it is a symptom of senility. Strong and unspent races are not pacifistic. To adopt such a position is to abandon the future, for the pacifist ideal is a terminal condition that is contrary to the basic facts of existence. As long as man continues to evolve, there will be wars...
Mike May|Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
Iain M. Banks, The State of the Art|Humble people are dignified, not because they believe their behavior can be an effective tool to control others, but because they have made dignity a part of their character.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|Truth can be stated simply, but cannot be understood as such.
Umberto Eco|We are born rich, it is for us to decide between materialistic poorness or building upon intellectual richness.
Holly Duckworth, Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot Your Association For Success|From a Higher Point Everything Looks more Little, but Business we do on the Ground.
Paul Harris|A lot of the time, the way it's portrayed is that I only see women in a sexual way. But I grew up with just my mum and sister, so I respect women a lot.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Human making is our mission, but if you break the very soul of the would-be humans, then there will be no human to raise.
Siddhartha Mukherjee|I have a very positive attitude in life. My insecurity, fear and need to know about tomorrow has fortunately eased. What is going to happen will happen anyway. So why break my head over it?
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|When De Long arrived in California with Emma that May, he went straight down to the yard and feasted his eyes upon his new ship. He was smitten by the transformation that had taken place during his absence. "I am perfectly satisfied with her," he wrote. "She is everything I want.
Sanhita Baruah|A world full of "certainties"All the plans, all the vanities.Where black covers the whiteSuited in "confidence"- the constant fight.A million roads I dream to takeOne destination, knowing not I turn where.A green veil covers for two years, some two decades.But the "plan" awaits, new roads to make.I pant, I struggle, I do my best While they say,"You are, dear, but so inadequate".
Cameron Jace, Insanity|This is insanity!""No, this is scholarship!
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|It was as if the future were a treacly adhesive fluid that had been spilt all over the present, so that everything he touched made his fingers too sticky to be of the slightest use.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The most important part of discernment is pinpointing the forces to be reckoned with, both the constructive and destructive.
Euripides|That's when I learned the hardest truth about vengeance: it had no logical end, served no real purpose, except perhaps to delay grief.
John dos Passos, 1919|In truth, it is no more clear in our time than it was in Marx's how socialism will come about in either developed or undeveloped countries; what is clear is that for humanity to have a decent future, it must come about.
Naa Shalman|A good speech is like a miniskirt--long enough to over all the vital parts, short enough to entice and captivate listeners.
Aletheia Luna, Quiet Strength: Embracing, Empowering and Honoring Yourself as an Introvert|To develop understanding and compassion for who we are as introverts, we must be able to explore who we are, what makes us happy, what makes us unhappy, and what oursubsequent needs are.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|people notice the most beautiful dress every person can wear,......... a "smile
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|She's wonderful and soulful. She has a sly sense of humor. I've seen her deliver a funnier joke with a single silent raise of her eyebrow than many stand up comedians. She guards a very sensitive heart. Any human suffering brings her to tears. She's smart. Talk down to her and find yourself mentally slapped. She's an excellent judge of character, and seems to know an original spirit from a forgery every time. Cross boundaries with her...in any improper way and suffer the wrath of a lion. ... She's principled and firm. Rude behavior doesn't materialize in her presence. She's a grown-up who fully sees and knows children as citizens, and people, and souls. And because she respects children, all children seem to respect her.
Graham Moore|Stevie Wonder is just one of those guys that completely delivers everything that you want to be true about Stevie Wonder. He's an amazing human being, and the fairytale exists with that man.
Ruth Reichl|I've seen terrorism close up, but I don't live in a state of terror at all. I'm comfortable going to the Manhattan Thanksgiving Day Parade, the tree lighting at Rockefeller Center, Times Square on New Years Eve. For perspective, the world today is a safer place than it was during the Cuban Missile Crisis, the Berlin Airlift, World War II.
Henry Martin, Eluding Reality|Life has taught me one supreme lesson. This is that we must—if we are really to live at all, if we are to enjoy the life more abundant promised by the Sages of Wisdom—we must put our convictions into action. My remuneration has been that I have been privileged to act out my faith.
C.A. Marshall, Ghostland|You all set?” he asked, tossing me a pair of sunglasses.“Wow, nice.” I felt the frame, rubbing my finger over the lenses to wipe away a smudge. “Not bad, Phoenix.”“Twinkies.” He slid his pair on and adjusted the gun across his chest. “Told you. Breakfast of champions."- Skylla and Jet
Harbhajan Singh|Fiction is an elemental force, which has the power to shape reality in its own image - or images, I should say - because reality, like light, exists not only as a single point or particle, but also as an array of possibilities.
John Steinbeck, Cup of Gold: A Life of Sir Henry Morgan, Buccaneer, with Occasional Reference to History|It was strange to Old Robert that he, who knew so much more than his neighbors, who had pondered so endlessly, should be not even a good farmer. Sometimes he imagined he understood too many things ever to do anything well.
Bret Easton Ellis, Lunar Park|But I got through the review, for all their Latin and French; I did, and if you doubt me, you just look at the end of the great ledger, turn it upside down, and you'll find I've copied out all the fine words they said of you: "careful observer," "strong nervous English," "rising philosopher."Oh! I can nearly say it all off by heart, for many a time when I am frabbed by bad debts, or Osborne's bills, or moidered with accounts, I turn the ledger wrong way up, and smoke a pipe over it, while I read those pieces out of the review which speak about you, lad!
Anaïs Nin|Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|Just remember, what the French say. No, probably not the French, they've got a president or something. The Brits, maybe, or the Swedes. You know what I mean?""No, Matthew. What do they say?""The king is dead, that's what they say. The king is dead. Long live the king.
Stella McCartney|What I wish I had, is that I wish I was a little more Greek, in that I wish I could lose my North American driven attitude and that I could be a little bit more poetic and laissez faire.
C. JoyBell C., Saint Paul Trois Chateaux: 1948|Sometimes the things that are felt the most are expressed between two souls over the distance and over time...where no words abide. And others may speak freely, live with one another freely, express themselves freely– just like everyone else, but then there is you... you have no words for proof of reassurance, no tokens of professed love, but you have something. Something worth keeping.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May all people from every nation, find power of God’s grace.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|Katy was neither a Methodist nor a Masochist. She was a goddess and the silence of goddesses is genuinely golden. None of your superficial plating. A solid, twenty-two-carat silence all the way through. The Olympian's trap is kept shut, not by an act of willed discretion, but because there's really nothing to say. Goddesses are all of one piece. There's no internal conflict in them. Whereas the lives of people like you and me are one long argument. Desires on one side, woodpeckers on the other. Never a moment of real silence.
Ann Coulter, Demonic: How the Liberal Mob is Endangering America|I was struck by the image of Daddy still dressed in that same plaid shirt and undershirt with the bloodstains below the neck, the one I had first seen him wearing in the jail the previous day.
Catherine Doyle, Mafiosa|Her voice.That's what drew me to her. It was gorgeous, perfect, angelic.Ironic, that a demon should be drawn to the voice of an angel.
Eoin Colfer, The Arctic Incident|Artemis: (shocked) Why, Doctor? This is a sensitive area. For all you know I could be suffering from depression. Doctor Po: I suppose you could. Is that the case? Artemis: (head in hands) It's my mother, Doctor. Doctor Po: Yes? Artemis: My mother, she... Doctor Po: Your mother, yes? Artemis: She forces me to endure this ridiculous therapy when the school's so-called counsellors are little better than misguided do-gooders with degrees.
Tarryn Tomlinson|When creativity is seen as more important than facts, we will find ourselves in a world where problems are solved more often than spoken of.
Marilyn Manson|Art challenges technology, but technology inspires the art.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Ladies, get confident bout yourselves, build up your self-worth and esteem, love yourself and be proud of your achievements and your man will adore you for life.
Eraldo Banovac|If you are born to lead, be a leader!
Lena de Savoie, Eight Days in August|I bought new lingerie today I wanted to show you, but I didn’t get a chance with all that happened.”“You’ll have to return tomorrow night then…. Maybe we’ll order an entire catalog.” His smile and the glint of mischievousness in his eyes reflected lascivious thoughts. “You can model all the outfits you’d like for me.
Eva Longoria|We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgment.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Leave no stone unturned. Leave no bone unbroken. Drive your life with care and don’t dose off while you do so. If you don’t wake up, you are likely miss you way!
George MacDonald|I would never speak about faith, but speak about the Lord himself - not theologically, as to the why and wherefore of his death - but as he showed himself in his life on earth, full of grace, love, beauty, tenderness and truth. Then the needy heart cannot help hoping and trusting in him, and having faith, without ever thinking about faith. How a human heart with human feelings and necessities is ever to put confidence in the theological phantom which is commonly called Christ in our pulpits, I do not know. It is commonly a miserable representation of him who spent thirty-three years on our Earth, living himself into the hearts and souls of men, and thus manifesting God to them.
Chris     Murray|Everybody sells something to somebody every day, whether it’s a product, a service or just a case of making sure that they get their own way.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The uncertainties in life are so uncertain for us to determine the kind woe we shall be entangled in in the next future. When you stay dormant, your life is at risk; when you dare to take a step, you take a step to take a risk. We have a choice. Yes! a choice to choose to dare to get to our real reasons on earth or to choose to live in mediocrity and conformity, but, we ought to note that, it is riskier to risk nothing when the life we live is always at risk.
Debasish Mridha|When you believe and act on your dreams, your dreams will become a reality.
Thea Harrison, Spellbinder|With her face tilted up to his, the subtle edge of moonlight touched along the edge of one high cheekbone, the tilted edge of one eye, and those beautiful, enticing lips. Obeying an impulse he couldn’t put into words, he lowered his head and covered her mouth with his.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|A man in cahoots with a woman’s sexual instinct was the devil himself, for he had the united power over her—himself and her own longing—greater than a mere man
Andrew Ross Sorkin|Real history is far more complex and interesting than the simplistic summaries presented in Wikipedia articles. Knowing this allows you to question received wisdom, to challenge 'facts' 'everybody' knows to be true, and to imagine worlds and characters worthy of our rich historical heritage and our complex selves.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|Poetry is –raw feelings as sunny summer,fiery turmoil as vibrant autumn,daunting revelation as stormy winter,intrepid hope as blooming spring.
Sunday Adelaja|Jesus himself refers to himself as light, illumination, knowledge, insight, understanding, wisdom
Nicole Kidman|Sorrow happens, hardship happens, the hell with it, who never knew the price of happiness, will not be happy.
Debasish Mridha|You came to this world with nothing, and you will leave this world with nothing. There is nothing to gain or lose. You can only touch everyone and everything with your love.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Big Red Book|By now he had learned enough to know that when he was getting annoyed at somebody else, it was usually because there was something that he himself should be doing, and he wasn't doing it.
Vivek Thangaswamy|Don’t wait for anything, just live your life today.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Strong Poison|Well, what do you want me to do? Head butt my way through a few inches of steel?!” she snarled.“Well, that would certainly earn you a cookie!
Rebekah Nathan, My Freshman Year: What a Professor Learned by Becoming a Student|One of the secrets a nation can unlock to have material wealth is, having a leader who will take an uncompromising stand to establish truth and honesty as a rule of building the nation
James Carlos Blake|In the immediate vicinity, there might well be stability and peace. In the garden, a breeze may be swaying the branches of the plum tree and dust may slowly be gathering on the bookshelves in the living room. But we are aware that such serenity does not do justice to the chaotic and violent fundamentals of existence and hence, after a time, it has a a habit of growing worrisome in its own way.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Man's inclination to justice makes democracy possible; but man's capacity for injustice makes it necessary.' The optimism we need to prevent ourselves from destroying our own democratic freedoms and, indeed, our own human habitat must be based on reasoned pessimism.
John the Evangelist|Ever notice how the abbreviation for Testament is Test? I noticed this when I woke up and saw the tabs on my bible. You know that's true in lots of ways. The Old Test. tells about people like Moses, Job and more being tested. In the New Test You have people like Paul, and even Jesus. We as Christians are to study for our Tests in our lives. Most of all we need to study for our final Exam.
E.B. Hudspeth|What are you suggesting I do Ralph?’‘I’m suggesting you tell the bloody truth whatever it is. The only place lying leads is trouble.’“Sometimes that’s the only place telling the truth get you, too.
Saewod Tice, Amongst the Ruins|There are heartaches in life, painful things that happen and disappointments that steal away dreams.
Richelle E. Goodrich|...you are a writer the moment you start writing, not when you've sold your first book.
John Fowles, The Collector|And this is how I come face to face with my selfishness, because I don't know if I can enjoy this goldfish without knowing that he loves me, or if not loves me, then at least depends on me, i.e., swims up to my fingers greedily when I fill them with salty-smelling rainbow-colored flakes, and wiggle them over his head.And this is disturbing to realize, that I have such difficulty enjoying anything that doesn't know I exist. Especially when I stop and think how big the world is, the world that is not even Japan or India, the world that is the room next door.
Sheniz Janmohamed, Firesmoke|Beneath her thinnest skin and light, a fuse leads way to dynamite.
Ron White, I Had the Right to Remain Silent...But I Didn't Have the Ability|When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. Then find someone who's life is givin' them vodka and have a party!
Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence|If you have been raped or sexually assaulted and you have been blamed, or fear that you may be blamed, I just want you to understand this: You are not to blame. There is nothing you did to make someone hurt you, nor is there anything you could have done differently to prevent or stop it.
Adham T. Fusama, Dead Smokers Club Part 1|They're really into it, laughing and teasing each other, and I am looking at Pam and thinking once again how she is the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and that if we were back in the olden times she might have been made into a goddess because she is so beautiful. Sometimes I cannot stop my mind. It's scary.
George M. Church|Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society.
Marcel Proust|If we wish to discuss knowledge in the most highly developed contemporary society, we must answer the preliminary question of what methodological representation to apply to that society.
James E. Faust|Throughout my career, if I have done anything, I have paid attention to every note and every word I sing - if I respect the song. If I cannot project this to a listener, I fail.
Mother Teresa|You can find Calcutta anywhere in the world. You only need two eyes to see. Everywhere in the world there are people that are not loved, people that are not wanted nor desired, people that no one will help, people that are pushed away or forgotten. And this is the greatest poverty.
Avina Celeste|We're always telling ourselves that we "want to be happy" when what we really have to say is "I NEED to be happy. I NEED to do the things I love. I NEED to surround myself with people that make me smile.
Sara  Daniel, One Night With the Best Man|That's just it. What if I can't protect you? I'll be outnumbered, outgunned. What if I can't get you out of there?
Jessica Best|You’re a scientist. And there is no greater expression of sheer stupid human hope than the study of science. We’re born groping around in the dark but science says, “We can understand this.” It says, “There’s something here to understand and this act of blindly reaching forward is worth it.” It says, “You could be devoting your entire career to what’s really a dead end and it's still worth it. You could be dismissed in your own lifetime, you could poison yourself with radiation, you could be executed. And it’s still worth it. More than your safety, more than your life, that divine earthly act of trying to understand.”Personally, I find that brand of optimism exhausting but if it wasn’t for science, we wouldn’t have deodorant or instant coffee, so.
Thérèse de Lisieux, Story of a Soul: The Autobiography of St. Therese of Lisieux|Boo and I walked up the steps to the porch. His fingers found the doorknob. He gently released my hand, opened the door, enter inside, and shut the door behind him. I never saw him again.
Carine Roitfeld|Every morning I tell myself, 'Today has to be productive' - and then something happens that prevents me from writing.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Hands - Part 2: Castling|The pale whiteness of her upturned face as she choked on the smoke; the tangled length of her hair as she tried to shake the flames from it; the beauty of her cherry-blossom robe as it burst into flame: it was all so cruel, so terrible!
Martin H. Fischer|The doctrine of the Kingdom of Heaven, which was the main teaching of Jesus, is certainly one of the most revolutionary doctrines that ever stirred and changed human thought.
Lorna Jackie Wilson, Black Butterfly: The Journey - The Victory|For while it is of no particular importance how many things you start in life, it is of great importance how many you finish!
Christian F. Burton, Energy Dependence Day|Eyes closed, she let her pain float away with the prayers, higher and higher, around the mosque's minarets, and up to the sky. She thought about the old Arabic saying that a woman has only two exits. One exit leads from my father's house to my husband's. The other leads from my husband's house to my grave. I'm not ready for the second exit yet.
Natasha Lester|I usually start writing stories from tone and not from content—kind of like people who create music and invent the lyrics later on. I often give this metaphor where I say that writing short fiction is like surfing, while writing a novel is like navigating with your car. So when you navigate with your car, you want to get somewhere. When you surf, you don’t want to get somewhere, you just don’t want to fall off your board. I think the equivalent of balance is tone, so I think tone gives birth to the story.
Christina Rossetti, Poems of Christina Rossetti|Remember me when I am gone away, Gone far away into the silent land; When you can no more hold me by the hand,Nor I half turn to go yet turning stay.Remember me when no more day by day You tell me of our future that you planned: Only remember me; you understandIt will be late to counsel then or pray.Yet if you should forget me for a while And afterwards remember, do not grieve: For if the darkness and corruption leaveA vestige of the thoughts that once I had,Better by far you should forget and smile Than that you should remember and be sad.
Toni Morrison, Love|Language, when it finally comes, has the vigor of a felon pardoned after twenty-one years on hold. Sudden, raw, stripped to its underwear.
M.H. Rakib|Loyalty. We're still loyal to the United States of America. Why? Because we too are Americans. We don't agree, but we will show our loyalty by our obedience.
Duop Chak Wuol|A man who does not question his own judgment, society, and who flourishes between deceit and bewilderment, fails his moral responsibility as a rational being.
Unknown Author 954|You know you are on the right spiritual track when you realize that doing the right thing is not something you should do; rather, it is something you want to do. It is even something you have to do for your own peace, and the well-being of others.
Selena Gomez|I've told several writers this, and, again, I get back to it, but if you want to make God smile, tell him your plans.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ warned His followers that to believe in Him would not make them popular, and that they should be prepared to face affliction for His sake.
Danny Gregory, The Creative License: Giving Yourself Permission to Be The Artist You Truly Are|The true purpose of illustrated journaling [is] to celebrate your life. No matter how small or mundane or redundant, each drawing and little essay you write to commemorate an event or an object or a place makes it all the more special.
hlbalcomb|A soul wound doesn't grow a new layer of normality overnight" Cinderella in Focus: Cindy'Secret
Adrienne Wilder, Seven|Quiet, little Loner, while I figure out what to do with you.
Kinoko Nasu, 空の境界 上|Two years of oblivion have reduced me, if not to emptiness, than to something that sits closely beside it. It laid waste all that I was inside, and severed what connection existed between my memory and personality through two years of “living” like a shell, on the boundary of emptiness. And though there was precious little drama here compared to actual societal rejection, it drives me to worry all the same. All my memories are just reflections on the water, and I don’t know whether I’m the reflection or the real thing.
Francesca Lia Block, Baby Be-Bop|Each of us has a family tree full of stories inside of us, Dirk thought. Each of us has a story blossoming out of us.
Justin Timberlake|I had an amazing teacher, who was Burmese, and she was living in Paris at the time, and she is one of very few who doesn't actually receive a credit in the film because she still has family over there.
Raymond E. Feist, Talon of the Silver Hawk|The bigger the person, the more their actions affect the world. If they live, perhaps they will learn that""And if everyone dies, no one learns anything
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|I see now how things even up, how they are squared away, and how they balance under the law of love and justice. No year of life is emotionally, spiritually or even materially, all drought or all rainfall; nor is it all sun. The road turns a little every day, and one day there's a sudden twist we didn't dream was there, and for every loss there is somewhere a gain, for every grief a happiness, for every deprivation a giving.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|To save your life from prodigal waste, you must have good ideas. God may give you an idea that he may send someone to pay for. Surely, if you hide that idea, you may not meet the person meant to finance it!
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Nations as well as men require time to learn, whatever may be their intelligence or zeal.
John the Evangelist|Stop being fake and start being real. Start being real with the people around you, and start being real with God. Churches are not Broadway musicals where we can play the role of a Christian. You may think that you can play a role with people and get away with it, but I tell you today that you can't play that role with God. He sees through your plastic smiles and fake veneers.
Patricia Highsmith|What immense satisfaction it must be to fashion a story like [Maupassant's]! One must say 'fashion' because it is not merely writing, but massing and cutting away like a sculptor, chiseling lean and clear. And to put one's work confidently in the crucible of Time; to know that in six perfect pages is the finest form of one's idea: This satisfaction is the only true reward of the artist, and this his highest possible joy on Earth.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|When you start thinking about what your life was like 10 years ago--and not in general terms, but in highly specific detail--it's disturbing to realize how certain elements of your being are completely dead. They die long before you do. It's astonishing to consider all the things from your past that used to happen all the time but (a) never happen anymore, and (b) never even cross your mind. It's almost like those things didn't happen. Or maybe it seems like they just happened to someone else. To someone you don't really know. To someone you just hung out with for one night, and now you can't even remember her name.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|There will be days you wish you’d never done it. And thosewill be the good times, when it’s only days of regret and notmonths.
Charles Caleb Colton|Sleep makes people calmer, more alert, less fearful - just plain happier, or so I see around me and in me. I am sure that if this great nation were to concentrate on getting more sleep, we would be a happier, more confident people, and that by itself would be a major achievement.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Autocrat of the Breakfast Table|A man's mind is stretched by a new idea or sensation, and never shrinks back to its former dimensions.
Leanna Renee Hieber, The Strangely Beautiful Tale of Miss Percy Parker|The fires of hell may be made of the very love of God, experienced as torture by those who hate him: the very light of God's truth, hated and fled from in vain by those who love darkness.
Orville Wright|It is relatively easy to design for the perfect cases, when everything goes right, or when all the information required is available in proper format.
Nora Ephron|I wanted the rattle of New York around me, I wanted stink and strangers and the sour dank air of the IRT clutching me to its bosom. I wanted hustle and bustle. I wanted to know that millions of lives were playing out at my doorstep, and not one of them gave a damn about my little problems.
Andre Breton|Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition.
Kate Zambreno, Green Girl|Alas! Where love is concerned, self-interested deception is superior to the truth itself, which is why so many men pay so high a price to clever deceivers.
Scott Hastie|Such is true joy’s absolute certainty,Its slow lit fuse that burns holesIn the shabby shroud of death forever.
William Bartram|Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational.
Eric    Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World|I curled closer to May, comforted by her warmth.
Ryan Lilly|Those with calling also find wealth, so jump and start swimming towards your true self.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|What's missing is not money, but a national sense of urgency.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|Our revels now are ended. These our actors, As I foretold you, were all spirits and Are melted into air, into thin air: And, like the baseless fabric of this vision, The cloud-capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve And, like this insubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made on, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.
Michelle Sutton, Never Without Hope|Well if God wanted a broken spirit out of me, He would get Hiswish. At this point in my life the only thing I could do was look up.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|When I shoot, the ball bounces hard against the backboard, and flies wildly through the air, knocking the coach in the head. I slap a hand over my mouth. The coach barely catches herself from falling. Several students laugh. She glares at me and readjusts her cap. With a small wave of apology, I head back to the end of the line. Will's there fighting laughter. "Nice," he says. "Glad I'm downcourt of you." I cross my arms and resist smiling, resist letting myself feel good around him. But he makes it hard. I want to smile. I want to like him, to be around him, to know him. "Happy to amuse you.
Sheldon B. Kopp, If You Meet the Buddha on the Road, Kill Him: The Pilgrimage Of Psychotherapy Patients|Beginning with Santa Claus as a cognitive exercise, a child is encouraged to share the same idea of reality as his peers. Even if that reality is patently invented and ludicrous, belief is encouraged with gifts that support and promote the common cultural lies. The greatest consensus in modern society is our traffic systems. The way a flood of strangers can interact, sharing a path, almost all of them traveling without incident. It only takes one dissenting driver to create anarchy.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|When it's clear that we have a commitment to God that comes before anything else in our lives, most people will respect us even if they don't share our faith.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|So, this is how it's become? This is how I've become? A walking contradiction? I'm surrounded by people and feel alone. I claim to crave a bit of normalcy but now that I have some, it's like I don't know what to do with it, I don't know how to be a normal person anymore.
Lauren Oliver, Replica|Tonight I feel like a shooting star, but I hope my shine will last much longer.
Dada Bhagwan|The one whose ‘alochana (confession of mistakes), pratikraman (asking for forgiveness) and pratyakhyan (avowal to never repeat the mistake)’ are true (done correctly), he is bound to attain the knowledge of the Self (attain self realization).
Lionel Suggs|There's no use wasting are energy being afraid of the devils, demons and things that go bump in the night... Because ultimately we'll never encounter anything more terrifying than the monster among us. Hell is where we make it.
Michael Grant, Gone|A strong man tied to a weak man… When there is trouble, the strong man's strength counts for nothing.
Elizabeth Scott, The Unwritten Rule|I knew from Brianna that being beautiful wasn’t all great. Brianna had changed in middle school. One day we were both seventh graders and the next, she was a supermodel who had a seventh grader for a best friend.
Ray Mancini, Zen, Meditation & the Art of Shooting: Performance Edge - Sports Edition|I am not here to be average, I am not here to be great, I am not here to be successful, and I am not here to be happy, I am here to simply be all of me.
Rachel Held Evans, Searching for Sunday: Loving, Leaving, and Finding the Church|Turns out, I wasn't the only one struggling with doubt. I wasn't the only one questioning my church's position on homosexuality and gender roles, and a whole host of other issues. I wasn't the only one who felt lonely on Sunday mornings.
Brenda Sutton Rose, Dogwood Blues|I once heard someone on the radio saying that a bee is never more than forty minutes away from starving to death, and this fact has stayed with me because it seems to have a certain personal resonance. My children are in a perpetual proximity to catastrophe: concussion, dehydration, drowning or sunstroke. Keeping them safe requires constant vigilance.I've turned into one of those mothers, full of terror.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|If you want trouble, find yourself a redhead.
Anonymous|A Muslim must not hate his wife and if he be displeased with one bad quality in her, then let him be pleased with another that is good.
Donna Lynn Hope|The realm of liberation is absolutely incommensurable with the relativities of higher and lower, better and worse, gain and loss, since these are all disadvantages of the ego.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|For everything about him fitting her fantasy image of what she wanted, she still didn’t feel seen by him…and that made her all the more aware that maybe her fantasy wasn’t what she wanted at all.
Benjamin Franklin|My job is to perform, enjoy cricket and thank God for whatever he has given me.
Stephan Labossiere|When you're confident in what you bring to the table, you don't have to chase and beg anyone to sit down and eat.
-Daryavesh Rothmensch|Life!, is but only...A faint whisper!".
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|When your boss assigns you a project, take good notes and ask questions regarding anything you’re not sure about. … The key question to ask: “What are the results you’re looking for?” Be clear, too, about deadlines and who needs to be looped in on the project.
Louis L'Amour, Sackett|Action cannot destroy ignorance, for it is not in conflict with ignorance. Knowledge alone destroys ignorance, as light destroys dense darkness.
Evy Michaels|If you want to vanish then vanish away, don't vanish into my dreamsIf an escape is what you are looking for, don't take me along with you I let you go a long time ago, then why are you still here If the memory of you wishes to fade awayWhy do you go on and torture my soul
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Your decisions are influenced by your beliefs, philosophy, wisdom, environment, relationships, goals or dreams and state of mind.
Auliq-Ice|On a mental level, kindness and compassion give rise to lasting joy.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Man, Sub-creator, the refracted Lightthrough whom is splintered from a single Whiteto many hues, and endlessly combinedin living shapes that move from mind to mind.
Patricia Storace, The Book of Heaven: A Novel|It always puzzled him, when he was a child, that a woman who wrote books for a living should be so bad at telling bedtime stories.
Hannu Rajaniemi, The Fractal Prince|If I could repeat it,people passing by would be enlightened and go free.
Debolina Bhawal|Tears are curious things, for like earthquakes or puppet shows they can occur at any time, without any warning and without any good reason.
Karyl McBride, Will I Ever Be Good Enough? Healing the Daughters of Narcissistic Mothers|Please remember that you can talk to me about anything. I know it’s hard to talk to your old mom about things, but I’ll always help you in whatever way I can. I’m serious. You have to remember that I used to hold you right here in my arms.
Guillermo del Toro, The Fall|Power revealed is power sacrificed. The truly powerful exert their influence in ways unseen, unfelt. Some would say that a thing visible is a thing vulnerable.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple	: Master, why you keep telling about the truth? Nobody hears.Master of Stupidity	: O Yea. They hear but don't listen. Anyway, no fun in silent.
Ryszard Kapuscinski|For me, just being how old I am, I know I don't want to be a single mom. I really would rather make it a two-person job. But I've also come to terms with not being a mother at all. I'm actually really good with either direction that my life can take as being a valid experience.
Amit Kalantri|Let's get one thing clear, there may be few or many successful people in your profession, but there is going to be only one hero in that profession.
Sahara Sanders|If one of the most interesting places to be is your inner world, you will never be bored when you are alone.
Murong Xuecun|It is difficult to call myself a writer, even when I stand at a podium to receive a prize, I feel uncomfortable calling myself a writer—I am merely a word criminal.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|I was like, Am I gay? Am I straight? And I realized...I'm just slutty. Where's my parade?
Lindsey A. Holcomb|I thought, Hey, maybe these people shouldn’t be making up holidays to drink more. Maybe if they drank less they might be able to title their newspaper articles more specifically. For example, I would title this last article “Drunk Driver Hits Drunk Walker Drunkety-Drunk I’m So Drunk.
Suzanne Enoch, Lady Rogue|Everton" (Francis)Alex turned his head to view a rainbow peacock mask bobbing toward him. "Good Lord, Francis, you are replendent," he said admiringly.The peacock stopped beside him. "Dash it, Everton, how'd you know it was me?"You're still wearing your faux ruby ring.
Charles Dickens|Nowadays, a critic has to watch 700, 800 films a year, and I know through experience, being a juror in prestigious film festivals where supposedly the best films are arriving, from twenty films maybe you see two that are good, one that is so-so, and one that is extraordinary. And the other sixteen are terrible.
Shelly Bell, At His Mercy|I think someone gave me candy when I was younger, someone whose face I don't remember; a blank face from my nightmares.  He gave them to me to cover up the taste of something vile, and I associate the candy with the vile act before it.”Dr. Jane moved over to the couch to sit next to me, put her arm around my shoulder, and cooed as if she were comforting a child.  I felt like a child.  I needed someone to hear the horror of this memory and explain what this might mean.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The heart is the window to the soul, the portal through which we can understand the desires of the spirit.
Victoria Moran|I can never see why people should be jealous. After all, youth isn't a matter of privilege, we all get the same share of it. Some people may be born at an easier time or be richer or more privileged than others, but that hasn't anything to do with being young
China Miéville, Embassytown|I can do everything with my language but not with my body. What I hide by my language, my body utters. I can deliberately mold my message, not my voice. By my voice, whatever it says, the other will recognize "that something is wrong with me". I am a liar (by preterition), not an actor. My body is a stubborn child, my language is a very civilized adult...
Noah Webster|Until the June 1967 war I was completely caught up in the life of a young professor of English. Beginning in 1968, I started to think, write, and travel as someone who felt himself to be directly involved in the renaissance of Palestinian life and politics.
Stacey Kade, Body & Soul|What happened to you?" she asked."Ben was feeling artistic. Wanted to rearrange my face.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|A leader. . .is like a shepherd. He stays behind the flock, letting the most nimble go out ahead, whereupon the others follow, not realizing that all along they are being directed from behind.
Laurie Lee, Cider With Rosie|My mother is a wonderful, eccentric lady who has no concept whatever of interior monologue. We'll be driving along in the car and she'll suddenly say, 'Ants don't like cucumbers, you know. And roaches don't like cinnamon. Do you want some cheese, Michael? Rembrandt was the Lord of the day.' -Mike Myers
Unknown|Go ahead, let them judge you.
Jordan Bridges|Companies that grow for the sake of growth or that expand into areas outside their core business strategy often stumble. On the other hand, companies that build scale for the benefit of their customers and shareholders more often succeed over time.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|Inherent in all persons does be,Love and compassion unfailingly.Give to others your love freely,And receive in turn love purely.[112]	- 4
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, there are instruments to acquire instruments; ‘here’, there is the instrument to attain the Final Goal (Self Realization).
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|Half the people in the world think that the metaphors of their religious traditions, for example, are facts. And the other half contends that they are not facts at all. As a result we have people who consider themselves believers because they accept metaphors as facts, and we have others who classify themselves as atheists because they think religious metaphors are lies.
Erma Bombeck|Well I was eight years old, and I have an older cousin who is three years older than me and she was doing acting, commercials, and modeling at the time and... to see my cousin doing that was really inspiring and I wanted to do it. So I went to my mom and I asked her if I could do it, and for the acting part of it, she made me study for a year.
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|The core of liberation theology is profoundly "theologal" - that is, rooted in the very nature of God. You see, there's an immediate relationship between God, oppression, liberation: God is in the poor who cry out. And God is the one who listens to the cry and liberates, so that the poor no longer need to cry out. ( Leonardo Boff, p. 166)
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|Pretty, was she?""Pretty?" he echoed. "Mister, when I see my first lady angel, if God ever sees fit to show me one, it'll be her wings and not her face that'll make my mouth fall open. I've already seen the prettiest face that ever could be.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|If you stand back far enough, anything and everything is nothing.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|This is how it works now with the news: the story begins with a moral, then a narrative is fashioned to support it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders are interested in gains. However, they acknowledge that there is no gain without pain. They embrace the pain.
Janet Yellen|Given a chance, I would like to work with Aishwarya Rai Bachchan because she's a versatile actor.
Mark  Manson|If you think you can kiss her, you probably could have ten minutes ago.
Drew Barrymore|I always want to wear clothes that my children will one day look back on and say, 'Oh, you looked amazing - why didn't you keep that?' Not, 'Oh my God - I can't believe you wore that.'
|Discover your true positive self first, before seeking for a special someone to come into your life. Without unconditional self-love, one will forever feel confused and empty on the inside.
Eric Schneiderman|I was born into a Christian family and brought up in a Lutheran church. My faith has been the center point of my life, really, since I was a child, but at 16 years of age, I fully surrendered my life over to Christ. At that point, as a teenager, I began to grasp the concept of Christ's true love and forgiveness.
Charles Stanley|Jail didn't make me find God, He's always been there. They can lock me up, but my spirit and my love can never be confined to prison walls.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|And some people have less star appeal than others, but sometimes they shine far brighter than those with more.
Jillian Michaels|It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.
Phil Robertson, Happy, Happy, Happy|Everywhere my sons and I go, we're telling people the good news about Jesus, blowing duck calls, and making people, happy, happy– then down the road we go.
Debasish Mridha|When you anxiously await to emerge from deep darkness, you will realize the beauty of light.
Haile Selassie|There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|If I could get back my youth, I'd do anything in the world except get up early, take exercise or be respectable.
Eli Roth|I'm not great at dating, but I need to do it to relax.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The weight of the world is a trifle, if we all put our two fingers under it and try to lift together.
Divya  Singh, Of Heartbreaks and Hope|When all seems dark and there is no light,Hope is the candle that always burns bright.
Debasish Mridha|Love gives us the perfect, pure, and sweetest joy of life.
G.V. Richards|Once he traveled to a village to purchase a large rice harvest, but when he arrived the rice had already been sold to another tradesman. Nevertheless, Siddhartha remained in this village for several days; he arranged a feast for the peasants, distributed copper coins among their children, helped celebrate a marriage, and returned from his trip in the best of spirits.Kamaswami reproached him for not having returned home at once, saying he had wasted money and time.Siddhartha answered, "Do not scold me, dear friend! Never has anything been achieved by scolding. If there are losses, let me bear them. I am very pleased with this journey I made the acquaintance of many different people, a Brahmin befriended me, children rode on my knees, peasants showed me their fields, and no one took me for a tradesman.""How very lovely!" Kamaswami cried out indignantly. "But in fact a tradesman is just what you are! Or did you undertake this journey solely for your own pleasure?""Certainly." Siddhartha laughed. "Certainly I undertook the journey for my pleasure. Why else? I got to know new people and regions, enjoyed kindness and trust, found friendship. You see, dear friend, had I been Kamaswami, I'd have hurried home in bad spirits the moment I saw my purchase foiled, and indeed money and time would have been lost. But by staying on as I did, I had some agreeable days, learned things, and enjoyed pleasures, harming neither myself nor others with haste and bad spirits. And if ever I should return to this place, perhaps to buy some future harvest or for whatever other purpose, I shall be greeted happily and in friendship by friendly people and I shall praise myself for not having displayed haste and displeasure on my first visit. So be content, friend, and do not harm yourself by scolding! When the day arrives when you see that this Siddhartha is bringing you harm, just say the word and Siddhartha will be on his way. But until that day, let us be satisfied with each other.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|Mr. Freeman sighs. "No imagination. What are you thirteen? Fourteen? You've already let them beat your creativity out of you!
Sanjo Jendayi|God in his unending greatness and glory and man in his unending littleness, prepared for the worst but rarely for the best, prepared for the possible but rarely for the impossible.
Zi Nguyen, Get Lost. Be Found.|When standing in the middle of the marvelous mountains and deep forests, in the earthy smell of all beginnings and endings, I often find myself asking what I have if all my possessions were taken away. Without money, car, house; or power and fame, if there are any, who am I? In that very moment, being away from the external voices and left alone in nature, I find my answer.
Jason Bateman|Throughout my 20s I spent a lot of time just playing and not really working, but fortunately for me I continued to get just enough work, and have a reason to wake up in the morning. I really empathize with some of my peers who had success in the early years then it dries up, and so there's no reason to get up in the morning.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I’m going to be a model of fearlessness. And when people spew fear, I’m going to stand with an invisible shield around me and let their comments zing off my shield, and I will say to myself ‘not in my world!’ because in my world, people do take risks, and people do try to make things better and they never say die!
Carthusian Monks|To Hear What Silence Is Saying, You Must Have Inner Peace. A Violent Mind Can’t Understand It....
Lailah Gifty Akita|The sacred lamp, shall never cease to burn to give light.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|Please!’ That word didn’t make sense to Nico. The Underworld had no mercy. It only had justice. ‘You’re already dead,’ Nico said. ‘You’re a ghost with no tongue, no memory. You won’t be sharing any secrets.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Whereas moral courage is the righting of wrongs, creative courage, in contrast, is the discovering of new forms, new symbols, new patterns on which a new society can be built.
Jackson Pollock|I think it's nice to age gracefully. OK, you lose the youth, a certain stamina and dewy glow, but what you gain on the inside as a human being is wonderful: the wisdom, the acceptance and the peace of mind. It's a fair exchange.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Calm down?” Her voice went really low, her eyes glittering. “Don’t tell me to calm down. I’m so freaking horny at the moment all I want to do is fuck. You got a problem with that?”Her words slammed into his groin. He should have a problem with it. She was pissed at him but still perfectly fine with using him. There was something really fucked up about that. Unfortunately, no part of Ryder had a problem with it.
Anne-Marie Duff|I think there's a time in your life where you don't feel like you fit in. I think everyone has that when you're a teenager, especially, and especially in the society we live in.
DaShanne Stokes|One of the most important qualities of a president is the ability to inspire, to bring people together for the common good.
Jeff Koons|When you create art, the world has to wait.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|She liked reality shows the best, and then the shows that purported to be about reality.
Tim Wise, White Like Me: Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son|There has never been a 'war on drugs'! In our history we can only see an ongoing conflict amongst various drug users – and producers. In ancient Mexico the use of alcohol was punishable by death, while the ritualistic use of mescaline was highly worshipped. In 17th century Russia, tobacco smokers were threatened with mutilation or decapitation, alcohol was legal. In Prussia, coffee drinking was prohibited to the lower classes, the use of tobacco and alcohol was legal.
Wilt Chamberlain|It's just so cool when you meet people who are different than you are. That can give you a different perspective, a viewpoint on life, or inspire you. I mean, what would the world be like if we were all the same? I think it would be very boring.
Samuel Arbesman, Overcomplicated: Technology at the Limits of Comprehension|Though,' observed Sloan profoundly, 'where there's a will there's usually a relative.
Maria McCann, As Meat Loves Salt|Commitment to nonviolence must not be based on patient acquiescence in intolerable conditions. Rather, it stems from a deeper knowledge of the self-defeating, self-corrupting effect of lapses into violence.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|He took it off, and she could see his hair was damp with sweat, as was his shirt on closer inspection. He mustn’t have bothered showering after his training session. Juliet’s belly tightened. There was just something about a sweaty man that had always done it for her. Good sweaty. Not the festering-for-hours-never-worn-deodorant kind. The healthy kind worked up through hard physical labour. The primal survival kind that attracted a woman to the type of man who could keep her in mammoth stew and furs. It clearly didn’t matter how sophisticated humans thought they were or how far they’d come. Hundreds of thousands of years of evolution and it still got down to how a man smelled. Mother Nature was one crazy bitch.
Troy Gentile|In our family, mom and dad are Longhorns, our first two kids are Aggies and we're hoping our last one is a Longhorn. It gives us family fun on Thanksgiving Day.
Stephen Covey|A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When you are gunning to be like other people, you are foolishly repeating their mistakes, and the worst of it all is that you can't even correct yours.
Queen Rania of Jordan|I hope this will help new moms not feel alone or desperate, and that there is no shame in their feelings. PPD is out of their control, but the treatment and healing process is not.
Emily Matchar, Homeward Bound: Why Women are Embracing the New Domesticity|A machine! I have become a machine! It has taken over my life. How ironic! In a world of freedom and independence, my entire life now depends on a machine!
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|Dead people put on weight, it seems to me; both in their flesh and in our minds, they put on weight.
George McGovern|The most important thing in our war preparations is to teach all our people to hate U.S. imperialism. Otherwise, we will not be able to defeat the U.S. imperialists who boast of their technological superiority.
Alisa Hope Wagner|When spirituality becomes spiritualization, life in the body becomes carnality. When ministers and priests live their ministry mostly in their heads and relate to the Gospel as a set of valuable ideas to be announced, the body quickly takes revenge by screaming loudly for affection and intimacy. Christian leaders are called to live the Incarnation, that is, to live in the body, not only in their own bodies but also in the corporate body of the community, and to discover there the presence of the Holy Spirit.
Jerriann Wayahowl Law|Its Barnum & Bailey world just as phony as it can be,But it would't be make-believe if you believed in me
Brennan Manning, The Furious Longing of God|I've decided that if I had my life to live over again, I would not only climb more mountains, swim more rivers, and watch more sunsets; I wouldn't only jettison my hot water bottle, raincoat, umbrella, parachute, and raft; I would not only go barefoot earlier in the spring and stay out later in the fall; but I would devote not one more minute to monitoring my spiritual growth. No, not one.
Bre Pettis|China has legally purchased high performance computers, advanced machine tools, and semiconductor-manufacturing equipment from several American companies.
K. Lamb|You can't teach a child what to dream, but you can teach them how to dream. #imagination
Alex Day|If real, regular, normal, boring life, (when you're at home every day, seeing the same people, doing the same things) is like sitting at home on the floor surrounded by toys... traveling feels to me like going to Toys R Us with your toy box and getting to trade stuff in and buy new things and explore whole new ideas.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|It's easy for the body to be open to desiring different people because desire wells up & demands to be satisfied. It's easy to categorize corporeal desire as sexuality, but if it has no means of merging with spiritual desire, then a rupture will occur between sprit & flesh. For ultimately passion & sex aren't only expressed physically but through a true union between two spirits. When the spirit can truly love & find contentment, both the body & the other key aspects of life will fall naturally into place, working in unison, merging.
Robbert Dijkgraaf|I received comments on how extraordinary it was that I could keep up speaking for exactly 45 minutes. Indeed, in an age of soundbites lasting some seconds and of quick quotes in the news, all those minutes do seem like an eternity, easy to get lost in. Yet, wait a moment. Television is not the only place where speeches are given. Some hundred thousand teachers teach every day. They all speak 45 minutes, more times a day. They have been doing this for years. Every teacher knows exactly when the time will be over and that by then his speech will need to come to a natural end. It is this tension that determines the success of a lesson. It is a sign of the times that we forget these daily achievements in education. A million students daily attend several ‘live’ lectures and this in secondary education alone. These are high ratings!
Viorica Dragotel|The strength of the familiar electromagnetic force between two electrons, for example, is expressed in physics in terms of a constant known as the fine structure constant. The value of this constant, almost exactly 1/137, has puzzled many generations of physicists. A joke made about the famous English physicist Paul Dirac (1902-1984), one of the founders of quantum mechanics, says that upon arrival to heaven he was allowed to ask God one question. His question was: "Why 1/137?
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|I don't mean what other people mean when they speak of a home, because I don't regard a home as a...well, as a place, a building...a house...of wood, bricks, stone. I think of a home as being a thing that two people have between them in which each can...well, nest.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|I have gone temporarily deaf and haven't any idea what you said, Harry.
John Keats|A thing of beauty is a joy for ever: Its loveliness increases; it will never Pass into nothingness; but still will keep A bower quiet for us, and a sleep Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.
Halsey|The beauty about being a producer is you sit there, and you explore ideas which become a passion, which slowly becomes a reality.
Lisa Wingate, Dandelion Summer|One of the secrets to life, Epiphany, is to find your gifts and focus on those. Leave your liabilities in the dust of the road not taken. The world is an imperfect place. Everyone struggles. Successful people see trials as growth experiences, rather than stumbling blocks. You have everything you need for success. You're a beautiful young woman, and you're strong, and you have a clever mind. If you let anyone convince you otherwise, you steal from yourself.
Heather Wolf, Kipnuk the Talking Dog|May the light of your soul guide you; May the light of your soul bless the work you do with the secret love and warmth of your heart; May you see in what you do the beauty of your own soul; May the sacredness of your work bring healing, light and renewal to those who work with you and to those who see and receive your work; May your work never weary you; May it release within you wellsprings of refreshment, inspiration and excitement; May you be present in what you do. May you never become lost in the bland absences; May the day never burden; May dawn find you awake and alert, approaching your new day with dreams, possibilities and promises; May evening find you gracious and fulfilled; May you go into the night blessed, sheltered and protected; May your soul calm, console and renew you.
Karen Azinger, The Steel Queen|Beauty to beguile, spies to ensnare, and gold, always gold, to tempt, to trap, to control.
Stig Dagerman|But then comes a time when forgetting isn't possible. And I do mean a particular time when no amount of dreaming, not then and maybe not ever, can change how naked and unimportant we become in our own eyes.
Alaya Dawn Johnson, The Summer Prince|Dreaming's shit, but dying's worse; and watching someone die, that comes somewhere between the two, I guess. It ain't good, but it's got to be better than the other thing, better than doing it yourself. Hasn't it?
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|Everybody has a story. It’s like families. You might not know who they are, might have lost them, but they exist all the same. You might drift apart or you might turn your back on them, but you can’t say you haven’t got them. Same goes for stories.
Mitch Albom from "Tuesdays with Morrie"|That's what we're all looking for. A certain peace with the idea of dying. If we know, in the end, that we can ultimately have that peace with dying, then we can finally do the really hard thing." Which is? "Make peace with living.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|The winds shifted, and Abraxos rode them, rising higher into the sky, the darkened kingdom below passing by in a blur.Changing winds—a changing world.Perhaps a changing Thirteen, too. And herself.She didn't know what to make of it,But Manon hoped they'd all survive it.She hoped.
Fakeer Ishavardas|That which you fix your heart to, believing with all your desire you will get, you will.
Cristen Rodgers|Oh, of course I stumble. There are times when I’m confidently skipping along and then I trip over my own poorly-placed steps and fall face first into the thickets. But I think there’s a sort of beauty in falling. Each time I fall, I’m reminded that I’m still human, that I’m still learning, that there will always be more lessons, growth, and discovery up ahead. So, although I have times when I’m weak, when I’m critical of myself, or I lose hope, I wouldn’t give them up for the world. I cherish them – because it’s the risk of falling that makes life a grand adventure rather than just a guided tour.
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|Those cloudy nights when the stars fail to appear, I miss them terribly. But I know in my heart they are still there and, sometimes knowing has to be enough
Myles Munroe, understanding your potential discovering the hidden you|Lincoln, considering a Cabinet nominee: "He is a Radical without the petulance and fretfulness of many radicals.
Isabel Greenberg, The Encyclopedia of Early Earth|I have my own stories. A few are known and some untold. Be a tragic one or a comedy one, stories are meant to end at a certain point. Stories... teach us whether we are the option or we are comparing.
Martin Heidegger|The *second task* consists in distinguishing the mode of knowing operative in ontology as science of Being, and this requires us to *work out the methodological structure of ontological-transcendental differentiation*. In early antiquity it was already seen that Being and its attributes in a certain way underlie beings and precede them and so are *a proteron*, an earlier. The term denoting this character by which Being precedes beings is the expression *a priori*, *apriority*, being earlier or prior. As *a priori*, Being is earlier than beings. The meaning of this *a priori*, the sense of the earlier and its possibility, has never been cleared up. The question has not even once been raised as to why the determinations of Being and Being itself must have this character of priority and how such priority is possible. To be earlier is a determination of time, but it does not pertain to the temporal order of the time that we measure by the clock; rather, it is an earlier that belongs to the "inverted world." Therefore, this earlier which characterises Being is taken by the popular understanding to be the later. Only the interpretation of Being by way of temporality can make clear why and how this feature of being earlier, apriority, goes together with Being. The *a priori* character of Being and of all the structures of Being accordingly calls for a specific kind of approach and way of apprehending Being―*a priori cognition*.The basic components of *a priori* cognition constitute what we call *phenomenology*. Phenomenology is the name for the method of ontology, that is, of scientific philosophy. Rightly conceived, phenomenology is the concept of a method. It is therefore precluded from the start that phenomenology should pronounce any theses about Being which have specific content, thus adopting a so-called standpoint." ―Martin Heidegger, from_The Basic Problems of Phenomenology_
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|He looked down at his boots. "That berth belongs to you too. It will always be there when―if you want to come back."Inej could not speak. Her heart felt too full, a dry creek bed ill-prepared for such rain. "I don't know what to say.
Fritjof Capra, The Tao of Physics: An Exploration of the Parallels between Modern Physics and Eastern Mysticism|There can only be two contexts of your life. Either you are the author of your life, or He (the Creator) is the author of your life. People who feel that their creation is the responsibility of the Creator, find opportunities unexpectedly. Those who feel that their lives are their own, have to fashion their own means.
Mattie Stepanek|Sin does not stop God's grace from flowing, but God's grace will stop sin.
Aimee Carter, Pawn|Any fool can do something cool and look cool, but it takes skill to make something uncool cool again.
Rainer Maria Rilke|…[S]uddenly your eye, which was already preparing itself for larger dimensions, goes about willingly with little, hesitating, hearkening steps over the many overgrown paths of a long dead experience and stands still by all its landmarks reverently and respectfully. And has forgotten the world, and has no world but a face. I know exactly everything you said then. The figure of the old lady who speaks rarely and reservedly, who hides her hands when a gesture of tenderness would move them, and who only with rare caresses builds bridges to a few people, bridges that no longer exist when she draws back her arm and lies again like an island fantastically repeated on all sides in the mirror of motionless waters. My eyes too were already caught up in the radiance and bound to great and deep beauties.”―from letter to Clara Westhoff Schmargendorf bei Berlin (October 18, 1900)
Richard Carlson, Don't Sweat the Small Stuff ... and it's all small stuff: Simple Ways to Keep the Little Things from Taking Over Your Life|One of the mistakes many of us make is that we feel sorry for ourselves, or for others, thinking that life should be fair, or that someday it will be. It's not and it won't. When we make this mistake we tend to spend a lot of time wallowing and/or complaining about what's wrong with life. "It's not fair," we complain, not realizing that, perhaps, it was never intended to be.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|Do you realize that you have the power to design a life that’s meaningful and even remarkable? You and God are in a family partnership. He has not only blessed you with mortal breath, but with a purpose-filled life. He’s given you power and will to control that life. This is a gift that He will never take from you. But when you humble yourself and give your will back to him, your life will be nothing short of miraculous.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|The worms do not take heed of caste and rank when they feast on our ashes," the Raja said. "Your subjects will not remember you. They will not remember the shade of your eyes, the colors you favored, or the beauty of your wives. They will only remember your impression upon their hearts and whether you filled them with glee or grief. That is your immortality.
Jeroninio Almeida, Karma Kurry for the Mind, Body, Heart & Soul|Modern science has been a voyage into the unknown, with a lesson in humility waiting at every stop. Many passengers would rather have stayed home.
Winston Churchill|Globalisation has made us more vulnerable. It creates a world without borders, and makes us painfully aware of the limitations of our present instruments, and of politics, to meet its challenges.
Chuck Norris, Against All Odds: My Story|In the aftermath of their visions, Petit and Rice could not have imagined all that would be required of them. Neither Petit's dream of crossing the towers nor Rice's of fighting for justice came with an instruction manual. To accomplish their feats they'd have to overcome fear, test their plans against reality and maintain an unwavering focus on what their visions had revealed to them about their future selves.
Amit Kalantri|Children imitate their parents, employees their managers.
Julian Quintero|‪To know someone is to have your own personal experiences with them, not lead by the opinion of others.‬
George MacDonald|It is always our own self that we find at the end of the journey. The sooner we face that self, the better.
Hilda Solis|I don't get to go home as much as I used to, which is a shame. But I don't mind because my mum moved over to London to look after me. I rented her a house just around the corner.
Hesham Nebr|The point is, there is no point." Philip spoke up surprisingly. "No one here gets out alive. And over a sufficient period of time, all choices tend to normalize on a curve of random distribution.""You mean if you wait long enough, nothing happens?
Paulo Coelho|If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our souls set us apart from every other living creature, and that makes us unique. It also makes us fully human.
Roger Schank|I'm not suggesting that teachers never tell the truth, only that it isn't necessary to do it all the time. Since coming to one's own conclusions is mostly how we learn, the real job of a teacher is to force students to come to sensible conclusions by confronting what they already believe with stuff that is antithetical to those beliefs. A confused person has only 2 choices. Admit he is confused and doesn't care, or resolve the confusion. Resolving the confusion invloves thinking. Teachers can encourage thinking by making sure students have something confusing to think about.
Reba McEntire|Of course we need to show we are a genuine alternative to an unpopular, Conservative-led government. But we need to set ourselves a higher standard than a party offering anger like UKIP.
Paul David Tripp, Sex and Money: Pleasures That Leave You Empty and Grace That Satisfies|David would wear no purple cloth, no symbols of his kingship, when he went to greet the ark. In its presence, we were all of us servants.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you look in the mirror and see your reflection, your eyes are open; when you look in the mirror and see God, your soul is open.
Kelley Armstrong, Bitten|You forget, darling. the local psychopath.
Mamur Mustapha|In a world devoid of towering political leaders, we seem to have become experts at growing idiots & elevating them to important positions.
Sharon Kay Penman, Time and Chance|I gazed upon the earth and saw that a body, in its tender faithlessness, had located it in the sky. A splendid scarf of blood, looming above the abyss.
Czesław Miłosz|Reality calls for a name, for words, but it is unbearable, and if it is touched, if it draws very close, the poet’s mouth cannot even utter a complaint of Job: all art proves to be nothing compared with action. Yet to embrace reality in such a manner that it is preserved in all its old tangle of good and evil, of despair and hope, is possible only thanks to distance, only by soaring above it--but this in turn seems then a moral treason.
Fergie|The average customer comes into McDonald's three to four times a month, and I'm absolutely convinced that can fit in very comfortably into a balanced diet.
Ludmilla Petrushevskaya|Even in the wood, there was a right road and a wrong one. All the most terrifying fairy tales inevitably began with some foolish innocent (or two) straying from the path. Then anything might happen.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Civil disobedience, as I put it to the audience, was not the problem, despite the warnings of some that it threatened social stability, that it led to anarchy. The greatest danger, I argued, was civil obedience, the submission of individual conscience to governmental authority. Such obedience led to the horrors we saw in totalitarian states, and in liberal states it led to the public's acceptance of war whenever the so-called democratic government decided on it...In such a world, the rule of law maintains things as they are. Therefore, to begin the process of change, to stop a war, to establish justice, it may be necessary to break the law, to commit acts of civil disobedience, as Southern black did, as antiwar protesters did.
Gregory Maguire, After Alice|A world emerging, daily, out of nothing, a world that we trust to resemble what we've seen previously. We should know better.
Simon Sinek|If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|As soon as Neil is out of the shower, he texts Peter. You up? he asks.And the reply comes instantly:For anything.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you're afraid of heights, lean over a railing. If you're afraid of germs, lick a floor. But what do you do if your greatest fear is of being afraid?
Kittie Blessed|Encouragement, Love, HopeThere was a man that struggled with every step and walked each step with fear. As we all know when you walk and pave a path of fear, the steps slow down and the true light of faith dims. His family did, however, stand behind him. Though his steps were slow and not going far, his family followed covering each of those steps with encouragement and hope. As he kept walking and turned his head, the people who cared most weren't clear. His fear had taken over and there was uncertainty that slowed him down even further. The family that stands behind you is the one who gives you the push you need to keep going.The man was saddened with fear and started to sob. Mystery of the unknown was the overwhelming door he wasn't ready to open. His family followed right behind him, saying, "We are there for you, you are strong; you can make it through the toughest path with the strongest light of hope."It seemed he couldn't hear all that was said. It was as if he wasn't truly listening to the strongest words, but to the heavy negativity that kept drowning him in his fear. His steps slowed down even further. He cried some more and was shaken even more by the unknown that was ahead. It was that he didn't want to take a chance of what could come ahead, what could be the most enlightening and most life changing steps he could take to better himself in the future.His family still stood behind him with every step he took. Every time he looked back it was getting dimmer and dimmer, but they were still there. They spoke softly to him, "Everybody has risks in their lives, even obstacles they must over come. It will only make you stronger in the end, without risks in life, there is no chance."He didn't hear them speak; he heard it as if it was another language, something so far from understanding.The man found a bench and sat down. He was tired and didn't want to walk any further. His eyes filled with tears that streamed down his cheeks. His hands starting to cover his face, drowning in the fear that was overwhelming him. Again his loving family was there, but he couldn't see. They were around him with heart-filling encouragement and love, and best of all, that blessedness of hopeThe man lay down on the bench; his tears had soaked his cheeks and palms of his hands and fell asleep. When he awoke, his eyes slowly opened, trying to look around, finding that he was in an unfamiliar place. His vision was a bit fuzzy. He looked down and started to realize he wasn't on the bench anymore.He saw his legs and started to look up further; he was in a hospital gown. The man's eyes grew even more confused. He stood there in silence as his head slowly tilted up. He didn't understand why here was there.His eyes turn and he looks, as he notices numerous cords
Cobi Jones|As a leader, the first person I need to lead is me. The first person that I should try to change is me.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|And hell, sometimes the best thing is to put on a black dress and become a wicked stepmother. There’s power in that, if you’re after power.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Revolving Door of Life|...But I do like the idea of household gods--shall we get some? A set of little statues and bring the boys up to believe in them?""I hope they believe in something," said Elspeth. 'Imagaine believing in nothing at all--not even in love, or justice, or any of the things that can make people passionate.""Such as a country?"Elspeth thought about this. "I suppose there are lots of people who believe in Scotland. Or the European Union, for that matter. Their belief anables them to ... well, to talk about the future with enthusiasm. They don't like things as they are and they are convinced that things will be much improved once they are otherwise.""Well, why not?" asked Matthew."I didn't say there was any reason why not. I'm just commenting on that sort of belief. The trouble is that it might make discussion difficult. If somebody believes to strongly in one particular solution to the world's problems, then it may obscure the nuances. That's all I was saying." Elspeth paused. "They may not see that there are others who have a different view. You can love things in a whole lot of different ways, can't you?
John Ridley|Mike Huckabee represents something that is either tremendously encouraging or deeply disturbing, depending on your point of view: a marriage of Christian fundamentalism with economic populism.
Norhafsah Hamid, Trying to be Muslim|Even at such a tender age, I knew that life is lived in leftovers, account ledgers, and timetables rather than in the Platonic sphere of perfect theory. I couldn't float sylphlike around Love Hall in the flowing robes of indeterminacy for the rest of my life, however much I wished there to be no change. I had to accept my responsibilities and, at least in the eyes of the world and at least for the time being, nail my colors to a mast. Unless I wished to appear a strange wonder for the rest of time, caked in circus makeup covering the truth inches beneath, the mast would be male.
Harold Kushner|To me, flowers are happiness.
Douglas Coupland|What I've come to know is that in life, it's not always the questions we ask, but rather our ability to hear the answers that truly enriches our understanding. Never, never stop learning.
Thalia|Unilever, Nestle and SAB Miller are all taking a long-term approach to investing in sustainable resource consumption. Each is driving through better resource management, which is expected to yield positive returns in the future.
Earl Wilson|I remember having my father stand over me when I had driven over my own foot; one leg was out of the car and one leg was in the car. He looked at me and told me that I was a drunk and that he was ashamed to call me his son. That night, I stopped drinking and I never drank again; I was twenty four.
Melissa Landers, Invaded|Do you still think the world is vast? That if there is a conflagration in one place it does not have a bearing on another, and that you can sit it out in peace on your veranda admiring your absurd petunias?
Alfred Adler|Judges wear legal professionalism and precedent as a mantel that secures legitimacy for their decisions. It's how they distinguish themselves from politicians or administrative agencies, while wielding power that is sometimes much greater than those democratically accountable actors.
William Withey Gull|never forget that it is not a pneumonia, but pneumonic man who is your patient
Henry Ward Beecher|Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.
Elle Aycart, More than Meets the Ink|Beginning a novel is always hard. It feels like going nowhere. I always have to write at least 100 pages that go into the trashcan before it finally begins to work. It's discouraging, but necessary to write those pages. I try to consider them pages -100 to zero of the novel.
Shahida Arabi, Becoming the Narcissist's Nightmare: How to Devalue and Discard the Narcissist While Supplying Yourself|A child that’s being abused by its parents doesn’t stop loving its parents, it stops loving itself.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Maybe, it is easier to forget the past,than to overcome the pain caused by it.Maybe, it is one of some other reasons,why men forget their prehuman ancestor.
J.K. Rowling|Just think how many books I could've sold if Harry had been a bit more creative with his wand." -[On the success of 50 Shades of Grey]
Vladimir Putin|In a consumer society, people wallow in things, fascinating, enjoyable things. If you define your value by the things you acquire and surround yourself with, being excluded is humiliating.
L.A. Larkin, Devour|Three kilometres beneath the camp, sub-glacial Lake Ellsworth, and whatever secret it may hold, is sealed within a frozen tomb.
L V HALL|last night i dreamt AGAIN of a chaotic world, a lawless world..a world that was wounded with bullet holes, shattered glass & screams behind explosives harsh soundmy dreams, for some time now..so filled with shattered glass.just shattered glass. in a shattered world.
Jay Rinaldi|Be inquisitive. Open your eyes, open your minds to things you don't necessarily know even exist. I think that's an important part of learning and growing. The more [you]'re willing to ask, the more {you}'re going to get out of it.
Stephen Russell, Barefoot Doctor's Guide to the Tao: A Spiritual Handbook for the Urban Warrior|You can trust everyone to be human, with all the quirks and inconsistencies we humans display, including disloyalty, dishonesty and downright treachery. We are all capable of the entire range of human behavior, given the circumstances, from absolute saintliness to abject depravity. Trusting someone to limit their sphere of action to one narrow band on the spectrum is idealistic and will inevitably lead to disappointment.On the other hand, you can decide to trust that everyone is doing their best according to their particular stage of development, and to give everyone their appropriate berth. For this to work, you have to trust yourself to make and have made the right choices that will lead you on the path to your healthy growth. You have to trust yourself to come through every experience safely and enriched. But don’t trust what I am saying. Listen and then decide for yourself. Does this information sit easily in your belly? You know when you trust yourself around someone because your belly feels settled and your heart feels warm.
Greta Christina|Wherever morality is based on theology, wherever right is made dependent on divine authority, the most immoral, unjust, infamous things can be justified and established.
the TV show "Gilmore Girls"|One of life's best coping mechanisms is to know the difference between an inconvenience and a problem. If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire – then you’ve got a problem. Everything else is an inconvenience. Life is inconvenient. Life is lumpy. A lump in the oatmeal, a lump in the throat and a lump in the breast are not the same kind of lump. One needs to learn the difference.
John L. Parker Jr.|Running is about finding your inner peace, and so is a life well lived.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|Sometimes when you lose someone, it’s at that moment that you realize how much they mean to you. And when that happens, and when you think about how you let them slip away, you know you’d do anything just to have them there with you again.
Anthony Liccione|Life is like a lit cigarette. The past is ashes, the present is burning, and the future is up in smoke. Fast as a breath; inhale exhale.
Savannah Stuart, Dangerous Craving|I'm not letting you -- us -- go that easily, sweetheart, so get used to having me in your life.
David S. Landes, Revolution in Time: Clocks and the Making of the Modern World|What, exactly, is the Internet? Basically it is a global network exchanging digitized data in such a way that any computer, anywhere, that is equipped with a device called a “modem” can make a noise like a duck choking on a kazoo.
Lisa Fantino, Amalfi Blue, lost & found in the south of Italy|On Lee as commander: "He had a cheerful dignity and could praise them (his men) without seeming to court their favor.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Children do not find fault with their parents until later. In the beginning, the love you get is the love that sets.
Thomas Hardy, The Complete Poems|Only something in me understands the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses. Nobody, not even the rain has such small hands.
Epictetus|As a man, casting off worn out garments taketh new ones, so the dweller in the body, entereth into ones that are new.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Which one was first created, time or things?Master of Stupidity: No things, no changes. No changes, no time.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|...the Puritans compressed whatever mirth and public joy they deemed allowable to human infirmity; thereby so far dispelling the customary cloud, that, for the space of a single holiday, they appeared scarcely more grave than most other communities at a period of general affliction.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I kept glancing at him and away from him, as if his green eyes were hurting me. In modern parlance he was a laser beam. Deadly and delicate he seemed. His victims had always loved him. And I had always loved him, hadn't I, no matter what happened, and how strong could love grow if you had eternity to nourish it, and it took only these few moments in time to renew its momentum, its heat?-Lestat
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|I believe in good memories. I like to have those memories again, i also believe in love, Honesty, Kindness and being loyal. my favorite memories was when me and my brother and sister were kids and palying football together, i remember we had lots of fun. specially me and my younger sister love to play computer game too, i still remember that we wanted so badly to play , i think that kids love to play, so i am going to say to all parents that let your kids enjoy their life, take care of them good and teach them to be kind, be honest, to love and respect others. it was an amazing time and amazing memories, it make me happy when i look back at those memories but it also make me sad cause i missed those memories .
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|She lifted her chin; her head weighed fifty pounds. "You tried to poison me."	Pretty sure I succeeded in that.
H.P. Lovecraft|Naughty John, Naughty John, does his work with his apron on. Cuts your throat and takes your bones, sells 'em off for a coupla stones.
Gary Younge, Another Day in the Death of America: A Chronicle of Ten Short Lives|So long as you have a society with a lot of guns- and America has more guns per capita than any other county in the world- children will be at risk of being shot. The questions are how much risk, and what, if anything, is being done to minimize it? If one thinks of various ways in which commonplace items, from car seats to medicine bottle tops, have been childproofed, it's clear that society's general desire has been to eliminate as many potential dangers from children as possible, even when the number of those who might be harmed is relatively small. If one child's death is preventable, then the proper question isn't "Why should we do this" but rather "Why shouldn't we?" It would be strange for that principle to apply to everything but guns.
Ethan Day, Life in Fusion|I used to have Santa and the whole coal thing, but between Wade and their father, the little shits get whatever they want. They no longer feel like they need the fat bastard!
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Daily life took as much as she had. The future was sunset; the past something to leave behind. And if it didn't stay behind, well, you might have to stomp it out.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A premature death does not only rob one of the countless instances where one would have experienced pleasure, it also saves one from the innumerable instances where one would have experienced pain.
Manel Loureiro, Apocalipsis Z: Los días oscuros|Glenn! Most people want to die when they get the stomach flu. You threw up everything but your spleen and you just kept going.” My eyes well up and my breathing gets shallow. “For Danny.” “Nah. For you! You’re a tough motherfucker, Glenn.
Austin Grossman, You|Some days I spent up to three hours in the arcade after school, dimly aware that we were the first people, ever, to be doing these things. We were feeling something they never had - a physical link into the world of the fictional - through the skeletal muscles of the arm to the joystick to the tiny person on the screen, a person in an imagined world. It was crude but real. We'd fashioned an outpost in the hostile, inaccessible world of the imagination, like dangling a bathysphere into the crushing dark of the deep ocean, a realm hitherto inaccessible to humankind. This is what games had become. Computers had their origin in military cryptography - in a sense, every computer game represents the commandeering of a military code-breaking apparatus for purposes of human expression. We'd done that, taken that idea and turned it into a thing its creators never imagined, our own incandescent mythology.
Sara Keddar|I'm a naked mind, in a covered body.
Jerry Seinfeld|Keep your head up in failure, and your head down in success.
Kamand Kojouri|Love, the exotic bird, came and went.Heart forgot love.Joy, the majestic willow, wept and died.Mind forgot joy.Hope, the basement lamp, fell and broke.Soul forgot hope.Self, the anxious caterpillar, took flight and dropped.Self forgot self.You, my all, became all my reasons.Reasons left.You left.I never forgot.
Kaje Harper, Life Lessons|The whole room said, "Admire without touching anything and then get out.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Of course we'll win. And even if we were to lose, we'd win at losing.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Revenants|They will set aside what they have believed about the world, divesting themselves of all preconceptions, all judgments.... They will do it, then they will send their minds out to seek the truth. 
Ian Falconer, Olivia|Only five books tonight, Mommy," she says.No, Olivia, just one."How about four?"Two."Three."Oh, all right, three. But that's it!
Kaiden Blake|Don't stop yourself from greatness before you've begun from fear or from self-doubt. You were put here on this planet to do great things, to pioneer change by way of your own personal uniqueness, and to express yourself and share your happiness with others.
Arthur Cayley|Where was the line between compassion and foolishness, kindness and weakness? And that was from her position. From theirs, it might be a line between mercy and cruelty, consideration and callousness.
C.D. Reiss, Beg|Being under him, trapped, objectified, I lost all fear. With Jonathan, I felt safe. I felt a loss of control so complete, a surrender so honest that it became a luxurious indulgence.
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|Regardless of what language it is said in, "I love you" stays beautiful, and two hearts beating together make the same sound. It is the language of Love.
Rana Mohamad|When he came home early, he was dreary. There, he'd sit by the fireplace, his worn hands gripping the newspaper a bit too tight, his eyes held to it, unseeing, towards the words, the meaningless grouping of letters on that newspaper. The fire would cackle, sizzle, full of life, so opposite to this man, whose face was crossed with the burdens of the world, and lips pressed thing under that bushy mustache. His grief sat on him like a cloud, sending him into a dimension that left his eyes two empty coals, his chest an impossible storm. He spoke to no one, and hardly did anyone speak to him, because words were never something he was good at.  Then, when the sky darkened, he's stand, and trudge to his room, where his bed waited, cold and hungry, just as he'd always known it to be.
George W. Bush, Decision Points|There may be no English word as bent and broken by casual misuse, or drained of blood by idealizing admirers and apologists, or grossly caricatured by huckstering detractors, as church.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|Originality is independence, not rebellion; it is sincerity, not antagonism.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Ingredients to success: know what you do well, know what to do well, and know someone who's swell.
Chuck Klosterman|The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong are more powerful than is commonly understood. Indeed, the world is ruled by little else. Practical men, who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influences, are usually slaves of some defunct economist.
Nayreil|Flower will not grow, if the stem doesn't allow
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|In war, the first casualty is truth.
Pandora Poikilos, Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out|The best relationships in our lives are the best not because they have been the happiest ones, they are that way because they have stayed strong through the most tormentful of storms.
Ryū Murakami, In the Miso Soup|But what I did sense was an emptiness like a black hole inside of him, and there was no predicting what might emerge from a place like that.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|These men flocked to the plains, and were rather stimulated than retarded by the danger of an Indian war. This was another potent agency in producing the result we enjoy to-day, in having in so short a time replaced the wild buffaloes by more numerous herds of tame cattle, and by substituting for the useless Indians the intelligent owners of productive farms and cattle-ranches.
Steve Jobs|I believe that on such an issue as this no one is or can be completely truthful. It is difficult to be certain about anything except what you have seen with your own eyes, and consciously or unconsciously everyone writes as a partisan
William H. Gass, Fiction and the Figures of Life|It is not a single cowardice that drives us into fiction's fantasies. We often fear that literature is a game we can't afford to play — the product of idleness and immoral ease. In the grip of that feeling it isn't life we pursue, but the point and purpose of life — its facility, its use.
Pinkie Numa|When you are dealing with difficulties and you feel like you don't have the strength to stand anymore, do not allow yourself to see that as a sign of weakness, it is just a sign that you are human. Allow someone who cares to be strong for you. It is easier to be strong for someone else than it is it to be strong for yourself.
Sai Marie Johnson, Simply Scarlet|A witch so bold would not flinch, no matter how harsh her punishment might be, though his wish was for her to feel every strike.
Sakyong Mipham|Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|She met her father in the living room. “I'm begging you not to kill him.” Her father scowled at her. “This man is our sworn enemy. He has-” “I know who he is and I know what he's done. I also know he is Gianni's father, and in our hearts, he is Will's father. Will loves him.” “And you,” Jack snorted. She glared at her uncle. “This is not about me.” He was silent, but his disbelief was there in his eyes. Bree turned back to her father. “He did what he did on the order of his father. Even though I despise Bernardo, we all know that family is everything. It doesn't make it forgivable, but it does make it understandable. I'm begging you for Will's sake. Don't make him lose another father.” “She could be pregnant with his child,” Beth said softly, coming out of the kitchen. Bree gave a start. They hadn't been trying to conceive but it wasn't outside of the realm of possibility. She grabbed on to the lie. “I am.” Her father's mouth fell open and her uncle swore. She met her sister's gaze in gratitude. “That's right. I found out in Ireland that, yes, I'm pregnant again.” Beth gave her a tiny nod, acknowledging the lie. “Son of a…” Her father clenched his fists. “Don't leave this baby without a father, Daddy. Please.” John looked from her to her sister. “Untie the son of bitch and toss him on the street.
Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days|Careful with the accusations of insanity, oh my lady whose home is a tower with windows of brick, all for the sake of some skinny-ankled, laugh-prone boy of a khan.
John Barth, Chimera|The Genie declared that in his time and place there were scientists of the passions who maintained that language itself, on the one hand, originated in 'infantile pregenital erotic exuberance, polymorphously perverse,' and that conscious attention, on the other, was a 'libidinal hypercathexis' -- by which magic phrases they seemed to mean that writing and reading, or telling and listening, were literally ways of making love.
Sam Altman|If your current get-rich project fails, take what you learned and try something else. Keep repeating until something lucky happens. The universe has plenty of luck to go around; you just need to keep your hand raised until it's your turn. It helps to see failure as a road and not a wall.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|The ‘wounded men’ may, I argue, represent a form of shamanistic suffering, ‘death’ and initiation that was closely associated with somatic hallucinati
Teresa R. Funke, Dancing in Combat Boots|I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.
Rebel Miller|It is not that I object to the work, mind you; I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. I love to keep it by me: the idea of getting rid of it nearly breaks my heart.
Jordan Belfort, The Wolf of Wall Street|The way those old memories kept bubbling to the surface in the present tense was disturbing. It was as if the past had never died; as if on some level of time's great tower, everything was still happening.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|What's up?" I asked.You tell me," he said. "You were the one about ready to start making out with Adrian."It was an experiment," I said. "It was part of my therapy."What the hell kind of therapy are you in?
Robin Wasserman|It's always good to get feedback from people. I've been fortunate that all the fans, and especially fans of 'Teen Wolf,' have been really gracious.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Possibly when the professor insisted a little too emphatically upon the inferiority of women, he was concerned not with their inferiority, but with his own superiority.
Daniel Abraham, The Dragon's Path|Every form of strength is also a form of weakness,” he once wrote. “Pretty girls tend to become insufferable because, being pretty, their faults are too much tolerated. Possessions entrap men, and wealth paralyzes them. I learned to write because I am one of those people who somehow cannot manage the common communications of smiles and gestures, but must use words to get across things that other people would never need to say.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a bird does not bring out all of the songs on its heart, all its symphonies die inside.
Lucy Hawkins, Finding Orlando|For the first time in my life, I believe that maybe I can be more than what I am, that I can be more than I ever dreamed of. Because of him.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|One never knows what fate has in store.” Turning toward Rohan, Amelia discovered he was glancing over her in a slow inventory that spurred her heart into a faster beat. “I don’t believe in fate,” she said. “People are in control of their own destinies.” Rohan smiled. “Everyone, even the gods, are helpless in the hands of fate.” Amelia regarded him skeptically. “Surely you, being employed at a gaming club, know all about probability and odds. Which means you can’t rationally give credence to luck or fate or anything of the sort.” “I know all about probability and odds,” Rohan agreed. “Nevertheless, I believe in luck.” He smiled with a quiet smolder in his eyes that caused her breath to catch. “I believe in magic and mystery, and dreams that reveal the future. And I believe some things are written in the stars … or even in the palm of your hand.” Mesmerized, Amelia was unable to look away from him. He was an extraordinarily beautiful man, his skin as dark as clover honey, his black hair falling over his forehead in a way that made her fingers twitch with the urge to push it back. “Do you believe in fate too?” she asked Merripen. A long hesitation. “I’m a Roma,” he said. Which meant yes. “Good Lord, Merripen. I’ve always thought of you as a sensible man.” Rohan laughed. “It’s only sensible to allow for the possibility, Miss Hathaway. Just because you can’t see or feel something doesn’t mean it can’t exist.
George Orwell|In this confusion we begin to see what lies behind John Paul II's startling warning about democracy "effectively mov[ing] towards a form of totalitarianism." It begins to happen at a practical level when we simultaneously hold that rights which arise from the dignity of the person are also a matter of "bargaining." New rights can be claimed or created, and whatever privileges can be negotiated around them are then secured by reference to human dignity, even when these new rights are directly contrary to the human dignity of some, for example, the unborn or the elderly sick. This confusion about the nature of rights debases their currency and undermines the first principles of democracy. Such freedom gradually becomes a tyrannical "freedom of the 'the strong' against the weak, who have no choice but to submit.
Margaret Brownley, A Vision of Lucy|When posing for a photograph, spinsters should avoid looking desperate or deprived. A serene smile will show that your circumstances are by choice and not for lack of beauty or character. -Miss Gertrude Hasslebrink, 1878
Kristi Ling, Operation Happiness: The 3-Step Plan to Creating a Life of Lasting Joy, Abundant Energy, and Radical Bliss|Maybe something can only be born when something else dies. Maybe our 'coming alive' feels like being dragged through the dirt. Maybe you and I are hanging my a thread of grace for most of our lives and we're expected to be humble, not haughty, with the breaks we've been given. Maybe we're supposed to pay good deeds forward. Maybe we're supposed to think what's in it for me? far less than we do. Maybe we need to sacrifice more. Maybe it won't feel like a sacrifice at all, but more like the sensation of becoming unnumbed.
Koren Zailckas|I think what I learned in research is that as Americans, we're very distrustful of anger. We're not sure if we should repress it. The idea that anger is supposed to be controlled is American, and we try to keep it out of our homes.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Instinct|Sadly for you, I think I'm going to live, Simi. You can stop slapping me now. I've already lost enough sense. Can't afford to lose any more brain cells. I really really need my last three before I forget how to spell my name. It's hard enough to pronounce." Nick"well, poo. Not poo that you'll live, 'cause the Simi would probably miss you if you died, but poo that I'll miss all that good old salty boy meat. Though we needs be fatting you up some to make you really good eats. Hmmm." Simi
Bill Rancic|When I was 12 years old, I got interested in learning English.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Shakespeare was not a genius. He was, without the distant shadow of doubt, the most wonderful writer who ever breathed. But not a genius. No angels handed him his lines, no fairies proofread for him. Instead, he learnt techniques, he learnt tricks, and he learnt them well.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Wait Till Next Year|He clenched his small fist, bellowed his rage to the heavens, and resolved to never again recognize the authority of any man on earth.
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|Commerce does not have to be a ruthless, brutal enterprise that damages people’s lives. It can be a source of happiness, healing, and hope.
Jim Al-Khalili|In fact, for a period stretching over seven hundred years, the international language of science was Arabic. For this was the language of the Qur'an, the holy book of Islam, and thus the official language of the vast Islamic Empire that, by the early eighth century CE, stretched from India to Spain.
Francis A. Schaeffer|Focus on what's next, not what came before.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|To endure the cross is not a tragedy; it is the suffering which is the fruit of an exclusive allegiance to Jesus Christ. When it comes, it is not an accident, but a necessity. It is not the sort of suffering which is inseparable from this mortal life, but the suffering which is an essential part of the specifically Christian life. It is not suffering per se but suffering-and-rejection, and not rejection for any cause or conviction of our own, but rejection for the sake of Christ.
Wayne Chirisa|Living someone else's vision, is proclaiming death to your imparted destiny, and proclaiming life to the destiny of the visionaries pursuing their visions.
Charles Henry Parkhurst|To hear a truth, we must first suspect that our present truth might not be. Like Alice’s White Queen, who often believed six impossible things before breakfast, I believed many things in my life, considering them to be true at any given time but suspecting that they might not be, until I met Jesus Christ. When we encounter The Truth, we know it and can only accept or reject it. Denial is not an option.
William Lane Craig|So, once more, the question is: Does the Bible forbid homosexual behavior? Well, I’ve already said that it does. The Bible is so realistic! You might not expect it to mention a topic like homosexual behavior, but in fact there are six places in the Bible—three in the Old Testament and three in the New Testament—where this issue is directly addressed—not to mention all the passages dealing with marriage and sexuality which have implications for this issue. In all six of these passages homosexual acts are unequivocally condemned.In Leviticus 18.22 it says that it is an abomination for a man to lie with another man as with a woman. In Lev. 20.13 the death penalty is prescribed in Israel for such an act, along with adultery, incest, and bestiality. Now sometimes homosexual advocates make light of these prohibitions by comparing them to prohibitions in the Old Testament against having contact with unclean animals like pigs. Just as Christians today don’t obey all of the Old Testament ceremonial laws, so, they say, we don’t have to obey the prohibitions of homosexual actions. But the problem with this argument is that the New Testament reaffirms the validity of the Old Testament prohibitions of homosexual behavior, as we’ll see below. This shows they were not just part of the ceremonial laws of the Old Testament, which were done away with, but were part of God’s everlasting moral law. Homosexual behavior is in God’s sight a serious sin. The third place where homosexual acts are mentioned in the Old Testament is the horrifying story in Genesis 19 of the attempted gang rape of Lot’s visitors by the men of Sodom, from which our word sodomy derives. God destroyed the city of Sodom because of their wickedness.Now if this weren’t enough, the New Testament also forbids homosexual behavior.
Woodson Merrell, The Detox Prescription: Supercharge Your Health, Strip Away Pounds, and Eliminate the Toxins Within|Often we see detox as a solitary pursuit, something we have to muscle up for and go it alone. But the truth is that it will be easier and healthier if you find a way to integrate your friends and family into the experience.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|I thought maybe a day was coming when I'd stop constantly worrying about how to live. Maybe at some point I'd just start living, no questions asked.
Ellen J. Barrier|Forget the beauty, comfort, love and enjoyment. You must to be enough tough on yourself to be strong on others.
R. Joseph Hoffmann|After the discovery of spectral analysis no one trained in physics could doubt the problem of the atom would be solved when physicists had learned to understand the language of spectra. So manifold was the enormous amount of material that has been accumulated in sixty years of spectroscopic research that it seemed at first beyond the possibility of disentanglement. An almost greater enlightenment has resulted from the seven years of Röntgen spectroscopy, inasmuch as it has attacked the problem of the atom at its very root, and illuminates the interior. What we are nowadays hearing of the language of spectra is a true 'music of the spheres' in order and harmony that becomes ever more perfect in spite of the manifold variety. The theory of spectral lines will bear the name of Bohr for all time. But yet another name will be permanently associated with it, that of Planck. All integral laws of spectral lines and of atomic theory spring originally from the quantum theory. It is the mysterious organon on which Nature plays her music of the spectra, and according to the rhythm of which she regulates the structure of the atoms and nuclei.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|It is always dangerous to declare a turning point in history. We always tend to feel that, when we are alive, something really major is happening.
Mikail Niamy|That girl's got" the vision "----a heart that sees some peoples hearts are blind and stumble in the darkness some peoples hearts shine with light and can see and help those who stumbleThe purer the heart the greater the lightthe better the vision﻿
Abraham Joshua Heschel|The thing is, Ms. Embers, they aren’t exactly on our side.
William Kent Krueger, Twin Cities Noir|The Pilgrims believed beer was an unalloyed good, a 'good creature of God.' People who did not drink were suspect and 'crank-brained.
Charlotte Stein, Sheltered|The rest of the girls out there are just shooting stars," Simon whispered into my ear. "They're on a crash course to nowhere. But you, my lady friend, you're a black hole. You've sucked me in, and now there's no escape
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|I have the feeling we just made a deal with the devil, and he's going to come back and want our first-born child or something."Daemon waggled his brows. "You want kids? Because you know, practice makes--""Shut up." I shook my head and started walking.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|Lincoln told a family friend that his father taught him to work, but never learned him to love it.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|It's not that there is no small talk...It's that it comes not at the beginning of conversations but at the end...Sensitive people...'enjoy small talk only after they've gone deep' says Strickland. 'When sensitive people are in environments that nurture their authenticity, they laugh and chitchat just as much as anyone else.
Dianna Hardy, Rise Of The Wolf|Grief came in waves, sometimes big, sometimes small, but even on the calmest days, the grief remained. The tide still came ashore.
Emmanuel Levinas, Totality and Infinity:  An Essay on Exteriority|To approach the Other in conversation is to welcome his expression, in which at each instant he overflows the idea a thought would carry away from it. It is therefore to receive from the Other beyond the capacity of the I, which means exactly: to have the idea of infinity. But this also means: to be taught. The relation with the Other, or Conversation, is a non-allergic relation, an ethical relation; but inasmuch as it is welcomed this conversation is a teaching. Teaching is not reducible to maieutics; it comes from the exterior and brings me more than I contain. In its non-violent transitivity the very epiphany of the face is produced.
Rio Rose Alejandro Buenaflor|Those of us who are brave enough to venture out, find so many things that we never knew within.
Kele Moon|Rules. Even as the world of phone and computer sex (and dominance) were full of their own rules, so was the new world of doing-it-for real. And some of these new rules, (OK, most of them, Robin admitted) were just as silly as the ones she had learned and followed before. Safe words, for example. Magic words that when said by the bottom, stopped a scene so that some kind of inconvenient or dangerous activity could be halted. Robin had nothing against the concept.........Having a code to use so that you're free to pull against the bondage or whimper "no, no, no" seemed to be a great idea. But having all these possible ways to orchestrate what was happening seemed, well, contrary to the point........I want to feel that I can't stop it. I want to be really mastered, taken over by someone who isn't goin to stop doing things because I'm not getting off on it. Someone who knows enough not to endanger me, unless that was what was intended.........
Anita Brookner|To deal with life and her many challenges, you have to have thick skin like a rhinoceros”.
Sherrie Eldridge, Twenty Things Adopted Kids Wish Their Adoptive Parents Knew|Believe that God is strong enough to save your children, no matter how you fail.
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|He had the tool to break down the walls that imprisoned his people. He had the tool to rip away the veil to the Holy of Holies so that his flock could come before the Lord and be cleansed, made whole, transformed, and have a personal, loving relationship with their creator. That very tool san on Hannah's bookshelf right now, gathering dust until Sunday morning. Her Savior was there, waiting to speak to her and show her the way home again, the way back to love. YOUR WORD IS LIFE! Why didn't more people understand that?
Amy Carroll|Time and time again one has seen, even in people not particularly given to reflection, that the best way of finding a solution is to let one’s thoughts drift until the right moment comes to pounce, like a tiger taking its prey by surprise.
Jose Ortega y Gasset|We have no right to assume that any physical laws exist, or if they have existed up until now, that they will continue to exist in a similar manner in the future.
Dawn French|For the sake of future generations, we must continue to work together to realise a world without nuclear weapons.
Michael Foster|Put away these frozenjawed primates and their annals of ways beset and ultimate dark. What deity in the realms of dementia, what rabid god decocted out of the smoking lobes of hydrophobia could have devised a keeping place for souls so poor as is this flesh. This gawky wormbent tabernacle.
Wislawa Szymborska|If what distinguishes us from other species is speech, then poetry, which is the supreme linguistic operation, is our anthropological - indeed, genetic - goal.
Paul Auster|This is what is called speaking. I believe that is the term. When words come out, fly into the air, live for a moment, and die. Strange, is it not? I myself have no opinion. No and no again. But still, there are words you will need to have. There are many of them. Many millions, I think. Perhaps only three or four. Excuse me. But I am doing well today. So much better than usual. If I can give you the words you need to have, it will be a great victory. Thank you. Thank you a million times over.
Bill Bryson, The Lost Continent & Neither Here Nor There|In my day the principal concerns of university students were sex, smoking dope, rioting and learning. Learning was something you did only when the first three weren't available.
Cote de Pablo|It simply is not true that everything is now on the Internet, but it is true that the digital resources available through the Internet have enormous potential for education and even for self-empowerment of individuals.
János Arany|And if other old men must be willing, at the end, to push up off their deathbed and adventure out into the unknown, how much more willing must that man be whose whole life has been just such a daily exercise of adventuring, even in the stillness of his own garden? I mean, the poet.
Nora Roberts|Courage comes in different forms. There's strength--that's the muscle. But love's the heart. When you put them together, you can do anything.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|No one can obtain felicity by pursuit. This explains why one of the elements of being happy is the feeling that a debt of gratitude is owed, a debt impossible to pay. Now, we do not owe gratitude to ourselves. To be conscious of gratitude is to acknowledge a gift.
James Patterson, The Christmas Wedding|Marty, my mother used to say "Never get greedy with God." I think what she meant was "Don't dare ask for more if you already have what you need." 
Mehmet Murat ildan|After much effort to live up to a glorious standard there came fatigue, wan hope, and boredom. I experienced extreme boredom. I saw others experiencing it too, many denying, by the way, that any such thing existed. And finally I decided that I would make boredom my subject matter. That I'd study it. That I'd become the world's leading authority on it. March, that was a red-letter day for humanity. What a field! What a domain! Titanic! Promethean! I trembled before it. I was inspired. I couldn't sleep. Ideas came in the night and I wrote them down, volumes of them. Strange that no one had gone after this systematically.Oh, melancholy, yes, but not modern boredom.
Pam Johnson-Bennett, Twisted Whiskers: Solving Your Cat's Behavior Problems|Cats may walk by themselves, but there are times when they need our support.
Compton Gage|As concerning the things whereof thou asked me, I will tell thee; for the evil is sown, but the destruction thereof is not yet come.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|There is no God for sure, else how could one justify terminal diseases in small kids?
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|Is something the matter?” Calcifer asked. “Yes. My heart. There was a scarecrow at the door!” Sophie gasped. “What has a scarecrow to do with your heart?” Calcifer asked. “It was trying to get in here. It gave me a terrible fright. And my heart—but you wouldn’t understand, you silly young demon!” Sophie panted. “You haven’t got a heart.” “Yes I have,” Calcifer said, as proudly as he had revealed his arm. “Down in the glowing part under the logs. And don’t call me young. I’m a good million years older than you are! Can I reduce the speed of the castle now?
Hélène Baronne d’Oettingen, The Cubist Poets in Paris: An Anthology|Abaratians are very much about living in the moment; living life because that's what we've got, we've got today, we've got now, we've got being alive now and we have to be awake and alive in the moment and not asleep in our lives. And they would find the idea of sleeping through your life, of being bored - they would think that was very stupid - why would you be bored when there's so much to do and so much to see and so much to be?
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|An imaginary friend once asked me why Americans can't stand Russia. The answer was cold, deadly, silent, and, well expected. It’s because in Soviet Russia nothing happens anymore, because it doesn’t exist anymore. And Americans are all about happenings. If there isn’t one – they don’t go where it isn’t, because there isn’t anything to happen to them there.
Charlotte Eriksson|Find what makes you happy and go for it with all your heart. It will be hard, but I promise it will be worth it.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|And now at the airport, after shaking hands with everybody, waving good-bye, I think about all the different ways we leave people in this world. Cheerily waving good-bye to some at airports, knowing we'll never see each other again. Leaving others on the side of the road, hoping that we will. Finding my mother in my father's story and saying good-bye before I have a chance to know her better.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|You may forsake a person, a family, some location of the heart, but scars and memories cannot be discarded like used clothing.
Jonathan Tropper, This is Where I Leave You|... it looked at me as it passed, smiling in that crazy-happy way that dogs do. And I started laughing. I mean, how can you not laugh at a dog running on the beach? But I was also kind of crying, too. Laughing and crying simultaneously hurts. It hurts and it's confusing.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|In the world there is, parallel to the force of death and constraint, an enormous force of persuasion that is called culture.
