Jules Renard|Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do.
Savas Dimopoulos|If you formulate your question properly, mathematics gives you the answer
T.H. White, Ghostly, Grim and Gruesome|My father always used to tell one of his dreams, because it somehow seemed of a piece with what was to follow. He believed that it was a consequence of the thing's presence in the next room. My father dreamed of blood.It was the vividness of the dreams that was impressive, their minute detail and horrible reality. The blood came through the keyhole of a locked door which communicated with the next room. I suppose the two rooms had originally been designed en suite. It ran down the door panel with a viscous ripple, like the artificial one created in the conduit of Trumpingdon Street. But it was heavy, and smelled. The slow welling of it sopped the carpet and reached the bed. It was warm and sticky. My father woke up with the impression that it was all over his hands. He was rubbing his first two fingers together, trying to rid them of the greasy adhesion where the fingers joined." ("The Troll")
Alan Moore, 25,000 Years of Erotic Freedom|Sexually progressive cultures gave us literature, philosophy, civilization and the rest, while sexually restrictive cultures gave us the Dark Ages and the Holocaust.
Charles M. Schulz|Happiness is waking up, looking at the clock and finding that you still have two hours left to sleep.
Thomas More, Utopia|To tell you the truth, though, I still haven't made up my mind whether I shall publish at all. Tastes differ so widely, and some people are so humourless, so uncharitable, and so absurdly wrong-headed, that one would probably do far better to relax and enjoy life than worry oneself to death trying to instruct or entertain a public which will only despise one's efforts, or at least feel no gratitude for them.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of Man: The Divine Conquest of the Human Heart|When I asked her if she was afraid to fall in love, she damn near doubled over. "Afraid? My heart has been through hell and back. Yet it never quits, refuses to rest, gives without asking in return, and is deeper than the deepest sea. It's love, my dear, that should fear me." That night my heart was signed, by my one of a kind.
Rick Riordan|If you ever leave me again,’ she said, her eyes stinging, ‘I swear to all the gods-‘Percy had the nerve to laugh. Suddenly the lump of heated emotions melted inside Annabeth.‘Consider me warned,’ Percy said. ‘I missed you, too.
Mario Andretti|Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Donna Goddard|Being liked or not, having company or not, being understood or not, being acknowledged or not are not issues of concern on the spiritual path.
Matthew Perry|Humor comes in all forms, and everyone has their cup of tea about what makes them laugh. But the day we censor humor is a sad one for sure.
Simon R. Green, Ghost of a Chance|It is a relief to discover that although there might be axe murderers and kidnappers in the world, most people seem a lot like us: sometimes afraid and sometimes brave, sometimes cruel and sometimes kind.
Gary Moore, Playing With the Enemy: A Baseball Prodigy, a World at War, and a Field of Broken Dreams|The main character, Gene Moore, is shown how much of his identity is wrapped up in his career and potential in that career. When he comes home from war no longer able to see himself as a baseball prospect, he isn't sure who he is. This is thoroughly reinforced every time one of his acquaintances identifies him by baseball or inquires about his status. How much of our identity and worth is wrapped up in our job title or the one we are aspiring to?
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|Where faith costs nothing, faith loses respect, even to those who possess it.
Erin Hanson|There is freedom waiting for you,On the breezes of the sky,And you ask "What if I fall?"Oh but my darling,What if you fly?
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|Oh, why does college have to happen to perfectly good people?
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|Suddenly, as Avis clung to her father’s neck and ear while, with a casual arm, the man enveloped his lumpy and large offspring, I saw Lolita’s smile lose all its light and become a frozen little shadow of itself, and the fruit knife slipped off the table and struck her with its silver handle a freak blow on the ankle which made her gasp, and crouch head forward, and then, jumping on one leg, her face awful with the preparatory grimace which children hold till the tears gush, she was gone — to be followed at once and consoled in the kitchen by Avis who had such a wonderful fat pink dad and a small chubby brother, and a brand-new baby sister, and a home, and two grinning dogs, and Lolita had nothing.
India Stoker|Bad news. If you can see it coming, you brace yourself; you weigh the outcome. But there's always that niggling voice, that voice of hope whispering, 'Maybe it's good news.' Whether you can admit it or not, that little whisper is a potent thing.
Erwin Schrödinger, 'Nature and the Greeks' and 'Science and Humanism'|Materialism wars against our souls in a twofold manner. First, it makes us discontent and envious of others. Second, it leads us to pamper and indulge our bodies so that we become soft and lazy. As we become soft and lazy in our bodies, we tend to become soft and lazy spiritually. When Paul talked about making his body his slave, so that after having preached to others he himself would not be disqualified, he was not thinking about physical disqualification, but spiritual. He knew well that physical softness inevitably leads to spiritual softness. When the body is pampered and indulged, the instincts and passions of the body tend to get the upper hand and dominate our thoughts and actions. We tend to do not what we should do, but what we want to do, as we follow the cravings of our sinful nature.
Kelley Armstrong, Bitten|...that when you wanted to see something very badly,sometimes you had to stay still,stay in the same place, remember how much you wanted to see it,and be patient.If you want to see hawks you have to be patient too.
Demi Moore|Don't listen to anybody. Nobody knows the magic bullet. If they did, they'd sell it and make a fortune. Follow your gut. Follow your instincts. Every once in a while, take a chance.
John Piper, Recovering Biblical Manhood & Womanhood|This point is often missed by evangelical feminists. They conclude that a difference in function necessarily involves a difference in essence; i.e., if men are in authority over women, then women must be inferior. The relationship between Christ and the Father shows us that this reasoning is flawed. One can possess a different function and still be equal in essence and worth. Women are equal to men in essence and in being; there is no ontological distinction, and yet they have a different function or role in church and home. Such differences do not logically imply inequality or inferiority, just as Christ’s subjection to the Father does not imply His inferiority.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I love the thrill of impending, weightless doom...
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|If You Lose Your Keys, At Least It's Better Than Losing Your Car.
Chuck Palahniuk|Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Love Restored|He's lost everything once, and now, he wasn't sure if he had anything left to lose.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|It has been observed that all Americans need a frontier: pain was hers, and she was determined to push it out.
Jaime Ray Newman|Lauryn Hill's always been a hero of mine. And Bruno Mars, Janelle Monae and Adele, those are the current artists I would reference in terms of who's been able to do really amazing pop records with really cool, organic throwback elements of soul in there as well.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Naturally, I do blame Françoise. I blame her for having N in the first place. She was young, she was beautiful, she was married to a doctor, and she was intelligent. She could have abstained from producing her first son. It was wrong on a variety of levels.
Deepak Chopra, Why Is God Laughing?: The Path to Joy and Spiritual Optimism|Everything that seemingly happens externally is occurring in order to trigger something within us, to expand us and take us back to who we truly are.
John Didcott|Severability is an important concept in the context of the relations between this Court and Parliament; like 'reading down', it is an instrument of judicial restraint which reduces the danger of producing an overbroad judicial reaction to overbroad legislation.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Is that me?,' Leo said. 'Like me--having this dream--looking at me having a dream?
Kenneth Eade, Political Thriller: Unwanted, an American Assassin Story: an assassination, vigilante justice and terrorism thriller|ISIS was not particular about how their soldiers made it to Jannah, so long as they inflicted maximum damage..
Meg Cabot, Shadowland|And try to remember what we discussed, Susannah. A mediator is someone who helps others resolve conflicts. Not someone who, er, kicks them in the face.
Jacqueline A. Bussie, Outlaw Christian: Finding Authentic Faith by Breaking the 'Rules'|The name outlaw Christian describes the kind of Christian I am and the kind I’m setting myself free to become: namely, a follower of Jesus who no longer accepts cocky clichés, hackneyed hope, or snappy theodicies—defenses of God’s goodness and power—that explain away evil and suffering with a theo-magical sleight of hand. An outlaw Christian doesn’t condemn questions or discourage doubt. Instead, an outlaw Christian seeks to live an authentic life of faith and integrity, and chooses the defy the unwritten laws governing suffering, grief, and hope that our culture and religious traditions have asked us to ingest. The faith of an outlaw Christian is bold, outspoken, and active in a world of pain.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Reject anything advice, which does not lead to your personal progress.
Kate Bloomfield, Alpha Girl|That’s a Planeswalker demon.” Dante slumped into the seat behind her. “You aren’t crazy.” Meg slid him a bemused glance. “I thought we’d settled that a few weeks back.”“Nope,” he said,shaking his head. “I was still certain you were loony.”“Then why have you been helping me?”“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, sweetheart, but you have fabulous tits,” Dante said with a sigh. “I figured once you gave up on the whole idea of being queen of the faery world, you might consider sleeping with me. Now I see that demons are real. I’m going to church tomorrow.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|Maybe we all just exist, all versions of us exist at times, and we have to figure out a way to get to each of them, to find each one and tell that version that it's okay, that it's all justthe way it works, a concept too powerful to ignore but too complicated to explain.
Ryan Reynolds|It's funny, in literature no one ever goes to the lavatory.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Pulling Down Satanic Strongholds|When life belittle and trick you, you will forget protocol...
Maddy Edwards|Just then Trafton walked up to the four of us. "I can see this is a little gang on campus" said Trafton "How do I join?""Dial 1800 - not on your life and see how that works out for you," said LisabelleTafton smiled at her "I know that behind that harsh exterior you have a kind and gentle soul." "No" said Lisabelle "I really don't. I'm pretty much always this unpleasant with the desired result of being left alone. Why am I not being left alone?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your suffering is here to help you unfold and to awaken into compassion, love and strength.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|But I am bound upon a wheel of fire, that mine own tears do scald like moulten lead.
M. F. Husain|The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
Dani Harper, Storm Bound|Funny how being a grown-up didn’t make you any less glad to have a mom on the scene. Whether it was your own or someone else’s mother, it was like having the cavalry arrive.
Nicole Ari Parker|Liz Benedict, a teacher of mine at Iowa, is the person who introduced me to James Salter's work.
Tim Bishop|When Xi Jinping came to power, there were a series of hints that market-based capitalism would be allowed to move forward under his leadership. At the first real threat, they've fallen over themselves to impose government control.
|You never think it’s going to happen to you, do you?
Henry Rollins|Everything you do makes my body scream with loneliness. When I see you, the room swallows me. I find myself at the bottom of the pool.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|When students learn to wrestle with questions about purpose, audience, and genre, they develop a conceptual view of writing that has lifelong usefulness in any communicative context.
Nicholas Sparks, Three Weeks With My Brother|The lessons my parents taught are still with me. I keep a tighter leash when raising my kids than my parents did, but I often find myself doing or saying the same things they did. My mom, for instance, was always cheerful when coming in from work; I try to behave the same way when I finish writing for the day. My dad would listen intently when I came to him with a problem, to help me find a way to solve it on my own; I try to do the same with my own kids. At night, while I'm tucking my kids in bed, I ask them to tell me three nice things that each of their siblings did for them that day, in the hopes that it will help them grow as close as Micah, Dana, and I did. And more frequently than I ever would have imagined possible growing up, I find myself telling my children "It's your life", or "No one ever promised that life would be fair", and "What you want and what you get are usually two entirely different things".
Sarah Ban Breathnach|Let me encourage you to get up every day and focus on what you do have in life. Be thankful for the blessings of the little things, even when you don't get what you expect.
C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism|Allan Emmanuelle Karlsson closed his eyes and felt perfectly convinced that he would now pass away for ever. It had been exciting, the entire journey, but nothing lasts for ever, except possibly general stupidity.
Jana Oliver, Forgiven|At the first kiss I felt something melt inside me that hurt in an exquisite way. All my longings, all my dreams and sweet anguish, All the secrets that slept deep within me came awake, Everything was transformed and enchanted, everything made sense.
Teresa L. DeCicco, PhD|Awareness is a great neutralizer of negative emotions." Living Beyond the Five Senses
Rebecca Stead, Goodbye Stranger|His dad said if you did something wrong to someone in public, you ought to admit it in public, too.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If not you, who?
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no greater poverty, than poverty of the mind.
Patricia Briggs, Blood Bound|The quality of mercy is not strain'd,It droppeth as the gentle rain from heavenUpon the place beneath: it is twice blest;It blesseth him that gives and him that takes:'Tis mightiest in the mightiest: it becomesThe throned monarch better than his crown;His sceptre shows the force of temporal power,The attribute to awe and majesty,Wherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings;But mercy is above this sceptred sway;It is enthroned in the hearts of kings,It is an attribute to God himself;And earthly power doth then show likest God'sWhen mercy seasons justice.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Woman Who Walked in Sunshine|It shall be an offence for any man, either a husband or other person of the male sex, married or otherwise, being over the age of twelve years, to throw any item of clothing having been worn by the said person for whatever length of time, upon the floor of any bathroom or any room adjacent to and connected to a bathroom, without good cause.
M.  Clarke|Maybe you should just take it off up in my room and I can help you get dry.” He leaned in, his full lips right on my ear. “Or make you wetter.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, A Defence of Poetry and Other Essays|A man, to be greatly good, must imagine intensely and comprehensively; he must put himself in the place of another and many others; the pains and pleasures of his species must become his own. The great instrument of moral good is the imagination.
Brunonia Barry, The Fifth Petal|Tell me what you want, and I'll tell you who you think you are. Tell me what you fear, and I'll tell you who you really are.
Julie Garwood, The Ideal Man|I long for your embrace, your warmth, and your gentleness. I crave your touch. Your body, your mind, your words move me. I fear I am not capable of expressing the depth of my emotion, for I have never known such a feeling and never will again. As much as I have striven to remain detached, my heart and my soul belong to you, now and forever.
Dagobert D. Runes, A Dictionary of Thought|Despite every advancement, language remains the defining nexus of our humanity; it is where our knowledge and hope lie. It is the precondition of human tenderness, mightier than the sword but also infinitely more subtle and ultimately more urgent.
Lidiya K., This Moment|if a make up, is a fake face, than why dress to impress?
Donna Lynn Hope|We start our sometimes tedious, sometimes exciting, often times sad and stressful march to the grave the moment we're born, so it might as well be a march worth remembering.
L.A. Casey, Alec|The one kiss that was stolen, was given in a lie.
Chris Rock|You know, some people say life is short and that you could get hit by a bus at any moment and that you have to live each day like it's your last. Bullshit. Life is long. You're probably not gonna get hit by a bus. And you're gonna have to live with the choices you make for the next fifty years.
Kevin Hooyman, Conditions on the Ground|Creative people, as I see them, are distinguished by the fact that they can live with anxiety, even though a high price may be paid in terms of insecurity, sensitivity, and defenselessness for the gift of the “divine madness,” to borrow the term used by the classical Greeks. They do not run away from non-being, but by encountering and wrestling with it, force it to produce being. They knock on silence for an answering music; they pursue meaninglessness until they can force it to mean.
William J. Bennett, From a World at War to the Triumph of Freedom 1914-1989|Don’t be insecure about aiming to be a small business. Anyone who runs a business that’s sustainable and profitable, whether it’s big or small, should be
Mary Balogh, The Proposal|Even through the dulling effects of the pill, he wanted to be rid of his itching brain, his ignited skin, the flesh beneath, to in some way become so ethereal and Unbound to the earth that he could unsee, disavow, disavow
Gretchen Rubin|I kind of imagine myself at eighty, a cat lady.
Azim Premji|Russia would prefer to rebuild trust rather than allow it to further corrode. That's why, in July 2007, President Putin, in the spirit of strategic openness, proposed a truly collective effort at missile defense for Europe.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|For there is no joy in continuity, in the perpetual. We desire it only because the present is empty. A person who is trying to eat money is always hungry. When someone says, "Time to stop now!" he is in a panic because he has had nothing to eat yet, and wants more and more time to go on eating money, ever hopeful of satisfaction around the corner. We do not really want continuity, but rather a present experience of total happiness. The thought of wanting such an experience to go on and on is a result of being self-conscious in the experience, and thus incompletely aware of it. So long as there is the feeling of an "I" having this experience, the moment is not all. Eternal life is realized when the last trace of difference between "I" and "now" has vanished - when there is just this "now" and nothing else.By contrast, hell or "everlasting damnation" is not the everlastingness of time going on forever, but of the unbroken circle, the continuity and frustration of going round and round in pursuit of something which can never be attained. Hell is the fatuity, the everlasting impossibility, of self-love, self-consciousness, and seld-possession. It is trying to see one´s own eyes, hear one´s own ears, and kiss one´s own lips.
Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade|These bits of paper are covered with lies. They poison your minds. And so long as they exist, you cannot hope to see the world as it truly is.(...)You turn to them for answers and salvation. (...) You rely more upon them than upon yourselves. This makes you weak and stupid. You trust in words. Drops of ink. Do you ever stop to think of who put them there? Or why? No. You simply accept their words without question. And what if those words speak falsely, as they often do? This is dangerous.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|If I never went home, what exactly would I be missing? I pictured my cold cavernous house, my friendless town full of bad memories, the utterly unremarkable life that had been mapped out for me. It had never once occurred to me, I realized, to refuse it.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|Capitalists grow wealth. Socialists redistribute wealth.... but population grows, so the Socialist population control kicks in in the form of eugenics.
Jackie Evancho|I feel quite sad for the young musicians coming up because they may never get to pay their rent properly. It doesn't matter what the genre; nowadays, it's so much harder than it ever was.
Diane Lynn McGyver|A radiant glow enveloped Alaura. Soft eruptions of various shades of effervescent green danced in the air and frolicked in the locks of her dark blonde hair. Whispers of yellows and blues revealed themselves near the skin, kissing the air with each leap.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation|Gabby, I told you I'd give you space, but I never said I wouldn't fill your space with flowers. Brad
J.D. Robb|That's science fiction shit," "It's only fiction until science catches up.
Pablo Picasso|People rely too much on their lifelong instincts. Their perception is divided by necessary obedience, which they themselves have become too weak to liberate themselves from. I'd let the Devil read me the bible, before I trusted the Words of God or the Mind of Man.
Bert McCoy|Stop digging up the past, lay down your shovel, the past is dead.
Tor Udall, A Thousand Paper Birds|It doesn't matter where she looks, there are always the beautiful imperfections of a marriage.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|Sometimes, reaching out and taking someone's hand is the beginning of a journey.At other times, it is allowing another to take yours.
Laini Taylor, Lips Touch: Three Times|He didn't believe in magic and demons. He believed in day and night, endurance and fury, cold mud and loneliness and the speed with which blood leaves the body
Pessoa, Fernando|The history of Kurdistan doesn’t just tell us why it hasn’t become independent so far. It also helps to make the case for Kurdistan’s independence. It is a desire founded, not just on some passing modern whim in that direction, or on spurious claims to natural and obvious borders, but on a sustained historical focus and desire by its people, on pre-existing promises, on the need for protection from the kind of atrocities that have historically been perpetrated against the Kurds, and on the rather artificial way in which Kurdistan has been denied its existence in the past.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|Vampires are fond of their games. But the games that They play are different than the variants that I'm familiar with. The rules were made to be bent, broken, shattered—and somebody always gets hurt.Always.
Megan Rich, Six Years of A Floating Life: A Memoir|And still, still, there is more to describe- we paint because drawing breath is an agony and exhaling an ecstasy and somewhere in the space in-between 	 we think we once found a truth; and the eternal part of us desires  to share this truth at all costsonly it's never quite how we pictured it,  and it's never quite received the way we wantand the paint drips with our own blood the handles of our brushes are our own bonesour own tears become the words to our most beautiful love songs and we know we'll never get it right before we die-getting up every morning and facing our own limited truth is a courage so divine  most men quell and women stay enslaved in silence.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays of Robert Louis Stevenson|I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in. As I walked, my mind was busy fitting what I saw with appropriate words; when I sat by the roadside, I would either read or a pencil and a penny version-book would be in my hand, to note the features of the scene or commemorate some halting stanzas. Thus I lived with words.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Until now psychologists only factored in emotional and physical gratification while studying subjects, but believe me I'm coining a new term: VIRTUAL GRATIFICATION, which will become a new form of craving in near future. Watch On!
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|And I didn't think you believed in god or a heaven.''Having been here thirty-four days,' I tell him, 'I've changed my mind, Sydney.''Why's that then?' he smiles.'Well, if there's a hell like this place, then there has to be heaven somewhere.
Tyler Perry|Everybody's got skeletons in the closets. Every once in a while, you've got to open up the closet and the let the skeletons breathe. Half the time, the very thing you think is gonna destroy you or ruin you is the very thing that nobody cares about. My advice to people with skeletons is to dust them off every now and then-- as long as your closet's aint full of them. It's not good to have more than two or three.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|In an unforgiving world, chaos rules.
T.H. White, The Sword in the Stone|Perhaps he does not want to be friends with you until he knows what you are like. With owls, it is never easy-come-easy-go.
Denis Waitley|In fact, I argue that the future of advertising, whatever the technology, will be to associate each brand with one word. This is one word equity. It's the modern equivalent of having the best site on the high street, except the location is in the mind.
Greg Mortenson, Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time|Once you educate the boys, they tend to leave the villages and go search for work in the cities, but the girls stay home, become leaders in the community, and pass on what they’ve learned. If you really want to change a culture, to empower women, improve basic hygiene and health care, and fight high rates of infant mortality, the answer is to educate girls.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|A monster that refused, sometimes, to behave like a monster. When a monster stopped behaving like a monster, did it stop being a monster? Did it become something else?
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Let your children nourish their knack, for that knack shall one day provide them with the way to live with dignity and contentment.
Mark Hanna|I think you have to be much more secure and much less angry to trust the simple. You've got to be in a pretty good place to trust those simple, obvious answers and, most important, to use them.
Arthur Slade|Walt Disney had a nuclear imagination before the advent of nuclear, some comprehension of apocalypse and rapture deep in his genes.
Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary|The egocentric is always frustrated, simply because the condition of self-perfection is self-surrender. There must be a willingness to die to the lower part of self, before there can be a birth to the nobler.
Nell Carter|9/11 revealed that those about to die do not seem afraid or plead for forgiveness for their sins, if they think about them at all. They all have one thing in mind - those they love - and they all do the same thing: They call them up - spouses, family or friends - to tell them they love them.
Kym Grosso, Kade's Dark Embrace|Hot. I’ve been upgraded to hot.No one has ever called me hot. Cute? Yes. Adorable? yes, often and it makes me want to punch them. I didn’t know short girls could even be hot. I thought I’d been permanently relegated to elfin-pixie-child status.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|Some things you jes' know Doll, and that's one I'd bet the farm on.
Latif Mercado|The battles may last for a long time, perhaps even years. There are powerful forces on both sides, and the war is important to both armies. It's not a battle of good against evil. It's a war between forces that are fighting for the balance of power, and, when that type of battle begins, it lasts longer than others-because Allah is on both sides.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|Man I’m hot,” I exclaimed, fanning myself. The combination of climbing out of the cave and the sun meant that I was perspiring like crazy. “Why thank you,” retorted Blaine, smirking. “I’m pleased that my presence causes that kind of reaction.
Edward Weston|If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event, then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|It feels good to have parents, but it feels even better to not have an evil one.
Savi Sharma, Everyone Has A Story|Money comes with a price, and for me, the price is both freedom and a real life.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|You're my love, you're my lighthouse; and the sea is rough in the dark days.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|most people don't understand what process can do or can't do, chattr it's one of many way to show whoever you're root. Boss still boss and God still God.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|If somebody tell you.... Always you to tell the truth, tell him... in the end both = Same result.... as for others reasons; I think I said too much.
Homer, The Odyssey|[I]t is the wine that leads me on,the wild winethat sets the wisest man to singat the top of his lungs,laugh like a fool – it drives theman to dancing... it eventempts him to blurt out storiesbetter never told.
Terry Eagleton, Reason, Faith, and Revolution: Reflections on the God Debate|All communication involves faith; indeed, some linguisticians hold that the potential obstacles to acts of verbal understanding are so many and diverse that it is a minor miracle that they take place at all.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|It is the first day of November and so, today, someone will die.
Anonymous|When I told her we were going to roast her  she said  "Of course  . . . they only crucify the innocent."
Wendy Shalit, A Return to Modesty: Discovering the Lost Virtue|Modesty answers not the crude how of femininity, but the beautiful why.
Angela Y. Davis, Are Prisons Obsolete?|[Prison] relieves us of the responsibility of seriously engaging with the problems of our society, especially those produced by racism and, increasingly, global capitalism.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Three|Love sees sharply, hatred sees even more sharp, but jealousy sees the sharpest for it is love and hate at the same time.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Kavanagh|His imagination seemed still to exhaust itself in running, before it tried to leap the ditch. While he mused, the fire burned in other brains. Other hands wrote the books he dreamed about. He freely used his good ideas in conversation, and in letters; and they were straightway wrought into the texture of other men's books, and so lost to him for ever.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|In the midst of prosperity, the challenge for believers is to handle wealth in such a way that it acts as a blessing, not a curse.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Father and Future Felon|If Hori were to die, I should not forget! Hori is a song in my heart for ever... That means-that there is no more death...
Beth Praed, Domestic Violence: My Freedom from Abuse|In my family, you can rot to hell on the inside as long as you’re flawless on the outside, which is really sick, but also hard to unlearn.
Hermann Hesse, The Journey to the East|Don't forget either, you unhappy man, that voluntary confinement is a great deal harder to bear than compulsory.
Margie Warrell, Find Your Courage!|Just remember: other people’s opinions are simply that—other people’s opinions. They are not fact, and they are certainly not “the truth.” It is your responsibility to question the authority you give others, to question opinions they want you to adopt as your own, and to question how it is they are observing the world themselves that has them seeing things as they do. Sometimes you need to take back the authority you are giving to the opinions of others and place a bit more trust in yourself.
Vince Antonucci, Guerrilla Lovers: Changing the World with Revolutionary Compassion|All knowledge that takes special training to acquire is the province of the Magician energy. Whether you are an apprentice training to become a master electrician and unraveling the mysteries of high voltage; or a medical student, grinding away night and day, studying the secrets of the human body and using available technologies to help your patients; or a would-be stockbroker or a student of high finance; or a trainee in one of the psychoanalytic schools, you are in exactly the same position as the apprentice shaman or witch doctor in tribal societies. You are spending large amounts of time, energy, and money in order to be initiated into rarefied realms of secret power. You are undergoing an ordeal testing your capacities to become a master of this power. And, as is true in all initiations, there is no guarantee of success. [Magician energy]
Ann Rule, The Stranger Beside Me: Ted Bundy The Shocking Inside Story|I had long since managed a degree of detachment when dealing with photographs from homicide cases. They no longer upset me as they once did, although I make it a point not to dwell on them. By the time I stood in Shirley Lewis’s office, I had seen thousands of body pictures. I had seen pictures of Kathy Devine and Brenda Baker in Thurston County, but that was months before it was known there was a “Ted.” Of course, there were no bodies to photograph in the other Washington cases, and I had had no access to Colorado or Utah pictures. Now, I was staring down at huge color photographs of the damage done to girls young enough to be my daughters—at pictures of damage alleged to be the handiwork of a man I thought I knew. That man who only minutes before had smiled the same old grin at me, and shrugged as if to say, “I have no part of this.” It hit me with a terrible sickening wave. I ran to the ladies’ room and threw up.
Kostis Palamas|Music becomes flesh and thrives in a new world, a new man . . .He, the last-born, son of music and love, shall arise in triumph over an ample land, prophet of a soul yet more ample . . .
Shannon L. Alder|Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones. A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|But behavior in the human being is sometimes a defense, a way of concealing motives and thoughts, as language can be a way of hiding your thoughts and preventing communication.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You can control the visibility of my name and my popularity, but you cannot control the frequency at which people are quoting me. Truth always rises with time.
Rohinton Mistry, Family Matters|Black money is so much a part of our white economy, a tumour in the centre of the brain - try to remove it and you kill the patient.
Maria Faustina Kowalska|Some day, we will know the value of suffering, but then we will no longer be able to suffer.
Jennifer S. Alderson, Notes of a Naive Traveler: Nepal and Thailand|When writing a comprehensive self-investigatory scroll, the writer attempts to weave a network of strands capable of enmeshing all sizes of ideas including those with no obvious interconnection. The writer must also trace all lingering thoughts to their original source in personal experiences, and revaluate each exquisite nuance notched into a person’s conscious mind including acts of depravity, violence, and the almost imperceptible intrusions of grace.
Guy Finley|I probably wouldn't be a songwriter if I didn't grow up the way I did. It was difficult and it was at times very scary to grow up in a household so unsettled and at times very violent. But, it also, I guess it earned me a sort of wisdom at a young age that's served me well.
Caitlin Moran|My favorite records are, like, The Pretty Things' 'Parachute' and 'S.F. Sorrow' and The Mothers of Invention's 'We're Only in It for the Money' and The Kinks' 'Village Green Preservation Society' - these records that have a story - even if it's not a literal story - because of how they're sequenced and flow. It's like a novel with sound.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|So much in life depends on our attitude. The way we choose to see things and respond to others makes all the difference. To do the best we can and then to choose to be happy about our circumstances, whatever they may be, can bring peace and contentment.
Dan Skinner, The Price of Dick|You're fucking crazy," he finally said, as though just realizing that. Hell, he had been with her how long now? Surely forever. And he was just now seeing that? Poor guy, he was just slow.
Thomm Quackenbush, Juvenile Justice: A Reference Handbook, 2nd Edition: A Reference Handbook|Whenever my colleagues and I encounter a boy who acts "normal"—not explosively violent, not oppositional to every word, not obsessed with killing and dying, not focused on sexual objectification—we are overjoyed with his potential. Here is one who has a stronger foundation on which to build, one who will not knock down his every success like a child with a brick castle to see if the adults will keep helping him rebuild.
Seraphine Abrams|He might have run off then, and thus avoided a great many adventures to come, but the girl cried, “Wait!” and he turned to face her. “Please,” she implored from the window. “Don’t go. Come with us. I promise you won’t regret it.”For a moment, Peter stood in the road indecisively, staring into the girl’s eyes as if trying to penetrate a great mystery.
Vincent van Gogh|Though I am often in the depths of misery, there is still calmness, pure harmony and music inside me.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|[He] didn’t like to think of himself as vain, but there were definitely times when he wished there was someone on hand to take his photograph.
Mitt Romney|I love practical jokes and humor. That there's frankly no joke that I don't think is funny. I love practical jokes, but I don't like being scared.
Catherynne M. Valente, Speak Easy|And as we round the bend toward Ivy Cottage, he tugs my braid just the way he always has ever since I was six, and then he reaches down and takes my hand.Maybe sometimes dreams really do come true.
Jestoni Revealed|‎"We live in a world where those things that we never imagine could ever do something, did the best.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Love is beautiful." - Malcolm Fade
Cindi Madsen, Cinderella Screwed Me Over|If you continue to touch me,” he said, his eyes flashing, searing into her, “you’re going to end up in this tub with me.
Harry Dean Stanton|We believe that an Iraqi founding national assembly, freely elected, must decide the future of Iraq.
Adam Levin, The Instructions|When you feel like things are out of control, you take control.Yeah, that's what you do. Take control.So, yeah.Oh, yeah.
J. Leigh Bralick, Down a Lost Road|No doubt, humans will do a lot of damage before we ultimately destroy ourselves. But life will continue without humans. New forms of intelligence will emerge long after this human experiment is over.
Simon Kurt Unsworth, The Devil's Detective|Indeed the safest road to Hell is the gradual one—the gentle slope, soft underfoot, without sudden turnings, without milestones, without signposts,
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|Life has three rules: Paradox, Humor, and Change.- Paradox: Life is a mystery; don't waste your time trying to figure it out.- Humor: Keep a sense of humor, especially about yourself. It is a strength beyond all measure- Change: Know that nothing ever stays the same.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|My life changed the day I moved beyond just wishing for things and I started earning them. That is the day I learned that we don't get what we wish for, we get what we work for.
Christopher Hitchens, For the Sake of Argument: Essays and Minority Reports|We trace the hand of the Almighty in framing the constitution of our land, and believe that the Lord raised up men purposely for the accomplishment of this object, raised them up and inspired them to frame the Constitution of the United States
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|Ah! well a-day! what evil looks Had I from old and young! Instead of the cross, the Albatross About my neck was hung.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|I didn't say much; my head was still ringing with the music, and I didn't want it to fade. I kept thinking back to it, the way that Will's friend had been so lost in what he was playing. I hadn't realized that music could unlock things in you, could transport you to somewhere even the composer hadn't predicted. It left an imprint in the air around you, as if you carried its remnants with you when you went.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|I saw some religious people praying in the temples, churches and another just helping on the streets
Patrick J. Adams|On my mom's side I'm Mexican, and my dad is a white dude.
Jean-Christophe Rufin, The Santiago Pilgrimage: Walking the Immortal Way|The spirit of the way is surely there, in the wish to wander through the world in order to escape it and to find others where there is nobody.
Cliff James, Of Bodies Changed|One way or another, we spend our whole lives being conditioned into accepting some line or order, some position of domination or subjection. It’s hard to unlearn such hierarchy, to undo such control. It’s implicit.
David S. Rose|If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless.
Carol Matas, The Freak|As for sex. Well, of course I could’ve had sex. Guys will have sex with a watermelon if they’re desperate enough. Lots of girls try to prove their love by having sex. It only proves they’re having sex.
J.C. Joranco|For his lunch break, Alex decided to sit outside for a smoke. There was no break room to speak of, just a backdoor that led to a neglected parking lot and an old payphone. There was an upturned crate by the door used to hold the door open or to sit on if one so desired. But Alex couldn't sit down, even though he had been standing for the past four hours, his anxious mind kept his feet moving.He paced back and forth, smoking his cigarette with the speed of an anxious drug addict. The cool but faint breeze pushed the smoke away from him and dissipated it into nothing. He still felt angry about the run-in with Gonzalez. It had consistently poked at him like a curious sadist with a pointed stick ever since he walked away from the door slammed in his face.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|We got lots of secrets, Will. You Apollo guys can't have all the fun. Our campers have been excavating the tunnel system under Cabin Nine for almost a century. We still haven't found the end. Anyway, Leo, if you don't mind sleeping in a dead man's bed, it's yours-Jake Suddenly Leo didn't feel like kicking back. He sat up, careful not to touch any of the buttons. The counselor who died-this was his bed-Leo Yeah. Charles Beckendorf-Jake Leo imagined saw blades coming through the mattress, or maybe a grenade sewn inside the pillows. He didn't, like, die IN this bed, did he-LeoNo. In the Titan War, last summer-JakeThe Titan War, which has NOTHING to do with this very fine bed-Leo"The Titans," Will said, like Leo was an idiot. The big powerful guys that ruled the world before the gods. They tried to make a comeback last summer. Their leader, Kronos, built a new palace on top of Mount Tam in California. Their armies came to New York and almost destoyed Mount Olympus. A lot of demigods died trying to stop them-WillI'm guessing this wasn't on the news-LeoIt seemed like a fair question, but Will shook his head in disbelief. You didn't hear about Mount St. Helens erupting, or the freak storms across the country, or that building collapsing in St Louis-WillLeo shrugged. Last summer, he'd been on the run from another foster home. Then a truancy officer caught him in New Mexico, and the court sentenced him to the nearest correction facility-the Wilderness School. Guess I was busy-LeoDoesn't matter. You were lucky to miss it. The thing is, Beckendorf was one of the first casualties, and ever since then-JakeYour cabin's been cursed-Leo
Luis Carlos Montalván, Until Tuesday: A Wounded Warrior and the Golden Retriever Who Saved Him|If we want to grow, the way to break a pattern of negativity is to face anything negative with love.
Alexander Freed, Rogue One - A Star Wars Story|He hadn't known her, didn't know her, of course. There wasn't the time.
Temple Grandin|Research is starting to show that a child should be engaged at least 20 hours a week. I do not think it matters which program you choose as long as it keeps the child actively engaged with the therapist, teacher, or parent for at least 20 hours a week.
Mike Leigh|The 'Robben Island Bible' has arrived at the British Museum. It's a garish thing, its cover plastered with pink and gold Hindu images, designed to hide its contents. Within is the finest collection of words generated by human intelligence: the complete works of William Shakespeare.
Bill Bryson, Shakespeare: The World as Stage|Alack, there lies more peril in thine eyeThan twenty of their swords: look thou but sweet,And I am proof against their enmity.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
Luke  Taylor|A simple word or phrase on a blank sheet of paper gathers momentum as I wonder at what it could mean, where it could take place, why, and what if? . . . And then, I write.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Sacredness grew like a pearl, sometimes around the most unlikely bits of grit.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach|It is thus religion infatuates man from his infancy, fills him with vanity and fanaticism: if he has a heated imagination it drives him on to fury; if he has activity, it makes him a madman, who is frequently as cruel to himself, as he is dangerous and incommodious to others: if, on the contrary, he be phlegmatic or of a slothful habit, he becomes melancholy and is useless to society.
Patti Smith|With actors, all our ages are out there for all to see - you can't hide anything, really. And it's kind of a relief. This is my age, this is what I look like without makeup on - who cares? That youth culture - that lying about your age - it's all denial of death anyway.
Alicia Silverstone|If I'm with a man, is that going to prevent me from achieving my goal? What sacrifices will I have to make in terms of being myself, if I'm with a man? Something that young women find out really quickly is that when you start dating, all of a sudden you're supposed to have a role. You're not allowed to just be yourself.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|If you're stuck in the past, you go forward in reverse
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I remember Cannae," she said, raising her head, "when we thought all was lost. Carthage had defeated us, and there were those who gave up hope. Yet we survived, by our fortitude, and by believing that we should endure. There are times, Marcus, when courage is all you have."I looked down at the stone floor, chastened into silence by her cold, stern words. This was her way, as it had always been. It was the Roman way. Grief was an indulgence; and though she surely suffered, her suffering was for her alone. It seemed hard, but she had come from a hard family, brave men and brave women who through the generations had survived by facing down hardship and loss. Of all her long line of ancestors, she was not going to be the one to break.And nor, I decided, was I.
Jillian Dodd, Kiss Me|Even if I did feel bad for Darian, I wouldn’t admit it. Siding with anyone who violates The Protectorate would make me Noncompliant. That would make me almost as corrupt as him. To side with those who violate The Protectorate is strictly forbidden and punishable by a week in the Terrorscape.
John Bradshaw|I truly believe the intention of creating positive change is so important to the collective consciousness. When you have a group of people that have the intention and the capacity, talent, and intelligence to actualize those intentions, then you have something really powerful.
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|To find a happy ending with someone else, first you have to find it alone.
Michael Haneke|I want to say to the literature teacher who remains wilfully, even boastfully ignorant of a major element of contemporary fiction: you are incompetent to teach or judge your subject. Readers and students who do know the field, meanwhile, have every right to challenge your ignorant prejudice. Rise, undergraduates of the English departments! You have nothing to lose but your A on the midterm!
Liz Czukas, Top Ten Clues You're Clueless|I keep hearing that being a geek is cool now, but I'm not sure the rest of the world has gotten the memo
Kelsey Hoppe, Chasing Misery: an anthology of essays by women in humanitarian responses|Once you are miserable you are miserable there's no getting out of misery even if you'll be succeeded to get out of it,once again it will hunt you down and conquer it will conquer your heart once again best way to deal with it is to enjoy it.
Neal Shusterman, Scythe|If you’ve ever studied mortal age cartoons, you’ll remember this one. A coyote was always plotting the demise of a smirking long-necked bird. The coyote never succeeded; instead, his plans always backfired. He would blow up, or get shot, or splat from a ridiculous height.And it was funny.Because no matter how deadly his failure, he was always back in the next scene, as if there were a revival center just beyond the edge of the animation cell.I’ve seen human foibles that have resulted in temporary maiming or momentary loss of life. People stumble into manholes, are hit by falling objects, trip into the paths of speeding vehicles.And when it happens, people laugh, because no matter how gruesome the event, that person, just like the coyote, will be back in a day or two, as good as new, and no worse—or wiser—for the wear.Immortality has turned us all into cartoons.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Leaders are good messengers; they take the message from God and share it with others in the world. Jesus is a true example; He said “Here I am, send me Lord”!
John Irving, The World According to Garp|When someone falls,” Mark said, “you don’t throw her back down in the dirt. You offer her a hand up. It’s the Christian thing to do.
Jazz Feylynn, Colorado State of Mind|Her wild race caused the dried-up ferns, thorny plants, and low-hung tree branches—away from the lake—to grab at our clothing in the mad dash over the narrow packed dirt through the trees.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Every Last Breath|Because you're beautiful, Layla, and while I may say that one word to you a lot, I don't simply toss it around. And I've seen many, many beautiful things. People as beautiful as demons are atrocious. You, by far, shine brighter than any of them. It's more than what's on the outside. It comes from within you. I've seen a lot of things and nothing, nothing, comes close to you.
David D. Burns|I do believe that most men live lives of quiet desperation. For despair, optimism is the only practical solution. Hope is practical. Because eliminate that and it's pretty scary. Hope at least gives you the option of living.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow - this is a human offering that can border on miraculous.
Alexandra Stoddard|What would there be in a story of happiness? Only what prepares it, only what destroys it can be told.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Faith and love are apt to be spasmodic in the best minds. Men live the brink of mysteries and harmonies into which they never enter, and with their hands on the door-latch they die outside.
Mitt Romney|If you're not a risk taker, you should get the hell out of business.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Men ought either to be well treated or crushed, because they can avenge themselves of lighter injuries, of more serious ones they cannot; therefore the injury that is to be done to a man ought to be of such a kind that one does not stand in fear of revenge.
Jonathan Stalling|In such troubled times, we must remember the value writers have—the value of inventing new language to keep pace with the rapidly transforming world around us.
Kathryn Stockett|But I do not know what to tell myself. Stuart needs "space" and "time," as if this were physics and not a human relationship.
Hannah More, Coelebs in Search of a Wife|I don’t know . . . we seemed to click right away, you know? And he’s so kind but determined to protect you and me both, and well, he’s nice to look at. Even with the “scar. It’s kind of sexy.”I chuckled. “Do you know how that scar got there?”She giggled. “Yeah. He told me Tristan gave it to him. But it sounded like he deserved it. Jax can be . . . well, he’s Jax. But I think I love him.”“I’m sure the accent has nothing to do with it.” She seemed to have a thing for those.“Oh, my God. You should hear him talk dirty with that accent of his!”I clapped my hand over my “mouth to cover a laugh. “I don’t want to know that!”“Yes, you do. Doesn’t Tristan ever talk dirty to you in all those different languages he knows?”Hmm . . . funny how I’d never thought about it. He was holding out on me! That would have to change. Next time, I swore I’d make him do it. Whenever next time might be...
Karen Marie Moning, Feversong|Failure is always new information, and those who are willing to suffer it repeatedly make it a stepping-stone to success.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|Listen to a excellent story give us a good feeling, seeing results will giving us the satisfaction and trust in life
Gustave Flaubert|It seems to me, alas, that if you can so thoroughly dissect your children who are still to be born, you don’t get horny enough to actually to father them.
Jalaluddin Rumi|If you are seeking, seek us with joyFor we live in the kingdom of joy.Do not give your heart to anything elseBut to the love of those who are clear joy,Do not stray into the neighborhood of despair.For there are hopes: they are real, they exist –Do not go in the direction of darkness –I tell you: suns exist.
Joel Osteen|As we lay hold upon the truth of God, its influence must affect us. It must elevate us. It must remove from us every imperfection.
Rachel Boston|I can't stress how much my daughter is an inspiration to stay sober. When I come home and she opens those big blue eyes at me, it's the most amazing feeling I could ever feel.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|The poorest person on earth is not the person who has no job, no cars, no money and no house. The poorest person is the one who has no vision. Visionlessness is poverty in disguise.
Chelsea Peretti|Romantic Orientalism was fascinated by the color and excitement of a powerful culture, and nearly always approached its subject with love.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|But you're dead,' said Harry.'Oh, yes,' said Dumbledore matter-of-factly.'Then... am I dead too?''Ah,' said Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. 'That is the question, isn't it? On the whole, dear boy, I think not.
Syed Shan Asif|Consistency in your interest is the actual reason behind every success, and inconsistency is the major cause of failure
Stephan K. Garcia|...Usually i’d sit back and just enjoy the view for what it was because it’s not often you come across something so ridiculously out of place, a girl like you, on the subway, it’s like spotting a unicorn at the zoo.I reasoned how to pull this off, to get you, to say hi, to ask your name, what your voice sounded like, if you had a cute smile because i like cute smiles. In ten minutes I had a thousand thoughts of you and you had no clue...
Elon Musk|I like the word 'autopilot' more than I like the word 'self-driving.' 'Self-driving' sounds like it's going to do something you don't want it to do. 'Autopilot' is a good thing to have in planes, and we should have it in cars.
Nanette L. Avery|A museum is a place where nothing was lost, just rediscovered…
Sharon Salzberg|The overwhelming message of the Atonement is the perfect love the Savior has for each and all of us. It is a love which is full of mercy, patience, grace, equity, long-suffering, and, above all, forgiving.
Anya|I wasn't ready for goodbye, not now, not yet. Stay with me tonight, please don't go just yet.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|We are very quiet there, but it is the quiet of a storm centre. .
Sholom Aleichem|Let me recommend the best medicine in the world: a long journey, at a mild season, through a pleasant country, in easy stages.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|The string slices into the skin of his fingers and no matter how tough the calluses, it tears. But this beat is fast and even though his joints are aching, his arm's out of control like it has a mind of its own and the sweat tat drenches his hair and face seems to smother him, but nothing's going to stop Tom. He;s aiming for oblivion.
|If you think that your life is nothing but pain and suffering, then it is very obvious that you have been directing your daily thoughts in the direction of the darkest side of life. However, the truth still remains; which is that we all have a bright side to be thankful for in our various lives. It is a matter of changing your interpretations of your experiences.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|To work for the sheer joy of it, to wake up and be really excited on a Monday, to love what you do so much that the idea of a long vacation looks boring - that's living.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|When your family dismisses you, like Lotto's did, you create your own family
Amanda Clark, Emma's Alpha|Mike took a deep breath and locked all his muscles in place, so he didn’t follow her. His fingers tingled where he had touched her skin, it was so soft, he’d never felt anything as soft.
Stephen King|Never use the passive voice. Do not say, 'It will get done.' Say, 'I'll do it,' and then stick to a solid, unwavering deadline
Josefina López, Hungry Woman in Paris|Armando was the only man who'd been patient enough to chase after me. After he had caught me, he'd done what every man loves to do when he has found the woman of his dreams: take her for granted.
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|I will love you always, because you will always be worthy of love.
E. Nesbit|She had been to her Great-Aunt Willoughby’s before, and she knew exactly what to expect. She would be asked about her lessons, and how many marks she had, and whether she had been a good girl. I can’t think why grownup people don’t see how impertinent these questions are. Suppose you were to answer:“I’m the top of my class, auntie, thank you, and I am very good. And now let us have a little talk about you, aunt, dear. How much money have you got, and have you been scolding the servants again, or have you tried to be good and patient, as a properly brought up aunt should be, eh, dear?”Try this method with one of your aunts next time she begins asking you questions, and write and tell me what she says.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|He didn't think he belonged here, so she was making him face some uncomfortable facts. People adapt. People change. You can grow where you're planted.
George Orwell, 1984|Outside, even through the shut window-pane, the world looked cold.
Mark Vonnegut, The Eden Express: A Memoir of Insanity|The way I played music there was the way I wanted to farm, chop wood, cook, make love, raise children. Everything. A lo of it had to do with things I felt while I played. If only I could feel that sense of total absorption in what I was doing when I was doing other things. It was more than absorption, it was spontaneity, competence, a sense of grace and playfulness, of being in touch with an inexhaustible source of energy and beauty.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|Eena turned aside, breathing shallowly as her mind raced with questions. She was glad he couldn’t read the confusion that swooped her up like a passing tornado. Was it even possible to genuinely love more than one man? Yes. Oh, yes.She knew it because her heart irrefutably felt it. She loved Derian; it was true. She wasn’t trying to convince herself of it, no matter what Edgar said. She yearned deeply for her captain. But she loved Ian too. She always had. Only she purposefully, appropriately, had set those feelings aside when he made the decision to pursue Angelle. But Angelle was gone now. No, Eena thought to herself, this changes nothing. She scolded her heart for longing for something spent and ended, for even considering the possibility. Her with Ian? No, no, it had to remain in the past.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|He was holding his right leg, but the blood soaked through his fingers and flowed over his hand onto his sleeve. Intuition had served me again this time: my kick had knocked his automatic out of his grasp a fraction of a second before he could press the trigger. The second kick was to his face. It sent him flying about six feet. I set my sights on his head, but something stopped me, one of our guys let out a yelp behind me. Another bullet whistled by right next to me. Apparently, this Mujahadeen was not the only one here. Again, I aimed at his head, but something again stopped me. I saw how his hands were trembling. I noticed the horror in his eyes. 'He is only a boy!' I thought and pressed the trigger.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Any human action that goes against what is ordinary, is deemed as an anomaly.
Alice LeGrow|[about a hat] You can put it on and say, "Hey you, person without a hat! I've got something you don't! How did I get it? Probably by being worth more to society.
Robert A. Heinlein, Starship Troopers|The poker fell from my trembling hands as my entire body shook with reaction. I fell to my knees, pressed my hands to my face and began to sob. What had I done?
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Come closer, Kurokuma. It's quite safe.'Horace shuffled closer to the edge...'Quite safe, my foot,' he muttered to himself. 'And what's this Kurokuma you keep calling me?''It's a term of great respect,' Shigeru told him.'Great respect,' Shukin echoed.
Russell Simmons, Success Through Stillness: Meditation Made Simple|After my first experience via yoga, I became incredibly focused on experiencing that sense of stillness again. The stillness that reminded me that I could be a better person, a better friend, a better citizen of the world, as well as a better businessman.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I have a date,' he explained. 'This is an emergency.' He paused to catch his breath. 'Do you know' - breath - 'how to iron?' I walked over to the pink shirt. It was wrinkled like an old woman who'd spent her youth sunbathing. If only the Colonel didn't ball up his every belonging and stuff it into random dresser drawers. 'I think you just turn it on and press it against the shirt, right?' I said. 'I don't know. I didn't even know we had an iron.' 'We don't. It's Takumi's. But Takumi doesn't know how to iron, either. And when I asked Alaska, she started yelling, "You're not going to impose the patriarchal paradigm on me." Oh God, I need to smoke. I need to smoke, but I can't reek when I see Sara's parents. Okay, screw it. We're going to smoke in the bathroom with the shower on. The shower has steam. Steam gets rid of wrinkles, right?
Timi Nadela, Get To The Top|Life, at its best, is happening right in front of you. You might miss it if you're too busy bee. Live your life with a little bit of spice!
Aiden Hall|Motivational quotes and speeches are not about becoming an astronaut, brain surgeon, 1st place athlete or making a certain amount of money. It's about excitement, excitement from realising the absurdity of existence and appreciating that you're part of it. And then inspiring others to follow, until we've all found that appreciation and the inner peace that comes with it.
David Hockney|On a really good day, if I'm really trying, in the morning I'll have a piece of toast, vitamins and nuts, or a bagel with a little cream cheese. Then at lunch time, I'll get me one of those Chinese chicken salads, a glass of juice, and a big glass of water.
Ryan Seacrest|I prefer ordinary girls - you know, college students, waitresses, that sort of thing. Most of the girls I go out with are just good friends. Just because I go out to the cinema with a girl, it doesn't mean we are dating.
Phil Lord|Until the age of five, my parents spoke to me in Chinese or a combination of Chinese and English, but they didn't force me to speak Mandarin. In retrospect, this was sad, because they believed that my chance of doing well in America hinged on my fluency in English. Later, as an adult, I wanted to learn Chinese.
Jane Austen, Emma|Whatever’s eating at you, let it go. Emotion leads to poor decisions. Poor decisions lead to scrutiny. Scrutiny is our greatest threat.
Erik Pevernagie|As light splinters into darkness, new thoughts may take over in the mind and allow upbeat views to gain power. Thus and so, thoughtfulness readily opens a blistering sky in the faltering shadow of unawareness. ("Absence of Desire")
Emily Post|I longed only to turn back and climb and begin life all over again in a place where I might find the peace I'd once known in mountains of another time and another place, and I wondered-if I could slip out of camp unobserved-whether I just might be able to stay hidden and uncaptured until this war came to an end.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Our own front door can be a wonderful thing, or a sight we dread; rarely is it only a door.
Amit Kalantri|Be bold, don't be boring.
Gore Vidal|The days of our lives, for all of us, are numbered...We know that. And yes, there are certainly times when we aren't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like. It's called being human. But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful.
John Sandford, Storm Prey|The carriage could only clop along at about ten miles per hour, which only accentuated Imogene’s excitement. She urged it onward: "Fly, horse, fly!
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|A field which feeds you, a river which gives you water are much holier than all other so-called holy places!
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Who is more to be pitied, a writer bound and gagged by policemen or one living in perfect freedom who has nothing more to say?
Mea McMahon, Observation on Christianity|Safety" and "fairness" are the preoccupation of the wounded. "Being" and "joy" are the unconscious realities of the free and living.
Rachel Carson|The winds, the sea, and the moving tides are what they are. If there is wonder and beauty and majesty in them, science will discover these qualities... If there is poetry in my book about the sea, it is not because I deliberately put it there, but because no one could write truthfully about the sea and leave out the poetry.
Nikki Reed|I should be learning another language and working out more, but I'm just always saying, 'Ah, I could get hit by a bus tomorrow.'
George Orwell, Animal Farm|Sometimes, inflexibility creates a callus, scarring over all the bitterness and disappointment improperly, and there is no honest way to break that silence or that infinite distance, not even in death, not even in memory.
Gerald O. McCulloh, Man's Faith and Freedom: The Theological Influence of Jacobus Arminius|Arminius, appealing to Lactantius, held that: 'To recommend faith to others, we must make it the subject of persuasion, and not of compulsion'. He insisted that the true religion from Christ does not deteriorate into dissention. In the exercise of Christian liberty there will be sincere and honest differences. These differences cannot and should not be stamped out by means of coercion. In confronting the Scripture, Christians should be able to agree on what is necessary for salvation. But when mutual consent and agreement cannot be obtained on some articles, 'then the right hand of fellowship should be extended by both parties'. Each party should 'acknowledge the other for partakers of the same faith and fellow-heirs of the same salvation, although they may hold different sentiments concerning the nature of faith and the manner of salvation'.
Ted Kooser, Delights and Shadows|Mother (fragment)...You asked me if I would be sad when it happenedand I am sad. But the iris I moved from your housenow hold in the dusty dry fists of their rootsgreen knives and forks as if waiting for dinner,as if spring were a feast. I thank you for that.Were it not for the way you taught me to lookat the world, to see the life at play in everything, I would have to be lonely forever.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|But again, this is not a list of rules; we are not reading an impossible standard—no. This describes our Jesus. This! This is our Abba. This is our Holy Spirit. He never gives up, and he takes pleasure in the flowering of truth. And when we are following in the ways of Jesus, when we are abiding in the Vine, these become our characteristics, and we become signposts, tastes, movements of the Kingdom to the North, a glimpse of true Love.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Nothing is as unique as sex in nature; it is full of enjoyment, pleasure and happiness. There is no discrimination, no exclusion, no inequality and no racism.
Marcel Theroux, Strange Bodies|But what defines insanity , really !? Is it your mind or the mind of the person making the judgment !? Because all of us , no matter who you are , can go insane sometimes ! There are times when we either know too little or too much. The unknown can be scary place , but the known can be even more frightening
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|o not preoccupy yourself with wants or expectations. The world won't abide by the standards, you set in any case, whether you set them too low or too high. It will break them every time for the simple fact that our true essence has no desire, hope or expectation for anything. It has no selfish inclinations of any kind. Everything, it experiences, is a passing phase, not its real identity.
Gerald Brenan|So many people prefer to live in drama because it's comfortable. It's like someone staying in a bad marriage or relationship - it's actually easier to stay because they know what to expect every day, versus leaving and not knowing what to expect.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|My worth is not based on the ‘work of my hands’ despite how feverishly I might work and how audaciously successful I might be. Rather, my worth is based exclusively on the astonishing fact that I am the ‘work of God’s hands.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Dark alleys, like social networks, are romantic, because you never know what might happen while I perform there every Caturday night. Cats do know, but won't tell. So don’t even ask.
Emm Cole, Keeping Merminia|What matters most, is not how my end happens, or if it happens now. What I care about in this instant, is that she knows how much I love her—that I lived long enough to have her love me back.
Jean Monahan|& besides, I don’tdesign my smiles to be nets because I’m not fishing
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|DON'T BE SO PREPARED FOR THE BATTLE,TO THE POINT YOU FIND YOURSELF UNPREPARED FOR THE VICTORY!WHEN YOU TRULY BELIEVE IN YOURSELF, YOU PREPARE FOR IT ALL!
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Love is not the middle ear from which the voice resounds, but rather the voice itself; in our bodies a body of emanations.
Teresa Lo, The Other Side: a Collection of Short Stories|Hugh refused to leave the scene of the action. He seated himself on the top stair in the hall, banged his head against the railing a few times, just by way of uncorking the vials of his wrath, and then subsided into gloomy silence, waiting to declare war if more “first girl babies” were thrust upon a family already surfeited with that unnecessary article.
Jesse McCartney|I think that kids aren't even exploring the option of sports anymore, and they don't even know what they could do.
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|Pam. Listen.''The phone is pressed to my ear. Speak.''Appius Livius Ocella just dropped in.''Fuck a zombie!'- Sookie & Pam, Dead in the Family, Charlaine Harris
Everett Dirksen|Money, not morality, is the principle commerce of civilized nations.
Erik Christian Haugaard, The Samurai's Tale|Those soldiers belonging to the victorious side whose blood has oozed into the ground and whose hearts have ceased beating, have they partaken in the triumph as well as those who are unscarred and busy draining cups of sake to each other's glorious deeds? I rather think they belong instead to the defeated."..."You mean that those who are killed all belong to the defeated, regardless of which side they were on?
Adam Thirlwell, Politics|When a clandestine couple kisses, it is much more likely that sex will immediately follow. This is because there is much more risk. Once you have kissed secretly, it is very difficult not to have sex. It would be impolite not to have sex. You have to show that you are serious about each other.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|I love you too, I wanted to say with as much hurtful sarcasm as I could muster, but she hadn't seen me, and I kept quiet. I did love her, of course, but mostly just because loving your mother is mandatory, not because she's someone I think I'd like very much if I met her walking down the street. Which she wouldn't be anyway; walking is for poor people
Whoopi Goldberg, Book|Art is long, life is short. Unless your funding is f%$ked, in which case all our days are numbered.
George MacDonald, The Marquis' Secret|It is just the old way--that of obedience. If you have ever seen the Lord, if only from afar--if you have any vaguest suspicion that the Jew Jesus, who professed to have come from God, was a better man, a different man--one of your first duties must be to open your ears to His words and see whether they seem to you to be true. Then, if they do, to obey them with your whole strength and might. This is the way of life, which will lead a man out of its miseries into life indeed.
Arthur Erickson|A child raised on a desert island, alone, without social interaction, without language, and thus lacking empathy, is still a sentient being.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Respect and humility go together. Humility is not meekness, but the opposite of arrogance. A wise old Indian man once said, "Empty drums make the loudest noise." Grandfather often repeated this phrase to indicate that those with the least understanding are the most arrogant.
Chet Atkins|A long apprenticeship is the most logical way to success. The only alternative is overnight stardom, but I can't give you a formula for that. 
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|When we get these thruways across the whole country, as we will and must, it will be possible to drive from New York to California without seeing a single thing.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|one day Satan himself visits, along with his great-grandmother—who is, not surprisingly, a total fucking bitch.
Sarah Silverman, The Bedwetter: Stories of Courage, Redemption, and Pee|My stepfather, John O'Hara, was the goodest man there was. He was not a man of many words, but of carefully chosen ones. He was the one parent who didn't try to fix me. One night I sat on his lap in his chair by the woodstove, sobbing. He just held me quietly and then asked only, "What does it feel like?" It was the first time I was prompted to articulate it. I thought about it, then said, "I feel homesick." That still feels like the most accurate description - I felt homesick, but I was home.
Matt Abrams, She's Toxic|Disappointment was never a thing you looked for, but it had a wonderful way of clearing the mind.
Kim Cormack, Sweet Sleep|I've spent a large portion of the last 40 years hunting Dragons because of you. Be flattered, disturbed... Whatever floats your boat.Tiberius of Triad C.O.A series
Lionel Suggs|Physical reality is one of the biggest horror movies of all, and you know how we love horror movies.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|It is easy to understand that in the dreary middle ages the Aristotelian logic would be very acceptable to the controversial spirit of the schoolmen, which, in the absence of all real knowledge, spent its energy upon mere formulas and words, and that it would be eagerly adopted even in its mutilated Arabian form, and presently established as the centre of all knowledge.
William Strunk Jr.|Remember, it is no sign of weakness or defeat that your manuscript ends up in need of major surgery. This is a common occurrence in all writing, and among the best writers.
Isaac Marion, Boarded Window|I’m alone, stumbling through the city in the dark, trying not to let the night freeze my blood.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|One has to commit a painting,' said Degas,'the way one commits a crime.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|God Hates divorce.""He hates cruelty even more."Caring For Eleanor
Nancy Kress, Characters, Emotion & Viewpoint: Techniques and Exercises for Crafting Dynamic Characters and Effective Viewpoints|I’ve had situations when I’ve actually encouraged authors to self-publish because their book was poor. Now one would conclude that I’m asking them to self-publish because their book was poor and the self-publishing warehouse is where all the poor books belong. But no, it’s because “poor” is only my opinion, and I’m just one in millions of readers.
Livy, The Early History of Rome:|By exiling human judgment in the last few decades, modern law changed role from useful tool to brainless tyrant. This legal regime will never be up to the job, any more than the Soviet system of central planning was, because ti can't think. The comedy of law's sterile logic--large POISON signs warning against common sand, spending twenty-two years on pesticide review and deciding next to nothing, allowing fifty-year-old white men to sue for discrimination--is all too reminiscent of the old jokes we used to hear about life in the Eastern bloc. Judgement is to law as water is to crops. It should not be surprising that law has become brittle, and society along with it.
Debasish Mridha|Like the fragrance of a flower, our actions reveal the beauty of your life.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|...I am, in short, a rationalist and believe only that which reason tells me is so. Mind you, this isn’t easy. We are so surrounded by tales of the supernatural, by the thunders of the powers to be who attempt with all their might to convince us of the existence of the supernatural, that the strongest among us may feel himself swaying.Something like that happened to me recently. In January 1990, I was lying in a hospital bed one afternoon and my dear wife, Janet, was not with me, but had gone home for a few hours to take care of some necessary chores. I was sleeping, and a finger jabbed at me. I woke, of course, and looked blearily to see who had awakened me and for what purpose.My room, however, had a lock, and the lock was firmly closed and there was a chain across the door too. Sunlight filled the room and it was clearly empty. So were the closet and the bathroom. Rationalist though I am, there was no way in which I could refrain from thinking that some supernatural influence had interfered to tell me that something had happened to Janet (naturally, my ultimate fear). I hesitated for a moment, trying to fight it off, and for anyone but Janet I would have. So I phoned her at home. She answered immediately and said she was perfectly well.Relieved, I hung up the phone and settled down to consider the problem of who or what had poked me. Was it simply a dream, a sensory hallucination? Perhaps, but it had seemed absolutely real. I considered.When I sleep alone, I often wrap myself up in my own arms. I also know that when I am sleeping lightly, my muscles twitch. I assumed my sleeping position and imagined my muscles twitching. It was clear that my own finger had poked into my shoulder and that was it.Now suppose that at the precise moment I had poked myself, Janet, through some utterly meaningless coincidence, had tripped and skinned her knee. And suppose I had called and she had groaned and said, "I just hurt myself".Would I have been able to resist the thought of supernatural interference? I hope so. However, I can't be sure. It's the world we live in. It would corrupt the strongest, and I don't imagine I'm in the strongest.
Thomas Jefferson|I have indeed two great measures at heart, without which no republic can maintain itself in strength: 1. That of general education, to enable every man to judge for himself what will secure or endanger his freedom. 2. To divide every county into hundreds, of such size that all the children of each will be within reach of a central school in it
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|We all have the capacity to do hurtful things, but we differ from one another in terms of scale-how much we can hurt others, how far we will go to make a statement about our beliefs, how remorseful we might feel in the aftermath of committing a terrible act.
Jennifer L. Lane, Faith Adventures: Stories of Learning with an Unseen God|Don't treat your husband the way he deserves, but as Christ expects.
Lajos Kossuth|The poet's spoken discourse often depends on a mystique, on the spiritual freedom that finds itself enslaved on earth.
Dalai Lama XIV|Great compassion is the root of altruistic action, the object of amazement to the world;there is no greater source of help and happiness.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|What happens when people open their hearts?""They get better.
Dean Koontz, Dean Koontz: Key to Midnight / Shattered / House of Thunder|My only regret is that no one told me at the beginning of my journey what I'm telling you now: there will be an end to your pain. And once you've released all those pent-up emotions, you will experience a lightness and buoyancy you haven't felt since you were a very young child. The past will no longer feel like a lode of radioactive ore contaminating the present, and you will be able to respond appropriately to present-day events. You will feel angry when someone infringes on your territory, but you won't overreact. You will feel sad when something bad happens to you, but you won't sink into despair. You will feel joy when you have a good day, and your happiness won't be clouded with guilt. You, too, will have succeeded in making history, history.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|People sometimes cling to the strangest beliefs. On the one hand, they believe in an all loving God, but on the other hand they believe He will give you cancer to test or mature you.
R.C. Robertson-Glasgow|Might-have-been are insidious, aren't they, in the way they don't ever quite lie still or go away.
David S. Bell|In God's strength I could battle the giants. Alone, I was just a grasshopper.S
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If you dread ending up in the bunker, practice these tricky out-of-the-sand shots until you master them. Think of it as insurance—we all have learned that, once you know you can make that shot easily, you will seldom need to!
Virginia Nelson, Clothing Optional|Maybe I shouldn't trust him after all, just like he doesn't seem to trust me fully. Shit, is it always so hard to get close to someone?
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|While people argue with one another about the specifics of Freud's work and blame him for the prejudices of his time, they overlook the fundamental truth of his writing, his grand humility: that we frequently do not know our own motivations in life and are prisoners to what we cannot understand. We can recognize only a small fragment of our own, and an even smaller fragment of anyone else's, impetus.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, The Way the Crow Flies|Afterwards, in bed with a book, the spell of television feels remote compared to the journey into the page. To be in a book. To slip into the crease where two pages meet, to live in the place where your eyes alight upon the words to ignite a world of smoke and peril, colour and serene delight. That is a journey no one can end with the change of a channel. Enduring magic.
Nina Garcia|I mean, I think about it, but I don't design my record to get a certain public response.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[God] holds in His omnipotent hand the priceless, precious, eternal gift of salvation, and He bids you to take it without money and without price.
Eliot Spitzer|In the end, the real wisdom of menopause may be in questioning how fun or even sane this chore wheel called modern life actually is.
Ron Rash, Serena|When the average American says, “I’m starving,” it is a prelude to a midnight raid on a well-stocked refrigerator or a sudden trip to the nearest fast food restaurant.
Karen Marie Moning, The Immortal Highlander|Raphael lifted a finger, tracing it over her cheekbone. She flinched. Not because he was hurting her. The opposite. The places he touched ... it was as if he had a direct line to the hottest, most feminine part of her. A single stroke and she was embarrassingly damp. But she refused to pull away, refused to give in." (page 33 , Gollancz edition)
Stasia Ward Kehoe, Audition|Ian's eyes settled on him, his expression grim. He bypassed everything, coming to a stop in front of the nervous young male. “I want all of your medicines to relieve fever, including liquids and capsules. Plus, I want a thermometer, the best one you have, and make sure it's not rectal.” He narrowed his eyes at the wide-eyed clerk in front of him. “I don't do rectal, and I won't use anything that involves an ass.
Rebecca Scherm, Unbecoming|God doesn't always bring you the entire truth. He sometimes gives it to you in pieces, in order to learn. Regardless, it is the piece that you got today that will renew your faith for tomorrow.
Ruth St. Denis|Growing up in the '60s and early '70s, with the space flight and the Apollo program, I always loved planes. I always loved rockets and I always loved space travel.
de Lint Charles Vess Charles|You need to remember, he told her, that you don't have another life in the bank. You got to make the most of the one you're living right now. - Old Man Crow
E.M. Forster, Howard's End|Margaret had often wondered at the disturbance that takes place in the world's waters when Love, who seems so tiny a pebble, slips in. Whom does Love concern beyond the beloved and the lover? Yet his impact deluges a hundred shores,
Joseph Heller, Joseph Heller's Catch-22|...You know, one good apple can spoil the rest,” Colonel Korn concluded with conscious irony.
Henry Edward Armstrong|Teaching is a Creative profession, it is our duty as School Leaders and Education Influencers to offer the right climate to foster innovation and support Innovative Teaching practices within our schools, and that's what will make our students succeed in the 21st century
William Eardley IV|Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.
Yogi Bhajan|Alone within the vast tribunal that is the stormy sky, the pilot is in contention for his mailbags with three elemental divinities: mountain, sea and storm.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Step forward out of your own lingering residual sense of smallness, take up every inch of life that is your blessed inheritance, and DO YOUR THING.
Friedrich Nietzsche|However novel it may appear, I shall venture the assertion, that, until women assume the place in society which good sense and good feeling alike assign to them, human improvement must advance but feebly.
Caroline Paul|Some people keep God in a Sunday morning box and say, 'Hey, I did my religious duty.' That's fine, but the scripture says to pray without ceasing. And I think that means all through the day you're talking to God. Even if it's in your thoughts.
George Orwell, 1984|She's beautiful,' he murmured.'She's a metre across the hips, easily,' said Julia.'That is her style of beauty,' said Winston.
Dana Christy, A Heart's Salvation|Everything is falling into place perfectly. We have four dirty DEA agents working with a terrorist group and killing Americans on American soil. The headlines are going to write themselves and we're going to get our candidate into the White House. When that happens, we'll get the war we want. The war we can win.
Guy Gavriel Kay, Tigana|Tigana, let my memory ofyou be like a blade in mysoul.
Siobhan Davis, Destiny Rising|No matter how many times I've thought that the worst is behind us, something else always happens to remind me that the worst is yet to come.
Carol K. Carr, India Black and the Shadows of Anarchy|Yes, women have always had secrets and always will. I'm afraid men would be very distressed to learn what their darlings were thinking. Frankly, I don't think men are strong enough to bear the shock.
Brigitte Gabriel, Because They Hate: A Survivor of Islamic Terror Warns America|America has always prided itself on its multiculturalism and its multireligious communities, just as Lebanon prided itself on its multicultural, open-minded, and multireligious society. Today America’s lack of sufficient immigration and border control, like Lebanon’s, is allowing terrorists and other hostile individuals to come into our country at will. People who want to hurt us are mixed in with other Muslims who have no intention of becoming a part of our nation but are actually working to make America a part of their radical Islamic agenda. Muslims have become a sensitive issue in our American society, with demands and expectations, and a group to watch out for and be careful with. There are barely 6 million Muslims in America today out of a total U.S. population of 300 million, yet their presence has been seen and felt throughout every state in America. Stories of Islamic terrorist cells, Islamic charities linked to funding terrorism, Islamic mosques, and Muslims demanding more rights and acknowledgment are beginning to dominate the news. Islamic communities are harboring terrorist cells within. Their mosques are teaching hate against infidels both Christian and Jewish.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Might I not be able to love God in the ways that Katie was loving me? A desire to be close, to be in touch, to receive strokes and caresses from the Eternal, to feel warm and safe and comfortable with God? Was this not exactly what I longed for -- the experience of stretching out, so to speak, on the breast of God, purring in contentment, safely supported by the everlasting arms?
Dee Dee Myers|There's no right or wrong, success or failure.
Andrei Tarkovsky|Man is born unto the trouble as the sparks fly upwards.' In other words suffering is germane to our existence; indeed, how without it, should we be able to 'fly upwards
J. R. R. Tolkien|If love means that one person absorbs the other, then no real relationship exists any more. Love evaporates; there is nothing left to love. The integrity of self is gone.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|I felt utterly stripped of safety and love. And so, what tormented me most as I shook through August of 1988 wasn’t the nausea and chills but the recurring fear that I’d never have lasting comfort or joy again.
Erica Ridley, The Viscount's Christmas Temptation|She clenched her fists. "I believe, milord, that I have endured my full limit of male tyranny." "I am afraid, milady, that you will have to become accustomed to it. It is the way of things, here in the world beyond your cloister." He turned her forward and nudged her to continue down the stairs. "This world would fall into chaos if women were allowed to do whatever they wished.
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson, Vol 2|Don't, Sir, accustom yourself to use big words for little matters.
Kevin Roose, The Unlikely Disciple: A Sinner's Semester at America's Holiest University|When I have too much information or too many choices, I often get confused.•	When one wants to encourage another to learn what ”I know that you don’t know,” encourage them to engage in deep thought on a topic you suggest. Deep thought is a positive activity that doesn’t blame and results in both a thinking process and outputs/outcomes that are positive.
Jack Kerouac|When leaders throughout an organization take an active, genuine interest in the people they manage, when they invest real time to understand employees at a fundamental level, they create a climate for greater morale, loyalty, and, yes, growth.
Moonshine Noire|we met one strange summerin a regular tangle of sticky websyou had the air of angels sweet but I--drowned with the damned spiritsin lava oceans fearing your--foreign static frequency and grey-green eyes(I swear they are even if you--think otherwise): stormscalm ones, calmer than my--raging coals, empty and deadyou speak of souls like you believealways an optimist in pessimisticskin of ivory and titanium mesh...
Simon the Zealot|We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
Stephen Sondheim, Sunday in the Park With George|After twenty years of unbelief, doubt had become a habit. Doubting was easy, routine; it was my natural, instinctive reaction. Somewhere along the line I had stopped considering any other options. Doubt was my default. So choosing the blessing, the miracle, over coincidence had to be a conscious choice. I had to dismiss doubt as the crutch that it was, dismiss my gut instinct and embrace the more challenging alternative.
Greg  Gordon|Jesus teaches us to bless our enemies (Matthew 5:44) To bless those who curse us (Luke 6:28). To “never avenge yourselves” (Romans 12:19). When we truly forgive someone, we need to come to the place where we can bless them and desire God’s blessing also on their lives.
Thabo Katlholo, The Mud Hut I Grew Upon|When we are able to do something so easily, we regard such thing as simple; but simplicity is complexity. Withing the things which are simple lay the things which are complex and within the things which are complex, lay the things which are simple
Michael Bassey Johnson|...if anyone who speaks up to criticise something obviously evil is punished merely for speaking, civilisation will be in a bad way.
Carrie Jones, Need|When Henry handed her a cup of punch she whispered, "If you want to go on with the seniors or anything I'll be alright."Henry smiled at her. "You're my date, Scout.
Rosa Parks|You can have more than one home. You can carry your roots with you, and decide where they grow.
Mira Bartok, The Memory Palace|There are certain things in a man's past which he does not divulge to everybody but, perhaps, only to his friends. Again there are certain things he will not divulge even to his friends; he will divulge them perhaps only to himself, and that, too, as a secret. But, finally, there are things which he is afraid to divulge even to himself, and every decent man has quite an accumulation of such things in his mind. I can put it even this way: the more decent a man is, the larger will the number of such things be.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|Life is about information, not about something else who knows the most he always wins.
Fredric Brown|Behind every great hatred is a love story. For I am a man who has known and tasted love. I say “a man” because that is how I know myself. Look at me, and what do you see? Do I not take the form of a man? Do I not feel as you do, suffer as you do, love as you do, mourn as you do? What is the essence of a man, if not these things?
David Duchovny|I lived in Dallas, and it's a big city, but you can jump on any freeway and drive in any direction for about 30 minutes and you are in the country - open space, wide open, very open, nothin' around.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|You know what I mean. I'm telling you I was stupid over it. I thought it was about trying so hard to survive that you didn't have the time to be a good parent. Obviously, that's not it. Because you and I, we're both...wealthy in love.
Marcel Proust, Sodom and Gomorrah|Boredom is the very opposite of beauty and truth. Life has been sacrificed to profit, and the result is boredom on a massive scale.
Amalia Mesa-Bains, Homegrown: Engaged Cultural Criticism|He thought: that's certainly how it starts. One day a person puts his legs up on a bench, then night comes and he falls asleep. That's how it happens that one fine day a person joins the tramps and turns into one of them.
Patricia Briggs, Iron Kissed|He stepped back with exaggerated courtesy. But when I walked past him, he swatted my rump. Hard enough to sting.“You need to be more careful,” he growled. “Keep interfering in my business and you might get hurt.”I said sweetly as I continued to Jesse's room, “The last man who swatted me like that is rotting in his grave.”“I have no doubt about it.” His voice was more satisfied then contrite.
Orson Scott Card, Ender in Exile|In philosophy class I think we finally decided that 'good' is an infinitely recursive term - it can't be defined except in terms of itself. Good is good because it's better than bad, though why it's better to be good than bad depends on how you define good, and on and on.
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|Courage is about learning how to function despite the fear, to put aside your instincts to run or give in completely to the anger born from fear. Courage is about using your brain and your heart when every cell of your body is screaming at your to fight or flee - and then following through on what you believe is the right thing to do.
Jon Kabat-Zinn|Symptoms of illness and distress, plus your feelings about them, can be viewed as messengers coming to tell you something important about your body or about your mind. In the old days, if a king didn't like the message he was given, he would sometimes have the messenger killed. This is tantamount to suppressing your symptoms or your feelings because they are unwanted. Killing the messenger and denying the message or raging against it are not intelligent ways of approaching healing. The one thing we don't want to do is to ignore or rupture the essential connections that can complete relevant feedback loops and restore self-regulation and balance. Our real challenge when we have symptoms is to see if we can listen to their message and really hear them and take them to heart, that is, make the connection fully.
Toni Morrison|You're the medium Weed and I use to communicate, that's all, this set of holes, pleasantly framed, this little femme scampering back and forth with scented messages tucked in her little secret places."She was too young then to understand what he thought he was offering her, a secret about power in the world. That's what he thought it was. Brock was young then too. She only took it as some parable about his feelings for her, one she didn't exactly understand but covered for with the wide invincible gaze practiced by many sixties children, meaning nearly anything at all, useful in a lot of situations, including ignorance.
Heidi Julavits, The Vanishers|These days, all I ask Fate is that the people she hurls into my life, whether they are evil or good, or morally bipolar, should be amusing to one degree or another.
Dancer|Music is the most abstract of the arts; dance, the most concrete.
Marty Rubin|Artists, by their free expressions, encourage others to be free. This is the quality that makes works of art enduring.
Anaïs Nin|I see a world on the edge of a blade. Without balance, it will fall.
Sunday Adelaja|Always be in control, do not allow money to possess your heart which should belong to God
Andrew Johnson|I've led a school whose faculty and students examine and discuss and debate every aspect of our law and legal system. And what I've learned most is that no one has a monopoly on truth or wisdom. I've learned that we make progress by listening to each other, across every apparent political or ideological divide.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The robb'd that smiles, steals something from the thief.
Anthony Weiner|Sticking with a marriage. That's true grit, man.
Kierra C.T. Banks|You embody the strength of 10,000 moons and your life will be a testament of it. Ase
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|I realized the universe had consumed my whole entity with its divine sensation of eternal bliss. All I could consciously perceive in that state of mind was absolute oneness. I felt being one with the banyan tree, under which I was sitting. I felt one with the corns in the field. I felt one with the sky and the clouds in it. As if everything was me, and I was everything. I didn’t have any perception of time or space. All that there was, was an all- pervading eternity – a state of non-dualism.
Jerry Bridges, The Discipline of Grace: God's Role and Our Role in the Pursuit of Holiness|A pastor struggled for years with sexual addiction, eventually becoming so despondent that hospitalized himself. He joined an inpatient group and was mostly silent as others shared.When he decided not to come one day, the leader found he had fallen back into his addiction the previous night. Against every fiber of his instinct, he came back to the group. He shared how much he despised himself and his hypocritical behavior. When he saw that others wept for him, the weight of the secret that piled on the shame was broken. As Ortberg puts it, the man was able to taste the grace he taught about.
J. Loren Norris|Authority to dream is not given, it is taken. Take it. Do not let the judgment of others be the final word. Without a doubt, if there is a one-word, one-step cure for bad peg moments, that word is perseverance. Let that be your final word.
Lawrence M. Krauss, A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing|[I]n science we have to be particularly cautious about 'why' questions. When we ask, 'Why?' we usually mean 'How?' If we can answer the latter, that generally suffices for our purposes. For example, we might ask: 'Why is the Earth 93 million miles from the Sun?' but what we really probably mean is, 'How is the Earth 93 million miles from the Sun?' That is, we are interested in what physical processes led to the Earth ending up in its present position. 'Why' implicitly suggests purpose, and when we try to understand the solar system in scientific terms, we do not generally ascribe purpose to it.
William S. Burroughs, The Cat Inside|When Rome burned, the emperor's cats still expected to be fed on time.
John Bellamy Foster, The Endless Crisis: How Monopoly-Finance Capital Produces Stagnation and Upheaval from the USA to China|It is time someone put in a good word for the petite bourgeoise. Unlike the working class and capitalists, who have never lack for spokespersons, the petite bourgeoise rarely, if ever, speaks for itself.
Meg Jay|Shoulds can masquerade as high standards or lofty goals, but they are not the same. Goals direct us from the inside, but shoulds are paralyzing judgments from the outside. Goals feel like authentic dreams while shoulds feel like oppressive obligations. Shoulds set up a false dichotomy between either meeting an ideal or being a failure, between perfection or settling. The tyranny of the should even pits us against our own best interests.
E. Journey, Welcome, Reluctant Stranger|Most races have a finish line, but some racists are running races where since they never hit the finish line, they never finish lying.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|In the flush of love's light, we dare be brave. And suddenly we see that love costs all we are, and will ever be. Yet it is only love which sets us free.
Dani Pettrey, Stranded|It's your job to tell others about Jesus, about what He's done in your life and what He can do in theirs, but you can never make someone believe, no matter how strong or pure your intentions. Salvation is between that person and God,' Piper said.
Nadine Brandes, A Time to Die|The flower is here, so let's dance here.
Alexander Kluge|It's like there are all these languages available, especially in terms of image. Why confine yourself to only English? There's all these languages and possibilities and concepts to speak or communicate with.
Auliq Ice|Without courage, little is done and accomplished.
Radostin Chernev|She is my girlfriend, I can do whatever I want to her. In fact, I’m going to take her home and fuck her from here to eternity, how about that?
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|What, in nature," Kit asked, "is the most beautiful thing you've seen? Or the most terrible?""The Dismals," Giles answered promptly. "A beautiful aberration in the lay of the land--North Alabama. A section mysteriously lowered, strewn with boulders, ferny, mossy, cooler--the vegetation, they say, typical of Canada. There the creek runs clear, but all other Alabama rivers and waterways are muddy with sediment. I even like the name--the Dismals. An eternal place, disjunct with the climate, the time, and its location.""You think being dismal is an attractive association with eternity?" I asked."It is a cool Eden in the Southern summer heat. What's yours, Una?""The Kentucky hills in spring. Layers of pink and white--redbud and dogwood.""And you?" Giles asked Kit."Stars," he said. That was all.
Amit Kalantri|Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Through understanding of God way's of grace, a man find grace to turn away from evil.
Unknown|The poem is like a monster, against which the critic does battle. There is only one way to conquer the monster: you must eat it, bones, blood, skin, pelt, and gristle. And even then the monster is not dead, for it lives in you, is assimilated into you, and you are different and somewhat monstrous yourself for having eaten it.
Solange nicole|If you plan to build walls around me, know this—I will walk through them.
David Cameron Gikandi, A Happy Pocket Full of Money: Infinite Wealth and Abundance in the Here and Now|All other things held constant, to the extent that an individual or society sees, believes in, and acts in abundance, so will it have wealth and happiness.
Liz Crowe, Closing Costs|She reached for the milk and honey soap, then poured it into the puff, but when she started washing him with it, he chuckled.“Uh, sweetheart?”“Hmm?” Candice mumbled as she stared at some interesting spot on his arm.“Real men don’t use puffs,” he said, amused and turned on by having Candice’s undivided attention.She finally managed to drag her gaze away from his forearm and stared at him as if he’d lost his mind. “You can’t be serious?” When he only shrugged, she rolled her eyes. “What does it matter what I use, so long as you’re clean?”“It matters, believe me.” Blade knew he sounded absurd but he couldn’t help it. It was bad enough he’d let her put bandages on a few measly cuts; if word got out he’d let her use a peach-colored puff and milk-and-honey bath soap he’d never hear the end of it.A man had to put his foot down somewhere.
Dada Bhagwan|After coming into the human life form, if one stays as the Self [Soul] and does not interfere in the discharging karmas, he will indeed go to moksha. And if he interferes, he will incarnate in a different life form.
Iain Pears, Arcadia|Lying," he said out loud, hoping no one would hear. "I need to lie. Teach me, quickly."I wouldn't if I were you, came the response. For a start, it's a variable concept here. You are in a culture where ambiguity has been raised to a high level. Let me give an example: depending on phrasing, circumstance, expression, body movement, intonation and context, the statement "I love you" can mean I love you; I don't love you; I hate you; I want to have sex with you; I do, in fact, love your sister; I don't love you any more; leave me alone, I'm tired, or I'm sorry I forgot your birthday. The person being talked to would instantly understand the meaning but might choose to attribute an entirely different meaning to the statement. Lying is a social act and the nature and import of the lie depends in effect on an unspoken agreement between the parties concerned. Please note that this description does not even begin to explore the concept of deep lies, in which the speaker simultaneously says something he knows to be untrue and genuinely believes it nonetheless: politicians are particularly adept at this.
Fernando Pessoa|There is not much you can say about a baby unless you are talking with its father or another mother or nurse; infants are not part of the realm of ordinary language, talk is inadequate to them as they are inadequate to talk.
Ben Mikaelsen, Touching Spirit Bear|There is one key area in which Zuma has made no attempt at reconciliation whatsoever: criminal justice and security. The ministers of justice, defence, intelligence (now called 'state security' in a throwback to both apartheid and the ANC's old Stalinist past), police and communications are all die-hard Zuma loyalists. Whatever their line functions, they will also play the role they have played so ably to date: keeping Zuma out of court—and making sure the state serves Zuma as it once did Mbeki.
Noël Coward, A Talent To Amuse: A Biography Of Noël Coward|If by any chance a playwright wishes to express a political opinion or a moral opinion or a philosophy, he must be a good enough craftsman to do it with so much spice of entertainment in it that the public get the message without being aware of it.
Thomas Merton, Thoughts in Solitude|I think we can learn a lot about a person in the very moment that language fails them. In the very moment they they have to be more creative than they would have imagined in order to communicate. It's the very moment that they have to dig deeper than the surface to find words, and at the same time, it's a moment when they want to communicate very badly. They're digging deep and projecting out at the same time.
David G. McAfee|On the first day, man created God
Louise Penny, The Brutal Telling|Finding this, she was much perplexed as to Henchard's motives in opening the matter at all; for in such cases we attribute to an enemy a power of consistent action which we never find in ourselves or or in our friends...
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Solitude of Self|How the little courtesies of life on the surface of society, deemed so important from man towards woman, fade into utter insignificance in view of the deeper tragedies in which she must play her part alone, where no human aid is possible.
Rosie O'Donnell, Celebrity Detox|Sometimes, when people speak, I cease listening to their words and zoom in instead on the cadence, and it can seem lovely, and at other times absurd, all this verbiage, these seemingly random consonants clattering on the string that is sound.
Karen Essex, Stealing Athena|There's a stream that trickles through all of us. It's always there. It's evil and we know this, so we force it to mix with the larger river inside us. We let it be consumed by the greater flow of good. But when the good in the river runs dry and there isn't enough of it to dilute the stream, then the stream flows faster and harder, uncontrolled, and it finally floods one life, then another, then another. And it's always the innocent who are easiest to pull down. It's always the innocent who are standing there on the banks and looking in, curious and trusting and sometimes, maybe, even a little brave.
Frank Bruno|I'm very active when I'm not pregnant, but I think fitness should be a natural part of your life, not something you have to force yourself to do.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Friendship Riddle|An age-old city is like a pond. With its colours and reflections. Its chills and murk. Its ferment, its sorcery, its hidden life.A city is like a woman, with a woman’s desires and dislikes. Her abandon and restraint. Her reserve - above all, her reserve.To get to the heart of a city, to learn its most subtle secrets, takes infinite tenderness, and patience sometimes to the point of despair. It calls for an artlessly delicate touch, a more or less unconditional love. Over centuries.Time works for those who place themselves beyond time.You’re no true Parisian, you do not know your city, if you haven’t experienced its ghosts. To become imbued with shades of grey, to blend into the drab obscurity of blind spots, to join the clammy crowd that emerges, or seeps, at certain times of day from the metros, railway stations, cinemas or churches, to feel a silent and distant brotherhood with the lonely wanderer, the dreamer in his shy solitude, the crank, the beggar, even the drunk - all this entails a long and difficult apprenticeship, a knowledge of people and places that only years of patient observation can confer.
Laurie Colwin, Shine On, Bright and Dangerous Object|At a certain point, memory begins to be a burden.
Warsan Shire, Teaching My Mother How to Give Birth|Sad people have the gift of time, while the world dizzies everyone else; they remain stagnant, their bodies refusing to follow pace with the universe. With these kind of people everything aches for too long, everything moves without rush, wounds are always wet.
James Clarke, Every-Day Religion|The author says people are guilty of "wrecking the present because the future was bound to be a wreck.
Adele|Our society's strong emphasis on dieting and self-image can sometimes lead to eating disorders. We know that more than 5 million Americans suffer from eating disorders, most of them young women.
William S. Burroughs|If few can stand a long war without deterioration of soul, none can stand a long peace.
Gian Kumar|God is but a supernatural spirit. He resides dormant in you, until you awaken to liberate yourself from this ignorance that you are body and mind.
Erika Swyler, The Mermaid Girl: A Story|The problem with stealing the magician's assistant from a carnival was that you were always waiting for her to disappear. He expected her to vanish. She had in fact, multiple times, before Simon was born, and just after, too. ...Daniel wanted to be worried for, wanted to be missed without doing any of the leaving that missing demanded. When Paulina left, he counted breaths, and thought constantly of the disappearing box. The reappearing was the most important part of the trick. Eventually he stopped living in fear that she wouldn't come back. The more pressing concern was that she was cutting herself in two.
Kevin Malarkey, The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven: A Remarkable Account of Miracles, Angels, and Life beyond This World|A falling star fell from your heart and landed in my eyes.I screamed aloud, as it tore through them, and now it's left me blind.The stars, the moon, they have all been blown out.You left me in the dark.No dawn, no day, I'm always in this twilight.In the shadow of your heart.And in the dark, I can hear your heartbeat.I tried to find the sound.But then it stopped, and I was in the darkness,So darkness I became.I took the stars from my eyes, and then I made a map.And knew that somehow I could find my way back.Then I heard your heart beating, you were in the darkness too.So I stayed in the darkness with you.
Anne  Katherine, Where to Draw the Line: How to Set Healthy Boundaries Every Day|With so much unknown in this life, how little it takes for a face, a grove of trees, an outcropping of stone to become familiar.
Doug Davidson|You have to let it all hang out, let go of the ideas that were more comfortable and embrace some of the sadness in your life.
Ad De Bont, Mirad, A Boy From Bosnia|Poirot said "you will find,M.le docteur,if you have much to do with cases of this kind,that they all resemble each other in one thing.""what is that?" I asked curiously"everyone concerned in them has something to hide
Stephen Hawking|Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.
Gary Vaynerchuk, Crush It!: Why Now Is the Time to Cash In on Your Passion|If you really want to dominate the competition and make big bucks, you’ve got to be the best. Do that, be that, and no one will be able to touch you. With one exception. Someone with less passion and talent and poorer content can totally beat you if they’re willing to work longer and harder than you are. Hustle is it.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Anger: Wisdom for Cooling the Flames|To take good care of ourselves, we must go back and take care of the wounded child inside of us. You have to practice going back to your wounded child every day. You have to embrace him or her terderly, like a big brother or a big sister. You have to talk to him, talk to her. And you can write a letter to the Little child in you, of two or three pages, to that you recognize his or her presence, and will do everything you can to heal his or her wounds.
Morana Blue, Gatsby's Smile|SWAT? For me?" Still trembling, one hand clung to the ambulance gurney, the other held a massive sterilised cotton wool wad under my nose."Tactical Support was busy. You got Dennis and Arlo," said Harry, speed-reading the papers he'd snatched from inside my jacket.Closest his hands had been to my chest in a long time."Which one broke my nose?""That'd be Dennis.
Quentin R. Bufogle|But the basic structure of capitalism, in which a small number own most of the productive assets, guarantees that the vast majority of people will (at best) spend their lives earning wages, but never profits.
Joe Murray|Marriage resembles a pair of shears, so joined that they cannot be separated; often moving in opposite directions, yet always punishing anyone who comes between them.
James Wan|I mean, we've built a lot of products that we think are good, and will help people share photos and share videos and write messages to each other. But it's really all about how people are spreading Facebook around the world in all these different countries. And that's what's so amazing about the scale that it's at today.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|-Gardener: ...Go thou, and like an executioner,Cut off the heads of too fast growing sprays,That look too lofty in our commonwealth:All must be even in our government.You thus employ'd, I will go root awayThe noisome weeds, which without profit suckThe soil's fertility from wholesome flowers.+Servant:Why should we in the compass of a paleKeep law and form and due proportion,Showing, as in a model, our firm estate,When our sea-walled garden, the whole land,Is full of weeds, her fairest flowers choked up,Her fruit-trees all upturned, her hedges ruin'd,Her knots disorder'd and her wholesome herbsSwarming with caterpillars?-Gardener:Hold thy peace! He that hath suffer'd this disorder'd springHath now himself met with the fall of leaf.,,
Maeve Binchy, The Lilac Bus|I, the unfortunate Doctor Polyakov, who became addicted to morphine in February of this year, warn anyone who may suffer the same fate not to attempt to replace morphine with cocaine. Cocaine is a most foul and insidious poison. Yesterday Anna barely managed to revive me with camphor injections and today I am half dead.
Robert M. Drake|With all honesty, somewhere between the hello and the dreams I saw you in I fell in love.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|We can't..." he told me."I know," I agreed.Then his mouth was on mine again, and this time, I knew there would be no turning back. There were no walls this time. Our bodies wrapped together as he tried to get my coat off, then his shirt, then my shirt. ... It really was a lot like when we'd fought out on the quad earlier-that same passion and heat. I think at the end of the day, the instincts that power fighting and sex aren't so different. They all come from an animal side of us. Yet, as more and more clothes came off, it went beyond just animal passion. It was sweet and wonderful at the same time. When I looked into his eyes, I could see without a doubt that he loved me more than anyone else in the world, that I was his salvation, the same way that he was mine. I'd never expected my first time to be in a cabin in the woods, but I realized the place didn't matter. The person did. With someone you loved, you could be anywhere, and it would be incredible. Being in the most luxurious bed in the world wouldn't matter if you were with someone you didn't love.
Evita Ochel|Shed who you think you are, in order to experience who you really are.
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|Nobody ever feels they’re doing well with teenagers,” he said. “I think that’s kind of the point of them.
Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness|Do try to remember this: even the world's not so black as it is painted"-Valerie to Stephen (pg. 408)
Michael P. Naughton, Deathryde: Rebel Without a Corpse|Don't you love your mother, dear?""I guess so. A hard, sharp, thorny kind of love that might be pity more than anything else.
Dave Barry|...light overcomes darkenss. A tiny match can illuminate the darkest room. As long as there is some light somewhere in the universe, [darkness] can be defeated.
Marc Anthony|The Negro revolution is controlled by foxy white liberals, by the Government itself. But the Black Revolution is controlled only by God.
Josephine Angelini, Goddess|Why didn't you become a sorcerer, Geralt? Weren't you ever attracted by the Art? Be honest.''I will. I was.''Why, then, didn't you follow the voice of that attraction?''I decided it would be wiser to follow the voice of good sense.''Meaning?''Years of practice in the witcher's trade have taught me not to bite off more than I can chew. Do you know, Vilgefortz, I once knew a dwarf, who, as a child, dreamed of being an elf. What do you think; would he have become one had he followed the voice of attraction?
Anonymous|The smartest thing I ever said was  "Help Me!"
Max Blecher|I rummaged through the drawers in search of a strong poison. I thought of nothing as I looked; I had to get it over with as quickly as possible. It was as if it were an everyday task I needed to do.All I could find were things of no use to me: buttons, string, thread of various colors, notebooks—all strongly redolent of naphthalene and none capable of causing a man’s death. Buttons, thread, and string—that is what the world contained at this most tragic of moments.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Because of the past, so many people are living in the past! No one is free from the past, but we are free to choose to move from the past into the present or stay in the past, though we live in the present!
Cyma Rizwaan Khan, I See The Devil|They say there’s so much beauty in the world, but I don’t see it. Perhaps that’s my problem. Am I crazy for having major depressive disorder, or is the rest of the population crazy for not having it? How do you even define sanity? Is it the will to live another day in spite of a lifetime of failures? Or is it the desire to keep going after you’ve lost everything you really, truly cared about?
Atul Gawande, Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science|Our health care approaches squander billions on extravagant treatment regimes that end up accomplishing little, as a society we refuse to adopt the small, even tiny adjustments that could easily reduce the clawing uncertainties that now degrade millions.
Paule Marshall, The Chosen Place, The Timeless People|And in a way, this was how he had come to see his death, as a series of small ones taking place over the course of his life and leading finally to the main event, which would be so anti-climatic, so undramatic (a sudden violent seizure in his long abused heart, a quick massive flooding of the brain) it would go unnoticed. It was the small deaths occurring over an entire lifetime that took the greater toll.
Josh Ross, Scarred Faith: When Doubts Become Allies of Deep Faith|Maybe the reason faith is called faith is because seeing doesn’t lead to belief, but belief transforms the way we see.
Thomas Harding, Kadian Journal|Since he died some of the colours have disappeared. I have lost the violet of seeing him, the indigo of touching him, the blue of talking to him and the green of smelling him. But I can still see some of his colours. I still have the red of the feelings in my heart, the orange of his possessions, and the yellow of our memories.Which is why it feels so confusing. He is gone, but not entirely. The white light is no longer with me, but a few of his colours remain; vibrant, illuminating. Sometimes I lose sight even of these colours. I search in the shadows, hungry for another glimpse, desperate that I may have lost them forever. This is my darkness.
Enrique de Hériz, Lies|For me, Mama's cabinet had been full of mysteries and secrets to be puzzled out, like an adventure. For them it had been full of memories. And I had broken all of them.
Mensah Oteh|Avoid making important or long-term decisions when you are fatigued mentally, emotionally or physically.
C.S. Lewis|You see, Mersualt, all the misery and cruelty of our civilisation can be measured by this one stupid axiom: happy nations have no history.
Cinda Williams Chima, Shadowcaster|Matelon gripped both her hands. “We are soldiers,” he said. “We are not game pieces on a board. Don’t let them play us. Give this thing a chance.”Lyss gently pulled free. “You’re wrong, Captain,” she said. “We never had a chance. At the end of the day, that is all that we are—game pieces. If you don’t know that by now, you soon will.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Long ago the signalling had become no more than a meaningless ritual, now maintained by an animal which had forgotten to learn and a robot which had never known to forget.
P.G. Wodehouse|This was not Aunt Dahlia, my good and kindly aunt, but my Aunt Agatha, the one who chews broken bottles and kills rats with her teeth.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Most fundamentally, the U.S. military is—and will continue to be—a product of our culture and our collective decisions. Whatever it is, it's what we have made it.
Mike Birbiglia|I grew up in a time when women didn't really do comedy. You had to be homely, overweight, an old maid, all that. You had to play a stereotype, because very attractive women were not supposed to be funny - because it's powerful; it's a threat.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|Beauty is biased, brainless. It says little to nothing about anybody as far as ethics are concerned, so why not monetize it? Give it some value, pin it with a price point. Otherwise, it’s worthless.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Silver Woods|I told Quynn that I'm in love with you."Her face gets real red. That damn cute red that drives me crazy. "Um, why would you do that?"I shake my head, smiling at her. "Cause its the truth, you dork.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|That would be Axelroot all over, to turn up with an extra wife or two claiming that's how they do it here. Maybe he's been in Africa so long he's forgotten that we Christians have our own system of marriage, and it's called Monotony.
Alcaeus of Mytilene, 612 BC|If gods are transcendent ideas, then the idea of a god IS a god.
Alan Moore, DC Universe: The Stories of Alan Moore|Ah, if everyone was as sensitive as you! There's no girl who hasn't gone through that. And it's all so unimportant!
Angela Richardson, Pieces of Truth|Sometimes, the smallest moments in your life have the greatest impact. They soar straight into a place deep inside you, and resonate with the very core of your heart, sinking deep into your memory, to remind you later, that life and love can bring you magic you didn’t know existed.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Literature supplements the lives of people and enables us to feel connected with the world. Shared stories blunt a sense of tragic aloneness, and endow us with the tools to understand our humanness. Reading about the lives of other people acquaints us with the hardships of other people. The authorial voices of narrative prose express our shared feelings of deprivation
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|What do you think Dimitri? Is this a good idea, Dimitri? Please give us your blessing so that we can fall down and worship you, Dimitri.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|How could they have forgotten the importance of today’s date? My brain screamed at me as, with shaking fingers, I climbed the stairs to the bus, before making my way to the back, out of sight. My birthday, like the norm, happens on the same date every year. Therefore, the confused part of my brain argued, how could they have all simply forgotten this fact and acted so “normal” when I entered the kitchen this morning? They may have been abducted by aliens in the night? This was a voice from the incomprehensible area of my mind. Consequently, their behaviour would make complete sense then! Furthermore, answered another voice from the same ridiculous compartment, they could’ve simply gone to bed last night fine and then awoken the next morning with amnesia? Sometimes, these things happen unexpectedly. Adele Rose, Awakening.
Christine Stockton, Sluts|Actually, nothing hurts like hearing the word slut, unless it is hearing the word rape dropped about carelessly. Again, a word I wouldn't have thought much about, except that when I was in high school a girl gave her senior speech on her best friend's rape. She ended not with an appear for women's rights or self defense, but by begging us to consider our language. We use the word 'rape' so casually, for sports, for a failed test, to spice up jokes. 'The test raped me.' 'His smile went up to justifiable rape.' These references confer casualness upon the word, embedding it into our culture, stripping it of shock value, and ultimately numb us to the reality of rape.
Ken Jennings|The decline of geography in academia is easy to understand: we live in an age of ever-increasing specialization, and geography is a generalist's discipline. Imagine the poor geographer trying to explain to someone at a campus cocktail party (or even to an unsympathetic adminitrator) exactly what it is he or she studies. "Geography is Greek for 'writing about the earth.' We study the Earth.""Right, like geologists.""Well, yes, but we're interested in the whole world, not just the rocky bits. Geographers also study oceans, lakes, the water cycle...""So, it's like oceanography or hydrology.""And the atmosphere.""Meteorology, climatology...""It's broader than just physical geography. We're also interested in how humans relate to their planet.""How is that different from ecology or environmental science?""Well, it encompasses them. Aspects of them. But we also study the social and economic and cultural and geopolitical sides of--""Sociology, economics, cultural studies, poli sci.""Some geographers specialize in different world regions.""Ah, right, we have Asian and African and Latin American studies programs here. But I didn't know they were part of the geography department.""They're not."(Long pause.)"So, uh, what is it that do study then?
Aaron B. Powell, Priority|So you killed him with what now?""I tried that Dr. Phil book at first"..."And I finished it off with the toilet seat. Just so you know, you left it up again. That drives me crazy.
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|Conscious breathing is the best antidote to stress, anxiety and depression.
Ezio Auditore da Firenze|Sometimes the truth stares us in the face, but we just choose not to look.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Each of us has immense potential to achieve what we desire, unless you enliven and enlighten your life with inspiration, bring your dreams into reality through the power of desire you will never shine as bright as your potential.
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|Despite the Great Chain of Being's traditional ranking of humans between animals and angels, there is no evolutionary justification for the common assumption that evolution is somehow 'aimed' at humans, or that humans are 'evolution's last word'.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|If you are reading this... I'm dead so far probably or still alive who knows?It's bad day in bad time, I can tell this for sure!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE MOTH AND THE BUTTERFLYWhen the sun rises over the horizon,the butterfly emerges to dance in its brilliant light.It flickers its colorful wings with euphoria,To celebrate all the beauty foundin the majestic garden of life.When the moon arrives in the darkness,The moth appears at the disappearance of sunlight.It flickers its pale wings as it shakes from its deep slumber,To go search for foodTo carry it through the night.The moth prefers the moon and detests the sun,while the butterfly loves the sun and hides from the moon.Every living creature responds to light,But depending on the amount of light you have inside,Determines which lamp in the skyYour heart will swoon. Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|Nature cannot be bribed, when the necessary conditions are not met, it does not happen
Rose Gordon, Her Secondhand Groom|Sqwaak!" from Fletcher, the environmental crime fighting parrot in The Big Belch graphic novel by Kay Wood.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|The two of them kept an eye open for every tree or temple we passed by, and turned to me for a reaction of piety which I gave them, of course, and with growing elaborateness: first just touching my eye, then my neck, then my clavicle, and even my nipples.  They were convinced I was the most religious servant on earth.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|God doesn't listen to me too, but people have their suspicions. सुनता तो रब हमारी भी नहीं,पर लोगों को अल्लाह पे शक बेशक है
Rebecca McNutt|Sadly, atheists are becoming everything they aren't supposed to be: obnoxious, oppressive, loud, pushy, smug, condescending and annoying. Since when did the definition of atheism become "an anti-religious person"? It's one thing to say "I don't believe in God because I see no proof in God. We'll just agree to disagree". It's another thing to make it your sworn duty to put down and berate religious people, to view them as primitive morons, to turn every conversation into a debate and to make it your mission to put forth this vision of a faith-free society fueled only by science and technology. This kind of oppression is against everything atheists stand for. Atheists believe in the freedom of choice, the choice to not be religious if one does not want to be. This does not mean being pushy or rude towards anybody else who has made their own choices to be religious. For some people, religion gives them a purpose, helps them cope with trauma and grief, gives them hope, gives them something to hold onto. So, as long as they aren't pushing their faith on others, why should atheists do the same thing to them?
Andrew Peterson, The Monster in the Hollows|The matron glanced at the old man and suppressed a smile. “He is absolutely miserable.” “I enjoy miserable. It gives one a contrast to all the delectabilities of life. But is he housebroken, inpala? He is rather rumpled. He will look well on my ship, but will he wash well? Do professors fray as a general rule? I will not have my ship looking ragged.”“They do tend to fade after a few years of hard use.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|God will never disappoint us. He loves us and has only one purpose for us : holiness, which in His kingdom equals joy.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't compare yourself to other Christians. Compare yourself to Christ. He is the one you follow. He is the one other Christians too follow".
Billy Collins, Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems|I see all of us reading ourselves away from ourselves,  straining in circles of light to find more light until the line of words becomes a trail of crumbs that we follow across a page of fresh snow
A.E. Housman, More Poems|The thoughts of othersWere light and fleeting,Of lovers' meetingOr luck or fame.Mine were of trouble,And mine were steady;So I was readyWhen trouble came.
Darynda Jones, Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet|Insanity does NOT run in my family. It strolls through, takes its time, and gets to know everyone personally. —T-SHIRT
M.Rishad Sakhi|You feel as if everybody has been given an instruction manual on how to be likable, but you didn't get it. And they all sold out now. And if you are what you eat, then you must have surely spent the last few years of your life eating dog food and cat shit. Because when you look in the mirror, it is all that you see.
Helen Shucman, A Course in Miracles, Combined Volume: Text, Workbook for Students, Manual for Teachers, 2nd Edition|Don't focus on the mountain; focus on the mountain mover!" HS/el
Dara Khosrowshahi|Even though Laverne and Shirley were always, like, submitting themselves for medical testing and falling asleep on a date or whatever, they always had each other's back.
Colleen McCullough, The Thorn Birds|And gradually his memory slipped a little, as memories do, even those with so much love attached to them; as if there is an unconscious healing process within the mind which mends up in spite of our desperate determination never to forget.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Open-plan offices have been found to reduce productivity and impair memory. They’re associated with high staff turnover. They make people sick, hostile, unmotivated, and insecure.
Jennifer Crusie, Manhunting|It's a tradition to drink rakia with snacks. Not like the Russians, you know, who just drink to get drunk. I like a little snack with the news.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|The same word we love and hate, leaves in different directions, taking different paths.
Steven Magee|Animals are a lot like humans for when we are happy our immunity is strong and love and life force races through our veins. When we are depressed our immunity runs low and we can easily get sick. Many pet parents are very careful about feeding the right food, providing plenty of exercise and buying the right toys and treats. Not that those things aren’t important too, for they are, but the best thing you can do for us is to make yourself happy because when you are happy then we are happy too.
Karon Waddell|When someone says you've changed, it's because you are no longer willing to live your life their way
Q.M. Sidd|If we agree that God did not create poverty then, in my opinion, it came in to being as a consequence of human rights violations.
Violet Blue, The Smart Girl's Guide to Privacy|Women have become trained to be lone soldiers online, knowing that to send up a signal flare for help is more likely to attract enemies than allies.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There's always next level, new decisions, and new episode. My life inspired by challenges
John Cornforth|At the National Institute for Medical Research, I came into contact with biological scientists and formed collaborative projects with several of them. In particular, George Popjak and I shared an interest in cholesterol.
V.S. Carnes|Care for her. He was unworthy of such a gift. Unworthy of her blind trust and her sparkling, slightly crooked smiles, let alone her heart. But he wanted her, selfish fool he was and had always been. Care for her? Ah, God, she consumed him.
Dean Cavanagh|There is no moment that exceeds in beauty that moment when one looks at a woman and finds that she is looking at you in the same way that you are looking at her. The moment in which she bestows that look that says, "Proceed with your evil plan, sumbitch." The initial smash on glance. The, the drawing near. This takes a long time, it seems like months, although only minutes pass, in fact. Languor is the word that describes this part of the process. Your persona floats toward her persona, over the Sea of Hesitation. Many weeks pass before they meet, but the weeks are days, or seconds. Still, everything is decided. You have slept together in the glance.
Rashmit Kalra|An amber sunset, a flowing river, a snow capped mountain, a beautiful heart, a calm mind, deep eyes, the moon, the earth and the sky - they are all silent. It's the words that give them meaning, decipher their essence and share their message.
Peter Ackroyd, Albion: The Origins of the English Imagination|The English seem to relish unsystematic learning of this kind, in the same manner that they embarked upon "Grand Tours" of Europe in pursuit of a peripatetic scholarship.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|What is certain is that he [the baby] has too much attention from the one person who is entirely at his disposal. The intimacy between mother and child is not sustaining and healthy. The child learns to exploit his mother's accessibility, badgering her with questions and demands which are not of any real consequence to him, embarrassing her in public, blackmailing her into buying sweets and carrying him.
Julie Taymor|I commuted to the prestigious Hibiya High School from my uncle's home in Tokyo. During the high school years, I developed an interest in chemistry, so upon graduation, I chose to take an entrance examination for the Department of Chemistry of the University of Kyoto, the old capital of Japan.
Victoria Hanley|After God and my family, it's surf. I don't imagine me not surfing. Surf brings me smile every day.
Kate Grenville, The Lieutenant|Mathematics is the most exact science, and its conclusions are capable of absolute proof. But this is so only because mathematics does not attempt to draw absolute conclusions. All mathematical truths are relative, conditional.
Mark Twain|If books are not good company, where shall I find it?
Paul Stamets|The fall is my favorite time of year. I love the colors. The sun is out, you get warmth on your skin but there's the coolness of the breeze. It's really comfortable.
Antonin Scalia|For a country to have a great writer is like having a second government. That is why no regime has ever loved great writers, only minor ones.
Yasmin Mogahed|i loved him, every inch of his being, but i realised one day; if loving him meant losing me, than loving him was not enough anymore.
Andrea Dworkin|Feminists know that if women are paid equal wages for equal work, women will gain sexual as well as economic independence. But feminists have refused to face the fact that in a woman-hating social system, women will never be paid equal wages. Men in all their institutions of power are sustained by the sex labor and sexual subordination of women. The sex labor of women must be maintained; and systematic low wages for sex-neutral work effectively force women to sell sex to survive. The economic system that pays women lower wages than it pays men actually punishes women for working outside marriage or prostitution, since women work hard for low wages and still must sell sex. The economic system that punishes women for working outside the bedroom by paying low wages contributes significantly to women's perception that the sexual serving of men is a necessary part of any woman's life: or how else could she live? Feminists appear to think that equal pay for equal work is a simple reform, whereas it no reform at all; it is revolution. Feminists have refused to face the fact that equal pay for equal work is impossible as long as men rule women, and right-wing women have refused to forget it.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Now here is the fascinating thing, it is actually your own race! And just as a horse in a race, you do not look over to see what the next horse is doing. You are focused and you run your own race. That is how to create NAPS, create it for you and listen to yourself express those words with meaning and conviction.
Wendy Mass, Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life|A fight is going on inside me," said an old man to his son. "It is a terrible fight between two wolves. One wolf is evil. He is anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment, inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego. The other wolf is good. he is joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, empathy, generosity, truth, compassion, and faith. The same fight is going on inside you." The son thought about it for a minute and then asked, "Which wolf will win?" The old man replied simply, "The one you feed.
Orson Scott Card, Earthfall|Better to have the trust of the people than their respect. With trust, their respect could be earned later; without it, respect could never be deserved, and so to have it would be like poison.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|Great leaders are the first to say, “I was wrong. Let’s make a change.
T.K. Kiser, The Firebrand Legacy|The more she tried to forget, the more she remembered.
Jon Kabat-Zinn|If we don't change, millions of American families are just one medical emergency, or one layoff, away from financial disaster and bankruptcy.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Never sit under a tree waiting for the apple to fall. Climb the tree, grab that apple!When it comes, never be inert and take your time, TIME TO MOVE!
John     Nichols, A Fragile Beauty: John Nichols' Milagro Country: Text and Photographs from His Life and Work|We are touched by magic wands. For just a fraction of our day life is perfect, and we are absolutely happy and in harmony with the earth. The feeling passes much too quickly. But the memory – and the anticipation of other miracles – sustains us in the battle indefinitely.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I often think we should have tattooed on the back of whatever hand we use to shoot or write, 'I might be wrong.
Steve Jobs|I come from a poor family, I have seen poverty. The poor need respect, and it begins with cleanliness.
Joe L. Wheeler, Abraham Lincoln, a Man of Faith and Courage: Stories of Our Most Admired President|Man’s glory lies not, Lincoln thought, in ‘his goodness,’ for this is often nonexistent. He derives glory, instead, from his being made in the image of the Living God.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|If there is a God you must see it (literally), even clearer than you see this page, otherwise it is better not to believe. It is better to be an outspoken atheist, than a hypocrite.
Shelley Ramsey, Grief: A Mama's Unwanted Journey|Just days after Joseph died, we sat down to eat dinner at the dining room table. We each sat there, choking down our food, tears streaming down our faces, and no one speaking. There was no one in his chair; his side of the table had a gaping hole. A large part of the nightly conversation was missing. Everything felt wrong.
Nikki Rowe|Some people build houses, buildings. I don't. I build stories. ~ Ryan Mark, Author
Beth Underdown, The Witchfinder's Sister|For it is a choice, I think, to close the heart, just as it is a choice to open it. It is a choice to look at what distresses you, and a choice to shut your eyes. It is a choice to hold tight your pain, or else let it slip your grasp, set it free to make its mark upon the world.
Colleen McCullough, A Creed for the Third Millennium|But work used to be the lot of every man, and now it is rapidly becoming an aristocratic privilege. Men nowadays are more often paid not to work.
Alice Brown|You know some minutes warn you they're going to be mighty short and you'd better take a snapshot of 'em while you can. ("Golden Baby")
Lailah Gifty Akita|Prof. Christoph Heubeck said, "Dream on, dreams can come true.
Teddy Sears|People sometimes say the way things happen in the movies is unreal, but actually, it's the way things happen to you in life that's unreal.
Ash Gray, Time's Arrow|Return me safely to my home,” the princess said, “and I shall reward you with your weight in eggs.”	Olorun snorted derisively. “You’re joking, right?”	The woman’s eyes flitted in embarrassment. 	“Now wait a minute,” said Helianthus. “We’re talkin’ eggs here. What sort of eggs? Ostrich eggs?”	Neferre made an impatient noise. “Hel! She doesn’t have any eggs! Unless they’re hidden in a very . . . delicate place.” Neferre grinned at the princess. “Tell me your eggs are hidden where I think they’re hidden.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|But I’d rather look back and regret something I did when I was young and crazy, than look back and regret something I never had the courage to do, and realize it’s too late.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|When I did a therapist education in USA 1984, one of the course leaders – who had given personal and spiritual guidance to thousands of seekers of truth from all over the world, and who I consider to be one of the best spiritual therapists in the world – said that I was going to get enlightened, that I would ”disappear into the silence”. I did not really understand what he meant then, and it was totally absurd for me when other course participants congratulated me afterwards. The thought that I was going to be enlightened was totally absurd for me. For me enlightenment was something that happened to special and chosen persons like Osho, Buddha, Jesus, Lao-Tzu and Krishnamurti. I did not feel either special or chosen. I did not feel worthy of being enlightened.
Magda Alexander, Storm Conquered|I’m so exhausted with worry, I go to bed early that day. But hours later, I’m still awake. I can’t seem to fall asleep. Not without him by my side. When did I become so addicted to Jake? Why do I crave his company? Since forever, my conscience responds. After my father’s death, I went off the deep end because he was not there. I sought the BDSM lifestyle, not because I yearned for it, but because I wanted the pain. If Jake had been there, somehow I could have muddled through the aftermath of my father’s funeral without looking for someone to tie me up and administer punishment. I wanted to be beaten as an outlet for my agony. Not that it made any difference. Even after I flew to Brazil, the pain was still there. It still is. And I know why. Because he’s not by my side. As much as I want him to be here with me, he never signed on to babysit me for life.
Claire Holden Rothman, The Heart Specialist|I looked briefly up from my notes. I was surrounded by hearts, sectioned and preserved. Hearts with holes. Hearts with leaking valves or thickened walls. Hearts with narrow or transposed aortas. I closed my eyes.
Jim Trelease|The more you read, the better you get at it; the better you get at it, the more you like it;and the more you like it, the more you do it. And the more you read, the more you know;and the more you know, the smarter you grow.
Barry Lyga, Game|Your words hurt, Jazz. They hurt like cotton balls thrown in my direction.
Kate Upton|Even between the best of friends, mistakes and misunderstandings can happen.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Astrophysics for People in a Hurry|During our brief stay on planet Earth, we owe ourselves and our descendants the opportunity to explore - in part because it's fun to do. But there's a far nobler reason. The day our knowledge of the cosmos ceases to expand, we risk regressing to the childish view that the universe figuratively and literally revolves around us. In that bleak world, arms-bearing, resource-hungry people and nations would be prone to act on their 'low contracted prejudices.' And that would be the last gasp of human enlightenment - until the rise of a visionary new culture that could once again embrace, rather than fear, the cosmic perspective.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|Polarity exists so that we may discover the truth beyond this world of duality, which is the ultimate purpose of life.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Evil is unspectacular and always human,And shares our bed and eats at our own table ....
James     Baldwin|You read something which you thought only happened to you, and you discovered it happened 100 years ago to Dostoyevsky.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the pursuit of faith, I am a free soul.
Wendell Berry, The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture|It could be said that a liberal education has the nature of a bequest, in that it looks upon the student as the potential heir of a cultural birthright, whereas a practical education has the nature of a commodity to be exchanged for position, status, wealth, etc., in the future. A liberal education rests on the assumption that nature and human nature do not change very much or very fast and that one therefore needs to understand the past. The practical educators assume that human society itself is the only significant context, that change is therefore fundamental, constant, and necessary, that the future will be wholly unlike the past, that the past is outmoded, irrelevant, and an encumbrance upon the future -- the present being only a time for dividing past from future, for getting ready.But these definitions, based on division and opposition, are too simple. It is easy, accepting the viewpoint of either side, to find fault with the other. But the wrong is on neither side; it is in their division...Without the balance of historic value, practical education gives us that most absurd of standards: "relevance," based upon the suppositional needs of a theoretical future. But liberal education, divorced from practicality, gives something no less absurd: the specialist professor of one or another of the liberal arts, the custodian of an inheritance he has learned much about, but nothing from.
S.A. Wolfe, Faithful|It’s frightening because love is unpredictable, emotionally unstable, and uncontainable.
Joyce Rachelle|I don't know what I was looking for . . . I felt empty. I guess. Not hearing from you made it all seem surreal, like you were never there, a dream, a figment of my imagination.I went to your site that day to . . . I guess, double-check.I thought. . . maybe you wrote something, a new story . . . a message . . . anything.I did find a new story . . . It wasn't about us . . .And I ended up feeling even emptier.
Guy de Maupassant, The Necklace and Other Short Stories|Charles went to kiss her shoulder.-Leave me alone! she said, you're creasing my dress.
Henry Cabot Lodge|To me, acting is the most logical way for people's neuroses to manifest themselves, in this great need we all have to express ourselves.
Lindy Zart, Complete|It’s one thing to go into a fight knowing you’ll probably lose. Quite another to be told that to win, you must offer up your throat to be slit.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|…some leaders don’t want to celebrate with their team because they are afraid—yes, afraid that if they celebrate, people will quit working hard and lower the standards. I say don’t let your fear take you out.
Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer|A peace that blacked yer eye,' I say. 'A peace that split yer lip.' He looks at me for another second and then gives a sad snort. “The words of a sage,” he says, “in the voice of a hick.
David Byrne|A Miami must-have is the trendy Panther Coffee in Wynwood. I like Alma Mexicana for the ever-popular breakfast burrito. For out-of-this-world Cuban food, the Cubano at Little Bread Cuban Sandwich Co. will satisfy your craving. My friends all love Shorty's Bar-B-Q for the mouth-watering corn on the cob and BBQ, of course.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Senses of humor define people, as factions, deeper rooted than religious or political opinions. When carrying out everyday tasks, opinions are rather easy to set aside, but those whom a person shares a sense of humor with are his closest friends. They are always there to make the biggest influence.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When enemies, the intellect and the heart only see one another as the hater and the fool.
Katie MacAlister, The Importance of Being Alice|I don't know whether to be pleased that our lovemaking was of such a high quality that you immediately want more, or if it's an indication you are one of those sex-addicted people who are never satisfied.
Stephanie Rawlings-Blake|When my time ends, I want people to say, 'Man her music made me smile; it just enlightened my life; it inspired me; it made me feel good every time.'
David Malpass|I love language, and I love the failure of language.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Doctrines, no matter which path of human endeavor they come from, must serve the humans, not the humans serving the doctrines. “Love thy neighbor” - is a great doctrine, but more importantly, it is an unparalleled piece of magnificent human teaching – as such, whoever practices it, becomes a better human, a real human. On the other hand, there is another doctrine that says “God may purify the believers and destroy the disbelievers” – now would you, as a real conscientious human being, consider this one as a great beneficial doctrine or teaching for humanity? Far from being great, doctrines like this are the ones that compel the human society to forget its innate humanism.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|I see, these books are probably law books, and it is an essential part of the justice dispensed here that you should be condemned not only in innocence but also in ignorance.
Mensah Oteh|Happiness resides in your mind, brain, heart and tongue. Connect all four and you’ll live in bliss.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|For in every adult there dwells the child that was, and in every child there lies the adult that will be.
Laura Thalassa, The Queen of All that Lives|When you live without someone for as long as I have, love becomes this abstract concept, something you attach to a memory. And when memories are that old, they feel like dreams, and you wonder if any of it was real, or if your mind created it all.
Michael  Grant, Light|Our mother used to say that a hero doesn't always have to slay a dragon to save the day." She swept a lock of hair behind her ear in an honest gesture, then pursed her lips and looked back at him, her gaze endearing. "Sometimes he just walks through the fire alongside you, and that's enough.
Criss Jami, Healology|Some of the simplest of truths are also some of the most difficult of truths, but such is Christianity: 'If it's not about Christ, it's not about life.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|What is the one thing that gets you up every morning? The one thing that keeps you going every day, every month, every year? Let me get you started. My one thing is this, ‘I'm one day closer...’ One day closer to a goal, an outcome, or the results I'm after in my life. This is my way of remembering the importance of focusing on the life I desire and living a life of gratitude! So, what’s your one thing…?
Michael "Bommi" Baumann|The only thing people regret is that they didn't live boldy enough, that they didn't invest enough heart, didn't love enough. Nothing else really counts at all.
Jayesh Varma|Feel pity for the person who judged you rudely. For they are selfish in their judgment, trying to make their life feel just a little bit better. It was never about you it was all about them.
Richard Price, Samaritan|When you think of the amount of turnover and profit made by most companies in this country - and especially the big chains, it's a shame that they pay their employees minimum wage and no more than that. What that really says is: 'We're paying you minimum wage, because we're not allowed to pay you any less.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Kaliyugaya|An outsider's inquisitiveness to know another's private affairs is natural, but not so in children with respect to their parents. Children know the overt personal life of their parents. It is a crime for children to probe into mistakes made by their parents, like detectives looking for evidence of crimes. Any man can make mistakes, however good he may be. It is wrong for children to inquisitively probe into their parents' lives, and have fun or show anger over what they uncover. It is like digging into the heads of ancient statues in search of archaeological artefacts. Nanda spoke with anger.
Red Haircrow|Sometimes we need to examine who we are,what we stand for and the people we allow in our lives.
Lori Wilde, Once Smitten, Twice Shy|Their tongues met, starving, two years without this delicious meal. They kissed and kissed and kissed. The joining of their mouths was more intense than that night on the ferry. This was a kiss of reunion. Of forgiveness. Of coming home.
John 13 35 The Holy Bible|Religion is for those who are without the pure knowledge of the Almighty true God- Jehovah the Creator of the Heavens and the earth..it is also for those who are ignorant of the fact of who God is and are neither founded in Him nor allign themselves to His righteous standards...but are lovers of sins and every acts and pleasures that does not glorify Him. Christianity is not a religion and will never be. It is a relationship consisting of our being in unity with Jesus Christ and with others...tuned and under the banner of Christ-likeness, upholding justice and righteousness.
Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave|I have been stabbed, shot, burned, bitten, beaten unconscious too many times to count, and even staked. None of those held a candle to the pain I felt at seeing his mouth on hers.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Learn from your disappointments and failures and with God’s help seek to overcome them. Ask yourself, could I have done anything to prevent this? Were my hopes and dreams unrealistic, or were my motives wrong?Is there a new path God wants me to explore?
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Did life treat everyone so wantonly, ripping the good things to pieces while letting bad things fester and grow like fungus
Chester Brown|Our country was thereby saved from the consequences of its distracting individualistic conception of democracy, and its merely legal conception of nationality. It was because the followers of Jackson and Douglas did fight for it, that the Union was preserved.
Kaui Hart Hemmings|I won't regret, because you can grow flowers where dirt used to be.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|It is a fair, even-handed, noble adjustment of things, that while there is infection in disease and sorrow, there is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good-humour.
Maaza Mengiste, Beneath the Lion's Gaze|When you are convinced that everything that happens is the will of God, what is there to do but wait until God has mercy?
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Dreams, unlike eggs, don’t hatch from sitting on them.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Love is never hurtful; It’s never about forgetting who you are, it’s about exploring yourself more.
Elyn R. Saks|The Parents, as my mother and father refer to Mr. Finch and Mrs. Finch, are insisting it was an accident, which, I guess, means we're free to mourn him out in the open in a normal, healthy, unstigmatised way. No need to be ashamed or embarrassed since suicide isn't involved.
Carlos Castañeda|We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Dear God,Let the anointing and the power of the Holy Spirit be mighty upon me, so I can who you want me to be.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|He's not a bad guy, John. It's human nature. He wanted it to be some mistake I made that he wouldn't have made, some flaw in me that he didn't share, so he could believe it wouldn't have happened to him. But it wasn't my fault. It was either blind, dumb, stupid luck from start to finish, in which case, we are all in the wrong business gentleman, or it was a God I cannot worship.
Howard Coble|At the very outset I want to say how the people of America appreciate the steadfast support of the people of Morocco, the leadership of Morocco in our war against terrorism.
Eliza Victoria, LONTAR #4|Rebecca woke up with her knees hurting and her fingers ice-cold, and the specifics of her life returned to her as the dream disappeared: weekend, hotel room, Baguio, memory, memory, memory.
Tamela Miles, Sleeping Beauties|Seth embraced her tightly. “Don’t write your future so grim. You will not die, Chloe. I will not let you die here in Alexander’s mad kingdom.” He moved her back, reaching down with one hand to gently wipe away her tears.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Capricorn|The same wolfish greed beats in your heart: to have what you will, and kill for it.
Linda Sue Park|The boy was still looking at him. "Your family?" he asked.Salva shook his head."Me, too, " the boy said. He sighed, and Salva heard that sigh all the way to his heart.
Winston S. Churchill|The idea of labor, of hard work, leading to increased productivity was so novel, so radical, in the overall span of Western history that most ordinary people, most of those who labored, could scarcely believe what was happening to them. Labor had been so long thought to be the natural and inevitable consequence of necessity and poverty that most people still associated it with slavery and servitude. Therefore any possibility of oppression, any threat to the colonists' hard earned prosperity, any hint of reducing them to the povery of other nations, was especially frightening; for it seemed likely to slide them back into the traditional status of servants or slaves, into the older world where labor was merely a painful necessity and not a source of prosperity.
Stefan Molyneux|The word "rights", is something that governments need to provide you and protect you from but, the governments are the basic violators of all human rights.
Phillips Brooks|Dreadful will be the day when the world becomes contented, when one great universal satisfaction spreads itself over the world. Sad will be the day for every man when he becomes absolutely contented with the life that he is living, with the thoughts that he is thinking, with the deeds that he is doing, when there is not forever beating at the doors of his soul some great desire to do something larger which he knows that he was meant and made to do because he is a child of God.
Robin Sacredfire|There’s a reason for the word heartbeat not be called beat of heart. The perfect woman only needs a good beat. The heart will follow. Emotions, when put in equilibrium with reason, create more miracles than any emotion, no matter how strong, deprived from reason. This is why it’s much easier to love a woman that can play the drums or any other instrument with rhythm, than one that believes in unreasonable magic, simply because there’s more magic in reason than in the lack of it. You see, loving someone that you truly want to love, someone you admire, someone you want to spend your time with, helping, sharing and growing together, makes much more sense than expecting someone to love you for no reason than your will, needs and desires. And when humans understand this, they will understand love, find it easily and never lose it again.
C.P. Snow, Variety of Men|That not adhering to those notions Reason dictates (concerning the nature of God), has been the occasion of all superstition, and those innumerable mischiefs that mankind (on account of religion) have done to themselves or to one another.
Nikki Sex, Carmen's New York Climax|Mmmm I like the sounds you're making," he murmured in a honeyed whisper. "I just bet that you're a screamer. Should I have brought earplugs?Kurt Nielsen
Denis Hachey, Mind to Mind Conversation: Change Your Mind, Change Your Life|People don’t like surprises,” Caine shot back.“People love surprises Caine; it's change, they hate. Everything that is living is always changing. If it’s not changing, it’s dying.
Thomas Gibson|The goal of spiritual practice is full recovery, and the only thing you need to recover from is a fractured sense of self.
Joanne Van Leerdam|Whatever your dreams may be, never dismiss them as impossible. Always hope. Always try. You just never know when things will happen.
Lao Tzu|Do your work, then step back. The only path to serenity.
Tom Drury|I have my own dance and production companies, and acting is my creative outlet. It's what I'm passionate about. I've actually created a lifestyle where I could act for free. I could get a job to pay the bills and act on the weekends to make me smile.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|It is the cry of the separate self, ‘What about me?’ As long as we keep acting from that place, it doesn’t matter who wins the war against (what they see as) evil. The world will not deviate from its death-spiral.
Martin Page, The Discreet Pleasures of Rejection|Like sexual intercourse, death needs foreplay.
Ashley Monroe|Hear me, my chiefs! I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands, I will fight no more forever.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|To know the purpose of a product, you must pay attention to what the manufacturer said about it. What God said about you is that you must have dominion over all other creation. Just pay attention and take the lead!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|In 1966, American anthropologist Edward T. Hall specified four distinct distance zones to describe the perception of physical space around us. Understanding these zones and honoring their invisible boundaries will give you a sixth sense about another person’s “space” as well as your own.Intimate Zone (less than 2’) —This zone represents our personal space and is reserved for the most trusted and loved people in our lives. Touching, hugging, standing side by side, and engaging in private conversations is common and encouraged. When an interloper violates this personal space, great discomfort and awkwardness can be created. What to do? Take a step back or sideways.Personal Zone (2’-4’) —This is the distance for interaction with good friends, family, social gatherings, or parties. It's an easy and relaxed space for talking, shaking hands, gesturing, laughing and making faces. Social Zone (4’-12') —This zone seems to be an appropriate distance for casual friends, colleagues, and acquaintances to interact. It is the comfortable distance we maintain while interacting or addressing large groups of people.Public Zone (over 12’) —This is the distance we keep from strangers or persons with little acquaintance. It provides the greatest distance between people. This is a safe space that still allows us to experience community and belonging with new people.
Andrew Kadziolka|When you didn't force yourself to think in formal reconstructions, when you didn't catch these moments of ravishments under the lens of premises and conclusions, when you didn't impale them and label them, like so many splayed butterflies, bleeding the transcendental glow right out of them, then... what?
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|The secret of the whole matter is that a habit is not the mere tendency to repeat a certain act, nor is it established by the mere repetition of the act. Habit is a fixed tendency to react or respond in a certain way to a given stimulus; and the formation of habit always involves the two elements, the stimulus and the response or reaction. The indolent lad goes to school not in response to any stimulus in the school itself, but to the pressure of his father's will; when that stimulus is absent, the reaction as a matter of course does not occur.
J.B. McGee, Broken|You look…” he shook his head looking her up and down, “You look delicious. If I don’t get you out of here, I’m going to devour you like it’s my birthday, and you’re my cake.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Power of prayer, serenity for the soul.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|The truth is that every intelligent man, as you know, dreams of being a gangster and of ruling over society by force alone. As it is not so easy as the detective novels might lead one to believe, one generally relies on politics and joins the cruelest party.What does it matter, after all, if by humiliating one's mind one succeeds in dominating every one? I discovered in myself sweet dreams of oppression.
Izey Victoria Odiase|3 Types of People You Will Encounter. Those who:1) Promise and Deliver,2) Under-promise and Over-deliver,3) Over-promise and Under-deliver.
Richard Smyth, Wild Ink|There are too many years around this table, too much time confined in one place.
Amy Leigh Mercree|True love begins when you accept yourself in your totality. Then, and only then, can you completely love another.
Paul Rand, Paul Rand: A Designer's Art|The artist is a collector of things imaginary or real. He accumulates things with the same enthusiasm that a little boy stuffs his pockets. The scrap heap and the museum are embraced with equal curiosity. He takes snapshots, makes notes and records impressions on tablecloths or newspapers, on backs of envelopes or matchbooks. Why one thing and not another is part of the mystery, but he is omnivorous.
Kevin Hosey|The winged human glanced towards Retina briefly. “It’s okay Dr. Blade. Scientists should never be blown away from the nature of facts.” Roma smiled. “And by scientists, are you one?” “That is dependent on your opinion Dr. Hill. I’m well versed by Dr. Sangha.” Roma moved towards him, narrowing his eyes. “It is my opinion that no respectable scientist will allow himself to be a subject of ridicule by turning in his human DNA to become a freak, a beast or whatever the hell it is you think you are.” The winged human was unaffected. “I’m sure Dr. Hill that freak or beast doesn’t apply.” Roma drew his head back slightly, studying the demeanor of the winged human. “What’s your name?” “I’m Seganus,” he replied humbly. Roma moved a little closer to him wearing a deep frown. “You don’t think the word freak or beast applies?” “No. I don’t think so.” “Is that the carnivorous beaks of the Titanis Walleri I see on you?” “No.” “Can you hold the 360 Degrees field of view of the Woodcock.” “No.” “The long bills of the Australian Pelican?”“No.” “Do you lay the large eggs of the Ostrich?”“Dr. Hill,” Retina cautioned. Lorenzo seemed amused by the situation. He was smiling.“No,” Seganus replied. Roma continued. “Then you’ll say you don’t have those qualities birds posses?”“No.” “You’ll say you’re human?” Seganus blinked before he spoke. “Yes.” Roma moved closer to him. “Then why the freaks are you wearing wings?
Marty Rubin|Black people are not the descendants of kings. We are—and I say this with big pride—the progeny of slaves. If there’s any majesty in our struggle, it lies not in fairy tales but in those humble origins and the great distance we’ve traveled since. Ditto for the dreams of a separate but noble past. Cosby’s, and much of black America’s, conservative analysis flattens history and smooths over the wrinkles that have characterized black America since its inception.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|If you plan for failure, then you are expecting to fail. If you plan for success, you’ll be successful. Once you start making a ‘Plan B’, you distract from ‘Plan A’, and the moment you start believing there are other options, you start settling for less.
Sunday Adelaja|I felt his voice. Fingers rubbing moss. Smoke curling. Wood worn and smoothed over time. His voice had darkness in it that hovered close to the ground, like a mist hanging over a lake deep in a forest at dusk. A bolt of sea-green velvet. A sensation as much as a series of sounds. It reverberated inside me.
ZIZEK|Pure sex is masturbation with a real partner who functions as a prop for our indulging in fantasies, while it is only through love that we can reach the … Other.
Honoré de Balzac, The Atheist’s Mass|A painless lesson is one without any meaning, one who does not sacrifice anything cannot achieve anything.
Jeane Westin, His Last Letter: Elizabeth I and the Earl of Leicester|Like her father, Bess never forgot a hurt of a service.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever sees the Saviour, the light of life, shall be satisfied in spirit.
Barbara Marciniak, Family of Light: Pleiadian Tales and Lessons in Living|Many of you would like to take evil and step on it, destroying it like you would a bug. Squish, smash! Begone into another reality! This practice of eliminating human life because it is perceived as evil does you no good. In the end your history and experience are filled with war of one kind or another; humans fighting one another for the right to speak their truth and share their perception.And one human or another is always wanting to suppress someone else's ideas, someone else's thinking.
Harold Eugene Edgerton|Work like hell, tell everyone everything you know, close a deal with a handshake, and have fun.
Julian Gough, Juno & Juliet|Love, I thought to myself abstractedly. Not 'This is love' or 'Is this love?' Not a sentence, not a certainty, not a thought with moving parts or direction. Just love, all of it, as it is. Whether it's enough or not. Wthether it's real or we're making it up. However shoddy it gets, or bent out of shape. It's still extraordinary. However foolish, however vain. However badly it ends. Love.
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|Shocking loss isn't to be shared, no matter how hard you try.
Ron Baratono|Welcome to the ‘Age of Influence,’ where anyone can build an audience and effect change, advocate brands, build relationships and make a difference.
Adrienne Rich|The lie [of compulsory female heterosexuality] is many-layered. In Western tradition, one layer—the romantic—asserts that women are inevitably, even if rashly and tragically, drawn to men; that even when that attraction is suicidal (e. g, Tristan and Isolde, Kate Chopin’s ‘The Awakening’) it is still an organic imperative. In the tradition of the social sciences it asserts that primary love between the sexes is ‘normal,’ that women need men as social and economic protectors, for adult sexuality, and for psychological completion; that the heterosexually constituted family is the basic social unit; that women who do not attach their primary intensity to men must be, in functional terms, condemned to an even more devastating outsiderhood than their outsiderhood as women.
Deepak Chopra, The Soul of Leadership: Unlocking Your Potential for Greatness|Awareness ultimately has no boundaries. It exists in this world but endlessly goes beyond it. The world's great wisdom traditions all derive from a higher reality that is indescribable but can be experienced. This is the greatest wonder and source of awe. As the ancient Indian sages declare, “This isn't knowledge that you learn. It's knowledge that you become.” When you fully absorb this insight, you know what it means to transcend. You don't need to travel anywhere; all of reality exists in you. You exemplify wholeness because you are united with everything and everyone around you. You exist to demonstrate that human beings can reach the infinite, and by simply being who you are, you help others get there.
Deyth Banger|As sonner began as sooner finished... the guilt is after you. I feel it, I see it and I smell you have done something..., didn't you??Something bad... isn't it??Tell me... don't be afraid I won't do anything bad... (I will just cut your fingers one by one... on your hands... it will be one bloody night... Then I will start with your legs finger by finger with axe... then I will start removing little from you.... the flesh from you!)
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Marianne had now been brought by degrees, so much into the habit of going out every day, that it was become a matter of indifference to her, whether she went or not: and she prepared quietly and mechanically for every evening's engagement, though without expecting the smallest amusement from any, and very often without knowing, till the last moment, where it was to take her.
Holly Hood, Ink|I thanked the lucky stars for my great metabolism, because Karsen had showed me pictures of her mom once and it was scary the transformation she underwent after popping three kids out. She went from a small, dainty beauty to a giant pineapple blob of a body.
Thomas   Moore|An eternal question about children is, how should we educate them? Politicians and educators consider more school days in a year, more science and math, the use of computers and other technology in the classroom, more exams and tests, more certification for teachers, and less money for art. All of these responses come from the place where we want to make the child into the best adult possible, not in the ancient Greek sense of virtuous and wise, but in the sense of one who is an efficient part of the machinery of society. But on all these counts, soul is neglected.
Dianna Hardy, The Last Dragon|It’s only through the degradation of the soul that you can know who you really are; when all else is stripped away, leaving you bare.” Somehow, his black eyes darkened, the venom in his words more deadly than a viper’s bite. “Let me degrade you, Katherine.
George Orwell|Political language … is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind. One cannot change this all in a moment, but one can at least change one’s own habits, and from time to time one can even, if one jeers loudly enough, send some worn-out and useless phrase – some jackboot, Achilles’ heel, hotbed, melting pot, acid test, veritable inferno or other lump of verbal refuse – into the dustbin where it belongs.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|The girl had a special way of saying “anything”. The gods had blessed her voice with a special monopoly. It delivered an acoustic chocolate that was laced with all flavours of euphoria. The substance led to surges in testosterone in all types of men, including the average botanist. “Anything.” The way she handled the word endowed it with so many possibilities. Professor Khupe decided to investigate how many of these Ketiwe would let him explore. To his delight the parameters of the word had proven to be quite elastic.
Rudyard Kipling|How good is good enough,since you are only good for your selfishness.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|He is not admiring the colours of the earth and sky, the marks of the wind on the sea, the gilded clouds of twilight; they are the objects of his meditation.
Scott Douglas|When you are growing up there are two institutional places that affect you most powerfully: the church, which belongs to God, and the public library, which belongs to you.
Janet Mock, Redefining Realness: My Path to Womanhood, Identity, Love  So Much More|I've been alone since my mom met Scott.He sucked the nectar from her heartlike a famished butterfly. No nurture,no nourishment left for Kristina.A vacation is a poor substitutefor love.
Chad Sugg|I don't care to be pretty," Blue shot back hotly, "I care to look on the outside like I look on the inside.
Felix Long, To Conquer Heaven|The two seasons; deepest winter from above and nascent spring from below, created a juxtaposition that drew the scene into the land of legend sitting only a heartbeat away behind a translucent river of time.
Natalya Vorobyova|Every year, when we finished Gatsby, I read the last page aloud. Also, every year, I wept... I almost looked forward to it. Crying once a year is probably necessary... it was involuntary, almost external, like being rained on, a nourishment, and it made me glad that I could feel that deeply, or had once.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|In healthy churches, the pastors life, not just his words, sets the tone for the church.
Voltaire, Candide|A fondness for roving, for making a name for themselves in their onw country, and for boasting of what they had seen in their travels, was so strong in our two wanderers, that they resolved to be no longer happy; and demanded permission of the king to leave the country.
John Niven|I've never studied the classics, but I'd like to. My teacher offered to show me how the Greeks were able to sculpt someone perfectly. From there, you can go off and experiment - sort of like jazz. Once you learn to play anything, you can break the form and go and do something even bigger.
Rosmarie Waldrop, Lawn of Excluded Middle|Why do we fear the dark as unavoidable defeat when it alone is constant, and we'd starve if it stopped watering the lawn of dreams.
Marguerite Kaye, The Widow and the Sheikh|It is terrifyingly beautiful," Julia said softly.	"Terrifying?"	"Nature at its most beautiful and most lethal. It is like standing on the edge of one of those lakes in Switzerland, so blue and so calm and so deep and so dangerous. You have the overwhelming urge to plunge in, even though you know the cold will kill you. This desert - your desert - it makes me want to walk into it and keep walking. You probably think I'm being ridiculously fanciful."	"I would not have put it in those words, but they are exactly how I feel about Qaryma. Terrifyingly beautiful.
Priyanka Chopra|Art is collaboration: we are artists all over the world. I believe that people are always going to watch Hindi films... that's never going to die, but I think it's amazing that collaborations like that are happening.
Daren Colbert|You wish you could’ve learned to play piano. You wish you could’ve started drawing when you were young. You wish you could’ve figured out who you wanted to be before you graduated college. You wish you could’ve learned to love yourself sooner. Well you know what? You didn’t. And that’s just something you’re going to have to learn to deal with. But just because you didn’t do it sooner, doesn’t mean you can’t start now.
Juli Zeh, Spieltrieb|Seit wir den Glauben und damit die Wahrheit verloren haben, liegt zwischen Heuchelei und Ehrlichkeit der letzte Unterschied, der uns bleibt.
Anthony Doerr, About Grace|When walls creates skies for us, birds that fly higher reminds us that the sky is not the limit
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|A good therapy helps you develop a sense of irony about your life so that when you start to repeat old and unhelpful patterns, something within you says, "There you go again; let's call this to a halt. You can do something different." Often the first step toward doing something different is developing the capacity to not act, to stay still and reflect.
Benoît Duteurtre, The Little Girl and the Cigarette|She wanted me to remember that pleasure is political--for the capacity to relax and play renews the spirit and makes it possible for us to come to the work of writing clearer, ready for the journey. (bell hooks about Toni Cade Bambara)
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|As accurate as a blind man pissing during an earthquake.”“Wow...,” I breathed.She frowned 
Saint Ignatius|I wake up every day inspiring myself, because God gave me life.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Historically, techniques to attain altered states of consciousness, usually called meditation, or sometimes prayer, actually involve various forms of concentration, the first level of this kind of internal work. The linear scale of progression is Concentration, then Meditation, and finally Contemplation. Virtually all categories of meditation are, in actuality, forms of concentration. What makes them so are the innate “goals” or ambitions attached to them: to achieve a state or to acquire something, like relaxation, insight or “advancement.” This then constructs a dichotomy, or dualism, between the pursuer and the thing pursued. That is, you are conscious of or believe in something “better,” you are separate from it, and there is effort to attain it.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Well, I am happy, and I won't fret, but it does seem as if the more one gets the more one wants…
Philip Yancey|To some, the image of a pale body glimmering on a dark night whispers of defeat. What good is a God who does not control his Son's suffering? But another sound can be heard: the shout of a God crying out to human beings, "I LOVE YOU." Love was compressed for all history in that lonely figure on the cross, who said that he could call down angels at any moment on a rescue mission, but chose not to - because of us. At Calvary, God accepted his own unbreakable terms of justice.Any discussion of how pain and suffering fit into God's scheme ultimately leads back to the cross. 
Shannon Hale, Princess Academy|Look no farther than your hand,Make a choice and take a stand.
Laura Kreitzer, Abyss|There was an image in my mind—an expectation of what it would be like when I finally gave myself fully to a man. It wasn’t like this. It was always at night with candles flickering lazily, music filling the air with a sexy melody, and maybe a bubble bath. But no. It was infinitely better, and there was no froo froo, stereotypical scene that played out. It was incredible. Brilliant. Amazing. Indescribable, really. Like all the planets in the galaxy aligned for a perfect moment in time. As if this was the beginning of time. From now until the rest of eternity, everything finally had meaning.
Susan Sontag|However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure.
Anonymous|The last year of her college career was wheeling slowly round. She could see ahead her examination and her departure. She had the ash of disillusion gritting under her teeth. Would the next move turn out the same? Always the shining doorway ahead; and then, upon approach, always the shining doorway was a gate into another ugly yard, dirty and active and dead. Always the crest of the hill gleaming ahead under heaven: and then, from the top of the hill only another sordid valley full of amorphous, squalid activity.
A.J. Jacobs, The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible|If you have been in the vicinity of the sacred - ever brushed against the holy - you retain it more in your bones than in your head; and if you haven’t, no description of the experience will ever be satisfactory.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|In my client who had confessed her “alien abduction” experience, an alter had been instructed that if she began to remember the ritual abuse she was to remember the alien abduction, so that nobody would believe her account of the ritual abuse. This program did not work with us, but you can imagine the larger consequences of such a ruse.p55
Larry Kramer, Faggots|Of the 2,639,857 faggots in the New York city area, 2,639,857 think primarily with their cocks.You didn't know that the cock was a thinking organ?Well, by this time, you should know that it is.
Clare Balding|We need to look to our laurels a bit with television in this country. I don't think enough risks are being taken in drama television in the U.K., and I think a lot of programme makers are underestimating the intelligence of the viewing public, basing it all on ratings.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|In short, the right given to one man to inflict corporal punishment on another is one of the ulcers of society, one of the most powerful destructive agents of every germ and every budding attempt at civilization, the fundamental cause of its certain and irretrievable destruction.
Erik Pevernagie|If I lie to you, it's either because I'm scared of you or scared of losing you.
Abhijit Naskar|The greatest Church is within you, and it is made of love, courage and conscience.
Katie Reus, Chasing Danger|So how many tattoos do you have exactly?" she asked as Travis met her at the front of her car. It was a question she'd been dying to ask but she couldn't believe she'd just blurted it out all of a sudden. What was it about this man that made her so nervous that she spoke before she thought? 	He'd been blowing on the top of the travel mug that she'd let him use, but he stopped and faced her, his eyes darkening. "I'll let you find out on your own." There was a sensual note in his voice that she felt all the way to her toes.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Love, and you shall be loved.
Faye E. Robinson|Life is the greatest author of us all, for it writes the very best and very worst of all tales & stories...
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
John Bellairs, The Face in the Frost|He had taken the precaution of closing the inside shutters of the only window, and his staff, though it leaned lightly on the door, was capable of keeping out anyone who did not want to smash his way in with an ax.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|Why is it the songs all end with the good people winning, but in life they don't?"They don't make songs when the good lose," I muttered. "They make war chants against the bad. So there won't be any songs for us.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|His hands are holding my cheeks, and he pulls back just to look me in the eye and his chest is heaving and he says, "I think," he says, "my heart is going to explode," and I wish, more than ever, that I knew how to capture moments like these and revisit them forever. Because this.This is everything.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America|But Jesus makes his appearance here only as a corpse; the living man, the wine-guzzling vagrant and precocious socialist, is never once mentioned, nor anything he ever had to say. Christ crucified rules, and it may be that the true business of modern Christianity is to crucify him again and again so that he can never get a word out of his mouth.
Avril Carruthers, Freedom from Toxic Relationships: Moving On from the Family, Work, and Relationship Issues That Bring You Down|RedheadAll over the houseStrands of copper hairLike filaments from a cobwebCollect.If you and IWere ever to part— For months, perhaps years,I’d be combing out,Brushing or picking upStrands of significance,Traces of youIn my life
Jessica Khoury, Origin|In Confucian thought, individuals practice moral virtue both by restraining themselves and pursuing their own interests. This is a dual push-and-pull process. In today’s China, the latter is taken care of by capitalism and commerce. The former, however, needs to be taken care of by the rule of law. Otherwise, the system of governance is corrupted by unrestrained individual desires and selective enforcement of ‘virtue’ or law.
Chip Kidd, The Cheese Monkeys|If you babble enneagram, I am a five. If you boast myers-briggs, I am an introvert-intuition-thinking-perceiving.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|But I don’t understand. Why do you want me to think that this is great architecture? He pointed to the picture of the Parthenon.That, said the Dean, is the Parthenon.- So it is.- I haven’t the time to waste on silly questions.- All right, then. - Roark got up, he took a long ruler from the desk, he walked to the picture. - Shall I tell you what’s rotten about it?- It’s the Parthenon! - said the Dean.- Yes, God damn it, the Parthenon!The ruler struck the glass over the picture.- Look,- said Roark. - The famous flutings on the famous columns – what are they there for? To hide the joints in wood – when columns were made of wood, only these aren’t, they’re marble. The triglyphs, what are they? Wood. Wooden beams, the way they had to be laid when people began to build wooden shacks. Your Greeks took marble and they made copies of their wooden structures out of it, because others had done it that way. Then your masters of the Renaissance came along and made copies in plaster of copies in marble of copies in wood. Now here we are, making copies in steel and concrete of copies in plaster of copies in marble of copies in wood. Why?
Edward Witten|For most entertainers, there is a single experience, one defining moment, when confidence replaces the self-doubt that most of us wrestle with.
Christine Stovell, Move Over Darling|Screw you, cowboy!” she yelled after him, saying the word exactly as she had before. “And that horse you rode in on.”And—Whoops!—now everyone in the diner had turned to look at them.Zane turned around to her with amusement on his face. “Very original, princess.
Coco J. Ginger|Bittersweet? No, just bitter, the taste of your tongue.Words you can’t have back, so they linger.
James Russell Lowell|There are times when you see how ridiculous is this life, how ludicrous it is, you know, leaving your house every morning and being followed by paparazzi.
Laura Wasser|'The Taxi Ride,' from my second album, is one people want to hear a lot. I'm consciously trying to walk on the sunny side of the street, to really lift myself into a place of greater positivity, and that's a sad song.
Bella Swann, The Claiming of Af, the Angel of Light|I am an Angel of the Light. You should not be touching my sweet, innocent flesh this way. I am a Vessel of Purity, undefiled by the pleasures of the flesh.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|As a writer, I do not treat writing merely as a profession but more of as my "calling" and my way of life. In every waking hour and even in my deep sleep, creativity and imagination crawls through my inner core. Anyone can write but not everybody can capture that crystalline moment when magic unfolds and casts a spell on her readers." - Author/Poet Elizabeth Esguerra Castillo
Richard P. Feynman|Experience has everywhere shown us, and especially in the Philippines, that the classes which are better off have always been addicted to peace and order because they live comparatively better and may be the losers in civil disturbances.
Greg Anderson|Dreams can still come true; you need a great deal of energy and determination, and a little bit of luck.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|It is life, I think, to watch the water. A man can learn so many things.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|They flew high above savanna grassland. The sky was the deep cornflower blue of a sunny late afternoon on Earth…exactly the color of a sunny late afternoon on Earth.Only there was no sun. Whatever was lighting this planet, it wasn’t a star.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Living Buddha, Living Christ|If you love someone but rarely make yourself available to him or her, that is not true love.
Nikki Rowe|Have you ever met someone for the first time but feel like you've known them all your life, a sense of déjàvu and synchronicity wrapped into one little motherf*cking mystery to untangle the way our lives are ruled by logic. I have and my life has never been the same since.
Mimi Novic, The Silence Between the Sighs|Once we learn the beautiful language of love, we may understand the language of everyone's heart
|Stop seeking advice from bitter people, because they would for the most part contribute to making your situation worse.
Rich Okun, The Sun, the Moon, the Stars and Maya: A Collection of Little Sayings about Enormous Things.|it takes a village to build success in publishing a book - it takes friends that are willing to help - it takes hours upon hours of no's to get to a yes, it takes many twists and turns with seemingly no end to the detours, it takes courage to face the unknowns - it takes and it takes and it takes - But then, like a flower opening its blossom - it gives.........
George Eliot|I feel lost and confused, but happy and certain. I am like a ball of tangled yarn. The parts that are untangled are available, useable; the rest is a mess, useless until it is untied. That mess feels endless and at most times unyielding.
Os Hillman, Today God Is First: 365 Meditations on Christ Kingdom Principles in the Workplace|God often uses failure to make us useful. When Jesus called the disciples, He did not go out and find the most qualified and successful people. He found the most willing, and He found them in the workplace. He found a fisherman, a tax collector, and a farmer. The Hebrews knew that failure was a part of maturing in God. The Greeks used failure as a reason for disqualification. Sadly, in the Church, we often treat one another in this way. This is not God's way. We need to understand that failing does not make us failures. It makes us experienced. It makes us more prepared to be useful in God's Kingdom -- if we have learned from it. And that is the most important ingredient for what God wants in His children.
Oswald Chambers|I had more to say,” Sin said, still looking frustrated. “But it doesn’t come out right when I try. I always say the wrong things.”Boyd nodded but he was so caught by their proximity, by the green of Sin’s eyes, that at first he struggled with his own words.“It’s alright,” he said at last. “As long you don’t hate me, it’s enough.”“That is not enough,” Sin growled. “Not by a goddamn long shot. You just have no idea, Boyd. No fucking clue.”“About what?”“Everything. Why I acted the way I did…Why I was so pissed off. It will never make any sense to you because I don’t know how to explain.”“So try,” Boyd pressed. “Please.”“I don’t know how.
J.D. Robb, Innocent in Death|No. No, I don't believe you'd betray me with her. I don't believe you'd cheat on me. But I'm afraid, and I'm sick in my heart that you might look at her, then at me. And regret.
Christian Rudder, Dataclysm: Who We Are|Politics, like insurance, security, pharmaceutical and religious institutions all work the same. They sell the idea of a threat along with the antidote. Marketing 101.
Lu Wei|Putting forward your positive energy connects you back to basic human values which we all share. Good Deeds Day shows that no matter the size of the gesture, a smile that brightens someone else's day or volunteering in your community, we can all take active part in making a difference.
Madeleine L'Engle|No long-term marriage is made easily, and there have been times when I've been so angry or so hurt that I thought my love would never recover. And then, in the midst of near despair, something has happened beneath the surface. A bright little flashing fish of hope has flicked silver fins and the water is bright and suddenly I am returned to a state of love again — till next time. I've learned that there will always be a next time, and that I will submerge in darkness and misery, but that I won't stay submerged. And each time something has been learned under the waters; something has been gained; and a new kind of love has grown. The best I can ask for is that this love, which has been built on countless failures, will continue to grow. I can say no more than that this is mystery, and gift, and that somehow or other, through grace, our failures can be redeemed and blessed.
Tom Wolfe, The Bonfire of the Vanities|Sir Gerald Moore: I was at dinner last evening, and halfway through the pudding, this four-year-old child came alone, dragging a little toy cart. And on the cart was a fresh turd. Her own, I suppose. The parents just shook their heads and smiled. I've made a big investment in you, Peter. Time and money, and it's not working. Now, I could just shake my head and smile. But in my house, when a turd appears, we throw it out. We dispose of it. We flush it away. We don't put it on the table and call it caviar.
Gloria Vanderbilt, The Rainbow Comes and Goes: A Mother and Son On Life, Love, and Loss|Years ago I asked my friend, the great actress Ruth Gordon, to articulate in a few words the secret to her indomitable, unsinkable spirit. Her reply was a gift that became a mantra for me:“It takes courage.It takes believing in it.It takes work.It takes rising above it.It takes me liking you, and you liking me.It takes the dreaming soul of the human race that wants it to go right.Never stop dreaming.Think about it.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|One of the characters in our story, Gavril Ardalionovitch Ivolgin, belonged to the other category; he belonged to the category of "much cleverer" people; though head to toe he was infected with the desire to be original. But this class of person, as we have observed above, is far less happy than the first. The difficulty is that the intelligent "ordinary" man, even if he does imagine himself at times (and perhaps all his life) a person of genius and originality, nevertheless retains within his heart a little worm of doubt, which sometimes leads the intelligent man in the end to absolute despair. If he does yield in this belief, he is still completely poisoned with inward-driven vanity.
Jennifer Crusie, Getting Rid Of Bradley|You could say we run a dating service. If you make a request, we can hook you up with some books that will take you on a date you will never forget.
Mel Brooks|Luck is not chance, it's toil; fortune's expensive smile is earned.
Joe Biden|My mom has a rare talent for being able to open up the refrigerator, and with the peas, the leftover eggs, the cream, the spinach, the cheese, and a little rice, she can just whip up incredible risotto.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I didnt pay atteniton to times or distance, instead focusing on how it felt just to be in motion, knowing it wasn't about the finish line but how I got there that mattered.
Muhammad Ali|I hate the hand that comes out of a car and just drops litter in the street. I hate that! For some reason, it just fills me with fury! It's just utter laziness, lack of interest in other people, lack of interest in the planet, in the hedgehog who might eat the plastic bag, it's a lack of concern.
Shannon L. Alder|The heart can bear a tremendous amount of pain and still hold an abundance of happiness. As you experience more of life's intense pleasures and extreme depths of despair, you will learn just what the heart can hold.
Ann Aguirre, The Queen of Bright and Shiny Things|You can lie to yourself about all kinds of things. Until you can't, anymore. Until reality pounds a hole through your fantasy castle and the reality check must be cashed in.
Imam Al-Shafii an 18th century Muslim jurist|The happiest people on earth are not those who have robust bank accounts, or all the good things in this world; but, they are those who truly embrace the attitude of gratitude. Some of these folks are poor, but are still very grateful for the little they have; for the peace of mind they enjoy, for the love in their lives, for the unity in their family and for all the ordinary things many people take for granted. They always focused, not on the things they are aspiring for, but for all the things God has used to bless their lives.
Tabby Biddle, Find Your Voice: A Woman's Call to Action|When girls see women in leadership roles speaking out for what they believe in, they see it is possible for them, too. Instead of a faraway dream, their aspirations become real, concrete and achievable. Womanhood starts to look more inviting.
Amy Tan, The Bonesetter's Daughter|Realism without naturalism... is a leading motif in Modern Art. There is a move away from the struggle to perfect the reflection of Nature in Art's mirror, which I attribute to the all-pervading effects of photography...You must serve the tradition without being its slave. Remember you are an artist, not a draughtsman.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|No matter how challenging the ensuing process may become at times, the inner light and love in the human heart always has the power to dispel darkness and ignorance.
Junot Díaz|You guys know about vampires? … You know, vampires have no reflections in a mirror? There’s this idea that monsters don’t have reflections in a mirror. And what I’ve always thought isn’t that monsters don’t have reflections in a mirror. It’s that if you want to make a human being into a monster, deny them, at the cultural level, any reflection of themselves. And growing up, I felt like a monster in some ways. I didn’t see myself reflected at all. I was like, “Yo, is something wrong with me? That the whole society seems to think that people like me don’t exist?" And part of what inspired me, was this deep desire that before I died, I would make a couple of mirrors. That I would make some mirrors so that kids like me might see themselves reflected back and might not feel so monstrous for it.
Rachel Carson|I like to define biology as the history of the earth and all its life — past, present, and future. To understand biology is to understand that all life is linked to the earth from which it came; it is to understand that the stream of life, flowing out of the dim past into the uncertain future, is in reality a unified force, though composed of an infinite number and variety of separate lives.
Neil Gaiman, M Is for Magic|Stories you read when you're the right age never quite leave you. You may forget who wrote them or what the story was called. Sometimes you'll forget precisely what happened, but if a story touches you it will stay with you, haunting the places in your mind that you rarely ever visit.
Rosalind E. Krauss, The Originality of the Avant-Garde and Other Modernist Myths|In its confounding of the logic that maintains terms like high and low, or base and sacred as polar opposites, it is this play of the contradictory that allows one to think the truth that Bataille never tired of demonstrating: that violence has historically been lodged at the heart of the sacred; that to be genuine, the very thought of the creative must simultaneously be an experience of death; and that it is impossible for any moment of true intensity to exist apart from a cruelty that is equally extreme.
Eileen Anglin|Where there is poverty and ignorance, there will be suffering, cruelty, corruption and intolerance.We must change everything and focus on education and empowering lives. Start in your own town and you will be a part of the changes you want to see happen in the world.
Cynthia Ozick, The Din in the Head|Get thee to the novel! - the novel, that word-woven submarine, piloted by intimation and intuition, that will dive you to the deeps of the heart's maelstrom.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Oh God, teach us thy truth.
Louise Glück|The Offing - And if the sky itself, no matter its hue, were to fracture... What then? Would I then know freedom's name?In my wake lies the shore—a past where I had been happy—refusing to yield to the tide. Before me, upon the horizon, is the sun... hesitant... inert... A new day cannot rise if its ancestor does not fall. Am I but a pawn in this game? I cannot command the sun to set, nor will the moon to take its place and wash the shore away. That power belongs to kings.To drown in the offing. Such sovereign beauty. Such exquisite pain.
John D. Roth, Beliefs: Mennonite Faith and Practice|From the very beginning of the movement in the sixteenth century, Anabaptists shared a deep suspicion of the so-called Schriftgelehrten - the university-trained scholars who, they claimed artfully dodged the clear and simple teachings of Jesus by appealing to complex arguments and carefully crafted statements of doctrine. In other words, they confused theological discussions with lived faith.
Ron White|I believe when life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade...and try to find someone whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.
Steve Jobs|Many of our own people here in this country do not ask about computers, telephones and television sets. They ask - when will we get a road to our village.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I guess it's funny how life turns out?" she tried. "Not last I checked," Errol said with a snort.
Twizzy Young|I don't bless people because I don't wanna. I do it because that's what kind of person I am. It's almost like i can't resist." ― Sage Canny
Lisa Shearin, The Grendel Affair|He does seem rather taken with you,” Jacques said, almost sending Ignatius off bleating with laughter. The man sounded quite perplexed and put out that the horseman had chosen another over him.“The same could be said of you,” Ignatius reminded him, thinking of a forced seduction by chicken.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|To be a STAR, you must shine your own light,follow your own path and don’t worry about the darkness,for that, is when stars shine brightest
James S.A. Corey|War without end. Well, what was history without that? And how would having the stars change anything?
E'yen A. Gardner, Love Letters|The key is to forgive and let go of the hate, but never forget. Never forget so that you can protect yourself in the future. We can't always avoid everything and everyone who would hurt us--for that would be avoiding life. But we can be smarter..We can choose not to ignore the signs, for there are always signs.
Kazue Kato, Blue Exorcist, Vol. 9|No, but I mean do you like him? You know, in the carnal sense."I rolled my eyes. "You've clearly been spending too much time with Dex.
Debasish Mridha|We are not here to fear, we are here to hope and dreams to win the world.
Tanya Gambhir|I am tired of all my emotionsI am tired of all your emotions,I don't want you to leaveI know you can't stay,I need you as much as you need me,But you need to walk awayand I need to watch you leave~
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Fear of a bully, fear of a volcano; the power within you does not distinguish. It does not recognize degree.
Sunday Adelaja|If Jesus Christ is your Lord and Savior, if the Holy Spirit lives in you, then God guarantees your success
Auliq-Ice|Together, life can bloom into something unimaginable!
Kelli Swofford Nielsen, Journey to the Fringe|Learn from the past, he said. Remember it and realize that in a way it is responsible for making you who you are. But also realize that the only you who really matters is who you are right now. That is the you who has the ability to act, to change lives, to do something monumental, and to influence the future you.
Darynda Jones, The Curse of Tenth Grave|Should I leave you two alone?" he asked, changing the subject."He's taken," I said, accepting the fact that forgiving himself was something Reyes didn't do. "Osh. By someone very special.""And who might that be?"This might be a little hard for him to swallow. Tact was definitely in order. Or I could just blurt it out and watch his expression go from content to disbelief to horror to a bristly, murderous kind of fury. I chose door number two. "He's destined to be with our daughter."Reyes's expression slowly changed from content to disbelief to horror to a bristly, murderous kind of fury. "Oh, hell, no." He shot to his feet. "A Daeva? Are you fucking kidding me?"Just like a dad."Yes, a Daeva. But I wouldn't dismiss him so offhandedly."He whirled around and scowled. Not really at me. Just in general. "What do you mean?"I pressed one corner of my mouth together in thought. "Okay, you know how I was the grim reaper all of my life, then suddenly I'm also this god from another dimension? And how you're the son of Satan all your life, then suddenly you're a god from this dimension? Who does that? Our lives are so weird. I think that maybe Osh is something else, too." I traced one of the dark lines on his face. "I think there's more than meets the eye. I see greatness in him, Reyes. I see a power beyond our imaginings. I see him giving his life for our daughter.""Oh." He sat back down, satisfied. "As long as he dies in the end.
Murray Kempton|What do women do when they get together? We sit around and talk! Men, not so much. My theory is that this difference is genetic and dates back to the hunter-gatherer societies, when the men had to be quiet as they hunted, lest they scare away the bison and then everyone starved to death and it was all their fault.
Jacqueline Ripstein, The Art of HealingArt: The Keys to Power and Awareness|Harboring anger, hatred and resentment within you, is containing the venom within you. You are the only one affected...
Dada Bhagwan|If you want to travel on the path of moksha (ultimate liberation), ‘You’ (the Self) do not have to ‘do’ anything. And if you want to wander in the worldly life, ‘You’ have to ‘do’ everything.
Richard Dawkins|To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them.
Christopher Bollas, The Infinite Question|Why we ask questions: Questions are the basis of human freedom. Our mind, as a part of our  self experience, is curious and always challenging that part of us that can think about the essence of things. We interpret our lives all the time - with unconscious deep conceptualization - and these conceptualization raise questions.Why did I feel the way I felt yesterday when I spoke with X? What is the meaning of my answer? Why I chose to spend time in X's company and not Y's? And how it changed my attitude toward Y?(Interesting paragraph I translated from the Hebrew edition)
Kate Lattey, Dream On|Everyone's pain is relative. We've learned how to deal with grief, because we've had to. But Bree hasn't. And our grief was shared, because we all felt it at the same time. She had to deal with hers alone.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 10|OY! Stop playing around and lets cook already!"*smack*J-just now, that made a really loud noise.."Do you wanna hear it again?"N-no, you'll just hit me again!"Kyo and Tohru
Noor Iskandar|Carve your own adventure, bloom your own romance, thread your own signs
Nicholas Murray Butler|This world, for aught he knows, is very faulty and imperfect, compared to a superior standard; and was only the first rude essay of some infant deity, who afterwards abandoned it, ashamed of his lame performance: it is the work only of some dependent, inferior deity; and is the object of derision to his superiors: it is the production of old age and dotage in some superannuateddeity; and ever since his death, has run on at adventures, from the first impulse and active force which it received from him.
William James, The Principles of Psychology|Rock art sites were symbolic vaginas, and entry into the wall of a rock art site was thus akin to intercourse.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Life is a misery, death an uncertainty. Suppose it steals suddenly upon me, in what state shall I leave this world? When can I learn what I have here neglected to learn? Or is it true that death will cut off and put an end to all care and all feeling? This is something to be inquired into.But no, this cannot be true. It is not for nothing, it is not meaningless that all over the world is displayed the high and towering authority of the Christian faith. Such great and wonderful things would never have been done for us by God, if the life of the soul were to end with the death of the body. Why then do I delay? Why do I not abandon my hopes of this world and devote myself entirely to the search for God and for the happy life?
Catharine Arnold, Necropolis: London and Its Dead|The Romans feared their dead. In fact, Roman funeral customs derived from a need to propitiate the sensibilities of the departed. The very word funus may be translated as dead body, funeral ceremony, or murder. There was a genuine concern that, if not treated appropriately, the spirits of the dead, or manes, would return to wreak revenge
Henry Rollins|With out art, without communicating, we wouldn't live beyond 30 because we'd be so sad and depressed.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|My heart's with you, Bill, no matter how it turns out. My heart is with all of them, and I think that, even if we forget each other, we'll remember in our dreams.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|Why were we so far apart, even when we were together? It was a nice loneliness, like the sensation of washing your face in cold water.
Julia A. Boyd, In the Company of My Sisters|When we place ourselves in a position of judgment, then we turn ourselves into oppressors. Healthy self-esteem cannot exist side-by-side with oppression of any kind.
Joan Rivers, I Hate Everyone... Starting with Me|My woman has a wandering eye;Yarrow, thyme and thorn.She eyes the ocean and the skyWhile stitching sails, forlorn.I got a kiss, and then a tearAs she bade me go;But on the waves, my heart's in fear:My woman's in the know.
Rudyard Kipling, The Gate of the Hundred Sorrows|All of his (Nanak's) progressive thinking attained absolution at the age of 30, when he had the transcendental experience, quite similar to that of Mohammed and Joan of Arc, that was about to rock the very foundation of orthodox Hinduism in India.
Emma Chase, Tangled|Actions win wars. Actions heal wounds. Not words. Words are cheap. Mine, particularly. -Drew Evans.
Martin Luther King Jr.|If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
Lawrence M. Krauss|The one thing that I want every single child to have experienced at some point in their life, as part of their education, is to have some idea they hold to be true, and at the very basis of their being, proved to be wrong.Because that opens your mind to the realization that the world is different than you thought it would be, and you have to begin to open your mind to the possibilities of existence.And opening your mind frees you, it doesn't constrain you. It makes the world more wonderful, more exciting, and more worth living in.
Jennifer Grant|I'm sure there was some part of his soul was intrinsically happy, but he probably had to go through some permutations to really get that to blossom. I'm sure Dad had his challenges, but I think that joy was there from the beginning and he had to find a way to make his life support that and express that.
Nickolas Butler, Shotgun Lovesongs|No, the safest thing is to become an island. To make your house a citadel against all the garbage and ugliness in the world. How else can you be sure of anything?
Ellen G. White|I was a wife and mother, blameless in moral life, with a deep sense of duty and a proud self-respect; it was while I was this that doubt struck me, and while I was in the guarded circle of the home, with no dream of outside work or outside liberty, that I lost all faith in Christianity.
Sunday Adelaja|I am hearing a more resounding voice in the spirit saying,God is changing the guard in the Nigerian church.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|The mark of Friendship is not that help will be given when the pinch comes (of course it will) but that, having been given, it makes no difference at all.
Dean Ornish|When you're changing your diet, or you're becoming a vegan, your system will become a bit more sensitive, and you just have to deal with it.
Doris Lessing|Oh, I simply can’t think. When I really want to depress myself, I think of all the brilliant men I know, married to their stupid wives. Enough to break your heart, it really is
Donna Grant, Dragon King|All I know is that I like how I feel when I'm with you. I love how protective you are and that you aren't afraid to say you're sorry. I like how you touch me and kiss me. I like how you hold me, but more than anything, I like the possibilities that are before us.""We're in the middle of a war," he warned. She shrugged and ran her hands up his chest and over his shoulders to clasp around his neck. "Every couple has their own issues to get through.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|I’m just sick of ego, ego, ego. My own and everybody else’s. I’m sick of everybody that wants to get somewhere, do something distinguished and all, be somebody interesting. It’s disgusting.
Connie Britton|Just when you think we're living in a little bit of a divided world, music brings us together.
Gwyneth Lewis, Sunbathing In The Rain: A Cheerful Book About Depression|When you're in the middle of your depression, pay good attention to it, because, tended carefully, you never know where it might lead you.
Leon Wieseltier|Cole envisioned the next few weeks passing as a sort of painless montage: there'd be music, and different moments of the townspeople hard at work building a defensive wall around the perimeter of the town, and digging holes to serve as traps, and training with the few weapons they had. There'd be a wiping of perspiration and drinks raised to one another and the exchange of friendly smiles between comrades, and perhaps deeper, more meaningful glances between him and MaryAnn.But by midmorning of the first day, Cole had come to the unavoidable conclusion that the remainder of the experience would in fact drag on in exceedingly real time, with lots of heaving and hoing and digging and hauling under the hot sun, full of the kind of intense straining that raised the danger of a really spectacular hernia. And, judging from the few tense conversations he'd had so far, he foresaw a series of increasingly strident arguments with Nora regarding matters strategic. Plus, of course, at the end of all this effort they'd all probably be dead.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Because inside me is a beast that snarls, and growls, and strains toward freedom.. and as hard as I try, I cannot kill it.
Raymond A. Mar|Just as pilots gain practice with flight simulators, people might acquire social experience by reading fiction.
Shelena Griffiths|Conceit is to be dreaded, but so is cowardice
Barry López, About This Life|Stories do not give instruction, they do not explain how to love a companion or how to find God. They offer, instead, patterns of sound and associations, of event and image. Suspended as listeners and readers in these patterns, we might reimagine our lives. It is through story that we embrace the great breadth of memory, that we can distinguish what is true, and that we may glimpse, at least occasionally, how to live without despair in the midst of the horror that dogs and unhinges us.
Barack Obama|Do you want to be safe and good, or do you want to take a chance and be great?
Madeleine Urban, Cut & Run|What, you didn’t pack your lunch?” Ty asked sarcastically as he shifted around in the seat and wedged himself against the door. He kicked a foot up and propped it on the console between the two front seats. “Sure, in my SpongeBob SquarePants lunch box. I have the thermos, too,” Morrison shot right back. Zane kept his mouth shut, eyes moving between the two men, and occasionally back to the driver, who was casually paying attention. Ty stared at the kid and narrowed his eyes further. “Spongewhat?” he asked flatly. Zane didn’t even try to hold back the chuckle when Morrison looked at Ty like he’d lost his mind. “Spongewha … you’re yanking my chain, aren’t you?” Morrison said. “Henny, he’s yanking my chain.” “Yeah, well, that’s what you getting for waving it in his face,” the driver answered reasonably. “What the hell is a SpongeBob?” Ty asked Zane quietly in the backseat.
Paracelsus|His words had tossed the book that was her life into the air and the pages had been blown into disarray, could never be put back together to tell the same story.
Neil Gaiman, Norse Mythology|Are you ready to be rejoined for all time with your fellow gods? Oh yes, she explained, For not only was he a god, but so were all mortals gods in disguise, divorced from their divine lineage, their true identities, shrouded from their earthly selves. That is what she now revealed to him; He had been one of the rare humans who had not forgotten the connection with his divine self, and had lived like a god his mortal life.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A fish in a bowl thinks to know it all, for it has never seen the ocean.
Tessa Dare, Any Duchess Will Do|I know how mirrors work. They're all in league with the cosmetics trade. They tell a woman lies. Drawing her gaze from one imagined flaw to another, until all she sees is a constellation of imperfections. If you could get outside yourself, borrow my eyes for just an instant... There is only beauty.
Debasish Mridha|Now domestication and sophistication of men by women are the norm and acceptable by society, but they are terrible for manhood.
Shannon L. Alder|When you spend time worrying, you’re simply using your imagination to create things you don’t want.
Bryant A. Loney, Exodus in Confluence|You ought to give up detecting and try fantasy writing, Strike
Jane Fonda|Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes different points of view.
Heraclitus|Insularity is the foundation of ethnocentrism and intolerance; when you only know of those like yourself, it is easy to imagine that you are alone in the world or alone in being good and right in the world. Exposure to diversity, on the contrary, is the basis for relativism and tolerance; when you are forced to face and accept the Other as real, unavoidable, and ultimately valuable, you cannot help but see yourself and your 'truths' in a new - and trouble - way.
Julio Alexi Genao, When You Were Pixels|There are those whose love awakens our own and those whose love undermines. As long as we are blind to this fact, true love will elude us.
Douglas Adams, Last Chance to See|When we told our guide that we didn't want to go to all the tourist places he took us instead to the places where they take tourists who say that they don't want to go to tourist places. These places are, of course, full of tourists.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|When we see marriage as our sole purpose, we find ourselves with nowhere to go when we finally arrive.
Sandip Thapa|If you thinks right the right things, then the right thinks will make the things right.
Andrew Stephen Damick, Orthodoxy and Heterodoxy|There should be as much difference between the worldling and the Christian, as between hell and heaven, between destruction and eternal life.
Yann Martel, Self|You only realise how small your world is, once you start to make it bigger
Jessica Warman, Breathless|My father is an apparition, and my mother is semiconscious.
Olga Núñez Miret, Teamwork|You must have been working very hard here, with so few distractions.”Mary’s eyes darkened and she looked away.“Not quite as much as I hoped for. At times the loneliness and the unanswered questions can get overwhelming, like very loud voices echoing inside my head, just asking ‘why’ ‘who’ and making me think about my wasted life.
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|You call me the unhuman," it might say to him, "and so I really am—for you; but I am so only because you bring me into opposition to the human, and I could despise myself only so long as I let myself be hypnotized into this opposition. I was contemptible because I sought my 'better self' outside me; I was the unhuman because I dreamed of the 'human'; I resembled the pious who hunger for their 'true self' and always remain 'poor sinners'; I thought of myself only in comparison to another; enough, I was not all in all, was not—unique.[102] But now I cease to appear to myself as the unhuman, cease to measure myself and let myself be measured by man, cease to recognize anything above me: consequently—adieu, humane critic! I only have been the unhuman, am it now no longer, but am the unique, yes, to your loathing, the egoistic; yet not the egoistic as it lets itself be measured by the human, humane, and unselfish, but the egoistic as the—unique.
Adriana Trigiani|As much as I value an union of all the states, I would not admit the southern states into the union, unless they agreed to the discontinuance of this disgraceful trade, because it would bring weakness and not strength to the union.
John Bercow|I'm not an agent from any government, even if some of you may not believe it. I'm not. I'm a peacemaker.
Susane Colasanti, When It Happens|We’re never gonna understand women. They’re way too complex. You’ve got too many variables to consider. PMS, bad hair days, miscellaneous mood swings . . . there’s no way to tell what’s causing their attitude. - Mike
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|You’re stupid. First of all, I need for you to know that.” “Uhhh, thanks?” “That is the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard. What could possibly be more romantic than the man of your dreams swooping in like a white knight? This is your fucking fairytale, bitch, and you’re about to let it slip away...” Gina growls in frustration. Add a note
Sam Heughan|My most memorable meal was with my parents at Joel Robuchon's Restaurant Jamin in Paris. It was Christmas 1982, and the flavors - from cauliflower and caviar to crab and tomato - astounded me. It was the first time I remember thinking that I would like to really learn how to cook.
Joan D. Vinge, Catspaw|I stood where they'd left me. I watched them get smaller and smaller as they went down the hallway, leaving me there without a word, not even looking back. Only I was getting smaller and smaller, being swallowed up in the suffocating emptiness of the silent house; so that by the time they came back again, I would have disappeared.
Shoeburn Ruffet, Shoeburn and The Ill-Fitting Necklace|My father was a patient father. He was so patient that when he once saw a sign that read ‘Patient Entrance’ at the Welt Foot Hospital, he drove his automobile incredibly slow.
Thabiso Monkoe, The Azanian|Your biggest obstacle, is the man in the mirror
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: The Science of Popularity in an Age of Distraction|The line from psychologists is, if you’ve seen it before, it hasn’t killed you yet.
Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell|Our relationship, however, soon went awry. Occasionally, something will happen that will change your opinion of someone irrevocably, that wil shatter the ideal you've built up around a person and force you to see them for the fallible and human creature they really are.
SWANSH|She has a fiery soul that cannot be tamed.She has free spirit that cannot be maimed.She moves with the wind and flows with the river.She howls at the moon and smiles at the sun.Just when you think she is finished, she declares, “I’ve just begun.”Like wild flowers, she grows where she decides to push through fallow ground.Like wild fires, she spreads with speed that can’t be drowned.She has mystery in her blood, magic in her touch and regardless of her frameshe can be too much-wild woman.She is not predictable, controllable nor the people pleasing kind.That’s why she is called wild woman and can never be defined.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|Often something looks, or is felt to look, "better" in a photograph. Indeed, it is one of the functions of photography to improve the normal appearance of things. (Hence, one is always disappointed by a photograph that is not flattering.)
Jean-Francois Cope|In the state of Wisconsin it's mandated that teachers in the social sciences and hard sciences have to start giving environmental education by the first grade, through high school.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus|It's one of the worst-kept secrets of family life that all parents have a preferred son or daughter, and the rules for acknowledging it are the same everywhere: The favored kids recognize their status and keep quiet about it - the better to preserve the good thing they've got going and to keep their siblings off their back.
Craig  Stone, Life Knocks|Only one knows, speaks, and lives according to what he has within. One who has the universe within him knows the true meaning of the universe. Living as the will of the universe by becoming the universe is true life.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|You can grow softly, lovely and delicately amidst the hard surfaces. Not all who passed tougher times in life have a hard heart, kindness and tenderness do breathe despite of worse times.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|I'm delighted to tell you that Jesus Christ offers complete and total forgiveness to anyone who will repent and believe on His name. ...There are no sins that He cannot cleanse, and He's promised that they will be gone forever.
Nikki Rowe|The pathway to peace is an in describable journey of facing ones darkness, to find ones light. If they told you it's easier to give up, you met a fool; if they told you; it's easier to grow, you met the wise.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|A solitary, unused to speaking of what he sees and feels, has mental experiences which are at once more intense and less articulate than those of a gregarious man. They are sluggish, yet more wayward, and never without a melancholy tinge. Sights and impressions which others brush aside with a glance, a light comment, a smile, occupy him more than their due; they sink silently in, they take on meaning, they become experience, emotion, adventure. Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.
Joel Osteen|Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|The groups in different areas that were affiliated with us knew one thing for sure, and that is that they could trust and respect the base. When you look at it, people want to know they have someone in their corner for the worst. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
Sarah Micklem, Firethorn|And the cobwebs of timewould surrender,dormant, so that the rainbowsof new eras can emergeDespite the hollownessof you.
Amy Poehler|Dating in highschool was very different. Boys suddenly went up your shirt, girls were expected to give blow jobs and be sexy. You had to be hot, but not a slut. You had to be into sex, but never have it. Except when your boyfriend wanted it. If you had sex you had to keep it a secret, but also be very good at it. Except not too good, because this better be your first time.
Daniel Marques|I've never tried to be famous or become a bestseller, just rich and remembered. The rest is a bonus.
Jen Wang|He [Eugène Rougon] believed exclusively in himself; where another saw reasons, Rougon possessed convictions; he subordinated everything to the incessant aggrandisement of his own ego. Despite being utterly devoid of real self-indulgence, he nevertheless indulged in secret orgies of supreme power.
Kamand Kojouri|Life is a concept, like the “universe", that expands as soon as we reach what we think is its edge.
Heather  Marsh, Binding Chaos: Mass Collaboration on a Global Scale|All ponzi schemes are upheld by a centripetal force caused by those orbiting the circles of power, celebrity and wealth and trying to get in. When the ponzi scheme reaches its point of maximum growth, the force disperses and the ponzi scheme collapses.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|The rest, is silence.
Leo Tolstoy|I don’t know when my time on earth will be up; but I DO know that today, I am one day closer. You can bet I’m going to make this day count! Will you?
Temple Grandin|I think using animals for food is an ethical thing to do, but we've got to do it right. We've got to give those animals a decent life and we've got to give them a painless death. We owe the animal respect.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Let our heart glow when you pray.Let our soul's innermost desire and need flow in silence, gratitude and humble petition.Let our daily prayers be a life attitude not only when we are in trouble but never forgetting to include all others who are also in difficulties.There are times prayers cannot change things for us but we grow and change with faith and strength, patience and serenity with a heart that extends for others.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Busman's Honeymoon|He wanders, like a day-appearing dream,Through the dim wildernesses of the mind; Through desert woods and tracts, which seem Like ocean, homeless, boundless, unconfined.
Tim Burton|Biologically inspired materials could revolutionize materials science. People looking at spider silk and abalone shells are looking for new ways to make materials better, cheaper, and with less toxic byproducts.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|It seemed like a matter of minutes when we began rolling in the foothills before Oakland and suddenly reached a height and saw stretched out ahead of us the fabulous white city of San Francisco on her eleven mystic hills with the blue Pacific and its advancing wall of potato-patch fog beyond, and smoke and goldenness in the late afternoon of time.
John Harington|The Chinese have always enjoyed gambling, and Macau is the only place in Greater China where gambling is legal. So I believe the government understands that there has to be a place for it.
Ellen DeGeneres|I wanted to be the next Dana Carvey. This was my ultimate goal. If I ever cut into a birthday cake and made a wish, I would wish to be on 'Saturday Night Live.' If I threw a coin into a fountain, I would wish to be on 'Saturday Night Live.' If I saw a shooting star, I would wish to be on 'Saturday Night Live.'
Alice Oswald|As far as I am concerned, poetry is a statement concerning the human condition, composed in verse.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Every man should stand under the blue and stars, under the infinite flag of nature, the peer of every other man.
Ally Blake, A Night with the Society Playboy|His own parents, the estimable Gilchrists, a couple who had taken the 'till death' part of their own wedding vows so seriously he wouldn't be surprised if they one day throttled one another, had naturally wangled the next best seat in the house: row two, on the aisle.
Natalie Angier|More often than not, the ideal breast is an invented breast. Decolletage, the tushy breast, is an artifact of clothing. Naked breasts don't dance cheek to cheek--they turn away from each other. Breasts vary in size and shape to an outlandish degree, but they can be whipped into an impressive conformity, and because we are human and we can't leave anything alone, we have whipped away.
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|It will get easier each time, I think. I hope. I just have to keep trying.
Thomas Parker Boyd|The free-will of man cannot impune the sovereignty of God, and conversely the sovereignty of God would not impune the free-will of men".
William L. Lane, The Gospel of Mark|The people come to Jesus, not because they recognized his dignity and function but because it is rumored that a miracle worker has come in their midst. Jesus had come to preach repentance and the nearness of the kingdom but the people think only of relief from pain and affliction.
Munia Khan|When sadness knows the reason of tears, heart prepares to carry the ache for years
Ellie Wade, A Beautiful Kind of Love|I know, at the time it was an imperfect solution in an imperfect world.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Undergoing personal change is a difficult but necessary process of maturing into the ultimate manifestation of a desirable self. True personal transformation requires a person honestly to assess their inner spirituality and adopt a clear vision of who they want to be. An earnest person experiencing inner transformation of their values and belief system is apt to feel conflicted, confused, and disorientated. Change of self is displacement, disarticulation, and loss of self. Alteration of our self-image results in disrupting, dislocating, and modifying a person’s perspective of what is significant.
Hank Bracker|I served our country in its military for a total of 40 years 6 months and 7 days. At a time when we have fake news and people have accepted that lies are as valid as the truth all I can say is that my DD-214 shows that I served and retired from the United States Naval Reserve, before joining the United States Army in its Military Intelligence Corps, and served as such until retiring in 1987. I personally don’t know of anyone else that actually served in two branches of our military and retired from each, and although I frequently receive thanks for my service it is appreciated but not necessary. What is however necessary, is that we as citizens give a long hard look at where we are going as a nation. Yes, our infrastructure needs repair and our people need good jobs. We certainly want to feel secure but we definitely don’t need one man to fix our Constitution, which by the way is not broken! We do not need a crude iron fist to run our country! What we do need is a clear understanding of where we are going and what our country stands for…. “The pursuit of happiness” for “We the People!” Our government is based on a system of checks and balances, not the blind following of an autocrat. That’s been tried before and failed each time. Let’s not go down that “Rabbit hole!” Stand up and protect our democracy and cherish our freedom! What we have is priceless! Don’t let anyone take that away from us…. “Stand up for what is right!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|What they teach you as history is mythology, and true mythology is far from fantasy - every kind reveals true fragments of our real history. A bulk of our real history can be found in Egyptian and Greek mythology. Yes, myths reveal to us worlds of other dimensions that make up our true reality. History books teach us that the minds of the past operated on the same frequency, dimension, or level of consciousness as we do now. Not true at all.
Jack London, The Sea Wolf|An artist owed a duty to nothing except his own irresponsibility. It was OK for an artist to frolic in the water, no matter how bloody the waves or how high the tide rose. An ethicist had an obligation to drown.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|Children, bored and opinionated, are scholars of the most dogmatic stripe.
Louise Penny|Try to be pleasant to one another, get plenty of fresh air, read a good book now and then, depose your government when it suspends the free press, try to use the mechanism of the state to adjudicate fairly and employ diplomatic means wherever possible to avoid armed conflict.
Glyncora Murphy|And if one day there's distanceBetween your hand and mine,When our hands join once again,My heart and soul will shine.
Eraldo Banovac|The older the friendship, the stronger the trust.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|I was just stock in the middle, vague and undefined.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|pussy pothel pussy pothel wer had u been i have been inside the pussy to see the depth ....pussy pothel pussy pothel wat did u do there .....i have been in and out in and out to show my length...lolzzzzzzzzzzzz,,
Gabor Maté|The distressing internal state is not examined: thefocus is entirely on the outside: What can Ireceive from the world thatwill make me feel okay, if only for a moment? Bare attention can showher that these moods and feelings have only the meaning and powerthat she gives them. Eventually she will realize that there is nothing torun away from. Situations might need to be changed, but there is nointernal hell that one must escape by dulling or stimulating the mind.
Kerrelyn Sparks, All I Want for Christmas is a Vampire|Whenever you appreciate a certain thing you become conscious of its real quality, and whenever you become conscious of the quality of anything, you begin to develop that quality in yourself. When we appreciate the worth of a person, we tend to impress the idea of that worth in our own minds, and thereby cause the same effect to be produced, in a measure, in ourselves.
Og Mandino|I learned early that crying out in protest could accomplish things. My older brothers and sister had started to school when, sometimes, they would come in and ask for a buttered biscuit or something and my mother, impatiently, would tell them no. But I would cry out and make a fuss until I got what I wanted. I remember well how my mother asked me why I couldn't be a nice boy like Wilfred; but I would think to myself that Wilfred, for being so nice and quiet, often stayed hungry. So early in life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.
Esther Verhoef, Close-up|You arrange your life based on what "everyone" thinks of you or what you think they think of you,whoever everyone is...
Gerald Morris, The Savage Damsel and the Dwarf|Don't make yourself so special," the dwarf said with a snort. "As if getting lost was some trick that only women knew. I've known men who could get lost in their own bedrooms. The only difference is that men with no sense of direction don't brag about it, the way women do.
Elon Musk|It doesn't matter whether you are pursuing success in business, sports, the arts, or life in general: The bridge between wishing and accomplishing is discipline.
Jamie Vardy|At times, you are mentally but not physically prepared; at times, you are physically but not mentally prepared. I would be lying if I said it doesn't affect your performance. But the sooner you get over it, the better. So you discipline yourself. That is why fitness counts.
Christopher Morley|If we discovered that we had only five minutes left to say all that we wanted to say, every telephone booth would be occupied by people calling other people to stammer that they loved them.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|When an orphan is depressed," wrote Wilbur Larch, "he is attracted to telling lies. A lie is at least a vigorous enterprise, it keeps you on your toes by making you suddenly responsible for what happens because of it. You must be alert to lie, and stay alert to keep your lie a secret. Orphans are not the masters of their fates; they are the last to believe you if you tell them that other people are also not in charge of theirs. When you lie, it makes you feel in charge of your life. Telling lies is very seductive to orphans. I know," Dr. Larch wrote. "I know because I tell them, too. I love to lie. When you lie, you feel as if you have cheated fate--your own, and everybody else's.
John Foster Dulles|The Iraq War was the biggest issue for people of my generation in the West. It was also the clearest case, in my living memory, of media manipulation and the creation of a war through ignorance.
Leora Tanenbaum, Slut!: Growing Up Female with a Bad Reputation|Humans are not a commodity, nor is our humanity. Fight to save the lives of those who can not save themselves, and in turn, you will have saved your soul.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|You don't even like me, remember?" That's what I try to say. What actually comes out of my mouth is closer to a baby's first attempt at babbling. "Shh." He runs his fingertips along my cheek, caressing my face. "Hush. I'm right here." He looks at me with deep anguish in his eyes. Like there's so much he wants to tell me but feel it's too late now. I want to stroke his face and tell him that it will be okay. That everything will be all right. And I wish so badly that it would be.
Wendell Berry, Bringing it to the Table: On Farming and Food|We can say without exaggeration that the present national ambition of the United States is unemployment. People live for quitting time, for weekends, for vacations, and for retirement; moreover, this ambition seems to be classless, as true in the executive suites as on the assembly lines. One works not because the work is necessary, valuable, useful to a desirable end, or because one loves to do it, but only to be able to quit - a condition that a saner time would regard as infernal, a condemnation.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|For weeks Tyrone thought he was going to die any minute, and there were also times when he was afraid he wasnt going to die.
Annie Dillard, The Maytrees|Gamache nodded. It was what made his job so fascinating, and so difficult. How the same person could be both kind and cruel, compassionate and wretched. Unraveling a murder was more about getting to know the people than the evidence. People who were contrary and contradictory, and who often didn't even know themselves.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Each year, more responsibility and freedom (they are companions) must be given to the child so that the final release in early adulthood is merely a small, final release of authority.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Do you know, Sandy dear, all my ambitions are for you and Rose. You have got insight, perhaps not quite spiritual, but you're a deep one, and Rose has got instinct.' 'Perhaps not quite spiritual' said Sandy.'Yes,' said Miss Brodie, 'you're right. Rose has got a future by virtue of her instinct.'...'I ought to know because my prime has brought me instinct and insight, both.
Paul Walker|Since childhood, sports has been one of the most important influences in my life.
Virginia Adair, Ants on the Melon: a Collection of Poems|Life is a hurricane, and we board up to save what we can and bow low to the earth to crouch in that small space above the dirt where the wind will not reach. We honor anniversaries of deaths by cleaning graves and sitting next to them before fires, sharing food with those who will not eat again. We raise children and tell them other things about who they can be and what they are worth: to us, everything. We love each other fiercely, while we live and after we die. We survive; we are savages.
Edvard Munch|Movies make teenagers have quippy answers for every question. Nothing seems to faze them, and they're like, 'Oh, whatever.' You're not like that when you're a teenager. You're really earnest. Things really feel like life or death. And you kind of oscillate between emotions at one time. It's very emotionally draining being a teenager.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|When a protector leaves you, it looks like the end of the world. But you gradually learn to walk by your own feet
Roy Bean|I never saw a discontented tree. They grip the ground as though they liked it, and though fast rooted they travel about as far as we do.
Penelope Kahler Swan, Sunny Kincaid|Uncouth thoughts can come take possession of the sweetest mind. That happens to you, you got to keep yourself alone a long time to heal of it. Mostly so you don’t pass it on. Thoughts, you see, or things, or folks that touch, go right on rubbing on each other, long after the actual touching is done and gone. That’s the Law Of Contagion.”-- Banjo Bartell
Dave Grohl|I've always thought it was important not to attach too much superstition to the space where you're writing, because once you get into the mindset that you can only do it a certain way in a certain place, your creativity can get blocked.
Ankita Singhal|Soul MateWhen we are born, the soul we are given is split apart and half of it is given to someone else. Throughout our lives, we search for the person with the other half of our soul. Very few ever succeed.I am blessed that we have met. In a sudden moment, warm within your loving glare, my soul said, “At last! I can rest. I have found my missing half.” When this happens, it is said we have found our soul mate. We are happy and at peace. When we shared ourselves, we were engulfed in eternity, dancing in a timeless universe. I am truly blessed because that day, my heart recognized you as a part of its own.Thank you for blessing me with you. Thank you for dreaming with me - for seeing the same future as I do. For your beautiful eyes, reminding me of the truest bliss in life. I am forever grateful for you.I will spend an eternity loving you, caring for you, respecting you, showing you every day that I hold you as high as the stars. I am sorry that it’s taken me this long to find you – I shall make it up to you, my flower, as long as we live. I love you!
Dan Wells, Partials|We wrap up our violent and mysterious world in a pretense of understanding. We paper over the voids of our comprehension with science and religion, and make believe that order has been imposed. And, for the most of it, the fiction works. We skim across the surfaces, heedless of the depths below. Dragonflies flitting over a lake, miles deep, pursuing erratic paths to pointless ends. Until that moment when something from the cold unknown reaches up to take us.The biggest lies we save for ourselves. We play a game in which we are gods, in which we make choices, and the current follows in our wake. We pretend a separation from the wild. Pretend that a man’s control runs deep, that civilization is more than a veneer, that reason will be our companion in dark places.
Javier Marías|We all have to lead our own life, and we only have the one life, and the only people who can live life not according to their own desires are those who have no desires--which is the majority, actually. People can say what they like, they can speak of abnegation, sacrifice, generosity, acceptance, and resignation, but it's all false. The norm is for people to think that they desire whatever comes to them, whatever they achieve along the way or whatever is given to them--they have no preconceived desires.
Ravi Shankar|But when you get music and words together, that can be a very powerful thing.
Daniel Defoe|The soul is placed in the body like a rough diamond, and must be polished, or the luster of it will never appear.
raja shakeel mushtaque|Happiness is little more perplexing, in its search you lose peace inside yourself.
Werner Heisenberg|I have always considered it as treason against the great republic of human nature, to make any man's virtues the means of deceiving him.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, all we need is a purpose oriented journey filled with love and persistence.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|Someday, I'm going to have to break some of your rules, Mom.""I know," she said. "Try to do it behind my back, will you?¨You can bet on that, Mom.¨We both sat there and laughed.
Bobby Adair, Infected|He might have perfect form and better swordsmanship, but I had one thing on my side that stacked the deck in my favor. I was absolutely crazy.
Michelle   Cooper, The FitzOsbornes at War|She seemed to think reading was some sort of hobby, as opposed to being as necessary as breathing, sleeping, and eating.
Christopher Hitchens|The prince's official job description as king will be 'defender of the faith,' which currently means the state-financed absurdity of the Anglican Church, but he has more than once said publicly that he wants to be anointed as defender of all faiths—another indication of the amazing conceit he has developed in six decades of performing the only job allowed him by the hereditary principle: that of waiting for his mother to expire.
Dannika Dark, Sterling|Where did you meet?” he pressed on.I shrugged and considered a little rephrasing. “I was out for a run.”“From who?”I leaned back to take a long, very long, slow sip of that beer.Knox leaned forward. “I think we’re both bullsh*tting here, you ever play that card game?”“With my grandma, every Sunday after church.
Nathan Fillion|The world should not pass judgement upon the Negro, and especially the Negro youth, too quickly or too harshly. The Negro boy has obstacles, discouragements and temptations to battle with that are little known to those not situated as he is.
Patti Davis|I always thought the biggest failing of Americans was their lack of irony. They are very serious there! Naturally, there are exceptions... the Jewish, Italian, and Irish humor of the East Coast.
|Positive thinking is the best gift that you can give to your mind, and the best part of it all, is that it is absolutely free.
Bhagvad Gita|On the inside, the copycats of the ruffians are more delicate than the copycats of prudes.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|You will experience a lot of imaginings as usually is for humans although we tend to pretend that all our thoughts are septic and moral. Feelcomfortable with your thoughts. Trust me dear child, no human is spared from wild thoughts and you too will have them. Nothing should limit you my child. But the minute you decide to speak out your thinking or live them, you should be ready for the consequences too.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|Love can be understood only "from the inside " as a language can be understood only by someone who speaks it  as a world can be understood only by someone who lives in it.
Anthony T. Hincks|The world is a giant zoo. The trouble is, not all of the animals are civilized.
William Faulkner|When I was younger, one of my favorite activities was imagining alternative-universe versions of myself. Sometimes I was a rosy-cheeked outdoorsy girl who ate flowers and hiked alone, uphill, for miles. Or I was a skydiving, drag-racing, adrenaline-fueled daredevil. Or a chain mail-wearing, sword swinging dragon slayer. It was fun to imagine those things because I already knew who I was. Now I don't know anything. I don't know who I'm supposed to be in my new world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If stars avoided the dark, they would not be visible at night.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|I apologized to her once for spending less time with her, but she blew it off. "You're in love. That makes you actually kind of boring to people who aren't in love. You know, the sane ones.
Rachel Hawthorne, Suite Dreams|Winter is coming, warned the Stark words, and truly it had come to them with a vengeance. But it is high summer for House Lannister. So why am I so bloody cold?
Alison Winfield Burns, Ivy League Bohemians (A Girl Among Boys): Bliss Book of Columbia University's Pariah Artists|Tis true what Hemingway says--if we're lucky enough to live our dreams in youth, as Ernest Hemingway did in 1920's Paris and I did with the Beat poets, then youth's dreams become a moveable feast you take wherever you go--youthful love remains the repast plentiful; exquisite, substantive and good. You can live on happy memories. Eat of them forever.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|To the Technocrats: Have mercy on us. Relax a bit, take time out for simple pleasures. For example, the luxuries of electricity, indoor plumbing, central heating, instant electronic communication and such, have taught me to relearn and enjoy the basic human satisfactions of dipping water from a cold clear mountain stream; of building a wood fire in a cast-iron stove; of using long winter nights for making music, making things, making love; of writing long letters, in longhand with a fountain pen, to the few people on this earth I truly care about.
J. D. Vance|Boys with a 'failure to launch' are invisible to most girls. With poor social skills, the boys feel anger at their fear of being rejected and self-loathing at their inability to compete.
Scott Gaille, The Unmerciful Lawyer|As we drove off into the moonless night, raindrops danced through our headlights like the fireflies of my childhood. I silently cursed the frailty of happiness and doubted whether it ever existed for me. I could remember happier times, though, and those memories fluttered about my mind like fireflies, beckoning with their elusive splendor. But chasing memories held no more promise than catching fireflies. The pursued feelings either vanished or lost their magic upon examination, hardly the green-glowing beauty seen at a distance. So I looked ahead of me and dreamed on into the darkness, hoping to one day find someone who would love me.
Umberto Eco|Personally, my interests are ancient history and ancient civilizations. In my own life, I'd like to go to places like Easter Island.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|The mind is a universe and can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
John  Williams|Colour GLOWS, Mind FLOWSBird FLY. Love SPREADS,And we Celebrate Joy, Love & Smile.Have a Happy Bright Merry Christmas to Ü & All
Maggie Adams|I want you to grab hold of the brass spindles and don’t let go.” When she did as he required, he spread her legs wider. “Hold tight, baby. This is going to feel so good.
Debasish Mridha|Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|I'm very glad you asked me that, Mrs Rawlinson. The term `holistic' refers to my conviction that what we are concerned with here is the fundamental interconnectedness of all things. I do not concern myself with such petty things as fingerprint powder, telltale pieces of pocket fluff and inane footprints. I see the solution to each problem as being detectable in the pattern and web of the whole. The connections between causes and effects are often much more subtle and complex than we with our rough and ready understanding of the physical world might naturally suppose, Mrs Rawlinson."Let me give you an example. If you go to an acupuncturist with toothache he sticks a needle instead into your thigh. Do you know why he does that, Mrs Rawlinson?No, neither do I, Mrs Rawlinson, but we intend to find out. A pleasure talking to you, Mrs Rawlinson. Goodbye.
Jean-Louis Gassee|I know it’s impossible for you to see peers this way, but when you’re older, you start to see them—the bad kids and the good kids and all kids—as people. They’re just people, who deserve to be cared for. Varying degrees of sick, varying degrees of neurotic, varying degrees of self- actualized.
Gail McHugh, Pulse|[Abusers] blame the world - circumstances, other people - for their defeats, misfortune, misconduct, and failures. The abuser firmly believes that his life is swayed by currents and persons over which he has no influence whatsoever (he has an external locus of control).But there are even subtler variants of this psychological defense mechanism. Not infrequently an abuser will say: "I made a mistake because I am stupid", implying that his deficiencies and inadequacy are things he cannot help having and cannot change. This is also an alloplastic defense because it abrogates responsibility.Many abusers exclaim: "I misbehaved because I completely lost my temper." On the surface, this appears to be an autoplastic defense with the abuser assuming responsibility for his misconduct. But it could be interpreted as an alloplastic defense, depending on whether the abuser believes that he can control his temper.
Donald R. Prothero|And I've been thinking: if the human race manages to destroy itself, as it often seems to want to do, or if some great disaster comes, as it did for the dinosaurs, then the birds will still manage to survive. When our gardens and fields and farms and woods have turned wild, when the park at the end of Falconer Road has turned into a wilderness, when our cities are in ruins, the birds will go on flying and singing and making their nests and laying their eggs and raising their young. It could be that the birds will exist for ever and for ever until the earth itself comes to an end, no matter what might happen to the other creatures. They'll sing until the end of time. So here's my thought: If there is a God, could it be that He's chosen the birds to speak for Him. Could it be true? The voice of God speaks through the beaks of birds.
Nikki Rowe|I didn't see her love,but I felt itthrough the sun,the wind,and the raindrops.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|The love of Arda was set in your hearts by Ilúvatar, and he does not plant to no purpose.
D.T. Suzuki, An Introduction to Zen Buddhism|When we live with Integrity every word, thought and action springs from the Intelligence of the Heart and flows in harmony, enlightened by the pure light of Consciousness.
Peter Straub, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|Wha...what are you smiling for...? If I'd swallowed that needle, I'd have died! It's not like putting tabasco in ohagi!!!
Mary Kay Ash|Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|The memories of our glories fade, and rot away into half-arsed anecdotes, thin and unconvincing as some other bastard's lies. The failures, the disappointments, the regrets, they stay raw as the moments they happened.
Monica Bellucci|Women are our most miraculous muse, an enchanted intangibility that encourages all art.
J.R. Ward, Crave|When I was a junior, my school introduced badminton, which was clearly a P.E. department ploy to get me away from the wrestling room, and it worked, since the first time I played badminton was like the first time I tasted sushi or heard the Beatles or read Wordsworth. This was a sport? This counted for gym requirements?
James Kakalios, The Physics of Superheroes|The universe as a giant harpstring, oscillating in and out of existence! What note does it play, by the way? Passages from the Numerical Harmonies, I supposed?
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|No real excellence, personal or social, artistic, philosophical, scientific, or moral, can arise without solitude.
Estelle|Me being a black girl in London, whose mom is first-generation African and whose dad is West Indian, gives me a different view. I'm coming at soul from my own place.
Kerry Cohen, Loose Girl: A Memoir of Promiscuity|Death is not like going to sleep, it's more like waking up from a dream and realizing the person you were in the dream wasn't you, the problems you had in the dream weren't your problems and waking up from the dream to this world is like going back to sleep again and waking up in a dream world, forgetting who we are again and getting lost in the dream character, the character who we think we are and who has problems. Waking up in a dream and realizing we are not the dream character but the dreamer is enlightenment.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In one way or another, every mission that I have ever set out on to rescue myself is yet another mission that I end up needing to be rescued from. Hence, there is God.
مسعد العرباني|When you're in bad mood, you find jerk on anywhere.
Madeleine Albright|When I interviewed Paul Bremer in his office, he had almost no books on his shelves. He had a couple of management books, like 'Leadership' by Rudolph Giuliani. I didn't take it as an encouraging sign.
Tom Colicchio|I always think if you have to cook once, it should feed you twice. If you're going to make a big chicken and vegetable soup for lunch on Monday, you stick it in the refrigerator and it's also for Wednesday's dinner.
A. Antares|Mix carefully truth and deceit, you have politics
Kelly Moran, Redemption|...the church lives in a regime of ecclesial authoritarian security and the military elites live in a regime of national authoritarian security. These structures produce the same kind of authoritarian people, with a super defensive stance in their strategies and argumentation. This is why they understand each other! (Leonardo Boff, p. 178)
Lewis Carroll|When you come to any passage you don't understand, read it again: if you still don't understand it, read it again: if you fail, even after three readings, very likely your brain is getting a little tired. In that case, put the book away, and take to other occupations, and next day, when you come to it fresh, you will very likely find that it is quite easy.
Shannon L. Alder|Too many people spend their life in fear of making a mistake. However, here is the truth: Fear is the mistake. If you block out all the doubts and listen only to what you feel in your heart, then follow that course, you waste less time in indecision and spend more time being authentic. Life is too short to settle for parttime happiness.
Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais, The Marriage of Figaro (Le Nozze Di Figaro): Vocal Score|How did so many women get to this unhappy place of not understanding how truly "simple" men are in their requirements and how much benevolent power their wives have over them? Why did notions like assuaging "male ego" and using "feminine wiles" rocket into disrepute? How is it that so many women are angry with men in general yet expect to have a happy life married to one of them?There are a number of reasons for this, and I believe they all revolve around the assault upon, and virtual collapse of, the values of religious morality, modesty, fidelity, chastity, respect for life, and a commitment to family and child-rearing.
Flora  Roberts, Just A Step Away|I don’t know what it is that comes over me, but suddenly I’m crossing to his side of the table and sitting down in his lap, arms wrapping around his neck. His lips are soft against mine, and when I part them he tenderly obliges, tasting me delicately. His fingers prod at my back, never going further than the small indent at the base of the spine, and it’s all very lovely and nice. “I think I could get used to you,” I say, looking down into his beautiful brown eyes, deep like the color of autumn. (From "Undone, The Romance of Nick and Layla [Part 5"]).
B.B.  Taylor|I may never be rich or famous but I've created a whole world, where anything I want is possible what more could anyone want to achieve?
Kim Fielding, Rattlesnake|Some people think family's about DNA, but it ain't. It's about the folks who want you, who stick with you no matter what. They know your secrets and flaws, and you know theirs, and you love each other anyway.
Jack Kornfield, For a Future to Be Possible: Buddhist Ethics for Everyday Life|Mindfulness allows you to face the past with courage, whether it is scarred with pain or caressed with joy, and it gently holds you in the safe haven of the present without allowing you to become overwhelmed with what may or may not be waiting in the future.
Marie Brennan, In the Labyrinth of Drakes|... There may not be even two men living in the world whom I would have agreed to marry, certainly not on such short notice. But I do not need two; I only need one.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|There is a concept which corrupts and upsets all others.I refer not to Evil, whose limited realm is that of ethics; I refer to the infinite.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Keep practicing," he told her."Until I get it right?" she said. But he corrected her."No. Until you don't get it wrong.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Natural science is founded on minute critical views of the general order of events taking place upon our globe, corrected, enlarged, or exalted by experiments, in which the agents concerned are placed under new circumstances, and their diversified properties separately examined. The body of natural science, then, consists of facts; is analogy,—the relation of resemblance of facts by which its different parts are connected, arranged, and employed, either for popular use, or for new speculative improvements.
Alin Sav|There are so many ways to change the world, and every single one starts with you.
Mitch Glazer|There either is or is not, that’s the way things are. The colour of the day. The way it felt to be a child. The saltwater on your sunburnt legs. Sometimes the water is yellow, sometimes it’s red. But what colour it may be in memory, depends on the day. I’m not going to tell you the story the way it happened. I’m going to tell it the way I remember it.— Great Expectations (1998) directed by Alfonso Cuarón
Evan Minton, A Hellacious Doctrine: A Defense Of The Biblical Doctrine Of Hell|If Jesus was willing to be beaten and tortured to gain the salvation of mankind, the least we can do is tell them about it.
Jennifer Clarvoe, Invisible Tender|Do you know how,sometimes, when you first wake up,your pulse is so thorough, so slow,that you, and the one who is with you, and the room, and the opening light all seem to swelland subside and swell inside your heart?
Christian D. Larson|Use the imagination to picture only what is good, what is beautiful, what is beneficial, what is ideal, and what you wish to realize. Mentally see yourself receiving what you deeply desire to receive. What you imagine, you will think, and what you think, you will become. Therefore, if you imagine only those things that are in harmony with what you wish to obtain or achieve, all your thinking will soon tend to produce what you want to attain or achieve.
Ewan McGregor|Retain the vision for space exploration. If we turn our backs on the vision again, we're going to have to live in a secondary position in human space flight for the rest of the century.
Angie karan|Always listen to your soul... it speaks to you, only if you listen!
Usman W. Chohan|You will soon learn that there ARE no strange stars, no alien skies"- No?"Only skies and stars, in all their varieties. Each one with its own flavour, and all flavours good"- Now YOU think like a tree. Flavours! Of skies!"I have tasted the heat of many stars, and all of them were sweet
Noelle Hancock, My Year with Eleanor|Finally I reached into my pocket and flipped a quarter. Heads was Phlox, tails was Arthur. It came up heads. I called Arthur.
Jeremy Bushnell|... when people love you, they show up. Sometimes that means that they get to bail you out of trouble. It's not bad when that happens; it just means that you return the obligation when you get the chance. You be a guy who is present instead of a fuck-up.
Eric Laster, Welfy Q. Deederhoth Meat Purveyor World Savior|I know about your happy little illusion, that you never call your wife by name, that you take amphetamines just to give yourself that kick in the ass that reminds you that you’re not a machine, that you have the constant need to be on top because you’re so far down the evolutionary ladder that a f***ing amoeba uses you as a footstool.
Ellen DeGeneres|However, we might oppose it, abortion is a sad feature of modern life.
|I noticed that some people feel that asking people to help them with things that they are unfamiliar with, means that they are not smart enough. So therefore, they tell themselves that they can figure it all out by themselves without asking questions. But the truth is, no one knows it all; neither would anyone ever succeed in knowing it all.
ShahenshahHK|If you want to succeed then let go your beliefs and perceptions which are holding your success, the connection of success & failure is linked to the balance between your heart & mind, the mind might give-up on all the logical solutions, but heart will tell you to try one more time - may be differently, success is just round the corner provided the mind follows the heart’s call.
Nathan Reese Maher, Lights Out: Book 2|Because I am, just as you are you. We don’t always get to pick who we are, Shelly Wynn, but we can choose to celebrate it.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Consequences are part of one's life. You can't run away from them, but simply face them.
Steve Maraboli|We don't get to choose who we fall in love with. If we did, the world would have fewer single mothers.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|I love you. I love you. I send this message through my fingers and into his, up his arm and into his heart. Hear me. I love you. And I'm sorry to leave you.
Brynn Kelly, Deception Island|Get off me, Bran!" she howled, her sweet breath brushing his lips when she turned her head to look at him. "If you get yourself killed bein' all heroic and brave, I swear on my granddaddy's grave, I'll murder you!
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading 2|Many of the women in Los Angeles are part of the notorious gang culture, and they will forever have my gratitude for, you know, letting me live.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|A person’s true nature, true self, cannot change with situations.
Aristotle, On Sleep and Sleeplessness|As the bus took us north on a connection of dark farm roads and smaller highways, I started to wonder where all the cars were. How could the streets be so empty? How could people sleep when there was so much at stake, so much happening, when there were so many reasons to be awake and alive? And I wondered how it was that I could feel both empty, like these streets, and yet so full at the same time. And those weren't the only contrasting poles inside me. I felt sad and happy. Scared and exhilarated. I felt young and old.
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|The universe contains any amount of horrible ways to be woken up, such as the noise of the mob breaking down the front door, the scream of fire engines, or the realization that today is the Monday which on Friday night was a comfortably long way off. A dog's wet nose is not strictly speaking the worst of the bunch, but it has its own peculiar dreadfulness which connoisseurs of the ghastly and dog owners everywhere have come to know and dread. It's like having a small piece of defrosting liver pressed lovingly against you.
Gabriele Corno|A person cannot tell the truth, if they don't live the truth & they can't live the truth, if they don't know the truth_ ♥ Cutting Truths
Kevin R. Hill|Not everyone is fodder for books," said Rosalind.
David Winner|Science n’ Shit in a Hip-Hop Style with Stephen Hawking(Kick-snare, kick-kick snare).‘Let me tell you my plan for the human race, well I would but I can’t,‘Cos I can’t move me face,So my computerised voice is how I’ll go, I type with me eye to keep the flowWe’re all gonna go live in outer spaceWhere zero gravity will stop me dribbling all over the placeI’ll tell y’all how I’ll get there:With some rockets built into me special wheel chairThe moons of Jupiter, in perfect animationWe’ll all live in a huge space stationI’ll be able to dance and chase all the fannyAnd finally get me end away with me nanny.’Science n’ Shit in a Hip-Hop Style with Stephen Hawking II‘From the moons of Ganymede, Io & Titan, I’ll tell y’all somethin’ that’s sure to enlightenIn space, there are galaxies nebula & starsAnd dying suns that are going super no-vaBut no anomalies can compare, To how much I wanna run my fingers through your hairSir Patrick Moore, a true space oracle, With your knowledge of cheats and gorgeous monocleI’m coming out as gay, and I don’t give a hootI’m the first fuckin’ vegetable that turned into a fruitWord.
Desmond Tutu|Forgiveness is the way we return what has been taken from us and restore the love and kindness and trust that has been lost. With each act of forgiveness, whether small or great, we move toward wholeness. Forgiveness is nothing less than how we bring peace to ourselves and our world.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
Cath Crowley, The Life and Times of Gracie Faltrain|Everyone was busy down in the town streets. Some are searching for wealth, others seeking glory. Some want to be become famous, while others want to be worthy…it’s a rotten world actually.
Phil Lester|Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you, because they're probably feeling the same kind of scared, horrible feelings that everyone does.
Alin Sav|To reimagine IT, IT branding needs to be part of IT transformation effort.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|He was proud of her, he admired her, and at that moment he was conscious of life as something good and he fell in love with her all over again. This consciousness of love took the form of a deep patience inhabiting him, rather than a feeling of cheer or even hope
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|With gorilla gone, will there be hope for man?
Patti Digh, Creative Is a Verb: If You're Alive, You're Creative|A warrior always, you lift a hand to create or destroy as you will, and heed no one's call but your own. And all the while, my one breathless thought, repeating as though I know nothing else...Take me with you.
Marie Curie|The difference between science and the arts is not that they are different sides of the same coin even, or even different parts of the same continuum, but rather, they are manifestations of the same thing. The arts and sciences are avatars of human creativity.
Wayne W. Dyer, There's a Spiritual Solution to Every Problem|We all try to camouflage the monotony, But it takes a lot of energy. To insist on being special all the time. When we're so much like one another anyway. Our triumphs are the same. Our pain. Try for a moment to feel what relief there is in the ordinary.
Lilli Thal, Mimus|Ah, yes, crooked paths often end in quicksand.
Naomi Klein|What all these lofty and vague phrases boil down to is that the court can impose things that the voters don't want and the Constitution does not require, but which are in vogue in circles to which the court responds.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Some people are born to hold keys, while others are born to use them.
Eric Idle|Mere lack of evidence, of course, is no reason to denounce a theory. Look at intelligent design. The fact that it is bollocks hasn’t stopped a good many people from believing in it. Darwinism itself is only supported by tons of evidence, which is a clear indication that Darwin didn’t write his books himself.
Sōseki Natsume, Light and Darkness|It’s so unrewarding, being a woman.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Journals of Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1820-1824|I define influence simply as literary love, tempered by defense. The defenses vary from poet to poet. But the overwhelming presence of love is vital to understanding how great literature works.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|In modern neurotheology we examine the physical bases to spiritual, religious and mystical experiences and beliefs, that implicitly appear to reduce this rich phenomenology to only neuronal functions. So, the thing is, there was no divine intervention necessary in the evolution of spirituality and religiosity. “Human Brain is the true God of all beliefs”.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|Maybe she’d always wished to be beautiful and didn’t quite dare to, because she could tell that people didn’t say she was and more attention was given to other women, but she still had a frail hope that there’d been a mistake and she was after all.
Jenna Alatari|Meditation quiets conscious thought and the physical realm, making a doorway to spiritual awareness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I'd have been queen of all England, but Massachusetts haunted me and wouldn't let me go.
Joy Williams|I heard sad choirs in my mind. There was nothing left of Rachel in the world. He cherished what he'd shown me, and now it was gone. Eureka.
Katarina Bivald, The Readers of Broken Wheel Recommend|It was, in many ways, her dream bookshop. Not least because all the books had already been read.Books that had already been read were the best.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When reality is better than your dreams, stay awake.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma|A little library, growing larger every year, is an honourable part of a man's history. It is a man's duty to have books. A library is not a luxury, but one of the necessaries of life.
H. G. Wells|I have thought there was some advantage even in death, by which we mingle with the herd of common men.
Confucius|In the luxury business, you have to build on heritage.
Wyclef Jean|It's the same with [my wife] -- when she goes out, guys are macking on her. I'm not worried with the kind of relationship we've got. Most people, they don't leave room for mistakes in their relationship.
Radhe Maa|Think, how hard it is to change yourself. How can it be easy to change others?
Toru Watanabe|If you want to know someone's character, give him power.
James Redfield|No one, good or evil, ceases to exist; life is energy and energy cannot be created or destroyed; it is recycled.
Wassily Kandinsky, Concerning the Spiritual in Art|(...) an inner feeling called "Stimmung" by the germans and best translated as sentiment (it is to be regreted that this word, sentiment, which is meant to describe the poetical efforts of an artist living soul, has been misused and finally, ridiculed. Was there ever a great word that the masses did not try immediatly to cheapen and desecrate?) (...)
Aristotle, Politics|Neither should we forget the mean, which at the present day is lost sight of in perverted forms of government; for many practices which appear to be democratical are the ruin of democracies, and many which appear to be oligarchical are the ruin of oligarchies. Those who think that all virtue is to be found in their own party principles push matters to extremes; they do not consider that disproportion destroys a state. A nose which varies from the ideal of straightness to a hook or snub may still be of good shape and agreeable to the eye; but if the excess be very great, all symmetry is lost, and the nose at last ceases to be a nose at all on account of some excess in one direction or defect in the other; and this is true of every other part of the human body. The same law of proportion equally holds in states. Oligarchy or democracy, although a departure from the most perfect form, may yet be a good enough government, but if any one attempts to push the principles of either to an extreme, he will begin by spoiling the government and end by having none at all. Wherefore the legislator and the statesman ought to know what democratical measures save and what destroy a democracy, and what oligarchical measures save or destroy an oligarchy. For neither the one nor the other can exist or continue to exist unless both rich and poor are included in it. If equality of property is introduced, the state must of necessity take another form; for when by laws carried to excess one or other element in the state is ruined, the constitution is ruined.
Maria Erving|The awakening process is not about 'finding who you are' but more about finding out about the ego, about who you are not.
Stacey Jay, Juliet Immortal|After all this time, I know exactly where I belong. Here. With Edmond. And that's how I live now.
